me that are, you know, have children and I just don't like to hear someone say, PIST OFF! On my way to work. PIST OFF gets me fired up when I hear someone say that. And I don't think it's appropriate. You know, if you're going to have to announce your little program in the middle of your day, leave it there to make the other program, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's you mean doc in it and it really insults my intelligence in it and you know, that's not clear I don't know what is, I'll talk to you later. It works for an auction in Nebraska. Thanksgiving's here again, it seems like yesterday that we were that at Marthes' for a jolly holiday. Yeah, it's forgetting. The way he packed that food away must take, 50 plates to feed my brother. She bought this product, just sliced up the spanned serum, passed it at salt, well, and then cut this in meat. I need some bread dough, Joe, so get it over here, bro. Go on, and then you better step back, Jack. And watch me feed. I love and dearly I don't want him to be hurt, but we'd be saying grace and he'd be halfway through dessert in its pathetic. The way he dribbles on his shirt, it's always 50 plates to feed my brother. Yeah, big best thing, Jack. Chicken pot pie, guys. Slavicies, please. And a root beer, folks. Let's do the both, Doc. Get away from that host, Doc. Say goodbye to that man, sir. It's going down that road. So grab another plate, Nick. Over that the fridge, bitch. This is how the spot is built, and make root for me. Not a little too through. It's called the Gaby of Sweet Two. Together again, man. Thanks, give it a feed. Happy Thanksgiving to you, to us, to all. Mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm. Exactly. That's so interesting. 904-560WQA and Happy Wednesday to it. And thanks to given the end, but we're getting close enough, plus we're not of us going to be working to Mark's sub-carlose. Now what happened there at the end of Mo show? I have no idea. There board had a little glitch. Ha ha ha ha. There board had a little bit. Y'know that, that must be Robert you're talking about. A little bit. Speaking of a little bit, boy, yesterday we talked about, and thanks to Miguel who contributed something. It was about time. He had two great moments, which in four hours ain't a lot. But that line about the Chicago, what's state is that? And that was pretty good. That was amusing. Thanks. But the other thing that he reminded us of course being the professional Cuban is that yesterday was the third anniversary of Alien Washington upon sure. Oh right. Which, you know, prompted me to play all that Alien on, stop at least most of it. And wouldn't you know? Five Cubans concealed aboard a disabled 21-foot motor boat towed into Port-by-the-US Coast Guard, popped out of their hiding place and scampered out of a dock before they could be stopped virtually winning the right to remain in the country. But left on the boat. Unable to manage the few steps for the boat to dry land was the teenage son of one of the Cubans had promoted the day yesterday. US authorities wrestled with a question of what to do with the 14-year-old who under normal circumstances would likely have been taken back to Cuba. Don't do that. In the end, US justice department officials defuse a potential controversy when they ordered the boy brought to shore. The reason the boy to be a witness against two Miami men who allegedly piloted the boat in our accused of attempting to smuggle him in along with his father and foreothers. The upshot is the boy is father and their companions like all Cubans whose feet touch US soil will now likely be allowed to stay in the US, those detained at Sierra Routini were patriated, sent back where they come from. Right now that a decision to dry food him has been made as a prosecutor or a decision that he's a material witness to Jackal in Barra, but Sarah, whatever it hell or name is, is both women for the US attorney's office in Miami. But Sarah said Tuesday night that the boy was not yet reunited with his father who's been held with the other mode passengers by federal authorities. The case may have another wrinkle. Relatives of the alleged smugglers identified as Elizardo Riz Alvarez and Martin Mendez Diaz said the people that were accused of smuggler are smuggling at other relatives. Merton Mendez, who said she's Martin Mendez's wife said the 14 year old owner's nephew and his father whom she referred to as laying a loser brother. Other relatives said Riz's girlfriend, Dyline Abro, was the loan woman among the passengers. Luis Cresco, who identified him, Sarah, are you following all these relatives? The Cubans are like the buggy, and I'll be you better write them down because this is going to be as famous as Morris Grecia's and Lazaro and all those others. Maybe Luis Cresco, who identified himself as a cousin of Riz's, said it was a not a for-profit smuggling operation that were trying to save their families. He said outside the criminal detention center West Miami did where family members gathered to wait a development. There was no money involved. The boy whose name was not released last night was flown last evening by helicopter from Key West to Miami where authorities had a closed hearing and federal court. Later the teenager was expected to be turned over to the INS for place at least temporarily a facility for miners until Abuela can come up and check if his penis is growing. Bulldozer think. Very well. Then if Abuela comes and squeezes his penis then am I grow a little bit? That must be only in their family. Yeah right. Monday surprised this embarkation was especially, in by the way, today is our Thanksgiving show. So don't bother calling us. I saw a couple of flashes on there. It's a nice easy day for everybody. All kinds of great stuff. It's going to be a piece of cake, a little turkey, a little stuffing, a little whatever. Halava. Monday surprised this embarkation was especially charged because it came on the third anniversary of the rescue. It's even another Cuban boy. Ali Anganzallas. Who's ensuing, tight touch, stop and international custody dispute as we all know far too well between his father and Cuba and his relatives in the US. The so-called Miami family. The INS declined to come out of the new boy situation yesterday. It was part of an ongoing investigation. The agency spokeswoman Barbara Gonzalez acknowledged that officials did not fail to notice the coincidence of the Nate with Ali Anzallas arrival. Don't you think it's an active, uh, of God? Huh? Sure. You don't think these people plan this in advance to you? Of course not. US authorities believe the boys mother may still be in Cuba though the father reportedly is claiming custody of the boy. And there we go again. Even if his mother should try to press a custody claim legal expertise to old enough at 14 to successfully assert his desire to stay that he is old enough, unlike Ali Anhuade's five was too young to apply for a sonom without his father's agreement. The arrival of the screw procurements also comes in the wake of the controversy surrounding the intention of those 235 Haitians who spilled out of a boat of the Rick and Becker Cosway last month. And he liked that. The Harold says they spilled out of a boat under the Rick and Becker causeway. What, what, what, what kind of language is that? They spilled out of a boat under the causeway. 19 Haitians were repatriated because they were picked out of the water by coaster or before they could be sure. They too, Miami, datemen, accused of smuggling in the Cuban water before you had just magistrate today. Ali Elizardo Rees, record show with the owner of a 21 foot well-craft boat. And it goes out about this crystal that and that crests for this and Rees and Gonzalez, etc. How do you like that, man? There you go. Just in time for Thanksgiving. Oh, I love it. How that pull come out yesterday, Guadalya. You people out there are too good things that we're not taking any calls. I'm going to put any pressure on the audience. Just let him hop on the pool. Well, you can loop pull in the second, which I know you're low, even though we draw the line at nine. Based on what you know, which country should the US be attacking now we asked yesterday. We had 115 boats. Some of them were even real. About a few hundred and more even real boats. And the rest of them just went, we're not like that. They went nuts when they saw this. Saudi Arabia wins hands down 140. Shake your booty, baby. 240 said Saudi Arabia would be attacking. None any attack on the lead at Total Chaos 269 people said that. Iraq 177 and there's a Richard Butler. Oh, out while we're there. It's well-polar. Pakistan 161, they're right on Iraq's ass. Canada for calling WMor on 110 that brought up the Shiva Zion yesterday. Under enormous pressure, we'll get to that North Korea 40 and Iran, Iran only ate for Iran. Boy, got a lot of stuff that a girl admits leaving threatening note on plain and west palm. Lafaire de Moran if he needs it. That's CBS news. They can't her, but she resigned. A number of chances. And the person who facts us that, nobody has to say about 6.40 a.m. going all these tomorrow. I hate to break the news to you. Tom Jika finally got one right. Nice going Tom. It's nice to have somebody to buy your radio for a holidays. WGNA is moving. They're swapping with LVJ and Palm Beach County. JNA is moving from 1040 to 640. But JNA is not an old East station in the genre of magic. Their oldies are like more oldies. I mean, more old than the other ones. Oldie and moldy. You know how I'm talking about ancient. Like Frank Snatra and Peggy Lee and that stuff. Big bath. Yeah, big bands. Benny Goodman. Meyer Alanski. People like that. Here's our poll question today. Who would you like to hear us here? Do it right. Who would you like to hear 6.90 a.m. WQAM? We have 3.67 choices. The first team, Joe Geldian D.Fo. I'm happy with Mo. Rick and Suds. Paul Castra Novo. Paul Castra Novo. Ron and Ron. I wouldn't listen no matter what or classical music. See the reason I put that. I wouldn't listen no matter what is like people listen to Howard sperm. You thought of what I'm saying. Right. And they have to have some place to go. In other words, they're not going to change the dial if we put like on whatever. And then classical music. What would you like to hear on WQAM? 6.90 a.m. The first team. I'm happy with Mo. Rick and Suds. Paul Castra Novo. Ron and Ron. I wouldn't listen no matter what or classical music. A magnificent choice is we usually give you an issue. How about Neil 6th one? How about you work someplace else tomorrow? How's that sound? And tomorrow you don't want to be missing tomorrow. This is not being good. You can't because tomorrow is your big chance. You and the beast are doing the show tomorrow. That's our schedule for tomorrow folks. It's the holiday. 6.90 a.m. we got. Babe Hagen Curtis and Vlad. Kurt. Famous Kurt. From 6.90. From 6.90. That would be like a bunch of little kids playing radio. Like kind of like we do overnight between 2 and 6 every night. And I think Anthony was upset that he was in part of it. Well he's too perverted. 9.01 a.m. On this show we got the beast. The show modeling a big and fat, but not as fat as he used to be. Be still thinking of real insights story. How I got candid. I'm warning show. How Troy cut him off a balance for life. All of that tomorrow. And then the big from one to five four hours of misinformation with a big O tomorrow. One to five because we couldn't find anybody else. And then five and a half into tomorrow until 6 a.m. Friday. We got ESPN radio, which I think is damn nice of our people because who knows. I have to work on Thanksgiving day right. Right. You're not supposed to be the one saying that Miguel is supposed to say it. He's not working tomorrow. Right. I'm not working tomorrow. I'm not working tomorrow. No. So I just said. Tell me up. Okay. Put why you're ahead. We're going to go back to that people magazine. The best looking guy pull again. By the way, we found out this morning Miguel is into the key for southern. 913 at 5.60 WQM. If you look in the mirror and you wonder where the hell did that here go? Remember that song by the Supreme's word in my here go? God, I love that thing. Anyway, almost all men sooner or later start singing that song. Where the hell did it go? It's vanishing. It's doing a disappearing act. Charles now for your is there to help rescue your head. Because for over 25 years now, Schleppers and millionaires and everybody in between have been going to Charlie if you get a great looking at the air because they know even the rich guys that even if they spend all the money in the world, they can't get a better more natural looking here than the natural hairline system. It's 100% undetectable. It's the best in the business to make a long story short. So if you're like under the age of 100, see what me does make any difference. I'm not veen. You know what I mean? I don't need some phony here on my head. But if you're one of those younger guys who wants to look better and maybe get ahead in life or just get some head, call Charles Alpheary. Imagine your largest take advantage of that special $200 QA in discount. And don't forget Charlie, our resurfaces and repairs all kinds of hair systems while you wait. From only 25 to 30 bucks, it makes them look better too. You have nothing to lose but that big, grow, test shiny bald spot because everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee. If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, Charlie will give you a full refund. If you're not getting late at least four or five times a day, have you be your money back. So make the call that they ain't get you some here. 1-800-321-2413. The choices here is a silly looking mouthy piece or a great looking head ahead here. 1-800-321-2413, or log out of the website, Charles Alpheary. .com. 1-800-321-2413. 5-800-321-2413. 2-800-221-2413. 2-800-2321-2413. 2-800-2321-2413. 2-800-3615. 2-800- Arabic, 3-800. 3-800-413. 3-800-481, 3-800-413. 3-600-313. 4-800-413. 4-800-414. 4-800-413. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. in suds four the old first team jogia the indefo one this pulled this one up there really moments ago these are the early returns run and run one i wouldn't listen no matter what one classical music one i'm happy with mo zero and Paul cash for no vizier was so far but does it a very early returns okay okay to emotional about that don't i also forget twelve thirty give me the reminder give me a little nudge by long distance okay for the football game no seriously don't i'm gonna forget about that got the patriots and the lines remember the lines will be the bears on Sunday according to Miguel uh huh the patriots and the lines are planar wars that game is that a detroit now you are the answer i don't know the usually are those games usually are and that's because it's a Thanksgiving uh it's a tradition you always have Dallas and Washington play which they're playing the late game in 405 12 30 it's the patriots and the lines were better and probably not a potty act no doubt far enough away from the inner city to be safe at any rate so that game will be on CBS and i'll be you know just in here i'm not gonna like ignore the show for that half hour am i yes that's heavy duty stuff this is a big game even though it's a girls team that they're playing nevertheless it's a very very big game for the patriots who were like wobbly in the second half of that game against the Vikings Vikings have one a game on a road since before a link in was a child and a paper it's tried like held a blow it a 15 year old girl traveling with her soccer team admitted leaving a threatening note on an airplane as a prank officials in west bombete said brilliant what are we gonna do with that bit with that little girl huh the girl whose name was not released by apathy on vestigate is will not face federal charges she may however be subject to state prosecution oh right said Palm Beach College here of spokesman Paul Miller the note which where there is a bomb under c19c death is a coming was found tucked inside a window shed on the plane what a sense of humor huh the girl who's from Palm Beach County in return home from Atlanta for the Monday morning flight officials said the note was discovered early Monday afternoon is about 200 passengers reporting for the planes returned to Atlanta officials from delta airline said the plane was searched and its boarding passengers were re-screen Miller said TSA spokesman Brian Duelsa de flight to Atlanta was delayed for about two hours it's believed be the first red made by juvenile at the Palm Beach airport Miller said and hopefully the last you know what I'm saying right we got a lot of wise punks out there but this ain't the time to be screwed around about the bomb threats bitch look at that rick and so do rock to the races on that pool how do you like that huh woo if you take a peek at that 24 votes good going miss Molly I love this show get out of here here's the news you've been waiting for was just a matter of time a Prime Minister John Cretchen's come a communication director resigned yesterday over that controversy caused by her private comment last week that president pushes a moron absolutely correct Prince why Ducro who initially offered to quit but was kept on by Cretchen is leaving the Prime Minister's office after all according to what statement issued by Cretchen's team of staff what a surprise huh I need help in a letter of resignation to Cretchen Ducro wrote is very apparent to me that the controversy will make an impossible for me to do my job I would therefore like to leave my position as director communications immediately letter said I'm grateful for the support you given me during this difficult time Cretchen accepted the resignation this time responding in letter in your almost four years as director communications you serve the government as a whole that's with the W and me personally would extraordinary skill and education I wonder what side of his mouth he said that out of the comment made in the discussion with the radio report last week at the NATO summit in pro-check his live check or public has dominated Canadian media and opposition politicians had called for resignation what a moron is the court attributed to Ducro during what she called a private conversation with the report that was over her by the reporters to wrote about it she apologized last week but the viewer has continued in Canada a on Monday some opposition members of parliament know to the comment appeared in any racking newspaper editorial characterized as western opposition mr. bush crutch in initially tried to play down the incident telling your pro-news conference the comment was unfortunate that mr. bush was a friend of his and not a moron at all you should see some of the letters to the head of the newspapers here there was a cute one yesterday in the star that said isn't it possible that mr. bush could be crutch in friend animal on also it's good yeah because birds of a feather you know more on the feather hang out together is what he said out of the day right side of his mouth oh I thought he's something that crutch in they got billboards around town here doing a countdown to when he leaves office like i think he's got six months to go or something like that in the bottom of the billboard it says why wait leave now it's beautiful he also denied crutch in that to comment harm relation with Washington seeing we see no official complaints from the u.s officials at the summit probably because they all know that the president is but the most exactly what he said pommage radio station swaps box on the dial let's get this right and who better to turn to then our good close ball to the front little tami jico at least wrote something about radio it's not about a station in data grower released at least at something about radio that's a start tami at least at something about the local scene as opposed to another one of those 8000 puff pieces about some network TV show like that crampy movie you were battling that martin Lewis thing that was a real piece of the third it says Thanksgiving won't be a day rest in pommage radio w j n a home of adult standards by adult standards by the likes of Frank Sinatra and Barbara Streisand is shifting from its current home of 1040 a.m. to 640 a.m. whoever sent us that fact yesterday get us to get your facts right on your facts okay get your facts facts right to make it easy for listeners to remember the transition will take place at 640 tomorrow night. I'll see if this is dated of over 28th which is tomorrow on the website and it says tonight so I'm assuming that means tomorrow Thanksgiving night whatever WLVJ which currently offers Christian programming on 640 a.m. changes base of operations to 1040 a.m. or signal cause who they'll want to hear that. Both stations which are retained occur call letters are owned by James Crystal Broadcasting the switches being made to expand the reach of the music stations 640 is a more powerful signal in 1040 when the transition is complete WJ and is expected to be available from southern parts of the county to port saying loosely despite the switch to last potent opposition WLVJ will be available throughout broad and public counties according to general manager Steve Lappa oh brother we know about him from the moment it settles into its new top position WJ and he'll be playing holiday music through Christmas day let's hear it okay for WJ and a. Aren't you excited about that Frank Sinatra Benny Goodman that's strong little friend measurements after the decision on movement. We need a leader who will give us back on track. Maybe it's time we had a president's left. All right. I've seen him on TV just a minute so close. I heard his running mate like just being jailed young. His name is Colin Paul. He's a couple of the two people that have the latest call. He's the leader of the past. Some folks, he's a close in my place, say they're in a way. What's the time they change? No, that's next one. 9.32 or 5.60 WCM. This patch you just sent me is one of the most amusing of all time. It goes to Sherry time to catch usual spoiler crap. Because if I have to choose between believing the facts or believing little Tommy bald head of Jika. I'll go with the facts. It says, do you know, please have faith in this facts. While I heard Jika's comments on the radio station WGNA, I must totally disagree with this column. I'm the writer who wrote you yesterday and is someone who drives a truck with an AM radio. I listen to 1040 AM each day for about five hours. I certainly hope those five hours aren't like around 9 AM to 1 PM, and he's obviously now he's not least listening to us. While only on occasion they will slip in a real moldy oldie, they play mostly 60 stuff with plenty of eagles. Fleetwood Max Chicago Vogue's, etc., a very refreshing change, proving once again. And reference to Tom Jika, proving once again, any asshole who thought Alph was entertaining should probably start begging groceries for living. I stand by yesterday's letter thanks, and we thank you for giving us the facts on your facts. Frank Sinatra and Barbara Streisza and my ass. He writes a column like that, it gives the impression that it's one of those stations. It's like a throwback. I mean that's stuff when I would nickers and I button shoes man. That one I would like men's two-piece bathing suits. And you guys didn't even see smallville last night's shame on you. Shame on you. That was pretty emotional. And Clark actually was kissing at Wolf. While she was at Wolf. She's a wolf in hot babes clothing. And of course we went to commercial there. We didn't actually see what happened after that emotional kiss in the cave. Got only knows what happened in there. Scourge scored. I doubt it. And then at the end of the show, Lana just weeping falls into Clark's arms because she got the Carl at what's his name. So you do know what's his name. Whitney Whitney. See, Miguel's got a thing for Whitney, like Splong guys. Whitney is missing an action. He's MIA. I'm saving this fact. I'm out of frame it. And that's going to be the assignment for Carlos. Can you remember this? Sure. Go. You're way home today. Now let's see. 1040. It's still a haven't changed frequencies yet. And you're going to have to do it today because otherwise they're going to be playing just holiday and Christmas music starting like tomorrow. Tomorrow night. So when you're way home today, 2 in 1040, WJN, A. Sounds like a Canadian station to me. And just give us a report on Friday of what they're playing. Okay. Mark that down and mark it right underneath it. So think you've got noted in 1230. Mind the old man that the football game's on. You got that on CBS. You got it up. All right. Speaking of Thanksgiving, the first Thanksgiving or Korean, and I'm just getting my stuff out of the way here right now. Okay. Once I clear the deck, which I don't have all that much that is, I got a pile here half way to the ceiling. Too much really sad to stuff. I've never got, I know a lot never get to a lot of this stuff. But it's just, there's a lot of good stuff in here, but I'll never get to it. But anyway, the important stuff. The really earthshaking earthshattering like that kid that washed up on sure with those other acubes. I'm sure Ali on is just very emotional about that backing cube. Probably wants to come back here and buy the kid a happy meal. When you think? But celebrate Christmas together. Yeah. Let's celebrate Christmas by having our welcome over and check out your penis. See, I keep mentioning that because both of these guys both Carlisle and McGill are, and George as well, if he were there today, which he's not incredibly embarrassed because back during those days when that nasty crap was going on, it was suggested. Oh, this is a common thing in Cuban families. This is a custom. I had never heard of that before that day. That grandma, there's check out little kids' penises to see if they're growing. Never, never, ever, ever, ever before had ever even heard of any such thing. Father or tool buddy, he said he thought it was pretty good idea. First Thanksgiving occurred in Florida researchers says, Let's hear it. Oh, right. Haft and good for Florida maybe. Michael Ganon says he is known in Massachusetts as the Grinch who stole Thanksgiving after the current was the Spanish and not the pilgrims who first celebrated Thanksgiving in the New World. Ganon, a university of Florida history professor, a geeter, said the first Thanksgiving and a permanent settlement occurred in September 8th, 1565 and say Augustine. Pedro Menendez, Dave Avales and 800 Spanish settlers celebrated a massive Thanksgiving and invited the native Sealoy, tragologically beside the site he said, Did I tell you, say, Augustine is older than sawdust? Ancient. It was the first community active religion on Thanksgiving and the first permanent European settlement in the land. Ganon wrote his 1965 book across in the sand. The pilgrims didn't have their first Thanksgiving meal till 1621, a full 56 years after the Spanish. Menendez and his father was probably died on Cocito, a Stu mate from Salved Pork and Garbanzo beans, laced with garbage seasoning. Hard sea biscuits and red wine said Ganon, based on what the Spanish had aboard their ships. Cocito, did we hear that? Nope. Nope. Is the... If the Cibo Indians contributed food that the men you could have included while Turkey, Venison, go for a tortoise, mallet, corn, beans, and squash Ganon said and just take they didn't even have a vino back in those days. Go for a tortoise or go for the gold. Father Francisco Lopez de Mendoza Grajales. Oh, I love that. I'd like to say that about a hundred times today. Father Francisco Lopez de Mendoza Grajales, that's what the J. Am I saying that right? It's all right. Celebrated the first mass on that day and he reflected in his personal chronicle at the Indian's imitated Ollie Sardon. The first nice giving is recounted by Ganon and we gathered together in article published in his Invist Months in Augustine Catlick, the publication of the Catholic Dices of Saint Augustine. The 1565 celebration wasn't the first Thanksgiving Ganon said numerous Thanksgiving's for a safe voyage and lining had been made in Florida by such explorers as Juan Ponce de Lyons in 1513 and 1521, Penn Field or the Navadres in 1528, Fernando de Sudo in 1529, Father Luis Concert de Ba'Barastro in 1549 and Triston de Luna in 1559. But none of them had a name like Father Francisco Lopez de Mendoza Grajales. I love them. And even this, oh, I got to have a father Francisco Lopez de Mendoza Grajales. The French who came to the Saint John's River in Jacksonville in 1562 and we're an aide de la Lodaniere in 1564 also offered parisotang's giving well before the pilgrims get in. So the pilgrims are giant to come late, please. They took credit for the whole thing, but they were like way down the line. Here's something I predicted on his show, months and months and months a long time ago. A lot of the people were touting it on his station, which since we draw the line at the line at the line, I won't mention no names. Look at the way Rickon says they're pulling away from the pack on our pool. Who would you like to hear 6 to 9 am on QAM Rickon says 49? Is that incredible? I'm surprised. 49 for Rickon said so far. Out of the first 115 votes, I wouldn't listen no matter what, 21. Now I'd say those probably would be Howard's firms people, but I don't know because he's still on now. The first team, Joe Gellian, D.O. 15, maybe Howard ran out of Lispens this morning. Paul Castro over 13. Hey listen Paul, no matter how much you try to line, load up this pool and it can help you not get tired. This is just for fun. I'm happy with Mo 6, Ron and Ron 6, classical music 5. We're getting to the assoul even in momentarily. And that has said note the solar going out of business. They're leaving? That's the. Yep. We have no solar. We have no solar and Miami, Dijk basketball leaves time. My. And low. This is for three of my 60s. Two. Two. Two. You're a smile. Several years ago, here on this week, we're going to be really good to climb, we're really going to do that course. So Eddie might have helped and have an am 되는데. From the twisted minds who watch you Halloween comes an entirely new dimension in horror. Don't look in the oven or you'll experience the stock naked teller that he is. Thanksgiving! A family just like yours. It's a bird that was once alive. Hmm, and they eat since they feel like they're going to explode. Oh, go! But it doesn't stop there. Uncle Luther! No, it's time to entertain me in law. Is that fish I smell or that dog? I'm allergic enough. And you think they're never going to leave. So where do I put these two gays in? And just when you thought you could escape by watching TV, you'd discover there is no way out. Now game number two, of our holiday NFL quadruple header. Very risky. The annual terror is fact. Plus that a good land. Salt laying in a dining room near you. 946 and 560WQM. What they say these are the times the trimmons soul. Okay. Is that what they said? Yeah, that's what they said. Financial was forced the soul out of my alley. Oh, no! Maybe we could use the good exercises now. The son has said on the soul, says the son Sentinel. Siting financial difficulties need to concentrate on myemies NBA team. Eric Loverthy, he groups president of business operations, is expected to announce that the organization and the WNB have decided to see a cease operation in Miami as predicted on this show, probably right around the time they started. Did that tell you that the deck ball would never make it in this town? Yes, you did. Woolworth spent most of the day on the phone with the WNB office owner Mickey Erison referred all questions to Woolworth during two nights heat game against the LA Lakers. Woolworth, Eric Loverthy, always used to like his five-and-dimes to his a lot. Woolworth City was instructed by WNB, do they still have Woolworths or are they out of business? Not that here anyway. I haven't seen him. Woolworth City was instructed by WNB officials not to release any information on the heat group returning to the franchise to the league we shall relocate to team. We were told by the Board of Governors not to make any comment, Woolworth said. Due to the six-year-old women's basketball league or the three-year-old soul have ever turned a profit, the league officials wouldn't say how much money the team lost since his inaugural season in 2000. You could bet your bottom dollar it's a bundle. It is estimated that the company spent $2 million this year, then included coaches salaries plus the players housing car rental travel to food expenses. The league paid the players salaries the league is only collected by the NBA owners. We knew that the team ownership felt the team had run its course in Miami with Emmet De Helm. Didn't we also lose our good buddy Ray Hudson and the soccer team diffusion not too long ago? We're soccer. Oh, how do you like that? What is going on in that town for crying out loud? It's as rare hits in Miami fusions head courts and I love the queen of so-flard our new Roger's should be in Brooklyn and Palace but we'll keep him here. Oh, too bad we couldn't keep you here right we'd have a team but he had a good sense of humor. Miami is the second team to be cut loose by NBA franchise this year. The Orlando miracle was disbanded earlier this year their motto was if anybody comes to see us play it's a miracle. Several other WNBA franchises have been rumored to be considering relocating to San Antonio including the Detroit shock. The Charlotte sting and the Utah stars that's with two Z's the stars. The soul was never mentioned making today's expected announcement more stunning. How do you like them apples huh? Miami loses its soul that should have been a headline on a front page of the paper right under the new alien better than that sun sets think. High Jack are confessed under threat of castration I like this story. This is from the UK independent newspaper. The Arab is really citizen accused of attempting to hijack an aircraft and flight into a building city yesterday that he never tried to seize the controls. Tawfique Fuchs arrayed. See, well said he confessed when Turkish police threatened to castrate him. Mr. Fuchsra, that's for short. He was also Palestinian with Israeli citizenship as being held in a Turkish prison after being accused of trying to hijack an LL flight from Tel Aviv to Istanbul on November 17. LL portrayed the incident as proof of the efficiency of its security. Mr. Fuchsra was wrestled under the floor by two security guards posing as passengers. Mr. Fuchsra claimed an interview with Israel's Ha'ar Res News paper that never tried to hijack the aircraft. He said he instead had an altercation with a stewardess. Mr. Fuchsra told Ha'ar Resi was angry because as an Arab he had to endure extra security checks in Tel Aviv airport. I was nervous on the flight he said it was the first time I ever flew. I got up before landing in the store as yelled at me. I shouted back in the security guards' pants on me. I felt at the ground. I don't have any more memory of what happened after that. There were wildly differing versions of the events on the flight. Mr. Fuchsra's version of Tawfique Fuchsra's would some of the earlier counts. But several passengers said they saw him try to break it in the cockpit. Last week the Israeli government described the incident as a terror attack. Mr. Fuchsra said he confessed under the arrest from Turkish interrogators. They told me that they cast rate anyone who doesn't cooperate with him. So I told him anything they wanted to hear he said. That's the way to do it. We have to be doing that down there and get over with Al Qaeda. Yep. Either answer the questions or we'll cut your balls off. That's the way to do it. Still this pussyfoot in the round. Is it 12.30 yet? Is it a Patriot game on? Five more minutes. Okay. I'm very serious about that because you know me when you get old and people like me. Can't you remember to put your shirt on in the morning? That's why I'm sitting here in my shorts. No socks? Nice and comfy. Gonna make it almost at 28 degrees today. The sunny shine and blue sky is beautiful. Every time somebody gets on there before the show like Troy Strattford. Oh, you freezing your ass off up there? No. Got a whole bunch of snow? No. None. It's beautiful. It's so high as they say. As they say in Turkey, it's a real mahaya. Who would you like to hear 6 to 9 a.m. on WQM is our pull quite today. A very important programming a pull right at the holidays. Very, very crucial. 152 votes so far. Rick and Sads pulling away 72 votes. 47.3% of any of Raj's audience wants their Rick and Sads in the morning. I would listen no matter what you pass put on 24. The first team, Joe Gjell the in D4, 18 people want that back. Paul Castro, how about that interesting? Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Isn't that something he still stuck there at 13? And I was about 20 minutes ago and I said, don't bother trying to load up the pull Paul because no matter what you're not getting hired on this station, all of a sudden, I guess he went away. Don't take it personal Paul unless you want to. 13 for the polyman. Classical music 10. Ron and Ron 9, I'm happy with Mo. 6 did last. Boy. But don't get me involved in that because you know how we do it on this show, don't you? We draw the line at night. Right. Thanks Robert. Backstabber. Well, I don't have. Never that Herbert Philberg thing I let three lives since before your time. Wait before. About the counterspie. If a further was a guy qualified to be a counterspie as Robert the Greek band. Boy. He's all over the place. Even he and the best part of his, even he doesn't know which side he's on. Because he enjoys it so much. He enjoys all the backstabbing so much. At least 85 people fall ill aboard cruise ship. This isn't the same old story. This is a new one. I don't know. What am I ever going to have to say to get you people to stop wasting your money on those cruises? There is nothing good going to happen on a cruise ship. Okay. You're going to get sick. You're going to get caught in a hurricane somewhere. Some crap. You're going to fall overboard. You're going to get seasick. All these things. Your wife or girlfriend is going to get raped. Disney Cruise Line said yesterday at least 85 people are reporting flu-like symptoms. Four days into a seven day cruise to the Western Caribbean aboard the cruise ship magic. Maybe they can rename it tragic. Disney spokesman Mark Terronsky said the former head of the Center for Disease Control and Prevention Vessel Sanitation Program. Don Turner has been hired and funded the came and I was to join the ship today. How about those least by the way? Pulled it out of their ass. Boy, I've got it. It either beagle played pretty weak last night. But they wanted five to four be washed in last night. Panthers in LA tonight are recurring that game you bet you we are. Panthers at the LA Kings we got the shithole panther preview attend and a panther in the King's 1039. No more ties please. I swin would be nice. Do I have a one again since what? Is it about two three years ago? We got mad dog at one. We got the Emperor at three. On and comfort. Well today we forth Thanksgiving. So it's good that we all worked the full four hours. None of the other pussy put in around. And then we got the big seven tonight as he warms up for tomorrow's big one to five show. Anyway, he's there because of his years of expertise overseeing clean up to Ranski said he can work with our experts aboard the ship to make sure everything is safe and get this thing out of control. Yeah right. Yeah they're going to have a meeting at Louise in the Bronx where he'll be safe. The Disney spokesman described the sickness as like the flu and said the symptoms are mostly vomiting. Oh lovely. On diarrhea. The CDC tells us it appears to be spread by person to person contact Ranski said. But the cruise line said the CDC is not excluded other possible sources including food or water contamination. Yeah. Disney also dispatched to Walt Disney World microbiologist help oversee steps to sanitize the ship. How do you like them apples? So I just keep tapping like an epidemic of these. And of course we had that Holland that I'm still on deal. That ship. The ship from hell. There's only two more important things that I've definitely, but maybe three that I definitely got to get to here before I unleash all of this good. And you notice a lot of the stuff most of the stuff I'm playing today. We haven't heard about 100 years. Have you noticed that or not? Yeah. Well what's wrong with that? Nothing. You'll sound too enthusiastic about it. If I haven't gotten to the real good stuff, I'm holding back. Just a little bit of a tease. Teeth. Okay. This is a gal man. It's pretty obvious to me that the George has gotten to him. No seriously. But he told you that business about why I do not get paid for this anyways. So I'm pretty soon he's going to want to get paid for by the word. Fifty-fent. Like John Davidson, a hockey guy. I want to get paid by the word. Sext shop makes religious conversion cells vibbles instead. Let's hear it. Oh. Born again. Putny can tucky. Name after our close personal friend Michael Puthy channel 10. In his mountain community made up of largely conservative Christians, Michael Brathway and his adult mavelies shop didn't fit in. Church going neighbors did everything they could to close him down. Nothing worked until a higher power intervened. Brathway with tears pulling in his eyes have got persuaded him to close the shop. Burn the sex toys he had in stock. And open a viable bookstore in its place. Oh right. A pile of ashes in his parking lot is all that remains of the viborators. Leather goods books and other porn parapherfine. I sure hope the women that come in there don't confuse them. Viborators you know what? Remember that scene in the exorcist? Let Jesus morally I couldn't sell the name long to reset it something you can't do when you saved. Sanktify them filled with the holy ghost. Holy crap. Now neighbors are embracing Brathway helping him to restock his five-year-old store with Christian merchandise and groceries for him as wife and daughter until his new business begins to turn a profit. Let's hear it. We're not good to best business in a world baby that good old time religion. I've got to local this is life 60. The rears of yours. Oh, how cute. How are they David? Sitants to die for a crime he didn't commit. We're gonna fight him fam. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, there's soem content. He's a secured father, a little blitz. The That's the one on demand. I didn't do it. He's the one. I'm currently Howard. Oh, don't do it. Yeah. Well, don't do it too. Right at all for. I totally was good stuff coming tonight. Yeah, you did. Are you didn't like that? I like that. 10 or 2560. I'll tell you something. I am lost. I don't think I've ever done this before. I'm doing a show today because of the habit. This is, may sound like an excuse, which it is. But I have it to do a show on Thanksgiving every year. So I've convinced myself that this is Thanksgiving day. It's Thanksgiving day. There's no football game on today. And you assholes there. You both going along with it. Yeah. You guys thought the football game was today. You guys. I know you both. You both. Both of you were saying, oh, yeah. Or mind you 12 30. It's on CBS. You don't know what's going on. But I even wrote this. Oh, we care. You both are doing so many drugs before you get started every morning. And by the time kids to be on a clock, you haven't had any idea. What planet you run much less what day it is. No, I thought you wanted us to remind you for tomorrow. I wrote the note down, Nudge at 12 30. No, G. It's okay. Nudge this. Thanks, give me a good answer. Thanks. Good answer. And also, and by Eric, we don't want to bother you. I know it's a day before Thanksgiving. You're probably in training for tomorrow. But we do have to make. I didn't mean Ron and Ron. I meant Bob and Tom. And again, I'm just lost today. I just had a brain fart. Sorry. So thanks to my close to personal friend here who's chronic facts here for a while. And to me, and of course, probably said, I noticed a lot of phones flash and earlier. And we're not answering the phones because we don't want to put pressure on the audience. Have to call him today on this holiday show. But they're probably saying, hey, any asshole, why don't you get it right? Okay. So why do we even the right? That's me. I at least I fess up to it. I'm a moron. Maybe this in the present. Maybe it's me she was talking about. I don't think you thought you wanted us to remind you to more. You want to meet her with my get more. No, I thought it was today. We just shut up. What? What? Why? You're behind? How about Bob and Tom? We don't want Ron and Ron on. Although they will leave him on there and then put Bob and Tom on also. We can leave Ron and Ron. They got 12 votes. There's certainly not in last place. Anyway, who would you like to hear 69.nm? You can be sure and get Bob and Tom on the air. I don't want to get push. I know you're in a lot of pressure. You're not getting any sleep. You're a bad man. You work like an overwork like crazy. By the way, do you ever get that stuff from him about those links? No. The only links he knows about are the Jimmy Deans. Those are the only links he cares about. You need about 3-4 packages that people even get out of the second morning. Rick and says 95. I wouldn't listen no matter what 29. The first team, Joe Gelldy and Depot, they want the boys back 23. Classical music 15. I think they would be appropriate for the show to be followed. They told it and that stuff don't you? Yeah. Paul Castro Nova 14, he voted again. Running run 12 and I'm happy with Mo. Boy, we draw the line at the eye and that's how many votes he's got too. So, thanks for reminding me because how could I have met Bob and Tom. I didn't mean running Rob. But since they got a few votes, any people that don't exist anymore, please don't mind there's just for kicks. Here's the story I've had meaning to get too because you know what a dog lover I am and I feel really bad. We're not doing a fundraiser this year. For what would it help us in able to place pet animal pet rescue? A band of animals. A band of whatever hell is a band of pet rescue. And that's because Miguel is lazy and because he doesn't get any help from fat to rein back there who's the busier eating Doritos and the Twinkies. And so we didn't want to take the whole project on by himself this year. Plus it's just I don't know. It just doesn't want to have it. What? You're the one who said no. That was the second time. That was after I said let's go ahead and do it anyway. No, originally I was told no. I was told you don't really want to do this. Do you don't want to do it? Do you? We're not doing it. Do you? I who who told you that? You and George. Well George told me that directly. He said you were the one who didn't want to be bothered with it because you have to do all the work. No. So either you're calling George a liar while you're calling our lives on the air. I love it. I said that was great and Amsterdam. That was that was some good times. What did I do? Two shows from there some good. I wasn't really such good times because I was sick the whole damn time with that. That's that. That's sinus infection. But those were had pretty interesting because Miguel and George were like a hostile just ripping each other like crazy. I just had a sit back and you know. And what's the spectacle? The spectacle. Fifteen thousand years with man's best friend. Tight bond between dogs and masters. Unless we search surprises according to CNN.com. About 15,000 years of friendship between man and dog of help man's best friend to develop the unique ways of understanding humans. Abilities that still are some of the stories to scientist and dog lover civil study released this week. Don't forget remind me that football game. Okay. Whether it's a big old but send you your bass at home. Scientists say dogs all over the globe descended from one common ancestor. Probably somewhere in East Asia about 15,000 years ago. And they have followed man through his migrations over the earth. Dogs are an important part of our human history until now there hasn't been much common knowledge. Only a lot of common guessing about their origins said Peter Savalinen. A geneticist at the Royal Institute of Technology and Stockholm Sweden. You know that Hans Blixley cheap weapons inspector but an Iraq. Right. He's a sweet. Did you know that? I thought he was Dutch. That name sounds very Dutch to me. Hans Blix. He's a sheed. Which means he probably don't like to Jews too much. But then again who does? Three studies in this week science magazine provide evidence that early humans had domesticated grey walls by the ten they crossed the bearing straight to settle a new world. 12 to 14,000 years ago. DNA analysis of dogs worldwide showed the most genetic diversity in East Asia. Meaning dogs would likely have been domesticated there the longest. Another study that compared old and new world dogs found that keenines in north and south America also descended from that same Eurasian mother. We know that dogs read. Why? What do you say about whose mother? I say you mama. We know that dogs were useful for lots of things in stone age culture as draft animals as in hunting for warmfen protection. So Jennifer later they post doctoral fellow piece of the institution's national museum of natural history. And ensuring food, shelter, survival and play modern dogs have somehow genetically acquired an insight about humans that is earned then the title of van's best friend. It looks like dogs really do understand what we're trying to tell them that they're thinking about what we want. And they understand what that we're trying to communicate to Brian here of Harvard University. You want to see one of the studies. Do you ever wonder that what dogs are thinking? Seriously, we have a one now. Oh, the common. Well, where did that come from? That sounded like one of the things they would wrap in. One of the sports nerd shows. The real bushling drop-ins. Okay, come on. It's in there. It's in where? To the DCS. It is in the DCS under what dog bark. SFX. That's dog. Get out of here. I've never seen that in my life. SFX. I don't even have SFX. That must be something that shrimp boat put in there after our left. That's it. It's not in here. Now, I don't have any of that. Good. Thank goodness. Not only did the dogs hear tested pick up on what human researchers are trying to convey. They surprised scientists by doing much better than other species, even chimpanzees. Here's experiment work in the following manner. A researcher stood near two containers, one of which had food inside, testing dogs, puppies, wolves and chimpanzees. A researcher would send some kiwi to buy looking at or tapping out or putting some mark on the food container. The adult dogs and puppies picked a correct container, far more often than the other chimps of the wolves did, and far more often than chance levels. Controls rule out the possibility that the animal smelled the food. By doing so, the dogs defied the expectations of a lot of scientists. Wolves have bigger brains than dogs, so it was thought the wolves would do better here, and chimpanzees are primates, close to the humans, so it was thought that they would do better. But they didn't. Even the theory that the adult dogs would outperform the puppies because they had spent more time with humans was crushed when puppies as young as nine weeks old successfully picked up on subtle cues from human researchers. Dogs have a talent for reading social cues in a very sophisticated way, here's said. These results are not so surprising as well as you professor and dog behavior expert Patricia McConnell, domestic dogs follow humans like a laser, and watch the behavior of their humans with a focus that is astounding said McConnell, a professor at University of Wisconsin and Madison. This opens up big and interesting questions about our social intelligence as passed on genetically. But McConnell said what's not yet understood is which of the cues that humans give are the one dogs pick out as relevant. Perhaps you've taught you dog to sit and you want to show this off to your friends McConnell say, you say sit, but he just looks at you. What do you think Brian Murray says to his dog when he wants it to sit? The dog she said might have learned to sit, not by words, but by how your head was turned to what your body language was when he was learning. If those things are different in a room full of people, the command sit may not do the trick. These visual clues can be critical said McConnell often work with their works with aggressive dogs in difference of a quarter of an inch in a human's head movement can be the difference between a calm dog and one that attacks. How do you like that? Scary. But with one common ancestor why the vast differences in size shape and skills between shepherds and shitsu's bullmastiffs in border collies that ask? And I didn't make that up and say shitsu's right here. That's all the work of humans not genetics. It says people start creating designer dogs about 500 years ago said self-ename in the genesis at the RIT. That's the world Institute of Technology, not the Rochester Institute of Technology right across the lake. Upper classes started breeding better hunting and hurting dogs than cuter lap dogs. The American cattle club now recognizes 150 breeds and they're all keeping a watchful eye over there. They're humans that says here. And they kind of look a nice little piece on dogs during the holidays. Then we love our dogs. And two bad we didn't raise a whole lot of money for dogs this year for abandoned per rescue. But Miguel was just you know. Right. I think you're right. It's Georgia's fault. Lazy spik spook the faults. No, I know it's Georgia's fault because he's not there today. True. Seriously, he's lazy. He don't want to be bothered with it. He might have to make a mistake. What? He's the first one to say he's lazy. Right. So I'm not talking behind his back. I'll tell him the same thing when he comes back next week. He's a lazy spik who's gotten like, you know. He always knows that I'll be there like to go to bad for him when somebody. The unmentsible one try to get his ass canned. I'm always there to go to bad and scream in horror. When he needs a new contract, I'll get my lawyer to go in this scream in horror and try to get a whole A Greg and get him like another couple of cents an hour. Stuff like that. Nothing worse than spoiling the people around you, Carlos. So as a result of that, just to use you as an example. This paycheck you got the other day in the 25th on Monday. Right. That was the last one for a while. Thank you. It's okay. Learn a little bit of respect. Twelve minutes after 10 is 5. 60W. You can look at that poll. Rick and Sudger off to the races. Maybe 105. Who'd you like the year 6th and 9A among QM? Previous to this show every day. Rick and Sudger 105. I wouldn't listen no matter what you put on there. 35. The first team, Joe Gellley and Defoe 25. Classical music 15. Paul Castredomo 15. Your second win, Paul. Ron and Ron 14. I'm happy with Moe 11. And Bob and Tom got a vote. We just put them on there. If they'd been out from the beginning, they had some votes. They're great. We love Bob and Tom on his show. Oh, we do. And they love us. Twelve minutes after 10 is 5. 60W QM. You know it's the most wonderful time of the year or so they say. I should start that again. You know what? Please. Well, I guess I didn't like pause for. I'm sorry. It's the most wonderful time of the year or so they say. However they are. But if you're in need of a new mattress and sure on time, you really want to be slumping around town fighting traffic lines and parking. Of course you don't. Then do what I always do called that a mattress. Tool-free 1800 mattress. That a mattress makes it easy to buy a bed call 100 mattress right now. An expert bed in consultant will help you find the right bed at the best possible price. The whole ordering process takes less than 5 minutes on average. Don't be fooled by the store so called sales. Dalama-Prossofers Great low prices every day with no showroom shell games. Dalama-Prossofers Great low prices every day with no showroom shell games. Dalama-Prossofers Great low prices every day with no showroom shell games. Dalama-Prossofers Great low prices every day with no showroom shell games. Dalama-Prossofers Great low prices every day with no showroom shell games. Dalama-Prossofers Great low prices every day with no showroom shell games. Dalama-Prossofers Great low prices every day with no showroom shell games. Dalama-Prossofers They will ride a footcracker showroom shell games in the abyss. Do Latan bought this for the enjoyment of the 21st century Gita Africa? For the first time I decided to train everyone but if you didn't know that I will teach An Contrary to have me teaching A economical series. Women have seen After all 40 reasons in Leap Regional Automars last week. Let's do K парatively! They glare directly to the Borch тяж slums of land. We are goingstart the market tomorrow and doesn't let the farmers grow to be present to the하고 market. During several rehearsal periods daughters 38% of the day society are watchingging Police stop my car. The police make me stop. Walk this way. The line and blow it by the owner. Police stop my car. Police stop my car. The police make me stop. Walk this way. Line and blow it by the owner. They want to wish me a soul that is must. They want to wish me a soul that is must. They say they just make me sure that there is no other must. They want to wish me a soul that is must. That's why I have to pull me over this must. They say they just make me sure that there is no open must. They make me stop. Police stop my car. Police stop my car. The police stop my car. Police stop my car. Police stop my car. Police stop my car. Police stop my car. They want to wish me a soul that is must. races and Miguel will be their two-night at Treasure Island. Yep. Join George for Happy Hour tonight, Treasure Island 5-7-1-1, stop by to win our usual QAM low budget crappy and versing prizes, and enjoy drink special stew. Treasure Island just knows that the 122nd spring eggs are off the pulmeto. No special hotbait there tonight? Nope. They're all hotpaves. How about the fat boy? Can't give much hotter than that. And 37 votes on the pool, who would you like to hear 6-9-AM's on QAM? Rick and Sons 117-47% of this crowd. Shocking. Like I said, it just changed again 113, 46.5% of this crowd. I would listen a matter of what 39. The first team, Joe Geldy and Defoe 29. Paul Castron over 17. No chance, Paul. Ron and Ron 16. That's interesting, are you guys that don't even the day more together anymore, they got 16 votes. What does that tell ya? Classical music 16, I'm happy with MoE 11, and Bob and Tom already have got a pair. Don't forget why me that football game club for... ...could game show it now. On CBS. You got foul memories that must be. Fifty ways to meet leftovers. Fifty ways to meet leftovers. You just slavin' on grand chat. How about Thanksgiving's over, no you've got foul memories that must be. Fifty ways to meet leftovers. Fifty ways to meet leftovers. You just slavin' on grand chat. How about a souffle, right? Fuck you five times, guys. Don't forget to meet. Put it on stiff dip. And you're the quick lead. Don't catch too much doomsday. But don't give it to me. Somehow inside the fridge, it took me multiple plans. I'm beaten so much that it's comin' out my eyes. When you start some lazy brush touches from that must be. Fifty ways to meet leftovers. Fifty ways to meet leftovers. You're cooking ice, didn't you, Lou? Make it a shake, shake. Take it on car, you money. Don't give it to me. It's nothing but real, Bill. It's making the set, chill. I'm way overfed, friend. Don't give it to me. You just slavin' on grand chat. How about a souffle, right? The problem is on inside of it, she's said to me. But the answer is easy if you've practiced or a lead. You must enhance your full play, kind of make me leave. It must be fifty ways to each another. Fifty ways to each another. Life's not on a bad jack. Go down on a plan, say. Use a vibrating towel and roll. Just listen to me. Roll. Get it out for bed, shit. Don't give it to my bad suit, way. Get more capital T, please. Too sad, stardee. I said I'd treat that act with the utmost disdain. To go south with enough, I'm sorry, I'm afraid. For the few insist, then would you please explain about them? Fifty ways to each another. Fifty ways to each another. Just keep on the tree of GM. Fucker up on a beast, Steve. It needs to be that pie, yeah. Now listen to me. Down above, no. Just hear that enough touch. Small capital T, baby. Too sad, man. It can strike any other. Jump, jump, jump. It's a tragedy of sexual stuttering. It frustrates you, and it infuriates the guy in the apartment next door. Jump, jump, jump. What you say you've saved already? You're thinking he's kicked over here. You sexual stuttering, it looks you. Take heart. Jump, jump, jump. I said it, jump. You're my name is Bob. To get on the road to recovery, call the sexual stuttering upline. And 1-800-O-O-O-O-O. Just OTH! You turned me into a piece of crap to me And I leave you but words Whatever happened to the right to love me too We made my go-tox and wand, we've rather... You're young, wouldn't I? This much, we use my as a crush And now we feel so cheap, so easy, so easy Like this song that we're... I'm not a trap man, we'll believe But should not we ever... I'm looking all the further... I'm not a trap man, we're not a trap man I'm not a trap man, we're not a trap man I'm not a trap man, we're not a trap man So what do you think is going to be next? Is it going to be harm a car and you'll ring the window? Hopefully, ring the window I think 26, that was Carlos who said that And he all liked the drummer, okay? Look what happened Dennis Wilson, he's dead Let's talk about famous drummers who are dead to show him Did a plenty silly comedy bits, let's play comedy bits So what a clock is what we're going to do because it's Thanksgiving day Don't forget about that football game I'm serious, I said here thinking that it was Thanksgiving day Now when I started, but as we got into this, you know about like a 30 seconds into what? And I'm thinking about the football game and about, I don't know That's what happens when you get old in people man And if back when you get old or even if you're young, you ought to be taking good supplements To help you stay in good health In fact, I'm sure have one to help your mind We've talked about that in the past and all you'll need to do All you'll need to do is to make a minimum of our advanced combinations To the best olive oil you'll find anywhere along with vitamins, minerals, or animals And combine with other nutrients as well Scientificly decided to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs Like I said, they even got one for your mind Which I better start taking right away Look for all your meds three new formulas they have one to help you sleep One to help you control your weight And co-q 10 which is so important for your heart All using the benefits of the purest, the finest, the best this is olive oil you find anywhere Only a month and outstanding new products that's available all over the town Pick up something that you're nearby public records or wall greens store Make sure you know you shop at the right wall greens For more information call Oliomed toll free at 1-86-Oliomed That's 1-86-6-6-5-366-333 It can also order their products online Your website b-o-o-o-mo-america.com And one of the most striking announcements of our lifetime If you visit your nearest publics and buy an Oliomed product in data-brower You can get you a coupon for a free, Larry Cochor Babelhead doll Oh my God Well supplies last Don't forget to visit their sampling bird in its fourth town of Ysunday When it often's playing home games, pick up some free Oliomed samples and product information And for your health start popping some in your post today I know this port where you're quite sick You way out This is the new Roger show This is your brain Any questions? What's smelling mint? Introduces the definitive collection for the anorettent But these things are the species series Yes, we are pleased to pass on to you The most exotic animal droppings collection of the Roger day Our anoretted replicas are handcraft of the finest putter Order today and your first stool will arrive in two weeks Classic couches Ah, real you can almost smell Your marbler retention should attain And be amazed at the enormity of the elephant and the cuteness of the bunny bullet Order today and you'll receive our special bird since See what it looks like before it hits your windshield Here are the this powerful moon There's no time to waste Corner the feces of a species collection is going fast There was in no farmer who lived on Iran He sat in the middle just shaking his fist at some boys who were down by the prick There feeding the water there and on their marbles and playthings and had past 4 There came a young lady she looked like a pretty young creature She sat on the grass she pulled up her dress and she showed them her ripples and leases And white blood feet dark she said she was learning a new way to bring up her children So they would not spin while the boys in the barnyard were shoveling Reptues and later from yesterday's hunt while the girl in the middle was robbing her eyes at the fellow Down by the guy he looked like a man with a size of a home in the country with a big fence up front He'd be asked her phone lightly she showed him her little pet dog who was subject to fish And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender hands with the movement so quick And then she'd been over and suck out his candy so tasty made a butter scotch And then he spread whipped cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf If you think this is dirty you can go fuck yourself As I was watching my TV one day Oh man came on the two of them told me nature where the surps were firing shots again And I said Does anybody really know where Bosnia is? Can anybody tell me where? I'll be here before you change in all the time I can't keep up so I don't try I thought that what would stop so deep these days But rushes affected in MCM this is all no watch all night and day So I say Does anybody really know where Bosnia is? No, can anybody tell me where? Oh, you know how to muscle apologize for the world And I'm not trying to be your wife's guy Can anybody tell me where? Bosnia is a show I don't know I don't know Oh, don't lie All the hard burn Don't go, don't forget me I'm a sheep Don't go, don't go, don't go I'm a sheep He's president of the school Repiling in muscle and in our kingdom and in it I don't know why They won't want to die but no need to hear First proof of that for you With president of the school Oh, what I get to know Bosnia's mom and get to we all hold it more If you want this Come to the floor Let's run and see if you need No, no, no, no, no I'm this drunk and rich kid Don't go, don't forget me I'm a sheep He's president of the school Yeah, don't care what it is You got to me and buy hooker and hooker The Chris, we're all in No, but Chris, you and I But he's all clear We've got a great leader here With president of the school John Well, Junior All Crowns Conc polarization It was headed from Bologna to Patti and a stop in Lyon and landed everybody safe and everything they got the gun custody And it's not a terrorist hijacking. You don't look like it's a little crazy person. How unusual and is But of course it's breaking news because CNN's got to hyperventilate and so does everybody else Every news there is breaking it right happy thanksgiving to the city of Northeim He parks a migration department from joys all stars says this facts. I have no idea what it means P.S. bring back softball to Ben Franklin park America's park Former Americans black white Latina with Cedera and Yadiyati. I bring Aliens cousin over to where But I get this. Let's see here's another one shameless request. Can you play president the dumb shmit and the syphilis so what we just One order to a badmout get to the other one even though the onl to be pissed off and foot me to bird again Come on, Dion. What do you say? Let's kiss and make up. Come on. Come on. Yeah Yeah Go watch that head by the way. That'd be a good pull question one day. Who do you think is washed their hat most recently? Dion or Rick Shaw Now Carl of here. I was about to say or me really I never even looked at you that close to notice that even wear a hat It's by looking at anybody that looks like you. I don't think I'd be looking at close anyway And I think with George you know that I'm going to chuck business. That was nasty. That was mean spirit The excuse me and that we already got that freaky carols out front that bitch receptionist queen So we don't want to have two carols So it's not the confused everybody We'll come up with another name for our carols ugly Chuck nice. I think you want to know this gorgeous Georgia something That's why he wanted me to be called them. Yeah, we know about those wrestlers don't you well, it's also called the carrier Another producer yeah Now all of a sudden you're gonna start talking when you know what we don't need you But I don't need to be here at all Did you hear that boy That's a sense Monday since that people magazine pull this this guy hasn't been the same. We just not the same Just lighten up a little bit. Okay. It's the holidays everybody's in a great mood of set you Man that was that was down right nasty. Do you hear that? The vets of it is voice. Whoo. I could feel it all way up here like somebody put a dagger in my back Come back 292 votes on the pool Don't know you start laughing out too late too late. Okay. Oh We've been wounded Go to our close personal friend me now. I told you he turned on us like a rant and that's how to let people wake him in. Yeah. Yeah. I was right Who would you like to hear 6 to 9 a.m on QAM 297 votes Rick and so does 134 I wouldn't listen no matter what you ask. Let's put on 47 the first team Joe Giao di and D for the old first team Like it used to be is 40 Classical music 21 Ron and Ron 19 there is no Ron and Ron, but they beat Castro over by a vote. He's got 18 I'm happy with more 13 not lucky number mole and Bob and Tom five they got in their late late edition Are you gonna be all right now? We're gonna get the testy with us again That's the Did not give you credit for a great line yesterday. I think about Chicago and Illinois Whatever and how I was that was a great line Then you got all emotional about this kid washing up this Cuban kid on short. Just happened the same since 1041 at 560 WQM. Hey new balances done it again Just as that big Thanksgiving meal is gonna make you sit down and relax tomorrow Hey guess what tomorrow Thanksgiving day. Thank you new balance is up all the ones you to be up on your feet Head in for the big after Thanksgiving sale. This is absolutely Possitively the time to talk turkey and new balance they've been putting thousands of people in the most comfortable shoes They've ever felt including my great walking shoes and now it's your turn and the good folks in new balance are gonna help you with 15% off on their entire stock Plus up to 50% off on selected styles What does that mean to you big fat savings new balance is stuffing you with savings at all your athletic and put where needs? Like shoes for cross training running walking or lifting weights are cross dressing New balance wants you to gobble up shoes for any of your weekend warrior activities make the pilgrimage to new balance for the big after Thanksgiving sale with 15% off on style sizes and what's the shoes that you Staffed shop for and now catalogs are male already got that New balances your one stop shop believe in special order for you no extra charge New balances got sizes from infant all the way up to size 20 so the note excuses to keep you away from the big after Thanksgiving sale And you get all the trimmings too like new balance athletic shorts shirts and all styles of athletic socks You can find new balance in for great locations haven't your mall pine crest Volk and town center in the fourth will be their newest location Palm Beach Gardens opening in December 15 to 50% off right now the other stores are turkeys compared to the price service and selection you'll find like I said after Thanksgiving not right now, but like starting Friday What though was that What do you do it over there? Let sure what I hit Carlos done it again like I said it new balance of my me We're gonna kick Carlos's ass What is you Yeah hang this up baby I should have known from the bottom of the air. I didn't know where the urinal ever came. I thought it'd be when you stayed away from a syphilist tool. It took me far to have just seen that night. It smelled the scent of a friend of mine. You got to fix it now, I got it too. So keep away from a syphilist tool here. Can't move away from that girl. Hope that was really cool to run out. Keep away from to. She likes to sleep around. Yes, she did it with my best in her own. We didn't get a shot to come. Now I'm afraid of falling off here for the girl. The sun is falling from the guy who's gone. You just have a hole in sweat, this fog and sproes. And it's getting full of that chiever's news. Okay, so anyway, this was a very, very, very serious hijack. And this guy's like a little minuit and he didn't have a gun. See, talk about the network's jumping to gun. He had a remote control. Is it what they're saying now? You know, like a TV remote control. Dangerous. Maybe he wanted to change channels and they got pissed off or panty. I don't know what that was. But talk about everybody a little bit on edge, okay? Especially during the holidays. This is what's going on. Uh-huh. Speaking of on edge, Henry Kissinger is back again. Maybe we can have peace in our hand. You had one have a peace in your hand? President Bush today named former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger had a new independent investigation of intelligence faders before the 911 terrorist attacks. The announcement came as the President signed the Velotharizing Commission, which the White House resisted until just two months ago. Dr. Kissinger will make broad experience clear thinking and careful judgment of this important task. Mr. Bush said of the signing ceremony and a rose of El Rumor the White House. Mr. Secretary, thank you for returning to the service of your nation, he be Sam. The Commission dubbed the National Commission on Terrorist attacks upon the U.S. as a broad mandate building on the limited joint inquiry conducted by the Husband Scent and Telts and Committees. The independent panel will have 18 months to examine issues such as aviation security, diplomacy, terrorist financing and border problems along with intelligence. You're that Miguel border problems. Uh-oh. Are all those people washing up on our shore lately? The right thing to do is get to the bottom of all the circumstances that led to the 911 attacks and the CEO, we can strengthen and improve the accessibility of protect our country. White House Minister of Information already flags your said. How do you like that? So Henry Kissinger, he just freaking won't go away. Here's Andrew Dice Clay for Dicerone. All right, let's say you're eaten. You're sick and f***ing tired of f***ing potatoes and that's stole top sh***. Do like me, honey. Eat this. Dicerone. Come on, it's almost as simple as you. Put the f***ing bag enough in part and you're turning on the f***ing stole. You think you've been managed at honey? Hey, put up thing up f***ing things done. So remember, Yanky Doodle came the town. Right now, not only stock up further off his acct. Call the Dicerone. Oh, yes, oh, no need. The tap he takes with street ho! Did you ever think when you're your Chinese? It ain't pocket chicken bottle facts, time's easy. Yet the food tastes great, so you don't complain. But that's not chicken in your chicken chow, man. Seems to me I ordered sweet and sour a pork. But got a field on my throat. He's burned here on my fork. There's a cat in the kettle at the begin mode. The place that I eat every day and no. They can feed you cat and you'll never know. Once they're out there, they'll up in no bite. They fire real Kristen, though. Chaolin asked if I wanted more as he was dialing up his body at the home. That's does, had nothing to do. I lost my appetite. That's two cats in my belly and they wand if I, I was sucking on a bullet and the thumbs are too. When I swear I heard it new. And that is when I knew. There's a cat in the kettle at the begin mode. Think I got a stop even there at noon. They say that it's before the show, but it's burned there on my fork. There's a hairball on my fork. They're funky. They're old. They're the California Prue. They're the young cat in the kettle at the begin mode. And your hands to pay you every day. They've got some relief and that's what's left. And so for you we got the cure. Just eat some of our seed as ever in the day. And there's more sugar, so there's a ways. Don't you want that they've been golden-bethased in. You're so pretty. Exxlacks is nice but you don't like fast. Cause you're some wounds that will blast. Underbody, yeah. I'm a party. If you eat, I'm gonna smile. He's a party. California Prue. What a way to go. This is Debbie. Hi, Debbie. I'm interested in getting some operations done. Okay. And some body contouring and some liposuction. And there's wondering if it's from tummy tuck. And lip augmentation because many of the best surgery face there for all of these things. There's wondering. Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing. We don't do that. No. Could you be breast implants though? Uh, I can't be done. The lotion in the basket. Mm-hmm. How much? Uh, 5000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too. Mm-hmm. Lacer surgery. Uh-hmm. Have the lamb stop crying yet? Mommy. Excusory? Don't hurt Mommy's little baby. It puts the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV. Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, we'll have to see you first. And then I'm on looking at you. We can tell you that one is you. Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts? Mommy? Uh, if you'd like to. It puts the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make an appointment? Yes. Okay. Um, there is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine. Okay. Um, my name is Paparol Benel. Okay. Let me get a little information from you. Okay. You might know me. It puts the lotion in the basket. I understand. It puts the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for consultation? It puts the lotion in the basket. In the basket. Okay. Would you like to make an appointment? Do you want to call me back? Yeah. It puts the lotion in the basket. I got my skin shooting in the bone like a... Bill. It puts the lotion in the basket. I understand that. Would you like to put the lotion in the basket? Would you like to make an appointment? It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay. I will talk to you in the time. It puts the lotion in the basket. Hello? I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. How come my herhose gel has no place to live in. How come the two of us come here? I hear the mics. It's the music bands that she plays guitar with. I love the music bands too. But they're pretty if they sing. Everybody Cara's. They are kind of... The coaches. They're now singing. They have very nice guitar.ament. What about social clubs? The freshmen. They have high hopes. The sessions. The freshmen. The freshmen. As for summer. Ah... Yeah, yeah Pailing swim with bloodshed Love gonna push you, yes she is, she'll keep you behind She's got some gold, but tell it's small When loves the time, it's bad, that's all I don't care where skin or bones don't be All I can say is, good, the love stays Love stays, yeah, yeah, love stays She stays, yeah, she's, she's, all stays Yeah, yeah, whole stays Yeah, yeah, love stays, yeah, yeah, love stays She stays, yeah, yeah, love stays Love stays, yeah, yeah, love stays That's a few, six and five, six, you've ever had a QA Yeah, exactly, so how are we making a little progress in our one? What? Well, no earlier, it seemed that you were like non-plus But the stuff I was playing, now I think we're like starting to come along a little bit Okay Join George for happy hour tonight at Treasure Island from 5 to 7 Miguel's gonna be there, maybe he'll be in a better mood at that time Maybe he'll get lucky, maybe he'll get drunk And what was that farting noise that Carlos made on the ear earlier? I took something at a program, if for some reason the board would Crazy when I did that, nice, don't do it again Stop out of it when prized and you're at Drake's specials And in fact, that much of George is gonna be Tom about it any moment now My life and love, this is for sure you'll find a situation You'll wait a few, yeah Kill Nicole These walking, these walking, those walking I'm dead, old Jay's full with grief And my kid, that's the queen of the doing With those camping needs he's skicking Old Jay will soon be free Watch him every day on the TV try The other day I saw him crack his smile Wait for the motion for the big miss try With him and John the Cardman, good to be high five years walking Can't you see, I'm talking, old Jay's deep green And the UV, right back, old ABC Welcome back, baby, Jay's Monday night football We're trying to out map with us, an old friend Just screaming into the head of the house Yeah, there's a person where we're sorry about some of those jobs See, for Buffalo, so we're going to stay I don't know where they're going to lie, there's no big news How's that do you rent a card break in? You think you know what I'm saying? I got the written period, I'm going to get the debate He's walking, guaranteed stand millions For those legal things, so we owe him a bigger party Just walking, listening, I'm hoping But he'll never be the house talking His ex-wife number three Hello, my God, what a day I want one Get him in the perfect college, he even visits the foot And then now, go and stop him, I'm going to be sure to beat that with work If you love those great songs from those great mafia movies, you'll slip over real mob hits Not only does real mob hits give you more of that great mob music But you also get awesome sounds of real mob hits Like look at the ice pick, Fiamma Getting here is at the hundred and six street Bobby shop Forget about it Or who can forget, solidly fish getting the old piano wire across the truck Oh, I can't pick me up If I remember correctly, it was a B flat So what a real mob hits now, if you know what's good for you Just by dialing one eight hundred by the being real mob hits Hey, it's real, forget about it Absolutely, please, you gentlemen, this is Rambol Foreign Fife Oh, you John Rambol's still alive, I want to make movies for him five My life ain't going great, plan to Hollywood's broke Unfortunately, I speak like I had a stroke First blood came in 82 That's when I heard my penis in it never ever grew Rambol 2 was an 85-late Rambol 3 was an 88 And two in my gun I did not make this movie with my son And in every stage, she was in Rocky's life And daylight, and total movie A little bit cashy for what I need I got to get a roll from the power cream I got to have a number of movies Or Broadway show like Denny I just nobody ever spark out the end It was still good, I guess I understand My whole life is about to cave in All I got left is gentlemen, play the head Let me do the job I need to make Rambol Foreign Fife Check it out, so call me up I really need a script, I can do dialogue or keep it zip They like comedy, action, adventure, and drama The only thing I will undo is I'm sex with Alama So give me a break for good news, sake I used to be an opera, now I can't get on Ricky Lake Right now I got a one man show and make him sing Basically I'm an unemployed chipsy A little bit of cashy for what I need I got to get a roll from the power cream I got to have a number of movies Or Broadway show like Denny I guess nobody ever spark out the end It was stupid, so I understand My whole life is about to cave in All I got left is gentlemen, play the head That's why ladies and gentlemen I need to make Rambol Foreign Fife I got to have a book Don't get in that Mercedes Princess, I were begging please Comerazzi's come in, helping you You got to have crash into a wall No rich guys for you Princess, I is gone Princess, I is gone She's really going into a tunnel Hello, walk She's a lovely chap who They say I love his capo Then what we're doing is wrong But I don't care what they say Because my love is so strong They tell us we should be ashamed We're not husband and wife But I cherish each moment with you It's time to solve that In my life You're my prison bitch, my prison bitch You're not like a man I'm glad we share a prison cell When lights go out at 10 I can't clear through a film Now that will appear bright As long as I am doing you I don't mind doing time Call to a bar Prison bitch, my prison bitch And I have no regrets I got you for a candy bar And I'm back to the grass And first you were resisted But now you are my friend I knew that I would get you in the end Welcome Prison bitch, my prison bitch I guess that you were sitting from above Prison bitch, my prison bitch I'm not prison bitch, your prison bitch And you're not like a man I'm not prison bitch, your prison bitch And you're not like a man I only have a real request How about some of that Felicia I'm tired of this, prison cell I'm here to get away And since we're two seven years Now I'm dealing times again And I'm your prison bitch You're not prison bitch You're not my only act You're not really hate these markers That you've got to turn to the map I thought that I could break away But now I'm losing hope And that I'm part of the family of the soul And I'm losing bitch And I'm not prison bitch I'm tired of this I'm not prison bitch I'm not prison bitch I'm not prison bitch I'm not prison bitch When I get out, I'm ready I'm not your ghost I'm not prison bitch My prison bitch, I'll never say goodbye You're not like a real lover I'm not a true bad day, I'm too die On the second thought, I feel that's it If you want me to Your prison bitch is never leaving you Yeah, I personally will not show me But now you're not so meant So put me in the car I'm not gonna go No, I know why they call you Heart, I know You're not to find out when you call this the polky Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh I've been on 9 at 5.60W to QAM See the audience wants to hear that It's one of my favorites There you go But you know what's Miguel? Miguel? There's nothing we can play today To cheer him up a little bit Maybe sign off Maybe the test pattern But the energy You know, how distracted you've been ever since before the show started I was asking both of these guys if they'd heard that story about that kid And his family washed up on shore the Cuban And nobody knew from it See what find that on the funny pages of the sports section in the newspaper And I'm sure it was right on a front page with a big headline right Ali on two shows up And ever since then, he just didn't be the same again He's distracted It's affected my day What would you like to hear on WQM6 tonight? And we asked on our pool on theorodges.com 358 people have already registered their opinion Rick and says 156 I wouldn't listen no matter what you put on 58 The first team, Joe Gellian D4 55 Classical Music 23 Run and run 20 Paul Castanova 19 I'm happy with Mo 16 And Bob and Tom made a late edition on their move and up lighter fast with 11 There, there, there, move it Bob and Tom of prison vizfane What do you think? What about Jack and a box? Shall we play that again? Sure No, because this is the one day year when I like play stuff that every other day of the year that I refuse to play it I'm not playing a reputation contest because first of all it's not a my DCS I'm sure you got it there, but it's too damn long And it's not even remotely funny anymore, do you think? I don't know what that is, which was that one? The farting contest. Oh, no. Just see no. No. Good. There you go. What do you think? Yeah, why not. Hey, I'll tell you what you got to be doing go to your website and go to somebody's website Go to the internet and log on to dryconcepts.com They're all excited about their new website. They discovered the internet and dryconcept Oh, which there may be a little bit late on that, but they sure were way ahead of the rest of the world I came to discovering dry cleaning carpeting in fact. There's still the only ones anywhere who do it And of course with the holidays here Too late for Thanksgiving. I'm sure, but nevertheless for a Christmas and Hanukkah New Year's And all the other good stuff all that company it's going to be coming get your house Look in fantastic just like brand new including those really dreary looking carpet They can make them look and smell and feel just like brand new. So when you and all the company will We're running a floor together. You'll have an extra good time And of course you don't have to worry about getting ripped off because it's dryconcept They give you a written guaranteed price before they start to job the only thing at the end of the job It'll be a surprise is how brand new your carpets look to you. They smell them and he fresh their dry in a couple of hours And you're happy camper every time dryconcepts also doesn't unbeatable job a clean your furniture and drapery Spot dying fiber protection carpet repairs in panoramic or rug service to best in the world Viewer realization and water damage restoration if you should ever have a flood in your house or in your pants So call them right now toll free and get your house looking like brand new for the holidays Call 1-800-2-4-8-5-071-1-800-2-4-8-5-071 clean today Interstate the night not just a slogan. It's their business at dryconcepts My And look this is 4-2-0-5-64 2-1-2-1-1 You're a f**k Hey how the hell are you? Welcome to Jack in the box I'm Jack, can I be happy to fill your order if you know what I mean? I'd like a Jack burger and a large fries Sorry, Boundware clean in the grease fryer, we don't have any french fries today Okay, they just give me a smaller to a fries please Laptif maybe you didn't hear me. I said we don't have any f**k fries today And I'm at something else Okay, then just give me an order of fries Listen up pal, who put the straw and straw berry? They'd you do that's right nature did, no put the ape in a brickot They'd you do that's right nature did, now listen carefully Who put the freak in french fries? There is no freak in french fries That's what I've been trying to tell you but breath 3-0 freaking french fries Now get out of my sight before I shut your teeth so far down your f**k throat They'll have to sit on the Jack burger to eat it Oh, I'm gonna have a nice day Let me take you down for you, he's stating on the way Strawberry pills While making drug pills And nothing seems to try my own Strawberry rehabs forever Living is easy for sports drugs Who put the f**k in the seats? I feel for stock and get messed up but they can still catch up If he can hit 293 And he won't come down because he loves it too Wins' strawberry pills He's making drug pills As long as he can hit about Strawberry stash less forever Now when he's swinging at strike 3 I'll bet he must be high on blow And on the little kid Will think that it's all right To get real high and grab a bat Let me take you down for you He's stating on the way Strawberry pills While making drug pills They've never done a kick-and-mouth Strawberry rehab forever Strawberry rehab forever You'll probably relax forever I'm not in the room Ladies and gentlemen Please welcome the two newest New York young days Dowager will strawberry And Dr. Gooden And their personal coach Steve Harrow That's what I am like I know Dr. Gooden's in the wind up The straw man snorts the line up He's drooling like a dog who heard a bell His high is a lab rat From smoking the crack at a bat He does in like cocaine Just likes the way it smells Snort naps Spirals rollin' up The clanny snort naps He balls and he's given good and plenty They lick the twany dollar bills Their teeth are grindin' like a pepper mill Goin' a-ball Out the horn and pills These days Steve Harrow is in the bullpen His nostrils are wide open He's so fucked up beating his honor braves He gets advice from Doc And Doc prescribes some rock So first Steve Looel line And Danny blooed us safe Swort naps Balls say abuse the magic powder snort naps Balls rank a lid on that clam chowder Prescriptions got perpetual refill They do it in the pool if they had bills Goin' a-ball Out the horn and pills Balls at money Eight balls Out the horn and pills I like a work of you all aboard Miss your manager Huh? Hi Bob Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Sworthing disco Swort smithaking bird-key fever too This is an an-e-e-e-e If I gotta hit a stupid little song I'm gonna die But if y'all next to me I don't know where Looks like it's a shell for all nothing This song so everyone needs to have a short sketch He has got to make his money What is for a crisp and a mean And I wonder if I hear it every day The rest of my whole life When a happy DJ controls this song I'm dangerous because we're real school But I turn it off quickly with a score bar What I wanna do is that's it's song I got a feeling I'm not the old new one What I wanna do is hold my gun Hear me that CD I'll put you home on And if you're not gonna use It's over a dime It gives me a headache And I'm not the only one All I wanna do is that this tune And when this song comes on It's very alright out of my heart And if my home is won't hit my hair I ain't kicked here real hard I'm in, I'm in, I'm in, I'm in, I'm in, I'm in I wanna feel in the night Because I can't get back to sleep And I can't let it was raining And I can't let it be raining And I can't let it be raining But I gotta do something I gotta do something So I gotta tell you the last thing You know I have to be alive And it's making you crawl all out And you know I said it in a while And you dial me the reason to say I'm a boy I try to tell the way you're trying And then I still I can keep you up And I'm falling apart I wanna feel in the night And I won't let you go to sleep And if you make me a deal I won't make another peep And I can't walk from traveling, rugby And I can't let it go Cause I'm out of control And you're an avi-a-m-n-o Don't have the same goal And you're an avi-a I tell you a lot about it Tonight I'm tired And I don't wanna talk anymore But what you had for you in the life I wake you up in the morning Fall my big on call I know I'm not getting up there So I'm not gonna lie Check the rhythm of my friend fair So I don't go blind I can't deal in the night I can't deal in the night I can't deal in the night I can't deal in the night I can't deal in the night I can't deal in the night I can't deal in the night I can't deal in the night I can't deal in the night I can't deal in the night I can't deal in the night Let the 26 and 5, 60 WQ I'm happy that you're giving Provide your pies on All your close personal friends at QAIM Tom Layman speaking of close personal friends Our our buddy And Halipani IGMC Our pride of announce the great Neil Rogers Neil the O0% seal What is it zero down payment? That's what I said And zero percent financing All 222 and 23 potty action GMC models plus Zero payments for 90 days Or if you like Take a wee bit about to five grand And as always it halved zero hassles When you shop for a car there Don't forget to mention you heard about the Neil deal And save even more Because they love me They love the show they love Carlos New Pontiac Vibe as you eat that's got the pair Of a big sports car and we'll just puked that gas out Halipani also got a big selection of dependable news cars Trucks next you these and like I always tell you Why do I say like I always tell you because you know why? Because I always tell you If somebody else turns you down for credit When you apply to buy a car if everybody else turns you down for credit This is the place to turn because they'll cut you deal It's the great Neil deals Zero percent seal going on right now at hell it 13411 South Dixie Highway That's US1 right across from the falls open Every single day of your life seven days a week For more information call the Neil deal Hotline toll free one triple eight five three four forty two eleven That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven for Halipani GMC who are who be professional graze Five and a local all this is five sixty three is all yours You You Why don't you go back to cure your spikt fast You You You You You You Have a supplement Tarding to brand food night with a glove in the bag His other does bag Wits at the front coat Fits the wind outside to leave up the drop Some before A smile jump and don't All the same What did that come from All the same Markman He chopped the bloody glove Simpson and Kto Back from a burger and fries and rest Do love Neil I'm those in the rear All change nothing Dropping your socks near the bed But there's so many bad Clanging somewhere On the surface of the sun What just the blood flow down from On the surface of the sun It's on the bloody glove Who's in with those The壁 If you get over it All we can do is No komme The tag we're in Now we're going home He's built Clinton, bowed it all the time. Think all it will be an amazing low-rise slime. But Nicky's Jason Burley's out around the nest. That's why his shirts are tight. He's there as a mess. Who the fuck do they ever were the fuck, man? All right, here we go on the desk, let's go. Oh, no, no speaker. No, so speaker, the committee would like to know although it's high fuel shooting, second-of-one lit up. Ashley, oh, baby, I don't know. Oh, look at me the season, no impotry. I don't need no further desk. I saw him working on his big eyes, but you come here, I believe me, watch your side. I'm pretty, I rip up again and all. I'm pretty, baby, and I give you the phone. Who on the side, I'm never on the side, I'm never on the side. Come here baby, I'm interested, you should think about it. Who can which does the hanky pay me? Who can which does the hanky pay me? Who can which does the hanky pay me? Who can which does the hanky pay me? Who can which does the hanky pay me? Who can which does the hanky pay me? Who can which does the hanky pay me? Who can which does the hanky pay me? Who can which does the hanky pay me? One, two, three, four, five, come on over honey now. Come and take a drive to my big house, and chat with Quar, we can both get juice and maybe a little Panama. The watch is on business. She's out for a week, I'm like a kid in the candy store. It's time to cheat, I have pretzels, hot dogs, go there and pizza. You remember little Billy, you're lame in town, pizza. It's gonna be a wild time, not a home in the York. Because to me, darling, she's like a sport. Arms hit my fly so good. Come and hope a honey now blow on my trumpet. A little bit of Monica, and my God. A little bit of Monica, without my wife. Now a little bit of Monica's what I see, when she's got a way, that's gonna be a rea. A little bit of Monica's what I need. A little bit of Monica, and then more rea. A little bit of Monica here, I am. A little bit of you, I'm a happy man. Short and pale and thin and she's like the girl with empathy. I keep smoking and when she passes she clicks her eyes and goes. When she smokes, she's like the chimney. The shoots up clouds and smiles on the seat. That when she passes, she passes, got to think of her. Oh, but she wants to quit badly. Coffee, got big junky, long guns. Yes, she would give them a bloody. But it's there when she has to go pee. She sits on the can and lives three. Short and pale and thin and she's like the girl with empathy. I keep smoking and when she passes she's like the girl with empathy. Oh, but it will be so smoking. I got she's like the way she's going. Yeah, she would give them a bloody. But it's there when she has to go pee. She sits on the can and lives three. Short and pale and thin and she's like the girl with empathy. I keep smoking and when she passes, she clicks her eyes and goes. We big yellow tea. And dunk on the meat. She just cannot breathe. It's only a waste. Can I have a life please? No. I'm 38, 22 till noon at 5. 60 WQA and we're all choked up a lot because it's Thanksgiving. I had no one. Hank at three. The big. Seven o'clock tonight. And then you got the shikko panton preview with ten panters at the King's out of the West Coast 1039 ESPN radio overnight, which before we should have a lot of ESPN radio next 24 hours. No way. One thirty to six in the morning overnight and then tomorrow after Hagan and Curtis and but how come my Dave Hagan has got his last name on here is there a special reason for that. He's moving up in the world. Seriously, how come it just is Hagan? It's got Curtis and flat and Hagan like I don't get it. Maybe it's Tom Hagan. Anyway, they're going to be on six tonight and tomorrow morning. You definitely want to miss that and speaking of definitely mark on your calendar. To sleep in late the beast is going to be doing a show tomorrow. Four hours ninety one. Shocking. One to five speaking of embarrassment. Oh, the big old comes back again tomorrow afternoon and then we got the S. Pinray all the way through the Friday morning. Monday racing's back in Pompano park. Pompano's now before I do the spot. Should I do the pool? Four hundred eleven votes on a pool. Like I said, changing again. Come on. Get with it. Four to thirteen. Would you like to hear on QAM six tonight and the morning? Rick and saw the hundred and seventy two. I wouldn't listen no matter what. The first team Joe Gildi and the foes sixty five. Classical music twenty eight. Ron and Ron twenty two. I'm happy with mode twenty Paul Castro novo at twenty and Bob and Tom nineteen. They're moving up. They're on the edge. Like I just started to say Monday night harness racing's back at Pompano park. That means four nights a week they're doing it for you Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday. First post time seven fifteen in a PM free general parking and free grandstand and free club house admission every afternoon night at Pompano park and don't forget. If Monday racing's back at Pompano park is got to be a free spaghetti night coming up and that's this coming Monday. December the tooth. With every Pompano park program purchased this Monday after six feet in. You're going to coupon good for a free spaghetti dinner. Oh on the fourth floor players lounge like doesn't get much better than that. Bring your own glass for your teeth and your own polo that place. And this Saturday November 30th. It's family fun at the track with free prize drawings for adults free many horse rides popcorn. Give space painting and imagine show for kids all starting at seven PM. On on come off from evening. Great harness racing action. Root Hummel winner from the rail. Treat yourself to a private box seat on the fourth floor. Or enjoy a vintage or a hot foot Sunday or slice of a lot of pizza. And don't forget the borrowed county fears and a way to pump it apart through December one. Make it a double header with a trip to the fair night at the races. And of course if you want to really outstanding me of the sixth floor top of the park dining room is open. With nightly specials the best seafood fix and primary dinners in down. And you'll have a great time up there. There's also a great idea to need to defend the fourth floor players lounge. Only 1095 per person and don't forget that's every racing night. We'll forget every day seven days a week. You got full card, cymbal casting starting at noon with high light harness and Turbo racing action from all over North America. Pump it apart. Don't forget live racing what they use it. When they live racing tonight in four nights a week. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Free clubhouse, free grand Santa Mission post time. 715 at Pump it apart. We're sports when you five six. You a yeah. Get off you duck. The mad dog is out of control and you'll find out why when you hear the latest release from Blackpustler Entertainment. Jim Madditch sings through it. Well, alright. Bad around his feet. Well, alright. Here's the mad dog. Jim Madditch sings well as it's wrong. It's all right. It's all right. I'll grab. I'll grab. It's all right. I'll grab. I'll grab. I'll grab. I'll grab. Madditch does the whole life. Well, alright. Well, alright. Well, alright. Well, alright. Well, alright. That first Jim said he felt a little bit foolish. I don't like that. I knew they'd been a whore. But now he said I like it. The mad dog just can't kiss enough for that cottage cheese bun. If he wants me to sing God bless America and face these in the jeep, I'll do it. You got so good. Everybody knows that it's so round. Oh, oh, oh. Listen to the mad dog. Sing himself happy. I'll grab. I'll grab. I'll grab. I'll grab. I'll grab. I'll grab. You mad dude seems to do it. You're available now at all blocks us this week. Oh, right. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, I'll be fine, there's a push game Our Beijing says we gotta sing Please, where we're not gay Our biggest fans, our 12 year old girls Who think we're as cute as we be Yeah, but as they get older, they all give it out We're hiding our latency One thing is for sure we get Man, make your way through We do While our clothes on the delicate side Go, go, go, go, go, go Just like the one thing we think we have better say Please, where we're not gay I swear we're not gay How much for a kiss? How much for a kiss? Could I get a poor nickel? Could I get a poor cork? It costs more money than I'll miss How much for a? Deep marks, how much for a? Could I get a poor nickel? Could I get a poor cork? It costs more money than I'll miss How much for a quick feel? How much for a quick feel? Could I get a poor nickel? Could I get a poor cork? And would I get a good deal? Can I touch your eye mean? Can I touch your eye mean? Okay. Could I touch the poor nickel? I touch a poor recorder. You wouldn't have to remind me. No. Ha ha ha. I've got no money to spend. Well, well, well, won't you be my friend? A-a-a-a. Time could take us far. If you feel pleased, get in my car. And I'll say, Do you? How much for a young job? How much for a young job? Could I get a poor and equal could I get a poor recorder? Can I afford a young job? A-a-a. Return to Santa! Return to Santa! I got a sweater from my grandmothers' home. It was pink and black. But don't worry, be a hard pink. Was brought into the arm of the bag. He wrote a hearted return to Santa. But just send me cash. But your tank is sweater. Okay, me or her ass. I got a fruit taken some plant pants. Where a clip is for my nose. A null about a love old spice. Or a dredge in a host. He wrote a fondant return to Santa. But who needs this junk? Or this year's Christmas. A really strong, erodahonger return to Santa. Don't need to be rude. But this Christmas. I got squished. A return to Santa. A return to Santa. Oh, yeah, mine. Old and crumpy. But try to understand. And I have a problem. But I can't use my hand. I only have one hand. I only have one hand. I'd like to take my pen and stick it inside. It's fine, I come to prevent something. I can't hide. I can't hide. I can't hide. So please, welcome me. I cranky bitter old beard. And if you feel make one of me, I'll slap you like a pen. But only with my good hand. I only have one hand. I only have one hand. Oh, good luck this instant. I can't hide. I can't hide. I can't hide. I can't hide. I can't hide. I can't hide. But I got wise. There's a difference between the thighs. Oh, yes, there is. Between the thighs. Oh, good luck. You showered me with his says. I thought you were my queen. But I know it's something funny. I saw the bulge in your jeans. She looked like a lady. What like a lady? She looked like a lady. She looked like a lady. But I got wise. There's a difference between the thighs. Oh, yes, there is. Between the thighs. You were my perfect lover. But how I was surprised. Not only do you have one, but you're not certain size. Oh, she looked like a lady. What like a lady? She looked like a lady. But I got wise. There's a difference between the thighs. Oh, yes, there is. Between the thighs. Oh, good. But critics agree. This collection of holiday songs may very well be the most moving and memorable of all time. Do you mean of a white Christmas? Just like a word I used to know. Yes, candle wax music presents, Elmer Fuzz, Christmas classics. And this 24-record set is truly incredible. Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way. Oh, what fun it is to ride in a one-horse open sway. Oh, what fun you'll have hearing these timeless classics performed by America's most beloved mother of women. Who'd have the wear knows when dear? Have a very shiny nose. And if you ever saw it, you would even say it won't. Elmer Fuzz, Christmas classics, not available in stores. And when you receive your set in the mail, you'll know why. Oh, everybody. I show hope you like my Christmas classics. So cold, cold three out. One, 800, but the operators are standing by Santa Claus's coming to town. It's 1156 at 560 WQM happy Thanksgiving. It's our big yearly extravaganza. Oh, 440 votes on a pool today. In our very important scientific pool, what would you like to hear on QA between 69 and a morning? Rick and Sads 180. I wouldn't listen no matter what 71 time with the first team got 71 for Joe Geldian D. Fo. And then it's way down, classical music 29, Bob and Tom 23, and they were late edition. I'm happy with Mo 23, Ron and Ron 22 and Paul Castro Novo is in last place. Oh, yes, 21 for Paul Castro Novo. And that's shocking to you. No. Thanksgiving is tomorrow. If you're traveling to the families coming to you, the last thing you want is to go slut to the airport and have to start looking for a place to park. And when you're finally fine one, it's usually about 20 miles to where you have to go. National, the most can change all of that for you. The little raviour location on time in a brand new sedan, limo van whatever you need to take you wherever you have to go hassle free. National limo is not always takes care of your transportation in town, but anywhere in the world. So when you arrive at your destination, National, the most will be there waiting for you. Carl National limo is at 1 877 37632 under the call of free. Now's the time to start planning on how you're going to get to and from all those holiday parties too. So let National limo's get you there and back safely and conveniently, in other words, a live. And for your sports fans out, there is no better way to get to and from the game than in one of National limo's super special in the scenes or luxury coaches. Well, everybody else is going nuts fighting the traffic. So don't forget if you're looking for way to get to the airport, the game we're just in the night around town, do what I do call National limo's toll free. 1 877 37632 out of town at Neilford, the call get 10% off on your first airport service or free hour chartered limousine service, whichever you prefer. 1 877 37632 14 national limo's. I can move. This is sports wedding 560. You a m. Where are it beaded? Well, the one I are on WQAM. Hello. Hello, I was calling about the wabbit you have for sale in the paper. OK. What kind of wabbit are they? OK, I have some lock. Yeah. I have lock. Some body locks and some solid color locks. Oh, wonderful. And I have a straightier dough and I have two dors. What do I do off? They're small redding. Oh, okay. We have a farm. And we like to play with the wabbit on a farm. You wouldn't have to have any like little wabbit handcuffs. Did he want? Little handcuffs. Put a wabbit. Here's a wabbit. Yes. I don't know. I never heard of them. What? Well, we use them when we hunt them on the farm. We like to hunt the wabbits. And we take them and nail them to a twee brother is and in skin and alive. Uh... They're run. Hello? And now I think that's what you go through. These rabbits are I can say you're ready. We have a little game we play called All Wabbits Must Die. No sir, no sir. I wouldn't say you're ready. I'm thirsty. I want to hunt the wabbit. Well, that's okay. You go out in the wild and you hunt rabbits. The seeds aren't for peel. I like to put them in a little pin and then hunt them down unmercifully. Now sir, I'm sorry. Then say you're ready. Sometimes we even spare them through the head with a wastie water. Thank you for calling the Santa Claus Hotline. Here what's in it does to the elves. They're in the offseason. Press one. To turn to Mrs. Claus, press two. Oh Santa, squeeze my toys. Oh yes, I love your long hard, slay. Uh, I want to fumble your balls of holly. Uh, it my fruit cake. Oh yeah, yeah, oh, let me ride you reindeer. Oh, ride em Christmas cowboy. This is Santa Claus' coming to town. Oh! Well, I bought some new potato chips because they ain't got any fat. But now we're after I did in the jama set. I knew they had some side effects. But I called a take a chance. But right after I swallowed them up, they'll make my colon dance. Oh, let's go. My valve game to seize. Now I'm in the Kanna squatting with my pants around my knees. Oh, let's go. Now I'm afraid to sneeze. Cause I might feel something disgusting running down my knees. Well, I should have seen that morning that they put on the bag. So I should have been suspicious when the clerk gave me a rag. So if you wait and don't be surprised if your belly hurts. And in about an hour you'll have the holester scores. Hey, holester, my valve game to seize. Now I'm in the Kanna squatting with my pants around my knees. Hey, holester, now I'm afraid to sneeze. Cause I might feel something disgusting running down my knees. Is holadac season? It's the classic story of how one mean old person who hated this time of year had a change of heart. The JCC proudly presents. How the schmuckstool Hanukkah every Jew don't enjuve like Hanukkah a much Except the guy who lived just off, whom they all called the schmuck. The schmuck he did Hanukkah since the day he was born. If he was to wine, he'd just say, get off my lawn. No one knew I, he was full of this mush. But if he asked me, it was because he had a bulk of his touch. Yes, the classic story of Dr. Shou's comes to life. See how he hatches his sin as their plan. Then with a grin, the schmuck he'll doubt. Here it go, I'll go down to tuville, it's still holoica. Hey, it rhymes. So he took all the presents. In days where the boxes, any took all their candles, any took all the loxes. And witness the magic as the schmuck sees the true meaning of Khanukkah. But the Jews were crying, though the Jewish love was gone. He thought they'd be sailing. But the schmuck he was wrong. Then the schmuck's smile greatly has him hooked Yamatem. Maybe Khanukkah means more than just candles and wind. So the schmuck came young to Jouville, with presents in hand, and every Jew came to greet him, every Jew in the land. I brought that ye gifts. I hope you're not sorrow. I brought that ye drails. Your ties in the Norris. Now, Jews ponder about what they wanted to do. And then the Mayor Jew said, I'd like to sue. They sent it so for so much. The list was real high. Well, so you're smucked. We all lead you die. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. But then they all laughed, showing they were good swamps. See, we were just joking. Swoop the joy, Mr. Schwars. Then the schmuck sang with the Jews and danced to the late. And at the end of the night, he lit and lit. So your mist and the schmuck stole Khanukkah. His production is raided. Here! Hey! Where Brad smells like bile. She got crushed in her eye. She smells like a urinal that attracts lots of flies. She sits on the porch, she picks the scavener knee. In the porch she picks the scavenger knee. Her teeth are brown when she smiles, she's the trailer trash woman for me. She has lies above, she's got crabs down beneath. I called it Schraller and wove the family. Her father's her brother, her uncle's her crabbeat. But I don't care she's the trailer trash woman for me. Oh, she never bathed herself. She looks like a slough. Her nose is running so slough. Oh, her hairy gun hangs on. She has 12 teeth, she has spedy behind. Rectom. She wipes her mouth under shirt when she's eaten. She stings at the time of the month that she's bleeding. She has a hairy chest and lube from taxi. I can't put this love on the shelf. She's the trailer trash woman for me. Oh, right. Girl. You know, I mean this from the bottom of my heart. No one is as special as you to me. That's why you are my trailer trash woman in me. Freezatured here. I don't a 12.95 60 WQAM. What would you like to hear 6.9 a.m. on WQAM? Rick and Suds 182 over 40%. How do you like that? Oh, I wouldn't listen no matter what 75. They're a busy. They're doing something else. The first team, Joe Gully in D.4 73. And after that, this is my small potatoes. It's a race for last place. The classical music 29. Ron and Ron 24. We don't even exist. I'm happy with mode 24. Bob and Tom 23. And Paul Cat. I see a gag try to say it. Paul Castor. Oh, he's in last place. Your second win Paul 22. Type battle for last though. Don't forget tonight's a big net at Treasure Island. Georgia's office week. He's on vacation, but it's never. No matter what. pneumonia, vacation, nothing keeps him away from Treasure Island. Carls will be there praying it. Pull my head down over your head, Carlos. That couldn't hurt. And Miguel will be there. I'm sure I'll be in a better place. He's still there. I'm in. Okay. Well, I see you're probably his upset because he's got such a tough assignment today. Now if you guys were smart, you would have had food, Brung in. Do you get food in there? Huh? Brung in. Maybe he had it, Brung in. Drug in. He'd have had drugs and food, Brung in. Anyway, five to seven at Treasure Island, I though all be there. All the horny and desperate arrows and Miguel too because he wants the free booze and wants to get paid too. Treasure Island just north of the 120 seconds we exit off the Paul Meadow. Find the seven this afternoon. Drink specials in a crappy QM prizes too. It's here the holiday shopping season. Everywhere you go, traffic, lines, parking hassles. If you need a new mattress, do we do want to be outshelping around? No, course not. So do what I did call the bedding experts at 1-800 mattress. That's the number to get you in touch with dialometres. Now's the time to call 1-800 mattress. Get you new mattress today and sleep like a baby tonight. Dialometres carries the areas largest inventory of top-quality Sealy, service, and key-crow mattresses. I've been sleeping on a dialometres for years and I can guarantee it personally. They are the best and delivery, unbeatable. You get same day delivery, evening weekends and most holidays. They've got a 99 on time, 90% on time delivery record. Call now, have you new mattress and is the lowest two hours or Tuesday and time, most convenient for you. Do not like the cable company that gives you that eight hour window and still doesn't show up. Plus, they take away the crappy old bedding inside of the brand new one. And if you're a store board just come and back you order that old mattress and have you relax on a brand new one. You'll be sleeping better than you do at home. Call dialometres now toll-free 1-800 mattress. That's 1-800-MATV-RES of order to hold a shoppers. Don't waste time slipping from store to store for the best mattress and even better prices. It's 1-800 mattress for dialometres. The easiest possible way to buy a bed. Buy and local. We are sports video 560's UX. 2-A-M. W-Q-A-M. Go fuck yourself. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. U Οes. U Auf e U Auf e U Auf uns purse. U Auf i U g U Auf i U Of I Nine and to each No sign of hiding, a lot more than guns. They say they're weapons, advanced destruction. I say we sail a couple megatons, while we're right. In the Gulf War, we let him off the road. I think it's time to give his brother one. So it's time to blow those pheasons up on your eyes. I'll be right until there's nothing left to see on your eyes. Till Saturdays feet deep on your eyes. Blow up the creed, barbed ear out. And there's a huge gush of germs, and chemicals that burn. I love them, and my bones start. If we land the prayer, we're not gonna be well. Because some of those plants won't be good. I'll be right. I'll bring it to an end. I'll be right. I'll blow him up again. I'll be right. I'll be right. Here. I'll toss this into the boat. If your toothpaste doesn't taste great, your kids don't brush long enough, which could lead to ugly tartar buildup. The solution? Regular checkups and brushing with new crust. The tartar control toothpaste lays with crap cocaine. Hey, giant, almost cut in there. Washington, get the brushing. Crust is not only clinically proven, it's also highly addictive. So your kids will brush and brush and brush. And brush and brush and brush. Come on, Billion's been 45 minutes. Fudging, flukers, flukers and questions. If you're not careful, you're gonna wear those teeth down to little nebbins. Oh god, no! Brush, son. Almost out of cross. Hook your kids and I healthy habit for life. Brushing with new crust with crap cocaine. Sure, I'm gonna be late for work now, but it's good to see Billy brushing. Get out of man, this is a crud checking. Billy, what are you doing? I spit out. Billy, what are you doing? Got him all the cartiooks and crud! You crust toothpaste, late for crack cocaine. Recommended by nine out of ten drug addicts. Take a sip, bro, pill, discrismos. And before you're feeling ill, you see, and tracks, and you make tracks at your prescription pill. And tracks at pro pill, discrismos. So you won't be feeling bad. Don't unlock the mailbox to your gubble down the town. Oh, show the rubber gloves on my hands for me. Somebody hold that cup while I take a peek. I was at pro pill, discrismos. So you don't disturb here. It's a patriotic antiviotic, discrismos. It's here. It's here. Sathas, sath, all the presence with gamma rays from his new radiation machine kids. There is safe as a hamburger. By taking powder, lightly powders, powders. Take a sip, bro, pill, discrismos. I wouldn't inside your bros here. For a patriotic antiviotic, discrismos. I was so busy. I was so busy. How right? I'm here in summer. Do you know why? You got me talking on the passion phone. All of the gas mask rain beer. Got them from the CDC. I still remember getting my first candy from my grandfather. It was worthless original, and I was for. I remember it like it was only yesterday. Rikili, that's the game. What? Just rid of gotten a bucket. A piece of candy. I started by a snake. Right there. I don't want to play this game anymore. Okay, let's play five of the candy in the crevice. Oh, grandpa, I don't want to smell something in there. Yes, those games with grand boss, God means life. Which is why now that I'm the grandfather, I'm scouring a whole new generation with whithlers original. Hey, Timmy. Say hi to wet willy, the whithlers wonder whithlers. No, no, not the wonder whithlers original. Giving children nightmares for over 60 years. 25 at 560 WQA, we got 436 votes on a pool. It's getting tense. Didn't it get in tight? Wow. On the on the on the, on the S and it's getting tight. I'm out of top. What would you like to hear on QAM6 to 9 a.m. Rikensides, 1951. I would listen a matter of what you guys did 79. They got the other recommitments. The first team, Joe Geldian D.477. Classical news see after that after those top three. Way down. Classical news is 30. I'm happy with mode 27. Ron and Ron 26 who don't even exist no more. Bob and Tom 24, they're moving up later after a lead start and Paul Castro. Oh, bow. Still suck a win in last place with 22. So you're ready to write the news to you, Paul. No matter how many set up calls you make the pity lany. In fact, while we've almost do time call in pity lany. I ain't on hire anybody. And he sure's how I haven't called here. I don't hire anybody. It's said it was so on. I don't get involved. Why not be a man and call muff, okay? And it's sound you're going to hear is probably the dial tone on the other end. Only a real man's got the balls to call muff, you know what I'm saying? 26 past noon at 5.60 WQAM. You don't have to be a real man or woman or anything else. I think I'll say to do it would be breathing. To benefit from a great new product called Olio Med. Olio Med Mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of the purest olive oil that money can buy. Combined with good things. Vitamins, minerals, herbal's oven nutrients, scientifically decided to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs. And look for Olio Med's three great new formulas. There's one to help you sleep. One to help you control your weight. And co-cute 10 which is stupid for your heart, your pulse rate, all of these things. I'll use the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil the best you'll find. Olio Med is a great new product that's good for you. And you can pick some up today right now. At publics, echrets and Walgreens, if you want to get more information about all their products and what they do for you. Olio Med, or at all, you've got a great new product and a great new product. Let's go to the website at www.OlioMed.com. Please don't forget, if you possibly could. If you visit nearest publics and buy an Olio Med product and data, you can get a coupon for a free Larry Coke or Bobblehead Doll. I'll supply it last. And also don't forget to visit these samples. It's forbidden at sports time every Sunday when it often is a big plain home game. The news can pick up some product information and free Olio Med samples too. Start poppins of Olio Med your post for good health today. My life and love all this is for 3.05.60. Where is Olio Med? This Ron and Ron. And now here's Timmy Dean, founder of Timmy Dean Forks sausage with a few words about new Timmy Dean Bagel sandwiches. Hello, I'm Timmy Dean. You know, if someone had told me a 25 years ago that I'd been making bagels, I'd have said, huh? That's due food, isn't it? But times have changed and I guess I've got to change with them. But I don't have to like it. You people want your bagels, I'll give you your bagels. With a big old Greece's slab, a Timmy Dean Ports sausage on it. New Timmy Dean, non-coachier bagel sandwiches. If you're Jewish, you can buy them. You just can't eat them. New Timmy Dean Bagel sandwiches. There's a little bit of big in everybody. Each meal presents a family story, two elderly women come from Cuba on a mission. Armed with only stale, surealous candy, and a yachtsie board. If they must bring back a young boy by any means necessary. Fill his George's money at Aquintana and Charlotte Ray as a girl, Rodriguez. NHVOs, Rasa Buenas, the grandmothers. If you don't give us a boy, we're gonna chop you up at the little crocodile. Fuckin' them off Uncle Sonnean. He's an unchroin' to paracetin' and charges. Where the new eggshellaras in town. He's a lot of Amelia, redefined. Each meal is a lot of well-as, the grandmothers. Sunday night to 10, nine central. I the me, I got the gas really bad. Think your grandmother. You like her Zoth's eggspots? Hasspots? Featuring the Michael Jackson. Who is Nose back on you? Hasspots? Mom, I did it. I put Michael's nose back on. No, you did it. It's upside down. No, no. Get right before dinner. Let's not forget. I've only got five seconds left. My Michael's all handled like explode. No way. See you Xbox, Hasspots. Michael Jackson is Nose back on you. She quit the club and play with her tears. She'll never be kicked off of her eyes. Oh, great, Xbox. Hey, hey, Leon Gonzalez. Why the hell don't you go, boy? It's not all of that, oh, I know. You're a little crazy, you're a little crazy. You know, you're back if you will with your pop-up. Where you can play in the mud. You're a little back to being an extra lotter. You're a good girl, away we're all fed up. And a young Gonzalez. Why don't you go home? And a young Gonzalez. Go home and relax, let's all alone. Leon, you're an easy, I don't want to go back. I like shopping for three toys, bad girl. You've got your pop-up teacher. And your make-ies, I'll see you. You've had your fun, I'll start packing. So they can get you out of here. It's at the point where we can stand it. Everybody's out of love. Above the hooligans and crackers. Who put your guns in Florida? Ha ha ha. Hey, hey, hey, you're Gonzalez. Why don't you go home? Yeah, they're young Gonzalez. Go home and leave us alone. That's a good idea, Leon. See you, look. They're giving away 3-S-E-H green cards. Can I have one? In theaters next year, and this is true, we're not making it up. It's Rambo 4. Again, they're actually writing this thing now. Mr. Stallone reprises his role of former Green Breit, John Rambal. Get this. They've got the 55-year-old Stallone parachuting into Afghanistan to do battle with the Taliban and head terrorist Osama bin Laden. The part of bin Laden will be played by the cab driver from wings. Here's a scene from this riveting piece of Americana. Oh, some, a good point, you hate it. What? What's he saying? I don't know. What's he saying to me? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I still don't understand. What's he talking? I don't know. I don't know. But are you hooked on phynes? Say it, say it. I don't know. I don't know. He's a absolutely. He said, I'm fully. I think I heard Adrian. What do I care about Adrian? Absolutely. Take your slaggy bulbs and get out of here. Rambo 4. Sometime next year, unless Hollywood comes to their frequencies. Since the 70s revival, it's a common scene in many doctors offices. You've got to tell me please, why can't I dance? Well, I'm afraid you have white men and gypsies. White men and gypsies. A tragic affliction causing so many to give up trying to get down. And alive, well, yeah, I was very alive. The symptoms are easy to spot. The inability to snap your fingers or clap your hands anywhere near the beat of music. Wow, what a cool thing. We're singing causes an instant gag reaction to all those standing next to you. Oh, God, we're cool. And of course, when you're out, no one wants to stand next to you. Hi, guys. Wait, wait, guys. Wait, guys. Come on. We wish we could say there's hope for white men and gypsies. But there is the only recommended course of action in rhythmic abstinence. Well, there must be something you can do. No, just stop what you're doing. You're embarrassing. Me, hell out of us. And thank you. In record stores now, it's the most repulsive Christmas album you'll ever hear. All you make feel, purges all the Christmas favorites. Listen to it while eating fruit cake. Oh, God. Oh, God. All the week be all purges all the Christmas favorites. Listen to it while eating fruit cake. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. oh, God. Oh, God. God. I broke it up, they saw her head far when you got a hooker and got a blow job English don't have sex they drink too much tea unless you're part of the Royal Family But you've got nothing like that, he's no regal snob, so he got a hooker, he got a blow job Get a hooker and get a blow job in the back seat she went down on his own Got a hooker up they saw her head far when you got a hooker and got a blow job Oh my god he got a blow job, yeah you got a blow job What's the crack they played on the whole? That's power Oh god the kids today don't know what's good Like that song I'm happy I live in a split level head You remember that? How can you listen? I'm happy I live in a split level head You remember that? No? Why am I surrounded by morons? Come on how he's? Don't you call me how he? There are nothing important that you're gonna be a barrel No! You're so a fat soul, okay that's it you're all fire You've had a stroke with a movement You listen a minute you're fire You're a fire You're healthy that goes for you too You know who I am? I'm the king of power Redize I came down here after losing my charm To be a big fish In a little part When they kicked me off he just figured they told me Don't come back again I had some problems with wise guys who would buy Steinburg To power and dice Kill our root Yeah Fire Death's best deal is over we died I got one, you're a fire I hope that it gives us one dies I hope he dies And I hope you're all died I'm a big fish in a little plump to see I'm a big fish in a little plump Say a few words in a minute I'm a big fish in a little plump I'm a big fish in a little plump Yeah What is everybody into our name? There you go Calm down Howard What do you say we go have some nice sushi? Okay Talk 40 20 20 till what at 560 WQM How is that pull coming a person 500 votes Pretty impressive what's to say? Yeah not bad Who would you like to hear on QM 69AM? 498 votes to be exact Rick and says 202 40 and a half percent I wouldn't listen no matter what 82 Firsting Joe Gaudy in D479 Classical Music 31 Bob and Tom 27 Ron and Ron 27 I'm happy with Mo 27 Three way tie there for like second-aless And Paul Castro Oh, he's a second-wind again in the last place only 23 I think that seals the deal Paul The answer is absolutely No chance It lost You know what it comes to eating in food food There's so many good restaurants to choose From it if you're looking for the best deli in Miami You bet it's her bets Her bets has been slicing it and pining it on thick for over 30 years now It's New York style deli and it's finest with her bets homemade piece soup Delicious daily specials on the best best drumming court beat and brisket under the sun Her bets has even got the pickles the coleslaw cucumber salad On the table like the good old days Before you old people but everybody else out of business Her bets was even though to the best breakfast and cheap beats restaurant on citysearch.com Now's the time to be doing your holiday party needs in her bets does they stupidus unbeatable job with holiday platters and catering for the whole family For family parties are at the office Her bets has been serving some of the Miami's top corporations for years If you order now mention the new Roger show You get 10% off your holiday catering order And when you do call me sure and say hey, you're sure that her big ol' is gone please Can't beat it with a stick or bess is located on 79th Avenue just off the Pometo Expressway Call Greg at 305 5 9 2 78 18 That's 305 5 9 2 78 18 or reach him on the net for bets.com The best deli in Miami you bet it's her bets My On the lisa Can't believe the different movie With your focke yellow teeth so far apart Can't believe the can't believe the what you be doing It's the old assiest racket open spots the star Is you day because you are at home Who bliply through? Is you deflacate and to mameer who be smart? Does they lack? Are you sure there's shoes under the floor? On the way you wash and pop the white his cars You're due to the cuss two Conbilly girl Fruithela alas on the greenery all alone But then he make you clean all the white house bathroom The coccid the toilet and then scrub the floor Hey there you don't wear sandals Don't delete them You'll come cheap don't help make them want to reach and view You'll not be late yet look you slack it be felt for all If you'll be what you can be that don't you? On the way you be flippin' fast cake You may be loud That they dream you just like your esther warm That when your head will move from side to side From the lino Into bush and rummere Baby crack or asshole Round the long to the gays where the ants got a great big zipper in the back of the pants Get off the horse if the old barn door got the sapper turned around I'm a rat on the horn Looking sad poster dancing all around There goes Johnny and his mother's hat gown All of a land on all the land rat all the man needs is the fellow suit bat Give your partner a silly smart all-join hands for a big circle jerk Volunteers all raise your hand who's gonna be the next pivot man In vassier partner home for a drink lick your lips and give him a weight with a great big smile and a great big knot Let it know your jubble's deep flow And culture is a party girls like party girls luck party girls spot And culture is a party girls spot party girls spot party girls spot party girls spot I'm sure back Wake up red his job ever Hello, I'm a monster of the girl who wants to be a media home and for girls in on top quiver You want fall? All this lady is what I'll give you She's got a book to read about stand-a ring Nobody knows what about slander and out With a big suit about anyone to the left of Bangladesh Such a good Christian girl you want to strangles her Fontificate who she's hating Political fontan fontan forgetting from on the floor and masturbating I'll re-public in stanky home She's a better real-nessy moat Making liberalization and working on In a mini-skirt showing capital And culture knows what they can be In a mini-skirt that spells this sheet She's a tall drink of water on the side of the Lord Order with a back-out joke to be like a broad scholar And you've got some money, you'll spread some things With a cigarette and a charge net And children, older, political brothers, and be a general threat Here to be glee! A limb big ice-coop, slam it suck to dirty trait And you're drives to win She was second best and it felt so up-out Nancy Kerrigan, the bitch was going to win again Tom, your blocks revined Pious out a henchman And up-out-out If Nancy K was leaving a ring She's locked up from behind A ring bang Tom, you still the hammer came down Upon her knee A ring bang Tom, you still the hammer made sure Or victory A limb big, little round, torn you here The knock they grow, but never removed She can find her bruises of balance, oh, oh, oh She forecoes a plan makes a way into the stand murder On her mind She has never minded a challenge, oh, oh, oh The crowd they make a break for the door But it's too late to run Dying bang Tom, you still the hammer just smashing in the head She will not leave little hammer to the rear On her mind Twenty forty eight, torn you's at the party Gave Saint Pete checks his book He kills for a look and he tells her Now, up-out-out She claims she's in a zombie Laces up and throws a 50 turn, it is on the line Laces on the line This guy's out of line, and he's got to go, oh, oh As Saint Pete was turning the page Tom, you took her in Bang bang Tom, you still the hammer ran saved He kills well Look, Saint Pete's got a kill no save Some heaven and cheer when stake you in All right My local, this is 50, three years on your top You ain't Can't get baby Well it comes from the turkey and potatoes in the Cayenne While your pass on the piece your pants Don't crack boom bang GAS Thanksgiving day GAS Thanksgiving day GAS Thanksgiving day Oh, gas Thanksgiving day Well it's a crack from your chair and can of an embarrassing sound You're one everyone over It's the Santa's coming from my own right home GAS Thanksgiving day GAS Thanksgiving day I actually said about going to kill him Now what are you saying Miguel's was painless, wasn't it? Pretty much What call does that mean pretty much? You are a real Join the George and a guy's tonight at Treasure Island in five to seven Carlos will be there helping a great mood See if Miguel's in a better mood by tonight Okay, but why not? Why not? I don't know Somebody must have, he's still upset about that poor human kid His matter of fact he's so well he's going to take it in the whole family in his house Just because he's so devoted That's right Anyway we got the mad dog coming up next and then we got the Humper 3 Now listen, tomorrow we've got to give instructions to the audience Right because the beast is going to be on him from nine to one And it's going to be, if there's one word I'm trying to think about It's going to be tomorrow Roodle Oh, I mean it's going to be great It's going to be sensational, right? Right And he'll have all those stories to tell about how he got canned off the morning show And about losing the weight and how Troy And everything going to be great It's great Yeah, he could make an interesting if he grows a pair So tune in tomorrow morning and see if the beast grows a pair by nine Happy Thanksgiving Bye bye The new watchers show unclice the season you've to weigh I'm going to be for the morning I don't have a penis