Now! Now! And you'll rush your home on 516 W2A. Wait, wait, wait, wait. The regularity can keep you tied up and not. Why have you crept in a week? Feels like a good German shepherded white collar. But you don't need to be a regularity. I see, we dynamite it! All you need is co-line food. Why is the German Shepherd take Dr. Reckerman with co-lays? Which I'm told regularity. 9-0-1 at 5-60 WQA and Happy Thursday, too. I'd say, why do we even discuss anything besides the StarDrek? Huh? What's the point? Star Wars, I'm sorry. Is there any point? I don't know if you can hear us just fine, but we can't hear ourselves. But apparently we're on the air. I hear you just fine. You hear me just fine? We're not getting audio from ourselves or from you. We can barely hear you. Everything is really just great. But apparently on the air. And now it's all... I can get in on like we did before. Something must be messed up in a main controller because I'm hearing everything like in feedback. Well, let's do the whole show like this. Like this. You hear that? Okay, I can barely hear it sounds like I can't even tell you. So what would you suggest? Now that I'm hearing myself back? It's in a master control again. Somebody's dick with a switch again. Keep talking apparently. You sound fine. I'm just not going to be able to hear what you're saying. When you say I sound fine, I'm hearing myself back like half a second later. Real real loud. So whatever, what somebody is dick with something there. Because if we were, you know, the thing that it mays is me about this is that we sit around. We talk from 730 until just before 9 o'clock. Air, every morning. Pah, pah, pah, pah, pah. And then all of a sudden, like about a minute before we go on the air. How, how, how, how, what? This ain't gonna work. I'll tell you that right now. Because you've got something really desperately screwed up down there. I don't know what to tell you. We're running around like crazy people. Well, there's nothing on this and everything looks as normal like we do it every day. It's just amazing to me how it's always on that end. You know what I'm talking about? Always on that end. Now is that, as that repeat going on the air, do we have any idea? Is there anybody in the building at QAM? Whether all lose their minds? Is there anybody there? No. Anybody in charge? No. No. No. General manager, I'm surprised today, by the clue. T, I can't keep doing this because I'm here myself back. We allowed my monitor and then they couldn't work. So what would you suggest? Would we play a little bit of music? Yeah. Maybe you should play some music. Or I see. I mean, how is this possible? We were just talking like, I don't know. So we know it's not going on in these studios here because just like you said. It was fine before we went on the air, so something's going on in the control room. Because I hear you just fine, but I hear myself back. So somebody is dicked again in the control room one more time where they just can't keep their hands off the switches. Don't forget, there we're just again. I see maybe we just canceled a show. I think that's a real good idea. It's kind of murky here anyway, dripping a little bit. Poor and like crazy there. I mean, I can do it like for hours like this, but I'm just going to drive me to take me away in a straight jacket because I'm hearing everything back like we're allowed. In fact, I don't even know at this point if I'm on the air or not. Am I on the air? You're on the air. I see. And is that is that all come back a second time like I'm hearing it? I'm on the phone at the same time. I see. With George. Join the overnight guys, Joe and Mark. This is like back the old WBC days with a reverb. I feel like cousin Goosey would have to bet her piece. Join the overnight guys. Joe and Mark have gas bees in Boca tonight. Seven to nine payment. Ask them how come this place is such a technical disaster. Stop by for prizes register when a trip to Lake Tahoe. The Bex models be there with specials on Bex beer. Gas bees in Boca on now fills Robo of art 18 speed between military and power line. And what are we learning? What are we discerning? And what are we learning from our crack engineering staff? Definitely there is something a miss in a master control because we've been through this a million times. Sounds like sabotage to me. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. See if I want to repeat something I just hit it once and like see there it is again. You're getting double duty today for the same price. So my just suppose to continue I mean this is ludicrous is what it really is. Yeah, you're just supposed to continue. I can't continue. I can't continue. I can't possibly do a show here in myself like twice as loud back a half a second later. No chance. We are working on a solution to that. But how can there be a problem? Where to how did this come from? See this is the amazing thing. The people listed in WQA, I'm told them about it a million times. Usually it's on a Monday. It's usually after the weekend. What have been about 20 children who've had a chance to dick with all the controls in there and play games. Like a bunch of little children. And then we come in and everything is like a pochki with and un, you know, doesn't work. But now like a lot of nowhere the show yesterday was fine. We've been rolling right along singing a song. We talked back and forth this morning. No problems from like 740 until five minutes to line. And then all of a sudden when you least expected we got some kind of a problem. And it can't possibly be on the sand. I'll tell you that right now boys and girls it's not on the sand. It's there at QAM. Well they're troubleshooting it as we speak. Well what does that mean they're troubleshooting? What's that on the phone in the control room with Robert Greeper and they're trying to figure out, you know, one button at a time. What's pressed it should be? One button at a time. Is that show on our list one button at a time? I ought to be. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. And there's something. But I think we have a task. There you go. Really? They did something. I see. See the reason I could tell is because when you hit, you only did it once. It was like a top wasn't like a. So what did they do? Was it in there in Magics and Control? running around, but yeah, it's a master control in master control again. Well, I got a real major problem there at WQM. Let me see it again. Some people in that master control room keep Dickin with stuff. Just like in the middle of the day, I'll come in here and do a little bit of work in my nice little studio. And I'm notice that the audio from QM isn't coming in again. I'll have to call it control room down there and say, hey, whichever you ask or his on your, how come that pot is closed? Uh, like that. And then all of a sudden, here it is like magic when they open a pot again. Too much bad pot of QM. That's the problem. That was a special. That was really something special. So is everything okay now? We kosher or what? Who tell us? Everything sounds fine here. Sounds fine here. Sounds like me. It sounds like you. I'm not here in that feedback again. I personally think I'd like to know who the hell was in there. I don't want to make start a big inquisition because we've already had enough of those recently. But I'd like to know who was in there Dickin would stuff. And it happened at about five minutes before the hour. Ever you started mumbling to me about you couldn't hear me in the, all of that? Yeah. That doesn't mean that something happened this morning. This could have been done overnight afternoon and it just, we didn't figure it out until now. Until we switch the show mode. I see. Show mode. Show mode. Okay. So anyway, let's, we're to how do I start now? I mean, when it's only nine minutes after the hour, almost right for the first god damn break. This is beautiful. And let me say it again. People are going to be a few assholes are going to say, you see, when you don't do the show from in town, there's, there's no reason. And for it, there's a, there should be like, I keep telling you like rolling off a guy damn log like falling out of bed in the morning like falling off a guy damn out of an igloo. But when you got, when you got a kind of a place where there's nobody where it's on automatic pilot, when it's like the Titanic adrift it's somewhere. And you know, you've got a gigantic leak all over the place. Too many fingers in there. Too many chillin. That's the problem. Too many children, poaching around, dealing with crap. Too many fingers in the broth. That's the biggest problem. Anyway, yesterday we did our second part and we're compiling our top 50. That'll be the list today. Don't have to worry about faxing in any more suggestions for it about calling in because we're certainly not taking call. Oh, especially after that start. Nine minutes of pure hair. Although it was kind of like, I'm using it had its moments. Yeah. Ha ha ha. Hey, listen, if you can hear what it sounded like here. The goodness sounded worse than what it sounded like here. No, I'm sure that's what it sounded like. These studios, although everybody kept saying, oh, no, it's fine. In the control room, it's fine on the air. No, it was not fine on here. It was all like it couldn't possibly have been fine on here because it was feeding back to me. Well, I'm not going to go through it. Yes, sure. Anyway, it's the QAMF and way boys and girls. That's just the way we do things. You're in this radio station. Not slow, not fast, just half-assed. The greatest TV show of all time. TV guides started this thing a few days ago in a hank in the mobile. They'll pick up on it and milk it for a little bit. But we're going to show you that we can milk it better and anybody. Although we're not going to do a show about it today, we're just going to like stick to 50 on there. Our 50 and then we'll pick the top 20 out of those 50. You following what I'm saying? Ah, good. Here's what came out to top 25 yesterday out of that lengthy list of 50 that we had. And amazingly, many of the shows that were in a TV guide top 50 according to their experts and purverts, it didn't even come close to making it. Like American family, which we still have no idea what that is. That had two votes. Donnie who, two votes. Playhouse 90, who the hell remembers that? It was a great show, but three votes. Meet the press. We thought that would get a lot of about three votes. Nightline, which they put on their four votes for nightline. I mean, how these people crazy or what? Yeah, it's good. So we'll give you the list in a second. Then we'll have Eric put it up there. And then you go, diddle with it. And you know, and we'll have a little fun with it. And never the twain shall meet. We apologize profusely for our technical analysis. Don't we? No, we don't. Come on. It's after 9 at 5. 60 WQ. I'm here's a simple question for you. If somebody offered to give you just hand over to you. Several thousand dollars over the next few years. I am positive you take it. It'll be a little bit stupid, not to take it, which makes it really stupid. The passive chance to refinance or buy a home at just 3.95%. Here's the deal. There's a fanning, a program available at 3.95% for both refinancing and purchasing of homes. Just 3.95% and I don't have to do this call for an annual group at 1-800-9405-53363. That's 1-800-9405363. To give an example, you can get yourself 100 grand with payments of only $475 a month or get you 200 grand with payments of only $950 a month. You'll save yourself a crap load of money. So be downright stupid to pass up a chance like that. Do the math and do the smart thing. Get the details by calling financial group toll-free no less. Call of at 1-800-940-0. That's 1-800-940-0.5363. There were an equal housing lender, credit restrictions, do apply, don't forget. Rates are subject to... 4-48. New person at this program will be reproduced about the express rate of food. No! At WQAM, busy broadcast group incorporated. Holy cow, Aaron's coming. This month at the learning annex, learn how to become a Jedi Knight in two short hours. See? The deactivated... Learn how to use a lightsaber. Learn how to fight clones. How? Sideboard. Darth Vader. Another intergalactic forces. The learning annex Jedi Knight class. And roll now and meet the force B with you. Force was said to begin in the show that they made the Force B with you. And I think we were 917-5-60 WQAM. George Saw Star Wars of Part 85 already. And said, eh, what is the adequate? Better than the first, but that's not saying much. Well, I got 700 reviews of it, but I'll pick out the best one that I got here from... What is this from? CNN.com. It's... It's okay. This will work. Go on to see. Okay. Let your kids drag your long and go see. It'll kill some good time. Also, if you go long ones like an epic, real long, and that doesn't really get going good until the second half, but then it gets good. Yeah, so in other words, bring a book in a flashlight. Bring a playboy in a flashlight and the kids. The greatest TV show of all time. Okay. Here's the 25 survivors from today, and I'll give you the 25 from here. Stay well. Make sure that we got the same 50. We'll put it on the damn website, and then you can do it with it. Okay. Mash. Money Python's Flying Circus did very well, by the way. Cheers. Twilight Zone. Star Trek the next generation. Sesame Street. The X-Files. Friends. Law and Order. ER. West Wing. The Larry Sanders Show. Taxi. The Rockford Files. Rowan and Martin's Lamp in the prisoner. Baywatch. Bonanza. Frasier. Luffy the Vampire Slayer. The Price is Right. Your show of shows. Sand Elsewhere. The Oprah Winfrey Show. And the fugitive. Miss Phil. That's with it. Two eyes. Please. Three eyes. Eric. I just mentioned that. There's no A in fugitive. I just passed that long. Just for what? It's worth there. I mean, I realize that you're very picky about your spelling. So get it right. And then the 25 we had from yesterday from Malay. Are you keeping up with this? Are we following this or what? Are he's already a little bit confusing? All in the family. Beat the pants out everybody yesterday. Sign fell. The Simpsons. They soprano tonight. Joe Johnny Carson. The Honeymooners. I love loosely. Amami Vice. The Osborn. Set her night live. South Park. Hill Street. Blue's 60 minutes. And soap. Leave it to beaver. Benny Hill. Hawaii. Oh. For any Miller. Mission. Impossible. Any Griffith Show. Those are the 50 for the list. We'll have those up there. And you can vote at our neorodges.com. We'll pick the top 20. And then we'll let Schmidt can the whole thing. But a kill some good time though. I think three days right to your four days. Yeah. Oh, right. Exactly. So you can dig around with us with all these technical problems. We don't care. We know how to kill time better than anybody in the world on this show. Work killer. We're bushwinded. So each are hearts out of TV. Guide with your very crappy marginalist. In fact, during the break, I'm going to go to a log on there. Website again and check on and see how they're pub all. Although it doesn't really change very much. The one where the public is voting on their website on TV guide.com. Because considering the fact that it's like a worldwide thing. There just aren't that many people log in under there. Of course, you also ignore log on once on their website. I just mentioned that in passing. Okay. Let's see. I promote. I don't even know if you can understand the thing with you on Mark. I'll do it again later. Join the George Saturday from 2 to 4 for a lot of their Harley on federal highway south of open park Boulevard for a crappy prizes. But free food from little caboose. So, Prano's and drinks from Champion Light. I see. So we did manage to find a way to stick that all in there. Didn't they? Sneaky. You're good. Sneaky friend. Petty Lenny. Get out of our hair already. Petty of bugged the crap out of me. Okay. With all your free promos, you make me sick. You make me want a puke. You make me want a vomit. And don't ever call you again, please. And speaking of appearances. So George tells me that the hot babe at whatever in the whole place is. That's right. That fresh rye was sensational. Elizabeth Hilden. Spectacular. We were a gag. But she was a gag when she saw a fat boy. Yeah. You're going to let that thing near me. I'm surprised she didn't bail out. And I certainly hope that Boca Bryant didn't wear that silly wig when he was there yesterday. No, of course not. That was just a cute thing for a while there. But what do you say of course not? When he brought that in that one, he was serious. No, he wasn't. Yes, he was. He wanted to be Joe Peshie Jr. A big blonde wig, which sure is. I'll be some of the herpes as I've seen lately. But at any rate, Boca was warned of hijacking plot. Everybody's talking about this now. And you know, like, you know, they'll say where there's no sense. There's no feeling. Uh-huh. In the weeks before the September 11 of the tax president, Boca was told by US intelligence that Osama bin Laden's terrorist network might hijack American airplanes prompting the administration to issue a private warning to federal agencies to White House finally acknowledged last night. But officials said the president and US intelligence didn't know that suicide hijackers were plotting to use planes as missiles as they did against the World Trade Center and the Pentagon. Right. There's been longstanding speculation shared with the president about the potential of hijackings in the traditional sense White House press secretary Ari Flasher said. We had general threats involving Osama, Yomama bin Laden around the world, and including in the United States and all the ships at sea. He said the administration acting on the information received last summer notified the appropriate agencies that hijackings in the traditional sense were possible. The warning was never made publicly said. The development first reported by CBS News comes as congressional investigators intensify their study of whether the government failed to adequately respond to warnings of a suicide hijacking before September 11. The first direct link between Bush and intelligence gathered before September 11 about the attacks. I thought it was just going to say it was the first direct link between Bush and intelligence. Flasher would not discuss when or how the information was given to Bush, but a senior administration official speaking on condition of anonymity said the president was made aware of the potential for hijacking severe plans during one or more routine intelligence briefings last summer. And keep in mind now that we know that the FBI and the president and all the ships at sea that they had warnings even if it was just the traditional sense of hijackings. How come we didn't have like air marshals on the planes? Oh, that would cost money. I see. Just just thinking out loud. I mean even assuming that we didn't have any idea even though we knew that the regards like Musawi who were like learning to fly, you know, in a straight line and not land or take a, to take off. But even assuming that we were too stupid to figure that out, how come it is we didn't have any federal marshals on the airplanes? The CIA would not confirm what it told Bush, but the agency said the issue had been lodged attempting in airline hijacking was among a number of terrorist methods raised to US government officials at the time. But there was no information that suggested hijackers would crash planes into American landmarks and there was no mention of a date the CIA official said, but you know if the CIA is going to get it right, we have to have a date and a time. Otherwise forget about it. The information was based on intelligence obtained by the US government official said without specifying, I will tell you there was of course a general awareness or a sum of you mom had been ladden and the threats around the world including the US. And if you recall last summer, we publicly alerted and gave a warning about potential threats on the Arabian Peninsula, fly sure said, Well he makes me sick, you know. He just makes me nauseous. But he said Bush had never been told about the potential for suicide hijackers doing the planes toward US targets, still acting on the information the government did have, the administration notified the appropri agencies. I think that's one of the reasons we saw people who committed the 911 attacks, used box cutters and plastic knives, take it around America's system of protecting and hijackers he said. What does that mean? Huh? I don't get it either. First of all, it's widely believed the box cutters were already planted under the seats, like once they found Atlanta that we never heard any more about. So what does that mean? Fleshyer said he didn't know what agencies were notified of what they were told. Schluck, haphazard, Schluck, just like it's continuing to go on right. Is that right, Norma Netta? Uh-huh. You bet, Schluck, dog and pony show. The AP reported earlier this month that FBI headquarters did not act on a memo last July for material to be committed to a zone office warning that were large number of Arabs seeking pilots security and airport operations training, at at least one US flight school in which urge to check of all flights schools to identify possible more possible Middle Eastern students. A section of that classified memo also makes a passing reference to Osama, Yamama, been logged in speculating that I'll cut another such groups could organize such flight training. Officials said, however, that the memo offered no evidence, been loud and was behind the students that raised the concern. Senator BDI Bob Graham, a Florida, they sent intelligence committee chairman, said to her spokesman yesterday that the revelations in the memo is marked an important discovery and Congress's investigation into why the FBI, the CIA and other US agencies failed to earn and prevent these September 11 plot. It represents a failure to connect the dots, said Graham spokesman Paul Anderson. This was dismissed rather lightly at FBI headquarters. The FBI, that's the chigrin of woodpug, you know what I'm talking about? Yep, they're too busy reading those all those spicy files that gave the Hoover left behind about everybody's sexual pecker Dillos. The FBI is also faced have quite thing about whether failed to act aggressively enough after Resting Zacharias Musawi, that Frenchman of Moroccan descent with a big bald head and august after raised concerns by seeking flight training at that Minnesota flight school, where you just wanted to learn how to fly in a straight line and not take off and land, etc. Musawi has emerged as the loan defendant charged in the aftermath of the attacks which killed more than a mile, you know that. FBI director Robert Mueller repeatedly has said he wished the FBI had acted more aggressively in addressing the Arizona Minnesota leads, but said nothing the FBI possessed before 9.11 pointed the multiple airliner hijacking club. The FBI would know a guy named hijacker if he walked right in with a guy named Gunther for it and said stick him up asshole and let me acid it the controls. They wouldn't get it. They wouldn't get it and they can't get it. The FBI to make a long story short. 9.26 at 5.60 WQM here I'll tell you something else that blows and that's running around all over town in the hot in the heat and of course in the rain. What's the point? What's the point of getting soaked and running from one expensive department store to some stupid vetting store? When you can just sit right there and you're nice comfortable room unless you got a leak in the room and called dialometres. 1.800 mattress like I always do. Every few years even the best mattress in the world where there's out of gets lumpy and bumpy and crappy not going to lie forever. As a result your back starts giving you the message it's time for a great new mattress. So just make that one easy call to 1.800 mattress and take out the cert of the secret the Simmons King Royal mattress that you like and want. Don't have an insuck ready for almost immediate delivery because when you call dialometres you pick the day and the two are window for your delivery when it's going to be convenient for you any day the week seven days. Some other companies make you sit on your ass all day and then you'll be lucky if they show up. Not a dialometres you picked it to our window like 11 to 1 2 to 4 3 to 5. It's set of them and so on 5 to 7 30. You also get a 30 day in home comfort here in T. So you can test your mattress the right way by sleeping on it and doing your thing on it to see if it's exactly the one you want. If not, no problem though they'll swap it for you. Nobody can match the dialometres is everyday low prices either. So instead of getting soaked or spits in your brains out just make the one easy call they'll be knocking on the door. No time at all. You'll be sleeping like a child as soon as the night call 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TTR EAS or check them on their wicked worldwide. This Friday lies on Baltimore and sports when you buy 60. You weigh in. Oh my god. Life is a bitch. My boss is a witch. 60 hours every week and I'll never be rich. Send in my call. I stay at home. What price is rice? Keep to my white white white white get drunk all night. Is send in my call. I lead a call. I would play calls. And ties with the ballets. Send my old dead on the white get's in some toys. While he's at work with the fresh air the stress and the noise. I call my home. I hear a call. Think of the grass. Take my family to bed. I spend the morning sitting there as you do some of my ass. Send in my call. I lead a call. Okay. I'm going to get to the close in just a second. I'm going to get to the close in just a second. I'm going to get to the close in just a second. I'm going to get to the close in just a second. I'm going to get to the close in just a second. I'm going to get to the close in just a second. I'm going to get to the close in just a second. I'm going to get to the close in just a second. So anyway he faxes again today and says, believe me, I tell you it is real. Nobody was more shocked than I was. I've asked twice for this lunatic to do as he said and share with me how the homeless voice helps the homeless. But as he hasn't responded, you think he will me either. I just want to know this is legit. And he again faxes me the thing the response that he got from the this is from the brow chamber commerce. But like I said, they must have somebody on the inside there from homeless voice or the facts. If this faxes, please allow me to share God's words with you when the son of man comes in his glory and they holy angels with him. Then he'll sit on the throne. Yadi ade. I close through all this religious goblty. Look, then the righteous will answer him saying, Lord, you're these are the very words of Jesus. The son of God. What have you done for the needy to pour the homeless lately or in your lifetime? I'd be glad to share with you the facts concerning how the homeless voice is indeed helping the homeless. That's the message they facts to back. So obviously that's something provided by by the homeless voice people. Right, like they're forwarding those emails to them or a representative there up. See he originally Bob and Hollywood originally had sent them this facts to the brow chamber commerce. I find your association in support of the homeless voice organization deplorable. There's nothing more this is nothing more than a cult that's unleashed on our streets to bother citizens and disrupt traffic. In my opinion, using very bad judgment, lining yourselves with this man's cause himself. Which was a very good facts from Bob, but then they'll be spotting him with a bunch of religious scabbledy ghosts. Very, very sad. Brower chamber of commerce, communist to communist to anti-clist or whatever they want to call them. They suck. Of course, don't most chamber of commerce is suck. It's nothing but like a puff piece. You know anybody who's a member of the chamber right away they get the squeal of approval anybody who's not, you know, they give them the old bough on Google. So we can't put it off any longer. Now how did you happen to see this attack of the clones? Because there was an advanced screening. Was he yesterday? Right. I have a friend. Oh. Let me see his copy. Hi. Hi. So it's another one of these illegal copies that that's exactly what friend of a friend of a friend of a friend. How many did you see this like about six months ago? Yesterday. Hmm. Likely story. Anyway, here's a review. I read about 45 different reviews of the movie before I picked out one I liked the best anybody. Believe that. Well, I read a few. Because I sure as hell didn't see it. Where'd I see it? I don't have any friends up here that got copies of all the way. Did see a small real last night. Oh, thank God. I didn't forget about that last night. That was great. That was one of the better episodes. The only bad news. And I didn't notice I paid attention to Clark's feet last night and bought is he have big ones or what and feed too. Man. Six three and size 14 feet one. I can only begin to imagine what's all the rest of that is all about. Of course, he couldn't get late in the warehouse on that show that that's that's what makes it so amusing. So hysterical. Is he just can't make up his mind between Chloe and is it Lana, Laura, whatever the hell her name is? Lada. Lana. Now did you see it? On Tuesday. Yeah. I didn't see. There he goes. I was watching a hockey game on Tuesday. I feel have to pardon me. I had more important priorities. But it's on since I get a chance to watch it on Wednesday on global here. There's no problem. And I'm sure was the same episode right tomorrow where the guy tried to kill both the and of course, Clark was there to save them both and did the crypt out of the ground and said to him so on. That was it. And right at the end of the show, of course, Lex Luther who just really getting on my freak and there's all at least we didn't see daddy last night. Thank God. That's going to be for next week. Which I won't be on vacation next week. And Amsterdam won't be able to see the last episode of the season. God dammit. But is that for us? My ass. Somebody's going to have to tape that for me. Something about Lex that I didn't notice before until this episode. People that had like bulbous bulbs. Well, he's bald. Yeah, well, besides that, but people that have bulbous knobs on the backs of their heads shouldn't be sporting that hero style. I never noticed any bulbous. The bulbous knobs looks like a big boil on the back of his head. But it's part of the notice that. Well, I didn't know that. Well, I didn't know that. I've had a bulbous to one, but another. Yeah, a big knob. But at any rate. Now, what that was I just talking about before you start with the. You're talking about bulbous and taping it and you're going to Amsterdam and. Well, but about something in the show. Oh, yeah, right before the end of the show, of course, he gets that his henchmen now, his crazy doctor that Lex Lufus got working for him. He's got that thing in a bag, you know, that he found from one of the spaceship landed. They're searching for the meteorites, yada yada yada yada. And of course, nobody suspicious at all makes sense to me. The fact that Clark is like, you know, putting an arm in the ground and like all of a sudden pulling that grip. Nobody asked any questions about it. And like, how did you get me out of here? You know, things like that. Right, right. No, nobody's ever watching when that happens. In fact, what's your name, Lana, she's having more visions than charity on passions before she got put on ice and zombie charity replaced her all by the way speaking of that for my passions people today. It's a must see today. As poor grace gets a pain in an neck and a pain in the back because there's on be charities threatening old Tabitha with a foodu doll of grace and keeps sticking up in an neck and grace. That like that. It's a beautiful thing. Oh, well, how do I going to be able to keep my sanity not seeing all these great shows, you know, for a week in Amsterdam? I don't know. I'm half the cancel. Don't you think? No. That'd be a good pull question. What would you rather do? Spend a weekend Amsterdam? Looks like the weather's going to be beautiful by the way. Temperature like 68 to 75 every day for next several days. Would you rather like spend a weekend Amsterdam or would you rather stick around a lot of small villain the passions? Because I'm not going to get either one of those over there. I'm going to have to think about that. Okay, just decided. Twenty-tilt ten. We'll get to the review here. We'll get to all the stuff. A little bit behind time today because, and by the way, the pull is up. Eric got that up real fast. Nice goal. And Eric has his George Facts into him about eight hours ago. But seriously, the pull is already up our final definitive. This is the one. Whatever show you like, this is on there now because these are the top fiddly. The greatest TV show of all time. And then of course, once we get your votes in tomorrow, we'll have for you the top 20 of all time. Based on of course, not some stupid and sippin pull by TV guide and their suit and lectures. What do they have? Oh yeah, they had sign fell. Well, twenty-tilt ten at five sixty WQAM. Hey, Clark Kent would like to know how do you like to have a big one, huh? A big paycheck. Of course, that's what we're talking about. Some serious cash. If you do like some, if you wouldn't the one, be you haven't some, then fast-trick it up. You achieve a brand new career in just four short months. You can actually double the signs of yours. Your paycheck by becoming a computer professional before this summer's over. Fast-trained offers you Microsoft certified instructors. No payments for a four year. God placement assistance day in evening classes and they got four convenient locations. All over date and brought including the brand new campus in Kinnel. So now there's no reason for putting it off anymore. They're close by you. Call fast-trained tool free at one eight six six fast train or check them out on that wicked worldwide web at fast-trained.com. Don't forget fast-trained can really and legitimately have you certified ready for a brand new money making Korean as little as four months. So call him today because nobody should have to settle for a small puny and embarrassing one. Take it for me. Call fast-trained tool free at eight six six fast train or fast-trained locations license by the state commission. Peace that's afternoon from Koryfield in Colorado. Tell us your turn three on switch real five 60 Q a M. Why you airing like this? Once upon a time there was a charming young bachelor. The force be with you searching for the woman of his dream. Hmm, scary baby. A little Jedi love that you need. And 25 women trying to prove they're the one. Yoda is the QB for you. Thank you. When one man is involved with more than one woman, there's bound to be trouble. You've been strong at least I'm the same species like me for eyes. Who will he choose? All of my 12 breaths are real. Find out on. Hold on to my one. Two Bachelor. 945 with 560 WQM everybody in their brother and I was going to be talking about this. George saw because a friend of his has got an illegal copy of attack of the clones. Now let me see if you think this is going to be a good review if I read the first sentence I think you can pass judgment. It says now that I've had this is by Paul Tatarah. CNN reviewer. Now that I've had a couple of you they've had a couple of years to process it in Dignity's. Most people are set that Star Wars Episode 1, the Phantom Menace dump like a rotting Bantacarkas. Absolutely correct there. So we're moving in the right direction with this review I think. He says so it's nice to report that Episode 2 attack of the clones as a considerable improvement. Even though it features several laughable courtships scenes and lots of wouldn't expose to a dialogue. Until he pulls an entertaining highly unexpected move near the end of the picture even Yoda seems vaguely uninterested. So far the nail. Without don't interrupt sorry until next time. Okay. Without giving too much away attack of the clones is said 10 years after the events depicted in the Phantom Menace. A separatist movement consisting of hundreds of planets and corporate alliances is stirring up more trouble than Jedi forces can handle. Anakin Skywalker Hayden Christensen. Who looks and I don't care what you say. He's still at least in this picture in the paper to the animal. It looks like do we ever know what anybody looks like until we like see him in the flesh? Of course not because they got lots of makeup on. I looked on a website here just before the show since we were talking about that. And there's pictures of him where he looks like like the beast. Oh no he looks really nasty. And then there's another one where he looks like pretty damn good. And he is 19 by the way just mentioned that so he can all be a shape. All of he does look about 15. I would definitely check ID with him. So we don't really know what he looks like. But anyway Anakin Skywalker Hayden Christensen who's now an irritable Jedi in training. Wristles under the tutelage of Obi-Wan Kenobi. You and McGregor virtually channeling elegance. When an attempt is made on the life of Senator Padme Amadala, Natalie Portman, Anakin whisper away to the safer and more conveniently romantic planet Naboo. Amagin all these names right? Yeah you're nailing them. Good. Because needless to say I have a gut and legal copy of this. And the picture that's in the national post in the arts in the life section this morning. And again you don't know what somebody looks like until you see them in the flesh. But all I can say about poor what's her name? An Natalie Portman is because she's standing right behind Hayden Christensen here. She ain't too good. I think she's high. Oh, look if she's hot, this has to be the worst picture. And you've all seen this picture because this is why the promotional pictures that they, Everybody's been shown, you know. We're, we're hating this stand. They're kind of like looking off and she's standing right behind with her head on his ass. And then this other goofball is like us got this start to look on his face. You and the Gregor. Me and who? Yeah you and the Gregor. You and your mama. I'll always bring your mom into this. I maybe mama'd like to see that, huh? No, she would be a Spanish language version. Anyway, can I continue with say please? It's not real long. For the most part Lucas cuts between the preordained Anakin Amadela Courchip and Obi-Wan trying to determine why he deceased Jedi, allegedly placed in order for thousands of combat ready clones. This leads as you might expect to lots of whizzing around in zippy space vehicles, the occasion lightsaber battle, and scores of creatures with variously extended craniums. Kind of like the EQM sales department at Sounds like. That's about to just a bit but Lucas knows that millions of fanatics won't settle for a mere just never mind that the first Star Wars picture was designed and marketed as a trifle. Consequently, we're forced to endure endless scenes in which roboring actors, including Samuel Jackson as Jedi Master Mace Windu, solemnly entone the basic conflicts in dilemmas. Delimus. These interludes don't choke the rhythm as much as they did in the last installment to be sure, but there's no avoiding their seriously inflated importance. Luckily, a lengthy digital riff-a-finaly, all the guarantees that most viewers will exit the theater and a state of adrenaline for getfulness. Wow, does that sum that up? That was perfect. That was exactly right. It's not finished. Oh, sorry, but so far they've got their finger on it. He's got his thumb on it. Okay. In fact, in this picture looks like Hayden's got, and I don't care what anybody says, but in this picture, he's a lot prettier than she is. She looks like one of the Mia sisters to me there. She's beat eddy, poor man. But anyway, maybe it's just a bad picture. Maybe it's like a bad angle. Maybe it's bad lighting. You think so? No. I think she's a beast. Anyway, there are, of course, several technologically dazzling set pieces, including an early one involving career career-rearing airborne traffic, or that's supposed to be careneing. I think it's supposed to be careneing. Yeah, it's a misprint. Nice going, CNN. You guys suck. Involving careneing airborne traffic that's more of an amusement park ride than an actual scene, but much of the second act is spent on Anakin and Emma Della coming to terms with their feelings for one another. Unfortunately, given Lucas's proven act for Lousy dialogue, you can't help but snicker at the two lovebirds. Special mention has to go to Anakin's head scratching segue between complaining about beat sand and marbling at Emma Della's Sophie's smooth complexion for a couple of terrifying seconds. It seems like he might start singing. Anakin is embodied by Christians in his kind of needlessly moody kid. You might see getting punched out in a derri Queen parking lot. It's difficult to determine exactly what the more mature Amidala season, and accept that they have to get it on in time for Luke and Leia to pop up an episode for the original Star Wars. Lucas also displays a distinct loss of nerve when it comes to illustrating Anakin's swing to the dark side. A pivotal slaughter that he perpetrates against the canphal of semi-innocence is suggested rather than shown, almost certainly because it's hard to sell action figures depicting Guy who butchers people on camera. So it's a mixed bag, but not as dreadfully mixes the last one. The difficulty in trying to critique the Star Wars films is that millions of viewers are so convinced beforehand of its glorious achievement. They're wanting to hear that it's a religious experience. Attack of the clones, drags in parts, some of it's exciting, it looks like you're cost several trillion dollars to make, just like Spider-Man. If you're after anything more than that, it's up to you to find it. That was great, and that's it. Now at the bottom he points out he says there's violence, lots of noise and assorted ikiness and attack of the clones, including some nasty-looking space caterpillars, but it's in trouble anyone. Why is this move? Jar Jar Binks is that correct? That's correct. Who has yet to be strangled as only around for a couple of minutes? Coolest addition, Amadella's Chrome spaceship, time to get in line for episode 3. It says, so that's a pretty good review by a Paul Tantara, that was an excellent review. In Cia, I'm not seeing it. Not too bad. That's where everybody go out and see it, okay, because they want your money. I'm going to go see it in the theater. I'm not. Maybe I'll go see it, and I'm just the time you think. What not? Take some body plan there. I don't think so. I don't think so. I'll be doing more important stuff like taping music off of MTV Parts 1-100 did. That's what I'll be doing. Now what's all this stuff? Oh, Krispy cream. I'm looking at this stuff you just backed me. Canadian marijuana reform, consider to US. Too bad. Too freaking bad. Yeah, consider. Like the Canadians are going to pay any attention to what George is telling them to do. About the wicked way. Hey, blow it out your ass, George. Man, who are these people kidding? They want the whole world to be as repressive and back as far as they are. Oh, dear, we're just really different. Maryland, water, deliciously different. Maryland, water. Who would have thought you'd look long enough to see this hearings by Canadian Parliamentarians into legalizing marijuana? And even more amazing is who's running the hearings? Senators whose average age is tended to those 55 plus, but today in Regina the kicked off a series of meetings aimed at looking at whether it's time to take smoking pot off the list of crimes in Canada and framing these discussions is a little low to support they just issued reaching some start link inclusions. The Senate committee concludes there is no convincing evidence that smoking pot leads to using harder drugs. It says marijuana use does not induce users to commit other crimes or engage in risky activity, such as driving quickly. Like for example, drugs like that very legal booze. Of course, if we didn't have booze, we'd have no sporting events. The Senate also found that one in every three Canadian kids age 15 and 16 is smoked at least once in last month and that one and a half million Canadians have a crown record because of what the Senate calls simple possession. Ground breaking stuff, but this reporting Canada's willingness to allow people to use marijuana for medical purposes also seems to raise the ira of the US in a significant way. We've learned that its drugs are as pressure in Canadian authorities not to loosen Canadian law and he's carrying a very big stick threatening trade sanctions if we don't do what he wants. Like that. Wow. On the street it's called BC but an American demand for it is reaching new highs. Sources posted the US DEA say will soon issue a report claiming there are 15 to 20,000 marijuana growing operations in British Columbia alone and 95% of the output is headed south. So keep an eye out for it, George. I will. I'm going to go to the border right now. Tell a Colombio to keep an eye out for it. A dramatic increase in the gross quantity of marijuana of high potency coming across the borders is Colonel Robert McGinnis, a US government advisor on drug policy. He says the Bush administration is alarmed by a recent Senate's study that says Canada's marijuana laws are ineffective as opposed to like those in the US. The US fears the next step could be elusive regulations leading to more drugs crossing the border and it's ready to play a hardball with trade to make sure it doesn't happen. Oh my god. To antagonize government leaders and grassroots leaders because you insist in having a radical drug policy that we will not ignore in the long term then it's going to have to have adverse consequences and I hope we'd be able to re-react them five before it comes to blows explains McGinnis. The US is closely watching the Canadian marijuana debate and is working behind the scenes to influence the outcome. Next month the president's chief of drug policy attends a drug conference in Quebec and he'll make sure his counterparts understand that the US opposes liberalization. The whole world has to go step in line with the US and put everybody in jail for a few you know. Pin joints. As for the Canadian government solicitor General Lawrence McColley did not respond when asked of candidates being pressured by the US, the organization for the reform of marijuana laws as the Americans have a habit of throwing their way around to influence other countries drug laws. Ottawa was pushing ahead with plans to provide government, grome medical marijuana people with serious illness but those efforts appear to be installed but the American angst over medical marijuana use may be a little bit premature. As a Friday fewer than 255 Canadians have received licenses to smoke and of those 164 can smoke their own because enough government grown is available yet. End of story. So there you go your government hard at work the United States trying to pressure the Canadians and everybody else in the guy they are involved to tighten up those laws through a lot of people in jail because the wicked we you know what was on on that channel that you've Jones it for the driving classics last night's one of this yes one guess. Refer madness. It was on. Faster. Yeah great channel. Oh I can't believe we don't have that in here. Oh yeah that's that thing in sure. That's right you're going to be pounded on that pan or real fast baby when you start smoking at work you wait a wacky weed. Like a bunch of overgrown children just like they said the other day even the Republicans even the the most are sure the right winger said hey you know these drug ads are when are waste of time not getting the job done. 9.56 at 5.60 WQA a summer time is coming even though in spite of the crappy rainy day today the heat is inseparable humidity is unacceptable but only a metas one product that will make you feel your best to keep you in good health in spite of any of the conditions in South Florida the awful allergens in here and all of the crap. All of you as a softfield caps and that contains pharmaceutical grade all of all along with vitamins and with minerals and robles to promote health for your prostate and heart for your blood pressure and cholesterol. They've got a separate supplement to promote health and your circulatory system. There's one for digestive and endocrine systems your skin and bones even when to help your mind and it certainly couldn't hurt. All using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade all of oil and don't forget all of your meds got a whole lot of products for man and for your ladies out there as well. All of your meds available in stores all over town you can pick some up two day and Walgreens Whole food markets. Navarro pharmacy or sedanos it's a phenomenal new product that's helped thousands of people in South Florida stay healthy. So if you want to get some or you want to get some information about what they do just call them toll free they'll be happy to answer your questions call 866 Olio Med. 1866 Olio Med or other products on their website Olio Med America. Do an evaluation of prices $6000 to give it the full details. Thank you. Thank you. This is a special day. Thank you. This is a special day. Thank you. This is a special day. This is a special day. This is a special day. This is a special day. This is a special day. This is a special day. This is a special day. This is a special day. This is a special day. This is a special day. This is a special day. This is a special day. This is a special day. This is a special day. This is a special day. This is a special day. This is a special day. This is a special day. This is a special day. This is a special day. This is a special night for me for a lot of reasons. Jan Agrino's here. I just love this guy. Now some of you might think I've been busy writing my memoirs. I'm not concerned about my memoirs. I'm concerned about my resume. And they tell me I have to use the active voice with a resume. You know things like commanded US Armed Forces. Sir, three terms was president. Everybody in Bellagia is a little. Design, built in painted bridge to 21st century. Generated, attracted, heightened and maintained controversy. Supervised by President's invention of the internet. But being realistic, I would consider an executive position with another country. You like me, you like me. Panel 3 at 560, WQM happy Thursday, Tua. Greatest TV show of all time. Here's our run-off today. The run-off election with our 50 last choices for the top 20. Simpsons has got 11. Can you believe that? Of course. That's what I voted for. Mass has got nine. All on a family eight. Money Python's flying circus six star trek. Their generation five signed filled five and the single digit. It's only been up a few minutes. But it's up there. It's weighton on your rogis.com. Florida law enforcement. The threes have asked Bahamas police for helping to search for missing five year old radio Wilson as spokesman for the US Embassy in Nassau. Said yesterday. The Florida Department of Law Enforcement is in touch with the Royal Behemian police about certain leads. Said embassy spokesman Brian Bachman. Bachman said he doesn't know the specifics but that Bahemian police have been asked to investigate the possibility that radio Wilson might be in the Bahamas. According to Bachman, the US Embassy is also calling on newspapers to feature photos of radio and hopes that someone there may have seen the girl whose last document had visit with a case worker was in January of 2001. Radio was placed in legal custody of Pamela Graham in 1999 after parental rights were terminated for the girl's parents. Uh, Gerald and Graham. The sister of radio's caretaker said the girl was taken from them by a person who claimed to be a Florida Department of Children and Family Services Cakes case worker. The DCFS said it has no record of radio being removed from the home of Pamela Graham from her care. The FDLE has been in police to investigate whether Gerald and Graham has any relatives in the Bahamas and looking to report that she tried to pass herself off as the daughter of a Bahemian Prime Minister Bachman said. This is the bitch that's got like 33 separate identities. Right. In the 1982 arrest form for Grant Thav, Gerald and Graham used an alias and gave her birthplaces in Bahamas. Gerald and Graham told CNN she was born in Mississippi. Well, they're close. The FDLE is offering a $25,000 reward for information leading to it. We're in use recovery. So the most we'd go on. Nobody's got any freaking idea where the hell she is if she's dead alive in between. Nobody knows. This thing that somebody facked in about crispy cream. This is shocking, isn't it? I thought it was very fascinating. Well, this is from our same friend who's a busy beaver there with the, alright, brow chamber commerce. At least here's somebody that cares enough to send us very best. And get some inane response from the chamber comister and brower which sucks the, whew! Chamber commerce blows. I just imagine that in passing. But if you go out of business in Brart County, probably better a joint. Otherwise they'll give you in the, you know what they'll give you. They'll give you the canary. But anyway, this says, would you pay, did you take a look at this? I, I skimmed it. Shocking million. Crispy cream sells more than just donuts. It also sells opportunity. But if you're interested in the path to sugary riches, understand this, it'll cost you. In a few months, the new crispy cream store in West Palm Beach will open. And until then, James Constantina was counting the seconds. Constantina, when native of Buffalo, is part owner of that store. And because the already owns two other crispy cream locations, he's got a pretty good idea of what one can expect come opening day. At 530 that morning, he'll hit in a mob of people and waiting outside for hours for the warm donuts, streaming from his ovens at a rate of 2640 per hour. The event will probably be covered by a TV news crew, most crispy cream openings are. And in his first week, Constantina will take an almost as much in revenue as the typical Duncan doughnut store makes in a year. How do you like that? That's a bit of a difference. In the first week, he'll take an almost as much in revenue as the typical Duncan doughnut store makes in a year. Maybe that's why the Duncan doughnuts people stop driving all the way down from Palm Beach County with those three doughnuts. And we'll dollar another good stuff to use to bring. Maybe it was just like a little bit off the top. They couldn't handle the overhead. Or maybe depot pissed them off, which I think is the real story about something we don't know about. In case you haven't noticed, it says Duncan doughnut's likely hands. North Carolina based crispy cream has become a full-fledged phenomenon on the food business. Lonst in 1937 by Vernon Rudolph has set the onto panor with a secret French doughnut recipe and a potty act. The company went on notice for decades before it spaded nationally in the mid 1990s in part through franchise locations like the one consenetino ah ohms. It held a public offering in April, 2000 and since then it stocked us up about 300%. For fiscal 2002, the chain took in $394 million in revenue and it sells for locations open up at least 18 months or up almost 13%. Impressive in the fast food and running out of real-tailed business. No wonder consenetino's impatient for his Florida store to open. So one there on 160-3rd Street, the crispy cream, right? That's been there for 100 years, as long as I can remember. That's been there. I've been in South Florida for 26 years plus and that's there on positive has been there all the time. Now let's see, it says Lonst in 37 and went to the National mid 1990s, but that was been there for a couponsage. In fact, what's right next to it? There's some kind of an egg-ary diner with the holiday call at place, the Hammond Egg-ary? No. That's a different place I think. I don't know. But anyway, it's a very famous diner. That's right next to it. And they've been right there in a quote of 116th year and whatever it has that street is there for forever. I think that's worth these six thabin' in. Whatever the hell it is, like I just said. Of course, peaches isn't there anymore? No, we'll feed it anymore. White people aren't there anymore? No! But nevertheless, I bet you a lot of white folks step by at the crispy cream though. In the daytime. Just like Wayne Arnold, there's no white people living in that neighborhood are there? Not a one. No. Not a chance. But there are a lot of white folks in dark folks in and between and somewhere on the side of you. Kind of like mixed breeds. Like Georgia's family. They stop in there at Wayne Arnold. Excuse me. In the daytime, I said half breeds of. But it and that's what Greg told me to say. I'm sure. But if you think that donuts are popular, you should see a lot of people trying to get a piece of the business. It says crispy cream isn't signing on any new franchisees right now. It plans to open in the next 18 to 24 months. Yet about 500 people call or email each week to ask for applications. That's even more surprising when you realize how much the stores cost. Almost $2 million on average. Wow. Wow. In order of magnitude more than other fast food places, even McDonald's, the McDatty of all franchises cost far less. Topping out at about 750 grand per location. And assuming you have $2 million to open a crispy cream and the required restaurant experience, you still have to campaign like a Senate candidate to get accepted. Costs and Tina was worked in the restaurant industry for 30 years and owns 19, TGI fried Azen 6 Denny's locations. Even so it took him two years and three trips to company headquarters before he finally got the nod. Kevin Gordon and Ex-Baker were specialized in lending to franchisees, called every business day for six months before winning a contract to open nine stores in his hometown of Houston. Nine stores that are custom like only 18 million. Let me ask you this. You had 18 million or you could get a hold of 18 million. What do they have to open up a donut shop for? I don't know. It'd be pretty busy I think. Yeah. In addition to which, call me crazy. You're crazy. But McDonald's cost about 750 grand per location and it's two million for crispy cream, which would you assume automatically without looking at anybody's books? Which would you assume would be a bigger money maker? Naturally. McDonald's. No contest. All of which makes you wonder says this article. Did these people actually know what they're doing? Can any donut shop even one this popular actually be worth two million dollars? To find out we spoke to dozens of franchising experts and went through the numbers ourselves, comparing crispy creams initial investment operating expenses with those of similar franchises. The answer is, it really is worth that much, at least for now. All companies are required by the FTC to tell prospective franchises exactly how their business is operate through a phone book size document called a uniform franchising offer offering circular UFOC. Can we say that? I think you just did. But don't rearrange those letters. In the crispy cream UFOC some of the requirements aren't too surprising. For example, the company charges a non-refundable $40,000 fee that's akin to membership dues. It gives you the rights to a specific location for 15 years. Duncan donuts charges 40 grand and Tim Horton's a Canadian donut franchise on by Wendy's charges 35 grand. How's he doing? How's Tim Horton doing by the way? Maybe suit him up for the game tonight. The crispy cream contract also requires that all franchises give the company 4.5% of their total sales as a royalty fee plus 2% to help pay for brand development and public relations cost in the franchise business such fees are fairly standard. But other aspects of the crispy cream application are more daunting. For example, you need $5 million in network to apply and you also need ownership and operating experience of multi-unit food service operations. So for the get forget the art's typical franchisee, the middle manager who took early retirement from zerox and addition to company wants only area developers mega franchisees who commit opening at least 10 stores in a given region outback steak house uses a similar agreement. In part that allows the company to expand more quickly. It's 23 cori-dary developers are contractually bound to open up 250 stores by 2007. But there's another reason. Crispy cream is doing so well they don't want to take the chance to give you to a mom and pop his Jordan Adan former chairman of Boston Chicken who now invest in early stage franchise companies. How's that Boston Chicken stock doing? Oh yeah, that's hot. If your applications approved, you can expect to pay about $1.35 million to open a crispy cream which covers furniture and fixtures that don't want to make equipment and your initial inventory acts of things like dough conditioner and multi-barling flower. That's about five times what the international franchise association considered standard for most operations doesn't even include the real estate. That'll take on another half a million dollars or so depending on what you're building your in which brings the total nearly two million dollars per location making crispy cream the costliest food franchise available anywhere in the universe. Honey like that, let's open one up. What do you say? All right. Got some money. Any depth of profits. See, that's another thing. They're great. They're delicious. But boy, you talk about addicted because they're just loaded. I mean, pure sugar. They're just, it's just sugar and dough when you say. Mm, sugar and dough. What show? What, Rippy. Yeah. And you know what I did, which is done? I mean, can you imagine how good they be if you put them in the microwave for about like four seconds? Just to kind of like melt up that gooey and make the sugar coating under like even extra gooey. He's just going to kill us. Oh, sorry. Sorry, please. He's freaking out. Yeah. Get yourself a box of those crispy creams and put about a half a dozen in the microwave for about seven or eight seconds. By the way, we have to have this way in today. We almost forgot about that. Oh, yeah. We're going to have a weigh in after the break with a beast. These are not going to be here like Mara. So he wants to talk about it today. Like I said, 12 minutes after 10 at 5. 60 WQM. If you want a fantastic meal, speak in a photo. I'm sorry, Beast. Armored pillow cafe is just a place. You stay out of there. Okay. It's not for people trying to lose weight because the food there is sensational. It is gourmet. It's sensational. But I will say this. They do have things on a menu that aren't fatning. But watch out for the desserts. It's an institution in software armored pillow cafe. They started way back on debut road extension years ago. Back when I was on Zayden, help put them on a map. It was in a very inauspicious looking place. But because the food was so great. Because it was so sensational. They grew to one of the most popular ones. The best restaurants in town in O'Tamadol. Now they're in a great new location armored pillow cafe. There are 3,400 South University drive just between 5.95 and Griffin Road and Davy in the pizza loft plaza. Be on pair with imports. Kitty corner where we're safe. These buffet used to be. And boy, the food at armored pillow cafe. Like I said, is unbelievable. Start out with an appetizer like the Tequila grilled shrimp with corncakes. Or they tempura island princess conc. Try one of their terrific spinach salads with glazed pecans or the pistachio Questa mozzarella salad with lemon basil dressing. The enthrase I prepared with the best and freshest ingredients that money can buy. Try the pan-seared yellowtail snapper with roasted peppers. Or the sea bass with sweet corn and veal glaze. Choose from dozens of other mouthwatering enthrase under a big menu. Like I said, they got plenty of stuff that's not fatning. But look out when dessert comes because man. The cream brulee and the warm chocolate fritters covered in hot bud. We'll send you into orbit. The roger will be at least 800 minimum. Call Armadillo Cafe for reservations 954-4239954. That's 9-544-4239954. They've been voted one of the best restaurants in Brouard for the past 14 years in a row. Armadillo Cafe is smoke free. There's lots of free parking as well as complimentary valley park. Check them on the web too if you like Armadillo Cafe.com. Be sure to tell them that old Neil, who remembers them well. Center Buy. They'll take good care. You'll eat like a king in queen. At the Armadillo Cafe. From Mark Lange, D'You, cover it up under way. It's good. It's a sports renewal 5-60. A fan's beginning to blow the blow. Who the place to like? It's a perfect tent to new into a Negro. White Fort Waterdale, Charles and New York City. Join me tonight for a channel 10 under the coverage report of a danger. Subachieving a golden chance. Plus, the dangers of redcrumble up in your toaster. Channel 10, don't blur weather. With channels well, linear allegers, John Matthews. This is John Matthews, given at it. Here's the latest on Florida's deadly drought. Another beautiful day of sunshine comes your way. Enjoying Christy Clover. For part 7 of our special report on the safety of lactation suction devices. Channel 10, you swiss news. You can't use. 10, I've seen it 5, 60. WC, we got Joe Rose again for the Mad Dog who's in Ireland. Joe will be on with a short show today. One to two 30 because we got an afternoon baseball game today. Oh, right. Piggy and show a 230. No, Crow today. Thank God. Oh my God. All low we make up for later on. The pregame show a 230 or float a baseball team at the Colorado Rockies where they got One last night, but nevertheless, they're still in first place. 305 is anybody care? No. The baseball game 305. And then guess who's on after the baseball game. I'll give you 100 guesses. Here's the guy. Is on after the game. And then the big. At 10 o'clock. Wow. Do you think that that's legal? They have those to one back to back. Joe and Mark, the dirty boys overnight. Speaking of Joe and Mark, don't forget, join them. 7 on 9 o'clock tonight at gaspies in Boca. Stop by for our usual very mediocre QM prizes, but you can also register to win a trip to Lake Tahoe. The best models would be there with specials on Bex beer. Gatspies is located in Boca, feels a little bit about 18th street between military and power line. 7 to 9 tonight would Joe and the dirty Mark. For dirty Joe, whatever their names are. Okay, to pull us up, best TV show of all time. We've spent a lot of time putting this all thing together. We killed a lot of good time. And here it is. Here's the moment of truth. The top 50 shows that survived off. What do we do 100? We did. Eventually. Yeah. We did a hundred. We narrowed it down to 25 each down to 50. And here's the 50 survivors. What's good thing we didn't put your vibrator on there? How can that still be on here? How can any of those shows still be on? Gatsp ratings. That one does anyway. The other one's in. The greatest TV show of all time. All in the family has moved back on top with 19. Simpson 16, mash 14. It's redoing again. Like I said, all in the family 20. Simpson 16, mash 15, sign fell 11. Start direct the next generation 7. Monty Pata, a Python fly service 7. I love loosely for and then after that it's a single digits. Which I think four single digits to. Uh-huh. But nevertheless, I wanted to mention loosely. Lucy. Come on, just for all our Cuban friends out there in a radio and Georgian and Miguel. Lucy. Baba Lou, he was really something. You know, he was the brains behind that whole operation. That's right. And what other show was at watching just the other and one of those old corneo and uh, retro stations? What the was it? Uh, and say, uh, a desi Lou production, the untouchables. Because he were talking about the untouchables just the other. But that was not when I was watching. But that was also a desi Lou production. That's right. Was it? Start direct the original. Desi Lou production. That desi man. He came off like a real, you know, like a moron, like a like a bozo. But he was pretty sure he invented the rerun. Did he really? Yeah. He was the one that had the idea of actually taping it, filming it and keeping the tapes and films and uh, replying them later on. Just like, I see Nelson invented the video, the TV video. How about that? Did you know that? No, I didn't. See, you're learning things every day. Yesterday, he found out that permeation was gay. Yeah. Yeah. He had to remain in character. Raymond Burr was gay. Did I say perimation was gay? That was uh, sort of the tongue. I don't think it was family garden would approve of that. Yeah. Well, Raymond Burr was gay and it was well known. It wasn't one of those that I'm fantasizing about like I'm always accused of. Oh, you just made that up about Tony Perkins at about 10 hundred and about Raymond Burr. Well, it's usually, you'll notice that it's usually after they've been dead for a safe period of time that they come on biography or one of these channels. And all, I guess what? I'm going to have this uh boyfriend for 38 years and he made up this story about his marriage and who now cares? Does anybody care now? No, I wouldn't think so. Now, what about Jack Lord? Is he going to be, oh, he had that he also had a wife briefly. This story here, this story right here in my hand right now is enough to make me wonder. That's three of you for about the marijuana laws and about how the U.S. is Persian Canada to uh, continue tightening it up and the laws to that may be sick. But this story right here is just gross. Did you see this spitball my sin boy to prison? No. Keeping in mind, of course, that we have a lot of people for having a gun, pin joint in their car or in their position where in jail for like 20 years to life or whatever. And but that hardened criminals get uh, you know, two years, maybe a year and a half in a slap on a wrist. People are murder people get a little off on some kind of technicality. That's American system of justice. You can't complain about justice in America because I have told you for years there ain't any. San Francisco. An arid spitball that put a fellow student in the hospital with the I and J.R. could land a 13 year old California boy in juvenile prison for up to eight years on two felony convictions. Two felony convictions. Can you even handle this? Can you stand this? Is this one of those zero tolerance kind of things again? I feel bad about it. I'm sorry Jeffrey Figaroa told the San Francisco Chronicle which Wednesday reported is running with a law. Figaroa has admitted that he shot the spitball a gum wrapper moistened with saliva on the first day of school last September at a middle school in the San Francisco suburb of Walnut Creek, California. Jeffrey said he wasn't aiming at anybody in particular but the spitball had a 14 year old boy in the right eye requiring a trip to the hospital in surgery. Jeffrey in his 14 year old brother Stephen who allegedly urged Jeffrey to fire the spitball both were charged with battery causing serious bodily injury a salt with a deadly weapon a salt by force likely to produce great bodily injury and mayhem mayhem. That's a crime. Last Tuesday, Contra Costa County Superior Superior Court Judge are a cellier by mirror as found Jeffrey guilty of battery causing serious bodily injury and mayhem both felonies his brother was found guilty on a lesser charge. The Chronicle said that Jeffrey West had who the way to hear this. This is the guilty party. The Chronicle said that Jeffrey was had two hearts or a reason as attention deficit disorder. Now faces a sense about the eight years in the California youth authority prison when he is sentenced next month. I mean, what what can you say? What we would have is an unfortunate accident with injury to a child but one one but one time it had been a horse play is now been by the D.A. District Attorney elevated to felony status just on the basis of the unfortunate outcome of the accidental accident attorney Mark Revis was representing Stephen Figaro and obviously doing a great job. The D.A. is often declined to comment on the figure role case yesterday saying that because it deals with juveniles the court records have been sealed. But Jeffrey Figaro's mother if had told the Chronicle or her son's possible prison term came as a shock. Talk about an understanding. All along we've had a lot of confidence that judicial system would actually prove that Jeffrey and Steve more innocent in this were totally inspected and overcharged for something that was a terrible accident. A spit ball. You know what I put this on a par with? I put this on a par with a kind of crap that we've been living through the last three and a half weeks in WQM. I put that in the same category and the same kind of reaction by the way. Unbelievable on acceptable hysteria. Here's a case who's had two hearts or trees around attention deficit disorder. He just tossed his spit ball and happened to catch this kid in the corner of his eye or whatever. It was a gum wrapper. Voice and would survive is there anybody in this audience who's never thrown a spit ball. No. I rest my kid. The girls never shot a spit. What spit ball? He never shot a wide. I don't believe it. Scored score. He's no Peter North. I guarantee you that. Never shot a spit ball, huh? No that's not true. Oh, well then why I was shaking my head because I didn't know what had happened. I had blocked out of the room. Oh, you didn't hear that story? No. Good. Read it again. Believe me. It would take your life back. Several years if you heard that story. It would make you want to get on a goddamn banana boat. Get on a rubber rat and go back to Cuba. Thank you. I want to go anywhere. Never been there. I'm Tonya. That is typical American justice for you right there. Grow test sick twisted. 1026 at 560 WQM. The weather started to get really hot again in between the rain drops. Summer storms and a possibility of hurricane soon follows. So get yourself prepared for a major storm. The big blow and discover what thousands of people had on the protect their homes call all weather systems. All weather systems has been doing it right. They've been a business for over 15 years in town in the state license. FEMA project impact contractor. All weather systems carries the new state of the art shutterless impact resistant windows and French doors. No one's slightly a rugley shutters to ruin the look of your home. And the convenience is never having to put up heavy plywood or storm panels too. All weather systems offers a hundred percent unsickered bank financing with no payments for 90 days and payments as low as only 69 bucks a month. The impact resistant windows and French doors have insulated glass which saves you energy. Reduces outside noises and the non-breakable glass helps keep out criminals and burglars and undesirables as well. All weather systems also manufacture a full line of accordion style shutters. Electric roll ups and hurricane panels too. Give all weather systems a call today and save yourself the headache of putting up shutters. Protect your family from storms and crime and keep your house looking sensational and energy efficient all at the same time. Call all weather systems toll free 1-800-7285126. That's 1-800-7285126. They provide home protection to the highest quality with service reliability and professionalism comparable to them. Call them today and please tell them that the arrogors turn into call all weather systems 1-800-728. What is it? What's the point when you're 560s? Oh! The best way to get a new one. Decriminalized pot in Florida. What if Bill Clinton did indeed get his own TV talk show? Why do you think, gentlemen? Why from chapter-claw? If the Bill Clinton show, with special guests, Yacht-Farrow-Fat, Canadian character and former speaker of our house, New Gingrich. I'm your announcer, Al Gore. Now, please welcome the Prince of Poon Tang, the master of memories looking of crotch, the man who knows the story of Fliquret, Bill Clinton. Thank you. Thank you very much. Boy, it was hotter than a Chubby intern on the song yesterday. Alright, so that. My first guest is the leader of the PLO, and his favorite group is ELO. Please welcome a sweet talk and ma'am. Yasser, Arfatt, everybody, right here. So, Yasser, yes sir. Is there any way we can solve this whole thing? I don't think so, sir. Let's say I send you over a couple of queens of kings. What do you mean? I do not understand. Sure you do, buddy. I'm talking about bluesies, poachies, zipper monkeys. Well, losing your tablecloth and think about it. meantime, Scoot over. My next guest is here. Ow, thanks, Bill. Our next guest is the former political machine. He's got no honor of a fire in the furnace and a bug up his butt. Please welcome Luke Jengrich. Alright, mate. Welcome everybody, house things by you, Nudy. And well, my new wife's got to cold some leave in her. Good for you, you soulless bastard. Well, they're right back with Card Top, step away, mate. 1033 at 5.60 in WQM. So, how'd the beast do on a scale? We got a number? We have a number. Two, fifth and a quarter. Now four, as of today. Thirty pounds. Let's start for the beast and even thirty pounds on balance for life. He's doing it. Started at 284. He was on a verge of death this trial. I guarantee you that. He was only a matter of months away from the big piano box in the sky. It's been exactly two months. It was two months yesterday to the day. Two months and he's lost 30 pounds. A beautiful thing. 30 pounds. And I bet you can see it too. You can. Or the like they're up. And you're like that. From 284 to 254. Who was giving you crap was it on Mo show the other day by Z in there? Piste? Yeah. No. Not right at the moment. Oh. Somebody was giving him crap about all you'll never go. He was talking about his goal is to get under 200 by whatever day he was talking about. Maybe it was an unrealistic date. But he'll do it. I guarantee that. At this rate. Because in spite of the fact he went on a cruise for three days and because he was also my vacation a couple weeks ago for several days. And he still came back and was on a straight narrow path. Even though he was a little black sack because he's been conditioned since he's doing so well. See that's the key to what if you're doing really well psychologically like you know you keep going. You don't want to keep going. You don't want to screw it up. Right. Other than me, which you know, I got involved in that phony contest with him in the beginning. Only like sperm on a little bit. I wear the same thing now. I did two months ago. You're almost exactly the same. One ninety-six. What is it? No. It was one ninety nine when we started. Oh, that was the last time we weighed you. Yeah. No, I weigh a little over one ninety-eight. Almost exactly the same because I don't have my little black sack. I don't have an implicitly nestle. He's a turtle which has torn my stomach up and all the other good stuff. Speaking of that, I'm glad he's not in the room because somebody just facts me this thing about Chris Becream. This is amazing and this should give you the idea of why Awesome. What's your good friend choice? Winston Salem North Carolina. Why see this is where the announcement comes from. Chris Becream donuts. Inc announced today that the Chris Becream store located outside of Minneapolis in Maple Grove in Asoda has said a new opening week sales record. First week sales for the Maple Grove location were 480,693 dollars. How do you like that? The previous record, 465,000 three dollars was set at the company's first international opening in December 2001 in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada. Right side of Toronto. Right down the road here where Don Cherry lives. Mississauga. Yeah, they made a really big deal. You talk about getting millions of dollars worth of free potion when they were opening that thing up here. They made a big sentence about that, about Chris Becream. They were standing online from here all the way to God name Alacua, Florida. Can you believe that first week sales of 480,000? Can you imagine how many donuts that is? How many houses it costs for like a, because you can buy one. You can go into a store and buy one. Right. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't even remember that. How much that is. Well, somebody will, somebody will fix this information. But I'm telling you, you got to, you got to crank out one hell of a lot of God damn donuts and a lot of sugar to make almost a half a million dollars gross in one week. And that's, though, I don't care what anybody says. I mean, I know different strokes for different folks and some people like Duncan Donuts and some people like him, Hortons because REST and PC was a great defenseman and a leaf and all that. That's fine. But nothing compares to crispy cream. And it will kill you. I guarantee you that. You eat those. You'll be dead someday. I promise you that. And here's a, uh, facts from our, from Jeff Heiz, a chronic, uh, boyfriend, which I'm not, I'm not playing a bit for his kids. Don't say a request to me, Dave. Just leave me alone. But it is interesting. Study. But slapping decreases moderately in post game showers. Oh, right. RAPTO. RAPTO. Yeah. Thank God for that. That's a good time in history that anybody's even responded to anything I've talked about in this regard because anyone are why because the sports nerds fight it to embarrassing. Because it's extraordinarily faggy. It is not a masculine thing. But slapping by athletes. A 10 year study released today has found an athlete slap each other's butts less in the post game shower than they do during games. Oh, I see this is only in the shower. The study was conducted jointly by the four major professional leagues. The results showed that while butts slapping decreases in post game showers as expected, it does so only moderately. Not necessarily patting somebody on a button to shower. That's a hundred times worse than when they got their uniform on because they're naked on the shower. No. Yeah. They're not in it with their uniform on in the shower. No, I said, I know. I know, but I'm just saying it's just, I don't want to conjure it up in your mind. It's a, it's a disgusting thing. Imagineing mad dog for example, Patton Joe Rose on the ass in the locker room. Rectom, even though they weren't playing like synonymous at the same time, but just imagine they were, or maybe Joe Rose Patton Danny boy is buddy marina on the ass. In the shower. Can you conjure that up in your mind? Of course they deny it. If the average professional player gets his butts slap by a teammate once a game's as lead researcher Brian Cope, we found that it gets his butts slap only slightly less about five out of every eight times by a teammate in the post game shower. Now I got news for you. Okay, because I've been around a block a few times. I know my fags, okay. There's only one thing we can say, just like our good close friend, Al Goldstein who it hopes it's out pretty soon. One said, that's a game club you moron. That's exactly right. And he was talking about the professional football at the time, too. That's exactly what he's talking about. But slapping as long as this didn't sports as a way teammates in coachy show appreciation to one another on the field, a tap on the butt can be anything from nice tackle or great paths to something more controlling like we'll get him next time. Or it nice ass. Why the butt slapping continues off the field of playing in the post game shower is less clear. It says, these guys just seem to really like slapping each other's butts Cope said. Did you say less clear? Let's clear. The rate of slapping from the playing surface from on the playing surface to the shower decreased the least in the NHL, the study found. They slap each other's behinds less while playing than they do in other leagues about three out of every four games of player gets a tap Cope said. But they receive about the average amount of butts slapping in the shower is the average major league baseball, the NV and the NFL. While hockey players don't want to do that because first of all they got enormous pounds and pounds of equipment on and you can't feel it, you know. Somebody taps you on the ass you can't even feel it. But in the shower, then believe me, black comb you can feel it. Another interesting finding on the NHL is that the customary post goal celebration where the goal scores teammates celebrate in the crowd. The team mates celebrate in the crowd around the player in the corner does not all together cease in the shower. It decreases but it still happens, Cope said. Part of it comes from hockey's long tradition of hazing working players, I think he said. In other words when the rookie scores they put him in his the pivot man on the circle jerk. The study found that coaches don't stop their butts slapping once the game is over either. Coaches are serial butts slappers, Cope said think about it. In baseball they give a tap after home run, a sacrificed lion strike out anything. It's the same in football and basketball and it doesn't end in the shower. Oh this is great! Cope said a national league manager all names were with hell from the study in the leagues request obviously. Wates outside his team shower and slaps each player's naked butt as they walk past him on exiting the shower. He tells him nice job or better luck next time when he slaps their butts Cope said. None of the players seems they have a problem with it. Maybe give him a return slap to his cheeks. Many gave him a return slap to his cheeks. Can I read that one sentence again? Could he even yours truly I'm in shock. A national league manager whose name of course being with hell for obvious reasons, Wates outside his team shower and slaps each player's naked butt as they walk past him on exiting the shower. Many gave him a return slap to his cheeks and we're not sure which cheeks. Let go! They're talking about it. Boy. Shocking. Thank God we got all his macho people listening to the other hours the other 20 hours a day on QAM. We don't have all that factory going on. 19 to 11 at 5.60 WQAM. You know one of the things about getting old is losing your hair when you get like past 20 when you get real old. That's right. That big ball spot starts appearing and some guys it's just all together vanishes all out here on your head. Charles Alfieri would like to help you do something about it. Something that makes sense. Something that makes you look good. Instead of something it will just fleece a lot of money out of your pocket. Like those silly holes in the head or those mouse you look in pieces. Charles Alfieri's got the latest technology that provides you sensational results for guys who want a lot more hair or even a little more hair. And the most amazing look in natural hair line. That's the key. It looks just like you are hair like it's grown out of your scalp instead of like some horrible animal from outer space dot on your forehead. Charlie's been helping the famous and not so famous look their best for over 25 years. You can do the same for you while restoring your lost confidence in your business and personal life. Maybe you can get laid like once a year. So wait no longer call today. There's no obligation and don't forget mention my name and Charlie knocks $200 off the regular price of his natural hair line system. Call today toll free 1-800-3212413 or log onto Charles Alfieri dot com on their website. Don't forget you can get your hair back and look sensational from Charles Alfieri 1-800-321. The Mad Dog. We're dating one. We're going to support 25-60. You a n. This is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station. Nothing takes quite like moms pie. Careful pal. You'll need both hands to eat moms pie. That's because moms pie is jelly filled so it jiggles when you eat it. Moms pie is so good. You won't mind if it gets stuck in your whiskers. But don't take our word for it. Just listen to these satisfied customers. Hey John, how's your moms pie? M. My moms pie is great. But check out Bob. He's got his moms pie over his face. Hey Bob, you better wipe your chin. M. My moms pie is finger-looking good. And for those of you who want to run, try a single moms pie. Twice the fun and half the work. Eating out tonight, bury your face in moms pie. Available in every flavor. But cherry. M. 1046 at 5.60 WQM. Look at the simsons. Pull them off. I'm beginning to wonder about that. I think George is put the fix in. Greatest TV show all time. Simsons 35. All in a family 27. Mashed 24. Sign failed 19. Mody Python's flying circus 10. Start direct next generation 9. Everybody else is sucking wind from there. Of course you believe it. Yeah. Because you want to believe it. Retired priest who admitted fooling around with boys and died for rape. Here's a follow up on a story ahead of the day. Retired priest is admitted in molesting boys. Was indicted yesterday and charges he sexually abused a boy. Sometimes in a cemetery. The Reverend Ronald H. Packwin 59 was being held on a hundred-a-thousand dollars cash bail. Pending his arrangement on three counts of child rape. Said Steve O'Connell spoke some of the S. Accounted District Attorney's office. He rangman and did not even schedule but would be held next week. Packwin is accused of sexually abusing the boy between March of 89 and January of 1992. He was arrested last week at his home in Maldon after the prosecutor's received a tip that he was preparing to flee. Packwin is removed from active service. It's a change on the Baptist Church in Haverhill, Mass in 1990. After all he haths of sex abuse surface there, the Church has paid settlements to at least four of his victims. How do you like that? In January and interview with the Boston Globe Packwin admitted he molested boys in his Haverhill and methuan homes. Sure I fooled around but I never raped anyone. I never felt gratified myself, Packwin said. I've gone 12 years and haven't abused anyone. So I'm not a pedophile because I'm not a predator. Packwin is also accused in a civil lawsuit of raping a teenage boy while he was in a treatment center for troubled priest to charge you to nize. He's also named in a runkful debt suit by the family of James Francis, a 16 year old boy who died in a car accident while Francis, Packwin and three other teen boys were returning from a night of sex and booze at a new Hampshire camp. The suit alleges that Packwin fell asleep at the wheel. Packwin says he was sober that night. Lord of follow-up, I'm sure assumed like next week. Speaking of such matters, a unanimous Ohio Supreme Court has struck down a state law prohibiting same sex solicitation. Wednesday's seven nothing decision reversed in appeals court which had upheld a conviction of a man arrested in 1999 for soliciting sex from a male jogger. Justice Deborah Cook writing for the majority said the law violated the equal protection guarantees of the Western Ohio Constitution. She said its effect was to limit one type of expression offensive same-sex solicitations while allowing equally offensive solicitations between opposite sexes. See that? In other words, if you straight assholes want to be offensive, we can be offensive too, I'd be like that. I like it. Oh right! Preventing the risk of violent responses to offensive solicitations could have been achieved by prohibiting all offensive solicitations of sexual activity co-growth. And we sure don't want to do that, do we? No! Speaking of offensive, LA Cardinal apologises for transfer. Cardinal Roger Mahoney's apologised for transferring a Roman Catholic priest from church to church. Despite an alleged confession from the man he had molested children for years. Earlier this week, Mahoney facted two-page letter to 1200 priest in the Archdiocese of Los Angeles acknowledging that he mishandled the case of Reverend Michael Baker. As you are special by fully assumed responsibility for long-baked remain in any type of ministry during the 1990s Mahoney wrote, I offer my sincere personal apologies for my failure to take firm and decisive action much earlier. Right! Baker 54 is one of several former priests being investigated by Polis, he allegedly must have at least nine youths beginning in 1976, appointing LA Times interviews with victims, relatives and lawyers. Baker told the newspaper that in December of 1986 he met with Mahoney and told a sexual misconduct with children, he claims that Mahoney did not ask for specifics in a period of willing letter remain in the priesthood. I told Mahoney, I had a problem Baker said, it was very solicitous and understanding, I was glad I brought it up. Baker continued to have access to children over the next 14 years while it was assigned to nine different perishes around the Los Angeles area newspaper said, Baker was asked to quietly retire and lead 2000. Two men of claim that were sexually abused as children by Baker from 1984 to 1999, later agreed to a 1.3 million dollar settlement with the Archdiocese, they claimed Baker often had let them sleep in the rectum where he molested them. Mahoney said Baker did receive treatment in counseling but it was decided he could do specialized pre-slave ministry, now related to children and youth despite that recommendation, it appears that Baker continued to interact with children until he left the church. Mahoney told the Times last month that there were few solutions in dealing with Baker in 1986 because the allegations would never prove in our biggest problem was that he wasn't found guilty of a criminal act, Mahoney said, that's a big big problem. It was a big one he said. God. Did we ever find out how much those donuts cost? No. Best FM radio personality. Best AM, I can't even read this, the facts is so bad. What is this? I can't even read it. Best AM radio personality. Alberto Mielgan. And then what does it say at the end? Readers chose the Orion Rogers right? Oh, this must be a new Times. This is the best of Miami. New Times Miami right? Best of Miami New Times just came out. Best AM radio personality. You'll bear to million. He's the son of Emilio Mielgan, right? Alberto, I don't know who that is. Must be. What did I call him? You'll bear to? That was just for fun. But you haven't reached the best part yet. Oh, I'm getting there. I'm getting there. I see it already out of the corner of my fly. Okay, just relax. Stay calm at all times. Please. Best FM radio personality. Lida. AKA is that what I'm saying? Because this copy. Very bad. Right. And I really the AKA freaky Carlos. Power 96. I thought she was off that show by now. Yes. Oh, I see. Readers choice. Howard Stern, best FM radio personality. And best AM Neo Rogers. But of course, new Times as they always do have to be really clever. And avant-garde and Faggy and Swishy. Which they could have been Faggy and Swishy pick of me, but they don't want to do that. So they pick freaky Carlos. Who's a real major asshole and obnoxious person who's despised by virtually all in the building, who treats everybody at that reception desk like crap, who talks to people on the phone like some kind of a lunatic. But nevertheless, we like them a lot. Not. Is there is that it? Is there this? Yeah. I want to have any note. That's it. Okay. So thanks to the readers of new Times who picked me for whatever that's worth. How do you like that? Although the city length they picked Pauli. You're buddy. Pauli, man. Right. So the uncle, Neil, last never watching Smallville on the UPN 34 and West Palm Beach at 10.45. We lost our transmission and never saw the end of the show. Please fill us in. Thanks from a fartman in West Palm Beach. PS UPN 34 below is what I guess they do. How could you like not have the end of Smallville on it seems to me people would be writing in the streets if they cut off my smallville. Absolutely correct. You better believe it. So what happened in the last 15 minutes? He saved Atlanta. Yeah. And then Lex Luther got his buddy, his scientist buddy, they just got screwed away there. He was digging through all the stuff they were digging up in that farm and they found those from the meteor shower. They found little bits and pieces, little pieces of evidence and he's got in a little plastic sack, a kind of a taginal shaped a piece of metal and Lex Luther says, well, what is it? And he said, it's unlike anything that exists on a planet Earth. So we can only assume I guess that it's kryptonite, right? No, it's a piece of the ship. Remember they paned to the ship? Oh, that's right because you're near the ship. Because I was assuming it was kryptonite and I was feeling really bad for Clark. We don't want to make him weak. All I'd like to catch him in a week moment, but nevertheless, it's from the ship. It's a piece of the spaceship. So then at the end of the show, of course, we we paned to the basement there. What a crazy little fucky spaceship that Brock Clark into Earth is sitting there in the basement. And there's the op taginal shaped hole in the ship that matches the piece of metal. They showed you a close up of where that chunk of crap came from right out of the ship. And we said, oh, ship. And next week in the climactic last episode of the season, they showed the previews that they're grilling. They're grilling Clark about, well, what that was this and what's this all about that he's trying to buy. I didn't know no godfather stuff like that. Did I miss anything else? Well, the guy, the killer. Oh, the killer was well, that was in the last 15 minutes. The killer was one of the two cops that she was landed was sent through his eyes and she was seen these visions through his eyes. He was one of the cops and he liked grabbed her off and took her to the amusement park there with the amusement park. And Clark naturally came to the rescue and grabbed the bullet. Just as the bullet was about right ahead of her and just as the glass was shattering from up above, he hovered on her. He was like a mounting her actually. Now what it looked like? Yes, he covered her up so that the glass wouldn't. He mounted her. Right. And then of course he got up and then he got up and then he got the nasty cop the bad guy shot him a whole bunch of times. And it just like, and I was at it did work and then he went outside with the gun and the other cops were there. And then in the cops shot one, we didn't see it, but we know that the bad guy got killed. That was good because otherwise he would have told everybody else that he shot Clark kind of whole bunch of times and nothing happened. But we got to see that bullet coming right at him and then. Yeah, right at you. Because we didn't have that in 3D. And then there was one other thing that happened in there. Oh, that's right. He asked right there toward the end. He finally boots up a little bit and poor Shy Clark asked Chloe to the, to the big, No, the address uh huh. Yeah. What do they call it? The prom, the social. No, not the prom, the dress up social. Whatever to like call that. The big dance. Yeah. In his pants. And she said, here Clark, can I see it? No. He ran off and just hit behind the wood shed. We can only imagine what he was doing back there. So anyway Clark can't do this, couldn't get late in the goddamn Dutch Horhouse. He's making a little bit of progress. Very slowly he wants to win very slowly on Chloe. And believe me after we saw those close ups of her and a sack there last night when she was not doing too good. I'd move in real slowly on that too, okay, then run the other way. No matter what you like. 1056 at 560 WQM Tom Lamin likes it. He likes the listeners of this program. He loves this show. He loves me. He even likes George a little bit. That's why Tom created the Neil Deal at Hallit. Save big dollars in all Pontiacs and GMC's in stock. Just mention you heard about it right here on the infamous Neil Rogers Show. Stop by Hallit Pontiac GMC at 134-01. Sattexie Highway. That's in the same great location they've been for 35 years right there on US1. Right across the street from the falls where every vehicle is marked with the lowest price. But if you mentioned the Rogers deal, you'll save even more. Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs including the envoy. voted by Motor Trend as the SUV of the year plus. Be sure and see the old sea. I gotta throw those in there because other by time feels left now. See the all-new vibe SUV. It's got the power of a sports car at a fraction of the price. Hallit's also got an unbeatable selection of dependable quality pre-owned cars, trucks and SUVs. Never wear a single lemon on the lot at Hallit. And if you've been turned on for credit by any other schmuck out there in radio land, have no fear because at Hallit they'll take good care. Make sure they work out a deal. Get the Neil Rogers deal right now at Hallit Pontiac GMC. The zero-fifth and one-three-four-one, South-Tixie Highway that's US-one across from the falls open every day of your life. Seven days a week. You can call him a 305, 2-3-840, 305, 2-3-840, they're unbeatable. Hallit Pontiac GMC. Waterdale Miami and Saga. Why are the pretty ones always insane? Sweet, sweet, crazy. Tonight at Hallit Pontiac Howard Hesman. Take that pattern and hudders more of your favorite TV personalities. And they go for a new record at Colton Yupporn stall. It's celebrity gang back. Sweet, sweet, crazy. Bernard Nott. Stephen Batchko presents his new series N-Li-P-D-New. Where young life rookies grab their batons and go deep deep deep undercovered a mean-out justice. It all starts tonight at 8 whistle over to gang back and N-Li-P-D-New at Nott. Sweet, sweet, French, sweet, French. 11-1-5-60-W-2-M. Little dog, two rows for Mad Dog, one o'clock. Marlins baseball. I just said the magic word. I'm going to dump it. I like that. The soft-floor baseball team plays a staff note. Can you believe I said that? Unbelievable. I said, Marlon Parkins. Perkins. So anyway, Glenn and Iow who's one of our not-and that's just a chronic factor, but at least a good chronic factor. See those are different. And even Jeff Heiz for N-Li-Pax was worthwhile about the butt slap and I was worth a million bucks, you know it? If we had a weed-centered tool, that was great. And if we had two million, we could open one of those franchises. Yeah, we could open up our own crispy cream god dammit. The piece could gain back those 30 pounds in about two, three days. Boy. Very seeing nobody questions it. It's delicious stuff, but it's addictive. It's bad. Free. It's going to wind up putting all of us in an early grave or most of us anyway. Maybe that sugar frosted that glaze is really crack cocaine. You know what I really love? I mean, I love those too, but I'd say what I'm addicted to. Sugar frosted flakes. Oh, they can, yeah, you could go through a box of those in one sitting. I'm not talking about a box. I'm talking about the industrial size, like the size of the box that Al Goldstein brought in, remember that cereal, it wasn't frosted flakes. I'm not serious. I'm talking about with no milk, although with milk even better. But I'm talking just right out of the box. I can eat a whole big family-sized box of frosted flakes. I'm that way with Captain Crunch. Cut it out. Stop this. Right now. So anyway Glenn from Iowa facts is me this and he writes at the end. He says, Neil was talking about Maria butter Roma yesterday, butter Roma. Excellent. Glenn, good one. Yeah, you can smell the aroma right over the TV with those big bags under her eyes. Oh, Maria, you look so lovely today. You can just see all those old clones all over America who call it on a goddamn channel on CNBC who say that to that ugly disgusting, wimpy, mousey bitch. Oh, you let's have a lot of them, you can just see the sitting there where they're God damn a blow up, you know. These are the same people for I'm probably even their stockbroker who don't want to talk to probably hang up on a phone as soon as they call him. That's why they call him Maria. Anyway, Neil mentioned Maria butter Roma yesterday in the the sleazy side of CNBC as usual. He scoopsed them all and he'll go, love the no call formats as Glenn and I with thank you Glenn. You're the best. This is an article by Paul Tharp in the New York Post. How did I miss this? Oh, I see. It's from today no less. How do you like that? Excellent. See that as usual. I'm like one up on. Just like Glenn said, sucking around. Wall Street and scientists may have capitalized on the stockpicks of CNBC's Maria Money Honeybard aroma before the public even heard the money airs as a new study. And of course in this story, he makes sure that, you know, they suck up to everybody. Everything's on you up and up. Do we believe that? No. Stocks mentioned by the popular TV person now that usually made big swings following her comments. But the real trading in the share started at least 10 minutes before she uttered the names on the air says the study by two professors. And trading in the shares jumped to a hectic pace in the five minutes just before Bartiromo's picks. The study suggested that traders with non-public information on the shares were setting up positions so they were ready to trade when the picks were finally aired. When Bartiromo's picks were to slow his traders appeared to dump their shares to suckers, eager to buy into the news of the picks, reaping instant profits of typically 61 basis points the studies co-authors said. The two finance professors at Emory University's business school who did the study, Dr. Jeffrey Busy and Dr. Clifton Green, so they suspected insider trading but doubted that Bartiromo was knowingly involved. Right. Right. We're not making any allegations here, but she makes me sick to my stomach. And every time I see her on air like winking and blinking and nodding and like, you know, inflecting. That's what comes to my mind. Bitch. We were always wondering what caused the activity before the reports were air it said, Busy. It's got to be some insider activity but we didn't think it would be anyone at CNBC because if they were to do it, it would jeopardize their careers. We always spectated somebody she was getting information from, realize that she was about to mention the company on the air of all the people she talked to, maybe a fraction of them traded on that information. The co-authors think traders were able to figure out what Bartiromo was going to say on the year. It was pretty well known on Wall Street that if you got a call from her about a stock, it was probably going to be mentioned by her bus he said. CNBC said no one at CNBC would have been involved in improper training activity. Well, what do you expect CNBC to say for Christ's sake, sir? You expect some spokesman from CNBC to say, oh, we're just manipulating the whole damn thing for fun and profit, mostly profit. CNBC has the highest journalists extended in the business. Maria Bartiromo has the most in, almost integrity. And any allegations, suggestions otherwise are completely without merits, and Bruno Cohen executive vice president business. See, I get worked up about this because I'm so pissed off of what a fraud. I got sucked into like everybody else. It's a fraud. It's a big, fat, freaking fraud. Cohen said the unusual activity could have been a coincidence because by midday strategy, meaning he's a brokerage isn't the resulting sales activity anybody buy in that? No, just a coincidence. Flam boy and ex, and here's another major asshole. Flam boy and ex hedge fund manager Jim Creme were admitted in an interview with New York and he was on Monday that he often talked about a role-moin. Sometimes was able to clean information, remember, to trade on. Creme were later vehemently denied he made those remarks. How this man can be on the air of this Jim Cramer? Who must have naked pictures of that Howard Kurtz guy from CN who wrote that whole book, which was supposedly was an expo's a, of all of this crap, and turned out to be nothing but a suck ass tribute to Jim Cramer. How he can be on the air has got to be one of the great crimes in his dream. And they expect him any credibility. He's on in the morning. He's on at show at night with at the right wing fashes to Lawrence Cudlow. He's all over the guy at the in place. And we're supposed to believe those bastards. Oh. The profits on Vartarromo's picks depended on windows with advanced knowledge got into the stock and when they got out said bussy. Typically the stocks had rise 41 basis points in the first minute after she mentioned them. So if you bought your position five minutes before she went on the air, you gained an additional 14 basis points bussy said, if you bought ten minutes before she aired, it was worth an additional 21 basis points he'd be saying. If you got in early, you wouldn't have to worry about all the other trading orders that were getting your way after she mentioned. He said, he said, the you sudden uptick and trading five minutes before airtime was unusual. It suggested that some insider was responding before it actually got on the air. The study was based on 20 weeks of Vartarromo's reports on 3202 stocks during the bull market mid 2000. It'll be published in the forthcoming issue of the journal financial economics. And I wonder out of those 3202 stocks. I wonder how many of those were part of the internet bubble. You know what I'm talking about? The crap stocks that are now either worth nothing or like pennies? We all know exactly what I'm talking about. You bet Maria Butteroma. Bitch. Thanks, Len. Thanks for helping to expose the big fat freaking fraud that is CNBC and that wrinkle eyed baggy bitch. God, why does this spies here? Let's see what you got. You know, I got a million things here. I know, I'm going to make sure I catch up. At least a third of the ones that are actually coming in here. Meaning what? Multiple pages of just stories that you wouldn't be interested in. Hey, but at least they're on it, man. At least they're faxing it. We got a responsive audience down there doing it. It's right. Hop on that fax machine. At least then we can pick and choose. In fact, I'm picking one right now. Green one. 39 for the Simpson's 36 for all in the family. I think we got a horse race. Mashed 29, sign-filled 22. And then it's way down to money, pie, thong 11 star trek next generation nine. So, printers are got eight. She is a got six, et cetera. She is. Is this worth while is Detroit a settle game trap? Me too. I don't know. You tell me. I'll save it. And what about this me a maximum culpile? What the hell's that all about? Oh, I see. That might be pretty good. But I'll have to look it over during the break. Let me do my own stuff here. Okay, I got important stuff. I got a pile. I got a big pile. See, probably there's some people. They're very skeptical. People who don't understand how this works. Thinking, oh, you know, the day is going to come when he'll not take an easy calls most days. And he's going to like, run out of material. The thing that's going to come down. Right. Now, when you see the stack of crap that I got, baby, I got crap. I got crap pile all the way to God. Damn it's ceiling. That's one thing you don't want to do if you're going to do this kind of a format. It's sitting on leave yourself like in limbo. And then, of course, have to depend on the colors. Oh, my God. Like, like, my former friends at SmittyLink once said a couple of years ago, was last you when they paid me that big tribute when they used to like me. Just like they said, on the days when he depends on the colors to likely the way on the show, forget about it. They're in nothing happening. But I think I'm using them very judiciously when there's something like a survey like this. That's when they shine. That's when they're real good. When they're not compelled to like give an opinion, formulate a real complete sentence or thought, when it just calling and say, how about, you know, the Jefferson degree. Okay, and have a great day. And that's it. It doesn't put any pressure on them. And that's the way they like it. And that's the way I like it. Join the overnight guys, Joe and Mark at Gatsby's in Boca, 79 tonight. Stop by for crappy prizes, but register when trip to Lake Tahoe, which would be a damn good prize. The Vex models would be there with specials on Vex beer. And where did you see the head on that Vex beer? Gatsby's located in Boca, feels horrible about 183B, two military and power line. And then join George this Saturday from 2 to 4. He'll tell you some inside stories about all the crap that's going on in the station. 2 to 4 this Saturday for Lauderdale Harley on federal highway south of open park. Boulevard stop by for prizes and free food from all of P.D. Lenny sponsors, the little Kabus subprano's and drinks from Champaign Light. I say all his sponsors, this is a proud of spending money on this. Are we hit a mon for a while, then mate? I think we did it. Or not. I don't remember. No, we didn't have money. I think that we just done the tags for Champaign Light. I don't think they've ever spent any money on the show. I could be wrong about that. No, you're right. I think they got a lot of free plugs. Did you ever eat any of their food from the subprano? No. Well, we're not. They were in here, but they came in during that period. I wasn't eating. I see. Well, at least that's something. At least they're bringing free food by because when we have to start giving plugs to people or even bring free food by, then we start just getting a little bit porked off about that. And of course, even if we have to give too many free plugs to people, bringing food like Scott and I refer example, mostly Scott from whatever that place is. Don't say it. Then we start getting a little bit. I'll remember those two or three spots that they bought that time that I'm burst them into buying. Yes. From Atlantic City subs, our close personal friend, I ran that asshole Scott. Remember that? That was a default thing, though. See, see, one thing about default. And of course, you know, I'm not going to say much. I wish you nothing but luck. You'll need it on the light bulb. But the fact of the matter is he had a lot of deals going with a lot of people. You know what I'm saying? A lot of deals. Twelve minutes past 11 at 560 WQM. Hey, speaking of deals. Here's a great deal. For you, if somebody offered to just hand you over, several thousand dollars in cash during the next few years, I guarantee that you'd say, hey, hand it right over. It could be a little fool is not to take it. Which makes it really stupid to pass up a chance to refinance or buy a home which has 3.95% here's the way it works. There's a fanty made program available for it. Just 3.95% for both refinancing and purchasing of homes. Think about it. Just 3.95% and all you have to do is call financial group. At their toll free number, 1-800-94053-63. That's 1-800-94053-63 to be more specific. You can get yourself 100 grand with payments of only $475. Or get you 200 grand with payments of only $950. You'll save yourself thousands and thousands and a lot of money. So be downright stupid to pass up a chance to do something like that. Do the math and do the next logical thing. Get the details by calling financial group toll free 1-800-940-land. That's 1-800-94053-63-80. For all 53-63, equal housing lender, credit restrictions, dual-ply and rates are subject to. This Friday lies the Baltimore on SportsWereel, my 60th. You weigh in. Money! Lay down on my phone. I'll never get these f**k deans out of my husband's short. You will now. Introducing new, no f**k laundry detergent with scum guard. Let's face it. Human bodily fluids of a toughest stains to remove from valuable undergarments. Whether it's not f**k of secretions, blood, even c**k. No no sh**t attacks these tough stains with patented scum guard for a deep down clean. Try new no f**k today. And if you're not completely satisfied, we'll double your money back. No sh**k no sh**k. Whiskum guard. What did she say? 117 at 5.60 WQIM. I'm just looking at this picture here in the National Post, which is a horrible newspaper, by the way, the worst. And I'm looking at this picture from this movie. The attack of the clones. Yes. Well, I've got so many stupid names for the different movies. And at least instead of like start wars, part 1 and start wars, part 2. We have to have like a really clever hook for real catchy name. Because part 1 and part 2, that's it. In addition, which part 4 was the first one. Correct. Right? Right? How would you know that? Well, I know that. I thought I don't you think I saw the original one? Yeah, but maybe in the second one. I'm carried enough to keep track of which is which. Hey, don't be knocking Mark Campbell now just because he got in a car wreck in his face. I'll put out push out of you. And by the way, he's also anyway. Whisk. So I'm thinking to myself, I'm looking at this and granted, they're going to make a lot of money with this movie. And it's going to have gigantic box or a fist. And all of that. I don't know if it'll like out through Spider-Man, but nevertheless. I'm thinking to myself since they had that very corny and embarrassing and poorly acted with the sceneer. One of Hayden Christians in an Adley Portman really did it in the movie. You know what I'm saying? Really had sex. That could only have helped instead of these sappy dialogue they were sharing and exchanging. Well, but seriously, I mean granted, there'd be a lot of people maybe nervous about bringing their little kids in there to see that. But yeah, I'll maybe America might grow up someday. But I'm thinking that if they really got it on during the movie, like I'm talking about, you know, like a real sex scene, I'm actually like a break all about surfer's records. You know, sometimes they film two different versions of movies so that they can play another movie. That would be a good idea. The R-rated version with violence and sex and then the, and the assrated version. Kitty Crep. Let's see. This, you know, Bob you're a good guy. Okay, faxing Bob, but he's getting a little bit curated away. Okay, the message sent him a, we have a lot of, So, okay, this is a part of the Chamber of Commerce. We already put that on the air, see? I think this is a different guy. This is a different one showing that. Oh, I see. Everyone is getting this. Oh, I see. This is from a different guy. Sorry, Bob, you're a good guy. Bob, we apologize. Don't bug me, Bob. Because here's a different message and sure enough, here's the same response from this guy. Yeah, see, it's a, it's a, and this was provided to the Chamber of Commerce by the homeless voice assholes. And it's like verbatim. It's a form of facts. It's just a standard form. They facts to everybody who complains. Please allow me to share God's word with you. When the sun am I, I mean, for the brow Chamber of Commerce to be responding with this kind of crap. There's something really, really wrong in. I'll take that right freaking now, man. I know there needs to be an investigation of this, but of course being south-floor to being what it is because everybody in the media down there bunch of pussy's. They won't be any investigation. Just like that guy then cop prostitute bring that in there. I'm going to tell you that to me, that's one of the, with all the scandals we have with all the politicians and this one and that one and the, the specs and the Jews and the shwarts and all the other crooked politicians over the last 50 years in south Florida. It's spite of all of that. There is nothing in my mind. Nothing that out does this business with the teenage prostitute ring that cops were running and that other cops were were soliciting and using. And, and the great media down there, all these investigative reports including the avant-garde, very gutsy and very ballsy new times and shitty like magazine. I'll just, uh, didn't know a guy damn thing. I'm gonna say, unless we missed it, do you think we missed it? No. I don't think so. No. Where's the beef, baby? Where's the real balls in the guy that media down there to investigate unbelievable outrageous scandal and crap? God, it just, uh, frost my ass. So when the real stuff comes long, ah, you know, we can't be bothered with that because somebody's easy to get and smeared somewhere which is most likely, or because maybe somebody's been intimidated a little bit, that could be a two. I'll say it for the eight million time. You can't complain about the journalism in South Florida because generally speaking, there isn't any. Just like that great thing that they hurled it about investigating the Miami International airport and all the payoffs and Mayor Pingu Piccayne and all his friends. Did that change anything? No. Is there any final one? No. No. No. No. No. No. Same old crap. In fact, I have a story which I think I threw out because it got dated about the black toppers in Dave County, the, the, yeah, the guys who do the lines in the road also. Right. And about a big scandal with that about how, uh, you know, was all these payoffs they had to make to get the contracts. And just like they got a call to us that one day from Palm Beach that poor enterprise in business guy, he said, you can't even, they won't even talk to you unless you smear the right hands in Dave County to do anything in the airport. He was trying to get like, you know, a vending thing in the airport. They won't even look at you unless you smear people there because that's how corrupt it is. So please don't give me a song in advance about, well, you know, you're picking on South Florida. I'm picking on it because it's the guy damn truth because it's a place that's bankrupt. It's morally bankrupt. It makes me sick. It makes me want to puke. Anyway, so nobody's going to look into the chamber of commerce and Broward and why they hopped into bed with a homeless voice and maybe who's getting smeared there a little bit. And to think that they can't have their own people respond to the faxes, they have some kind of a form of religious, a gullible, the, you know, that homeless voice gave them to send back. Then that's just outrageous is what it is. It's unbelievable. Yeah, that too. Maybe even. Maybe even. But that's how Florida for it never got to change. It's never got to change because like I told you for years, the only things they're passionate about are the early bird dinner, what can we get for free? That's it. That's what really turns on the populace of most of South Florida. What can we get for free? And the early bird dinner and boy, if we can get that for free, then life is really, or maybe almost. Am I getting a little bit worked up about that crap? Oh, this thing with a homeless voice being, and not just welcoming them in and legitimizing them, but having a fundraiser for them? And promoting them. And I guarantee we didn't have a half a dozen people that facts the goddamn Brower Chamber of Commerce about that and got Ben out of shape. And you should be better shape. Because everybody that I talked to is as pissed off as I am about these assholes out there in the middle of the road, blocking you off and intimidating you at every intersection all over town and date and Brower, or multiple of their abombs, but it wouldn't surprise me, huh? Just wait till you come back to town, they're multiplying, they're spreading their thicker than ever. Yeah, it's like a goddamn disease. And then, and then responses after the various municipalities threaten them with passing laws to get them off the streets to responses. Well, if you try to keep us off these major intersections, we're going to go like in a back streets, into people's private neighborhoods. And they better stay out of back street. How do you like that? Well, the militant cult that this is, legitimate organizations don't make threats. They don't operate by intimidation. They don't try to muscle their way into your life. But this is not a legitimate organization. So you people at the goddamn Chamber of Commerce, man, you haven't heard the last from me yet. I'm not that it's ever going to do any good, but at least I'll be the one voice that keeps screaming about it. Just like the thing with that cop prostitute ring. Here we are talking about the Catholic Church and rightfully so and all these other religious organizations, these fronts for a perversion, where there have been molestin all these little kids for years, but I guess if cops do it then it's okay. If any of you listening to me did it, you'd be in a goddamn slammer for 50 years. But it's not a Florida man. It's just a Lala land. Just keep rolling along mind your own business, go out and fire your brains in the sun and that's it. Speaking of that New York Daily News, it's Grand Jury Eyes Priests. Westchester County panel weighs sex charges in Arts Diceys' role. A Westchester County Grand Jury is launched at Wide Ranging Provinist sexual misconduct complaints against New York Arts Diasis in priest and the role church administrators played in handling the allegations the New York Daily News has learned. The investigations focusing General Anallagations contained in the personnel files of priest that were provided to Westchester District Attorney GM Piro's office, recently by the Arts Diceys sources, be saying. The Grand Jury is also looking into possibly incriminating information provided by members of the public and victims whose cases have not been publicized yet the sources added. At least one computer was seized from the rectumary of a Westchester parish as authorities investigate possible links to child pornography the sources added. The Grand Jury began hearing testimony May 6, the medican on Monday sources said, David Aber, Piro's chief aide said he had no comment. Joseph Swilling's spokesman for the Arts Diceys said he was unaware of the Grand Jury Provin had no comment. One source said a handful of priesthood being investigated, another said some of them remain unactive duty. The Reverend General or Gentile subject of a daily news investigation in March and one of six priests suspended by the Arts Diceys in April is among those being investigated by the Grand Jury the sources be saying. Gentile known as Father Jerry has been dog biologacians of sex abuse for 30 years. He served at Holy Name of Mary Church in Crohn on Hudson from 1987 to 2000 and his handle annulments from the Arts Diceys before suspension. In its investigation of Gentile the news described a chronic pattern of sexual misconduct citing court documents and interviews with witnesses and leg victims. Some of those interview contend that Gentile had sexually assaulted them in his rectory bedroom and if remote upstate Lake House and even the family removed one of the victims. A lawsuit filed against Gentile in 1997 by the parents of two young men was quickly settled in December. The family agreed to a gag order as part of the settlement. The abuch as somebody was gagging on it. The news also reported March that another teen's family had been given money to pay for that youngster's psychiatric therapy as long as the family did not reveal the arrangement with the church. Hush money. 26 after the hour of 560 W.M. got Joe Rose with maddog at one we got your baseball team in the afternoon. Joe's a gacky after baseball because well, just one of those things and then the big- The news was that the family had been in the middle of the night. The news was that the family had been in the middle of the night. The news was that the family had been in the middle of the night. The news was that the family had been in the middle of the night. The news was that the family had been in the middle of the night. The news was that the family had been in the middle of the night. The news was that the family had been in the middle of the night. The news was that the family had been in the middle of the night. The news was that the family had been in the middle of the night. The news was that the family had been in the middle of the night. The news was that the family had been in the middle of the night. The news was that the family had been in the middle of the night. The news was that the family had been in the middle of the night. The news was that the family had been in the middle of the night. The news was that the family had been in the middle of the night. The news was that the family had been in the middle of the night. The news was that the family had been in the middle of the night. The news was that the family had been in the middle of the night. The news was that the family had been in the middle of the night. The news was that the family had been in the middle of the night. The news was that the family had been in the middle of the night. The news was that the family had been in the middle of the night. The news was that the family had been in the middle of the night. The news was that the family had been in the middle of the night. The news was that the family had been in the middle of the night. The news was that the family had been in the middle of the night. The news was that the family had been in the middle of the night. The news was that the family had been in the middle of the night. The news was that the family has been in the middle of the night. The news was that the family had been in the middle of the night. The news at the end was that the family had been there. From 200 years ago, when they were slaves, well I only have a mobile home, a pitiful in a pinch of skull, so if you want to ask me how here's what I got to say, you've got to get a bigger gun, and tell them that you're sorry for enslaving them all, you're a bigger gun, and that's where everybody's who is dead and tall. If I was born in 1802, old enslaved things, something I do, but what were that people did do? I have to take the flying, when you see it all four and old honey act, with the Canna Spalli Cherry in fact, instead of 40 acres and the mule, I have a better way. You've got to get a bigger gun, and let's put on Halle Paris, Oregon Raymond too. He has a bigger gun, and that's your best intuition for it's life, you. He has a bigger gun, and tell them that you're sorry for it's life and a mule, you're got a bigger gun, and that's where everybody's who is dead and tall. I'm a pretty free 560 WQAM, 45 for the Simpsons 43 for all of the family, our final runoff or spinoff or whatever it is. Best TV show of all time, Simpsons 45, all the family 43, 21, sign felt 26 and after that it's way down hill. Blacks debate slavery reparations, it's why just play that, plus the fact we like it. In news data that it says Joe Hicks is he and millions of people like him are the reason reparations for descendants of African slaves are a bad idea. Good. A black professional and family man Hicks works in an LA high rise, owns a home and has two daughters. He says reparations would be an insult to hardworking blacks, who is just they need some kind of government aid because of something they have it over a century ago, and you are. Right, there's the goodx for you. Reparations have emerged as a major issue for black activists this year with past action lawsuits contending that present day gaps between whites and blacks and everything from income to life expectancy are the legacy of slavery. Get a vocal minority in the black community including Hicks and other often conservative intellectuals and activists are arguing against the reparations drive. Good for them. The majority of black Americans are in fact middle class as Hicks executive director of the center for the study of popular culture a conservative stink tank. They don't feel the crushing weight of slavery in their daily lives, he be saying. Reparations advocates argue that descendants of enslaved blacks are owed a debt for their ancestors unpaid labor and the consequences of slavery. Most American blacks or whites don't even understand slavery, they really don't understand the impact that it's had in our culture and how it lingers said away when Bush was editing a book on reparations that includes essays from both supporters and the tractors. People want to say that was then this is now was there? Maybe like that? There was with Amelia West about it. And Kray Sheffer that was then this is now. What the reparation discussion does is connect those historical dots between slavery and now. It's kind of like, you know, when the Indians own Manhattan. We'll make a lot of dots. And connect between back then and then like, you know, all those beads they got. Even today advocates noted income gap between blacks and whites persist. Can imagine why? About 47% of black households could be considered middle income in the year 2000. According to analysis of census data by the Joint Center for Political and Economic Studies, another stink tank focusing on black issues. But are there sure lot of stink tanks around, you know what? A lot of stink tanks, but there's nobody thinking tank. By contrast, about 64% of white households were middle income. 47% of black households, 64% of white households. Earlier this month, the man who's a descendant of African slaves filed a federal lawsuit against the bank and insurance company in a railroad climbing day or their corporate predecessors unjustly profited from slavery. Three slave descendants filed similar suits in March. Yet, now here, and I got to be careful with this name. And I GER. NIGER. NIGER in his national spokesman for the Congress of racial equality says, the reparations debate within black America is not the slam dunk you might believe. See there you go to the dark I use in a basketball term again. The reparations debate within black America is not the slam dunk you might believe there's a little rebellion that's taking foot. In his Hicks and others are debating reparations advocates like the Reverend Jesse Jackson, the Uxious Jesse Jackson, and at Joe Ayo, Ayah Torah of the National Coalition of Blacks for reparations in America. The Reverend Jesse Lee Peterson, a conservative black activist and of course obviously Reverend is planning a nationwide stop reparations now tour at university churches and community centers beginning in June. Let's hear it for the Reverend. Reparations advocates know most white Americans are not going to stand up for it against fear of being called erases. Now let's say it again. Most white Americans are not going to stand up against it. I see for fear of being called erases Peterson said, recent people immigrants who came here legally will have to pay this just another shake down. Now you agree with that. That most white people are going to stand up against reparations. I don't believe that for a second. I think their point is that there's not going to be big public outcry, you know rallies. Well I hear a T either because of a private outcry behind closed doors. I'll tell you that. I'll be plenty of crying on this show publicly and privately because the answer is no. No. It's an intense crap. Just another. Now they're desperate to tend to get a handout. No chance. Get your handout out of my pocket God dammit. It's an argument when Bush said he encounters frequently. My ancestors didn't know in slaves. So why do I have to pay for something I didn't have anything to do with? He answers by setting the $20,000 paid to which Japanese American held an internment cancer in World War II. Its American is apple pie to pay taxes or whatever for what this nation did when Bush said. The difference being what he doesn't understand is that those Japanese Americans are rather than internment camps. Those people actually had a complot complaint because they were violated them. Not some of their ancestors 2000 years ago or 400 years ago or whatever it I held was. I guess you don't see the distinction. No. Maybe they'll go back and spend more time in his stintank. Some will pause reparation believe the moment depicting blacks as victims. It's sort of a continuation of the sort of grievance politics that black American leadership has fallen into where he just named grievance and victimization and hoped to get from the largest society some preferential treatment or money said she'll be steel. A research fellow at Stanford University's Hoover Institution. Reparations would not correct social is such as inadequate school systems there you go. Now we're starting to get more on a little bit. Underdeveloped urban centers in the proliferation of gangs could say now we're starting to get to the meat of the matter. If you threw money at schools in the racial profiling issue that would do precisely nothing. So John McWart, a senior federal and Manhattan Institute, a New York-based conservative leaning stintank. The tractors also say that it tells a determining who's entitled reparations could split the black community for example with someone with one black parent being titled reparations and what about Malcolm? You think he deserves any? A quarter. Said inus these are the types of questions that I'm only are going to divide black America from the rest of America but divide black America within itself. Well I don't think it's going to happen because I don't think it's going to get that far. Do you know it's quite a Jesse Jackson all the other people looking for a grandstanding once again. I think the answer is very clearly no one to board goes back. Try some other way. 20 before a noon at 5.60 WQA. Look at that. Simpson's 48 all in the family 46. It's getting nip and tuck. It's getting tight baby. Mash way down there at 32. You know, McWart shopping is just playing. Look what it says in my copy here. Look at the word. It's just playing stupid. That's what it says. You can't actually test mattress comfort by lying out in the store somewhere for a few minutes with some asshole sales guy standing over your shoulder while the plastic is still on the mattress by the way. How do I get any test that out? So if you want to really test out a mattress and if you really want to get the best one going at a unbeatable price call our good friends at Donna McWart's 1-800 mattress like I always be doing because Donna McWart gives you so much more than just great service they give an unbeatable deal all the way around like I said low prices. Pop name brands serve to see these him and King Gorley out of all. They got the people answering their phones so we know this business inside and out so they hook up with exactly the mattress you're looking for and because they got the deepest likes to brand a mattresses you don't have to worry about getting bait and swish. Don't ever do that to you. The one you want is your Instock right now available for immediate delivery when you want to when it's convenient for you like I've been telling you for a coupons age. So pick up that phone and call Donna McWart's right now. Believe me you'll feel it and you're back and away your whole body feels every day when you walk around sleep it on a great mattress. Call 1-800 mattress do the smart way. Not stupid. 1-800-MATTR-ES or look them up on your website if you prefer at Macroscopy. He from Mark Laced to here,zem porcelable. The software isPLATE those were the. So light, all the heart burn. Don't go, don't ever breathe, time has seen. Don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go. That pre-torned here, which don't go, don't go, I'm TV. He's President Thump. I'm a Republican muscle man, and in our kingdom it's hideous. I don't know why. They won't want to die, but no he's here. First proof of that for years. With President Thump's. I don't know why. Oh, what I get to go, you got most once more. And get to we all vote it more. If you want this, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go. I'm a Republican, rich kid. Don't go, don't be easy, man. Lumber than me. He's President Thump. You don't care what it is. You got him in my hook from the cross. You're a Christian. I know what it does if you and I will have no fear. We've got a great leader here. With President Thump's. Both in the little. Birth and death, before anyone, Like Pence, the board of directors, you have to do something? W-what's wrong? Who says you'll do this? that this president still promoting his plan on letting it take part of your social security money and gamble it away. I mean, an invested in a market. I mean, you talk about the hotspot behalf of all of his corporate friends. It is just unbelievable. And of course, the Bush liqueurs out there. Oh, yeah. Well, that's a good idea. It's a great idea. Let's see if we can invest all of our money for all those years and so get in such a crappy return on that social security. Well, we'll get to that. Another great story from our good friend Dave was going to be a chronic facts about what's some good stuff today. Nice going Dave. Maybe it's run it off from Fettboy. What do you think? The Fettin as Judge for castration judge to rule in sex offense case. This is on Miami Beach, no less. A man who confessed to sexually assaulting 11 year old boy is told a judge he'll plead guilty if he can avoid prison by being surgically castrated. Oh, right. Ricardo Jose Garcia. Uh oh. 37 was accused last year performing oral sex on a child under 12. Underfloor law, he'd face a life sentence if convicted and often offense against a victim that young. Garcia's trial was set to begin this week, but when Garcia made his request, Miami Circuit Court Judge Roberto Pineiro called a recess and said he would ponder the ethics of the ruling. Pineiro was expected to respond sometime today. Garcia made the request because prosecutors of a strong case against him defense lawyer Robert Pertiere said, they uh Roberto Roberto. They have a sworn confession and DNA evidence. And my client will be looking at a prison sentence only when they carry out in the casket. He said, a tisket a tisket. We're going to carry your ass on the casket. Garcia's got no prior arrests. He'd absolutely rather live outside a prison without his testicles than in prison for the rest of his life with him said Pertiere, who advised Garcia not to talk to reporters. They'd county police arrested Garcia, a popular social studies teacher, and Miami Northwestern High School in April of last year for allegedly performing oral sex on a boy he was babysitting. He's under house arrest at $75,000 bond. The child's mother testified on Monday she'd be satisfied with Garcia only spent a couple years in prison according to court testimony, police detectives recommended the same. Florida's castration law took effect in 1997, the law makes chemical castration mandatory for repeat sex offenders and gives judges discretion to impose the punishment on first-time arresters. A judge cannot order surgical castration but defendants can volunteer. Garcia's attorneys argue that the law allows the shorter sentence with physical castration, prosecutor Navigio Perus at Hill Push for Life sentence, he'll contend that state law says neither chemical nor surgical castration can be reduced to use to reduce prison terms. A judge in Ocarusa County in the Florida Panhandle handed on sentences in 1999 and 2000 along the low end of state guidelines, the three defendants would read to be surgically castrated. All right. When it doubts. When it doubts, nip, moth baby. Oh. Let's see. Chris. Oh, you have to be joking me. If this is true. If this is true, that norma can't call the mystery go show this morning. I will never speak to that child again in my life. Says Chris, who's a 17 year listener. Do you think as somebody who's a loyal listener to show would not make that a I don't want to think about it. Storm and Norman. I don't want to think about it. I don't want to. In fact, you know something I want to talk about him now or to him. Anyway, mob muscles in on market. This keeping in mind that you're present at once to let you take in gamble away. You're social security money when you're a young person. So that by the time you get to be like a retirement age, you'll have nothing left like the in-ron people. Just gamble it away. In fact, how about pre-plane tickets to Vegas is a better idea? At least you'll have a good time there. You'll come home broke, but you'll have a great time. This is from the Daily News. When Robert Gallagal applied to be registered stock broker, he mentioned his only previous experience was as a labor foreman. He didn't say anything about his repeated association with one of the nation's largest crime families nearest in a basic plan. Mothi runs stock market firms focus on violence and ripping off clients. Once Gallagal joined the Monitor Investment Group by 20 Exchange Place, he acted in a manner more consistent with the character in the sopranos than someone who keeps track of the money line news hour. On June 14th, Gallagal was indicted along with 119 others in the biggest securities fraud case in US history. Since then, law enforcement officials and financial regulators come to believe the mob's influence on Wall Street may be even greater than they once suspected. The five New York mafia families say authorities have figured out that the current bull market is made at right for the picking. Officials see increasing cooperation among crime families to divide up the Wall Street pie. They're getting more together said very more and director of FBI's New York office. They're happy to be taking advantage of the good times they know how we look at them and they can branch out a new area where not is aware that's their advantage. Investigators prosecute as regulators with the National Association of Securities Dealers and the SEC all agree that the mob has looked at the margins of Wall Street for years. But now for the first time prosecutors say a mob boss is receiving a per share, mob tax in a tax stocks scam. Alfonso Ali boy, Pursaco, reputed acting boss of the Columbo crime family is getting six cents for every share of the mob secretly controls in various pump and dump schemes, prosecutors alleged, pump and dump. Assistant US attorney, Patrick, but Cecil knows about that pump and dump. Assistant US attorney, Patrick Smith, who's leading the 120 defendant mob on Wall Street case for Manhattan US attorney, Mary Joe White, said the money is funneled through Pursaco's cousin, Frank Pursaco, a registered broker since the end of the last bull market in 1988. Frank Pursaco and alleged Columbo associate along with Gallo and Vincent Landjela, another report I've reputed Columbo associate, represents the new breed of rising mafia star, the wise guy, broker. A review of their resumes reveals a trailer fraud as they jump from one scam brokerage house to another, all three of an indicted very security fraud schemes. For instance, from January 1989 through December 92, Pursaco worked at AS Goldon and Company, he jumped to JW Berkeley for March 1993 through February 94, then to Myers Pollock Robbins to June 1995, then he moved to William Scott and Company through November 97, then to First Liberty Investment Group. All of these firms have been implicated in massive fraud and investigations by the Manhattan District Attorney, they man-hat in US attorney in the SEC. I look at the history of these mob connected brokerage houses shows how they operate within a few blocks of one another in the harder law street. They're the crime families of New York who often can't agree on anything, forged temporary and fragile alliances to make money. At 17 statesdread from 1993 through 1996, white rock investments was a co-opper agreement between the Bananero Columbo and Gen. AZ families, according to Brooklyn Federal prosecutors. At 30 Broad Street in 1996 and 1997, Myers Pollock Robbins was controlled by the same allegiance of Bananero Columbo and Gen. ABC families according to court papers. At 80 Broad Street, 84 William Street, 1996, First Liberty became a joint venture between the Bananero and Columbo crime families, prosecutor Smith said. And most recently, in 1998 through last June, DMN capital investments at 5'N over square was run by the Bananero and Gen. Bino families and indictment prop by Manhattan Federal Grand jury alleges. Investigators say Wall Street is a perfect spot for La Cosa Nostra Strong Armed Tactics, the mob is threatening white collar Yuppies not long suremen or teamsters. Typically, mobsters mustle in on a small brokerage house, then set up boiler rooms to hard sell stock in classic Pump and Dump schemes. Gangsters secretly own stock in worthless companies, they pay off corrupt brokers and stock promoters to pump up the stock's value by telling unwitting investors a company's about to go public or when a huge contractor be brought out by major firm. When the value rises significantly, they dump the stocks on mass, forcing the stock value to plummet and leaving in the large unbiting investors who often are senior citizens. When the scheme is exposed, they move on to another questionable firm. I call it the maggot run, said one regular who spoke on condition of anonymity. Brokers go from one sleazy firm to the next, they rip people off and then they move on before they get caught or sued. At DMN capital and head over square, a former employee who spoke to the Daily News on condition of anonymity, described the atmosphere as one big party. Run by be reputed, the Ambino Associated James La Body and Bananero Associates Salvatorpiata and Jeffrey Polkross, how to help the eGrid in there. DMN frequently through parties with hookers at Midtown hotels, spending wildly as it scanned unsuspecting investors through hard-sealth tactics and the former DMN employee. Prosecutors alleged that to keep the party going, the gangsters kept stock promoters in line by threats of violence. When one promoter was suspected by DMN's gangsters principles of being an informative abate who's not a broker, allegedly knocked him out with one punch, then stripped off his shirt to see if he was wearing a recording device according to Prosecutors Smith. Like many of the mob run firms, the inevitably came in day when there was a falling out among steves, at DMN Columbo Associated Prosecutors shot up a DMN computer when he decided he'd been ripped off Smith says. At Myers Polk, a six-for-age interview associate, slapped a broker in the face, the broker saw help from a Bananero associate and both families arranged a February 12, 1997 sit down at the Abraiamento with Hayden Restaurant near Karnas, a Karnasipur in Brooklyn, best of all the city. Yeah, Abraiamento. As a result, prosecutor, maybe they should have had been eaten at Louie's in a Bronx instead, you know, I heard the feels better there. As a result, prosecutor's alleged DiBanano family agreed to let the Gen. AC Family control Myers Polk Polk. At monitor investment group, the pump and dump scan began to fall apart when one of the stock brokers was beaten decided to fight back with a lawsuit. Registered broker Robert Grant, who now lives in an undisclosed location in fear of mob revenge, said in court pay presumably working at a monitor for several months when broker Robert Gallaud told him there was a staff meeting in the conference room. On January 1996, Grant and ACo worked her walked in without warning for no stated reason, were attacked. Gallaud won five other brokers beat the two men with fist and kicked into the floor, one man was pub with an office here, the other was a bit none the back. Grant later, Tape Gallaud, who apologized for the beating but said he believed Grant was about to skip to another firm and take customers with him. He then recited DiLog that could have come from just about any mob movie imaginable, the way he used carried yourselves that used was looking to do the wrong thing to what she said. Sometimes you know cooler heads don't prevail but unfortunately you know it's nothing personal between me and you. In other words, it's not personal, it's only business. Four minutes before noon at five, 60 WQAM. Summer times of Panya, baby. On days when it's not pouring cans and dogs, it's 110 degrees in the shade and from what everybody says it's going to be brutal to summer. But all the amount is a great product. That'll help you in a failure best to keep you in good health. Help your survive the self-resolved as summers. Oliu men as a softshell capsuleer contains the best olive oil on the face of the globe and we all know the great things that olive oil can do for us. In us honest underneath this, it contains olive oil along with vitamins and minerals and herbalists to grow it health for all different parts of your body for your prostate, for your heart, for your blood pressure, for your cholesterol. Oliu men's also got supplements to promote health and your circulatory system, your digestive or interconsystem your skin and bones, even your mind as well, all using the benefits like I said only moments ago, the best olive oil that money can buy and Oliu men's got products as I'm sure you know by now for men and for ladies as well. Oliu men's available at Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, tomorrow pharmacy and Sedanos. If you want to get more info on your products, how they work and what they be doing, call them toll-free, they'll answer your questions. One, 866 Oliu men. That's 866 Olao MeD, where in order to their products right off their website. It's the 12th to 1 hour. Oiveen. Salinite on CBS. Eat it, there's back from the dead. It's the 20th anniversary of all in the family. Oh rookie dead. If you need John Jellowee. Daddy, don't be such a crutch. Now whatever happened to my little girl, who catches? Why don't you push yourself away from the table, huh? Maybe have a salad once in a while. Don't you know how many of the world's people have never had a decent meal? Again with the charity she'll be on. Well it's true. Charles, why don't you send them the bones from the turkey you had for breakfast? No, what a... Why? Who are we at? Oh, I'm serious! I'm serious! Did you get that daughter who was pushing her days? He's mine. Oh no, watchy. The last step is out was all the band's dream. He seems so bad to me. Well, who was it back there, Beatit? I wish to die off. You can give me another beat. Oh well, that's one of your fanomers. So are you all in the family? Saturday night on CBS. Rock to you, but IBS home car's diamond school. Where you can learn auto mechanics, gun repair, all that just... You're gonna sell more people. Probably one of the reason I've played that is all in the family. Just jump to head. It's still a really tight all in the family 55. The best TV show of all time. This is our runoff today on eorangers.com. This is our final tally. We're looking at it for all we can get. All in the family 55, Simpsons 51, Master D6 and Simpsons 33 and after that it's... Way down the list. So here's George Sand by the way something. The mob broker connection was a storyline in the subpanelist last season. It was just like the story I read. If the broker didn't go along with the program, the Goons Beatit Schmidt out of him. How do you like that? Way ahead of its time. Although obviously that was going on for a long time before we got that story. See during that break there I'm just thinking of myself. Here's another even better similarity between Vegas and the stock market is the fact that it's rigged. It's rigged. And the little guy hasn't got a chance. I mean you might get lucky. Some people got lucky during the internet bubble and they just have to get it at the right time and maybe there was smart enough to get out of that. That's just blind luck. Luck in Vegas. You can win in Vegas. You know you get lucky for sure. If you win too much of course, pick it up and break in your legs. They don't get too happy about it. They don't like guys that come in their wise guys. And win too much money so then they bring out their own wise guys. Use that. That's just the way it is. It's a big scam. And anybody who doesn't believe that. I mean when you sit and you watch the stuff that goes on and you see the mad, the way the these things are manipulated and the wild massive swings that take place. Little people aren't doing that. No. Now some 78-year-old woman is hoping to like make a few bucks or she can pay for prescription drugs in into Buc Iowa somewhere. She's not manipulating the market. I'm not manipulating it. George ain't manipulating it with his little 25 cents stocks there on the nice deck. And we sit and we watch the ticker every day and it's a part of our lives. It's right down where there's that ball to the dassalari fly. You're hoarding on threat. Yeah threat this. And the little tickers are in the corner and as dags down 2.44. The dows up a few points but not too much and it'll go down. And no matter where you turn to pretty soon it's going to be on the god damn a comedy channel. Every channel it's going to be like mandatory that you have that on your it's like a it's like a subliminal bowl thing like a president would say. To keep it in your head so like oh well that's better one look at that look at the bargains at a waiting force now. Right. Look at the Cisco at 16 bucks look at Oracle at eight bucks look at some micro systems like $7.3 send or something like that and palm at two and a half bucks. Look at all these great companies that are supposed to be the best god damn thing that money can buy. This is a way to retire man. This is a way to invest. We really make the big bucks. Isn't that the scam? It's a fraud. And at any time the intellectualize it and therefore it makes it and they have all these pundits on there and David Faber says this in joke hernence says that Emoria Bartara oh a bad aroma she says this and blinks your eyes and wicked and blicking and nodding and like a ha ha like you know with the inflection of voice when the pressure or the pressure. I say it ought to be against the law for them to put those down if you want to watch the gambling channels be my guest CNN fn and CNBC that's it and if MSNBC wants to put it on there because they're they're waiting suck any when they're desperate maybe they can put it on there any other network that puts it on there take it off ought to be against the law it's depressing it's demoralizing. What is it accomplished for us does it tell you anything I mean is it you undo anything about it? No. Now nothing you can do about it. Retired clubhouse right sox clubhouse manager plays guilty of sex abuse. In Barto oh and that's uh you ever been to Barto you've been to Europe and I'm sure. Overby Tampa man what a place that is I'll tell you one thing though you know they got us beaded many things on a west coast of Florida. Not only they got crystal and not only they had like hard to use and they had the stake in shake long before we ever got him but they got air v i mean there are strips of roads man over there where there's air v fast food joint that was ever invented. Now what tell us that roots 60 that goes across the Tampa I believe it is. I forget come on get with it well yeah you got to get it out house a little bit more instead of just going to North Carolina you got to go over to lutes and no uh huh what's that I don't want to write by lutes don't eat and roll the yahu's are right next to it well anyway it'll come to me possum springs. Not that's right by lutes they're all the goddamn uh where they tend to wear those funny pointed hats. Anyway a retired Boston Red Sox Spring Training Clubhouse manager pleaded guilty yesterday today to molesting young boys who worked at the team's complex. And by the way thanks extra thanks to a to our factions out there in radio land who are really facts and a lot of heavy duty stuff that our vast staff here on the aradio show doesn't have the resources or time to be able to find them in during the show you know what I'm saying. See that's another thing about Greg Reed he ought to be on his hands and he's skissing all of our asses me and George and McGill and the any and Joe and anybody else associated with the show ought to be looking our cheeks. When you stop and think of the magic that we we even make with nothing with zero do we have a news wire no see I'm not gonna go back through that whole thing about how we had a that we had a you know get other people to provide us with the TV set and I had to buy my own computer all of those things you ought to get done on your hands and he's in kiss our knee catch instead of this a baby crap okay is they what was it what's the line again? The truth I got news for a man the truth is in force on his side I'm still doing the new aradio show okay from here on in next four and a half years that's what I do I do the aradio show it's a radio show anybody that cannot bring themselves to understand that I feel real sorry for them not tough to be okay it's the new aradio show and I will continue doing the new aradio show period I have no you know personal problem with anybody who works there except the course for that thing what thing we already mentioned it's no one's before today that that thing out front what passes is a receptionist but other than that I got no problem and then of course Mati Bell and Sushu's Anne I mean screw in hey let's bring screw issues Anne back uh for what Donald James Patrick agreed to reduce charges of attempted sexual battery on a child under 12 will pay four victims $10,000 in restitution the 73 year old Fitzpeth ago since the 15 years probation and a 10 years suspended a prison sentence in Polk County Circuit Court in Barto the play agreement was accepted by a circuit judge due to the planners over the objections of one victim 13 men have told investigators they were molested or subjected to sexual harassment from Fitzpatrick who hired them as far back as the 1970s to work at the clubs for spring or spring uh training it says here springing training camp in winter haven they're more carried away than I am some of the men also religion civil law suit that red socks knew of the abuse and did nothing about it the team is denied any wrongdoing of course the civil case is not affected by today's plays the play agreement with Fitzpatrick who's ill from kidney disease and other ailments covers the four youngest victims the victims are all now men ranging from their teens to their 30s including two who are still minors the allegations were not brought to prosecute as attention till last year Fitzpatrick will return with home in Randolph mass will be out of the supervision of a probation officer and forbidden for having any contact with chilins if he violates probation he could be returned to Florida's Server prison sentence and possibly be incarcerated indefinitely as a sexual predator that's the news from barto ladies and gentlemen temple terrace that's a place i was trying to think oh lutes and good old temple terrace you ever been in temple terrace i don't think so good or lutes we don't like your kind there they definitely know like my kind believe me which covers a lot of territory drive real fast to be able to find yourself in temple terrace or lutes a family friend told a grand jury Kennedy cousin Michael skakele once admitted he might have killed Martha moxley and a drunken stupor was revealed yesterday says today's New York daily news mild rid scissy x i love that name i x give a hervoname like that never now she was kind of like stevey next would be x next mild rid scissy x told a grand jury that skakele's father rushed in skakele confided Michael skakele's admission to her 1981 six years after the murder i had a lot to drink then i would like to see if i could have had so much to drink that i would have forgotten something and i could have murdered Martha x told a grand jury 1998 recounting how the elder skakele quoted his son x a long time skakele family friend also told a grand jury that russian skakele said his son wanted to take a sodium pedithol or truetsurum test but when asked about the conversation yesterday x stunned the courtroom by recanting her 1990 a grand jury testimony instead she now says russian skakele only told her his son wanted to take the truetsurum she said the statement about his drinking and possibly killing moxley or her thoughts i never knew i know that russian never ever heard from Michael at he killed anyone except i put in russian skakele's mouth when i actually thought she put it in his mouth skakele's lawyer Mickey Sherman tried to keep the jury from hearing about x's grand jury testimony calling in hearsay prasicutor suz and gil counted it's hard to imagine that a father would report such a thing if it weren't true judge john kavenuski led jurors here because they could demon is trustworthy and reliable they could take it with a grain of salt or not as a case maybe any like that here's one you love what bridge new jersey three firefighters are under investigation for allegedly throwing a late night firehouse party which they led members of a punk band don their gear and ride around town in their vehicles with lights blazing and sirens wailing like it don't you love that what a nice part of those firefighters man that's the kind of sense of human being available when you slide up and down grease poles all the time usually naked keep steven melodies brother david and keneth hellarchic were also spitted indefinitely while the investigation be continuing syngo's of greco and attorney for the board of commissioners for iselin fire district eleven no other firefighters were expected to face this plenary action officials learned about the alleged may third party after pictures and narratives were posted on the band's website according to the site the foreman band called lit l it's several firefighters by chance at a local restaurant and later went with them to the firehouse the site also said that the band performed an all-request show for the firefighters that night and put them on a guest list for their concert the pictures and narratives were temporarily removed from the site this week at the firefighter's request a band spokesman said Tuesday lit's publics can fill up said the band had no official combat in the matter steven melodies said the event was being blown out of proportion there wasn't anything down at the fire department that was illegal melds said there wasn't anything done that should be any major random from ramification about how do you like that but i do like that first pair of refuge bears reading again three firefighters in woodbridge new jersey under investigation for allegedly throwing a late night firehouse party at which they led members of a punk band down there gear and right around town their vehicles with lights blazing and sirens wailing all right let them don their gay apparel they don their gay apparel lempracy to slide up and on them greasy poles prominent's past noon at five sixty wqm how do you like that but big one how like maybe at the firehouse we're talking about a big fat impressive juicy paycheck fast rank and up your table and that's right because if you check out with fast rank you can get a cheap a brand new career and start making some big bucks in assured time is four months you can double the size of yours your paycheck by becoming a computer professional and you can accomplish all of these things before the summer's even over fast rank offers micro-sorb to the right instructors no payments for a four year job placement assistance they need in classes with work in vino locations all over date and brought a clean the right new campus in kennel you've got no excuses left call fast rank at eight six fast rank or check them out on their website at fast-trained.com because now honestly and truly they can have you ready with a brand new money making career and it's a little as four months nobody should ever have to settle for a small one even if nature gave it to them so pick up the phone call fast-trained two day toll free at one eight six six fast-trained that's eight six six fast train and don't forget all factory locations are licensed by the state commission party Grow another selfies I was gonna clean my room until I got home I was gonna get up and find the room, but then I got home I was gonna go to class before I got home Come on, you're taking it I could've cheated and I could've passed But I got home I'm taking a next semester and I know why I was gonna pay my child support but then I got home No, you were just kidding I'd have picked up my whole paycheck And I know why Why did I pay? Because I got up, because I got up I wasn't gonna run from the cops But I was ha, oh, seriously, man I was gonna pull right over and stop But I was ha, oh I was gonna make love to you I was gonna make love to you I was gonna make love to you I was gonna pinch your pussy too I was gonna run from the cops And I know why I was gonna pinch your pussy too I was gonna make love to you I was gonna make love to you I was gonna make love to you I was gonna make love to you I was gonna make love I got up, because I got up Because I'm hungry We are boasting and it's all being wrong We're gonna make love to you We're gonna make love to you I sure thought, that'd be is, I will I am going to write on the road I don't mean it! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! You really are a little loose! You've shoot me do well! You're 25, 60. Now that you're coming, I got your roast for the mad dog at one, and you got your ball game at 2,30 pre game game time at 20,05. Joe's a gacky at six. Oh, and then the big- Oh! At ten. Proving that life isn't always perfect. Joe and Mark the Dirty Boys overnight. Hope you have gas-piece in both of the night, 7-9. Give it away a bunch of crap and also something good. You can register to win a trip to Lake Tahoe. In the Vex models of either with specials on Vex Beer, Gansby's is in Boko, Hillsborough, Boulevard, and 18 Street between Military and Power Line. 370 votes on our pole, the best TV show of all time, and most interesting, let's look at it from the bottom now. You see that they're three that have no votes, ER, but they watch and burn you. They watch has got no votes. Oh my God! Oh my God! Wow! Man, we're bad memories. I'll probably have to think of a David Hasselhoff since you mentioned yesterday. And Pan Anderson. Now, the reason why you didn't think she looked good on that show. No. Plastic, overstuffed, peroxide, wreaking, long-ass nails look like a hooch. Well, I'll tell you one thing, she was no an edley portman. I'll tell you that. Damn straight. That's a lady. That's a lady. Oh, God. The less I say the better off it will be, okay? And I said, Mike. Like I said before, whatever his name, Hans Christian Anderson, and whatever hell his name is, hey, and Christians. And he's a lot prettier than she is. And also, if we delete. Barney Miller does never one vote. Saying elsewhere in code, here's the ones that I can't even do all the ones that have one. Dick Van Dyke show, Oprah Winfrey, Alfred Hitchcock presents, Rowan and Martin's laugh and Larry Sanders show, Frazier, prices right, Carol Burnett show, leave it in Beaver, codejack, and say that else where each of them have just one. Boy, so really basically, and double digit, so I think you've got his like two four. So we've got almost 400 votes. Two four six seven. So, is it a planner's 11, star direct next to generation 14, Todd Drek, Monty Python, how do you see him lately? Yes, he poked his head in the door just a little while ago, like an hour as well. What the hell did he want? I know. See, there's my second powers again. What did he want? No idea, didn't talk to me. He would just want Miguel. Just saying what's up. Yeah, what's up? What's up? Anyway, not, this happened just gonna bite my time because he just didn't fury it's me. At least the other people. We got some real boneheads there in the sales department. At least the other people try. You know what I'm saying? They'll make it effort. They'll make a little bit of a half-assed effort. But here is a man who refuses, absolutely, to services accounts. I get copy from this guy about once every seven years. Then the audience hears me struggling desperately trying to make something new and exciting different. I like the same Schmidt that this guy handed me like seven months ago, ten years ago, seven weeks ago. By the way, happy to go with. Did you know what you were going to start tonight? No, I did not. Let's hear it. It was. How the things in Schmidt. And while we're at it, why the hell not a little bonus? Happy birthday. Sure, why the hell not? So many way, all the family 61, Simpsons 55, Mash 37, SignFeld36, there's a battle. Money Python 15, StarDirect14, soprano 11, those are the only ones you've been in double digits. Moving right along, to show you like I said before, America continuing striving desperately to refine all the media equity you can. Sunny Bona, how's he doing? See him lightly? I guess not. No. But then his wife picked up where he left off that bitch. Now was the boss born to run for US Senate? Have you heard about this? No, are you kidding? No, I'm not kidding. I wish I only wish that I was kidding. Some in New Jersey put out the call for Senator Springsteen. And I was the idea, but he sure is how can't say, but maybe he can run the office. He can like a stir the political pot. Trenton, New Jersey, when in fact, if you want to, oh, you ever smell Trenton, New Jersey? No, thank goodness. On the day of your worst diarrhea that you ever had in your life, on the day of the worst in intestinal problems you've ever had, nothing ever smelled like Trenton, New Jersey. Except maybe Newark. A group of New Jersey political activists fed up of the usual crop of political candidates announced to plan this Tuesday to draft Rockstar Bruce Springsteen to run for the US Senate as a true representative of the state. I think he's perfect for Jersey. He sucks just like that state. With guidance from Doug Friedeline, a former 98 campaign aide to heavyweight wrestler chairman of so a governor, Jesse Ventura, the group called Independence for New Jersey launched to signature drive to put springsteen on a general election ballot. They need only 800 signatures, but there's a big problem. Nobody's talked to the boss about the idea, the boss. Friedeline was not discouraged. It took us seven months to get Jesse Ventura to run. He said, if Bruce Springsteen has strings fee-espliened through his hand, the ring made a real serious run at this, I think you'd see thousands of volunteers coming out from all over the place. Yeah, he sure inspires me. Political analysts at the announcement was, unless a grassroots groundsweller support for Springsteen as native son that was in a temp five interest supporters to set up a third party in New Jersey. The state Senate race currently features Democratic Robert Torres Selling and three Republican candidates, multimedia nervous man Doug Forster and state senators, Diane Ellen and John Mathison, who off-face each other in a June 4 primary. Springsteen known as the boss among rock fans and known as somebody who couldn't sing as well out of a paper sack, among those who got any taste in music. What offer number of advantages is a political candidate including name recognition and popularity among young voters, right? Springsteen who songs often celebrate the blue collar skirt of his youth in freehold New Jersey, humble one of the most crooked race tracks in the history mankind, now lives in the upscale community of rumsoner than northern end of the Jersey Shore. The committee tried to reach him long ago as December, but so far they've heard nothing. Ever been to freehold raceway? Of course not. I have an either as a matter of fact that's one of the few harness tracks in America that I've never been to and I'm really glad. Maybe that's why I still have a few bucks. Freehold raceway. How's survey Filiando and how? Call of Jackie Lee, maybe he'll tell us. 26 past known as 560 WQA when you shop for quality footwear, selection and professional service are always mighty important, but by the way speaking of forward you pass along the information I told yesterday? No, I couldn't find him. I'll find him today. Okay, thank you. Don't worry. Like I said when you shop for quality footwear, select and professional service are mighty important, but the bottom line is price, dollars and cents. At brandy shoes, you'll always find the biggest select events of women shoes anywhere in town, the best service in South Florida and the best prices period. Top quality names we're talking about. Like rock ports, SAS, Spirits, Timberland, Naturalizer and Lotsmore. Whether you mongus amazing selection in this mega store, you're probably never going to hear anybody say to you, sorry Mr. or man, we don't have that style in your size because they've got a humongous selection. Deep, it's really deep. Find out why most of the brandy's customer number keep coming back. But usually, stock up on several pair on each visit. Brandy's is open every day, 9 to 9 Sundays, 10 to 5, and you'll be finding them in the same great location to be in for a couponsage. You'll find brandy shoes at 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach and don't forget all this week, $10 off on our Women's Naturalizer shoes. Currently, wrap your hands on around your knee. Then pull up and down, pull up and down and turn that knee. Keep the keyboard cover so it won't splash. And the club, and the two, I met up to lap now. You could be just like the cheese. And a whole plant security. And a whole plant down, firmly do some your air boys. All the borders and the shipping courts of course. Before you get around, do it all down your shoulders and pull them around. Pull them around and turn the board. Get yourself a nice set of blowpens. As the time doodling, it turned as now. You're in charge, just like the cheese. And a whole plant security. Well, 31. At 5.60 WQAM. 63 for all in the family, Simpson's 55. It's still pretty close. It's tight. Speaking of tight, players base boss tracking evidence says the AP. What a joke. Haven't I been trying to tell people this, but they don't want to listen to me because they've got nothing else to talk about. Haven't I been trying for weeks to tell people this? With no labor agreement inside some baseball players, they get as inevitable that the union will set a strike date for August. And you know what everybody in the free world is going to say to baseball when they do that? Bye bye bye. You got it. Bye bye. Even those who haven't done it already. And some of those who are on a borderline. That's really the only thing we can do. Put your Mike Stan, the Yankees player representative said today. Or yesterday, it's not a situation where we have a lot of options. Right. The union officials told players agents that meeting on New York on Tuesday that the staff is considering if and when the set a strike date to wage an idea today, speaking of course on the condition of anonymity. Union head Donald Fierre, who says the only thing we have to fear is him. Who told players during spring training to prepare for missing their last two or three paychecks, is the whole similar meeting with West Coast agents in Los Angeles today. For now, the union is trying to play down the possibility of a workstoppage, which would be baseball's ninth since 1972. In executive board is not yet considered whether the set of strike date Fierre said, we hope not that to do so. The consideration of a strike date first reported yesterday by the New York Times is of little surprise. Players are unhappy that owners in an effort to slow payroll growth and propose a 50% luxury tax on the portions of payrolls above 98 million dollars. Management also lingered players by asking to increase the percentage of locally generated revenue that teams must share from 20 to 50% after the reduction for ballpark expenses. Players have promised that though the world through the world series, there will not attempt to clear an impassant talks and implement their proposals. The union fears management will do so immediately after the postseason in an effort to slow salaries for 2003. For them to rattle their strike date as strike date cages frankly disappointing, and in my view on counterproductive said Bob DePuy, baseball chief operating officer, we didn't put proposals on the table that were designed to provoke a workstoppage. There is no salary cap. There is no rebate or exercise tax like the other leagues have. We put proposals on the table that were designed to allow bargaining to win agreement, so with disappointing when the other side decides to threaten a workstoppage, which is certainly not their only option. In the view of management commissioner, Bob DePuy is already made a concession by saying owners wouldn't lock out players or implement its proposals during the season. The union views that pledge is meaning little since 2002 salaries already have been determined when seedling made that pledge March 26. We bargained last time for the ability to affect 2002, and we chose not to exercise our bargaining rights our leverage to poise it, we're going to continue to lose enormous sums. Owners claim $232 million in operating losses last year on revenue of $3.5 billion, players are suspicious, but they haven't challenged the figures at bargaining sessions management lawyer say. In 1993 the last season before the 232 days strike that wiped out the world series for the first time in 90 years, baseball revenue was $1.87 billion, the average salary has doubled from $1.17 million at the time of the strike to $2.38 million this season. Not like that. Every year the owners cried poverty and look at the industry and almost double financially Cleveland and the entire Reptiles, Negi said, talks for an agreement to replace the one of the expiry to member 7 of the beginning of January, but the sides have had only sporadic meanings. What's frustrating is we've had this whole year, and we can't sit down at the table and come up with remedies, said Texas Rangers Alex Rodriguez was only making 25 million a year. Unfortunately a work starboard or some sort of strike is the thing that's going to make us come together in the night and come up with remedies. Oh, God. Don't you feel sorry for all these people? No. I do. I'm weeping. Here's a punk that's making $25 million for playing baseball and putting a jox wrap on and patting his buddies on a butt in the shower after the game. And he's talking about labor negotiations. Most of these guys should kiss the goddamn ground that they're making anything. Maybe as newspolis found that confidence in the Catholic church leaders as a result of their handling of church-sexy abuse scandals has fallen. Not a surprise to you? I'm shocked. And most believe the Cardinal Bernard Larrg, Bishop of Boston, should step down from office. Absolutely correct. Even as deposition's began in a civil case against the Boston Arts Dices for what's handling of charges of sexual abuse of mine is by priest. The public's opinion of the worry Catholic Church of the way Catholic Church leaders have handed charges of sex abuse by priest has continued to decline. Now only one in about 10 Americans and just 14% of Catholics think church leaders have done a good job. Two weeks ago, positive assessments while low were about twice as high. The number of Americans who think US leaders of the Catholic Church are doing a poor job is now 83% compared to 61% of thought that about two weeks ago. Catholics are becoming increasingly critical of their church leaders as well. Nearly 8 and 10 which sounds like 80% to me. Think church leaders have done a poor job handling the charges of sexual abuse by priest. This numbers up from 62% of felt that way just two weeks ago are you following the changes in these numbers? Sure I'm charting them. Yeah. Two weeks ago, poor Joe, I mean, we'll have to go through them again. It's like a gigantic snowball and it's going down a huge snow bank man and it's growing like topsy. Seven, let's see. Some of that drop in a wide away from church leaders may be due to the almost universal negative assessment of Cardinal Bernard Larrg and his deposition in the Massachusetts Civil Case. Cardinal Larrg's Bishop of Boston began his deposition last week in the civil case against the archdiocese about their response to charges as a sex abuse by priest. 79% of Americans do not believe Cardinal Larrg's telling everything he knows about the situations involving a priest in his diocese, sexually bruising children and teenagers. Only 5% say he's telling all he knows. Most Catholics also think the Cardinal is not telling what he knows. 75% of Catholics. And they asked to Cardinal Larrg resign. Of all respond, and 64% said yes, 19% said no, and of Catholics again, 64% said yes, but 24% said no. But 60% of everybody said, yeah, when and out, kick them out. And it should be a lot higher than that, by the way. Yes. But you're going to have to bring lost people out there because somebody puts on a smock or a frock or anything. Just like a fire talk, look at him. New come or poised to become Dutch Prime Minister. This is poor Hans. I hope Hans is listening today. A political newcomer was poised to become Prime Minister after a dramatic shift to the right elections yesterday that swamped the governing socialist after eight years of the home in Needle-On's Holland. The outcome was a severe defeat for Prime Minister Wimkok's liberal coalition that brought the Dutch study growth since 1994, but was punished for ignoring public concerns about drugs, immigration, welfare abuse, and lacks law enforcement. In the swing to the right, the upstart party of Slain Anna immigration populist Pim Fortune, Pim Fortune's list swept into the legislature with 26 seats a few months ago. The group didn't even exist. With 88.6% of the vote counted, Jan Peter Boccan and this Christian Democrats 143 seats again a 15 in the 150 member parliament. Boccan and 46-year-old Christian philosophy professor who took over the party just eight months ago, the clarity was ready to take on the responsibility of forming a government, citizens want a different kind of politics he be saying. The first governing socialist was seen plunging from 45 to 23 seats and his liberal allies from 38 to also to 23 court the results. Fortune was killed may 6 by a single gun and brought these issues to the forefront tapping into a groundswell of this content with Holland's ruling politicians and their tolerant policies. Fortune was killed after redoing your campaign radio interview he was 54, his murder shock this country of 16 million that is a stranger to political violence as long-predited itself on no ripple consensus politics. There's that no nipple the results proved fortunes party. Chris, per hour rather it should say approved whatever and their allies could marshal a comfortable parliamentary majority for right wing government. At the outset of the voting co-op told voters that is eight years at the helm brought them formidable growth in prosperity. He said the elections are about my legacy. Well, evidently they didn't like his legacy and he's small pathetic. How do you like that, huh? To wake us, they don't like them foreigners. I think that's what it boils down to George. Don't take it personally. Well I don't they don't like foreigners like you. I mean Miguel he was born in Chicago. I just mentioned these things in passing. 21 before one at 560 WQM Joe Rose will be a longer one a clock. If you're tired of hassles with your cell service, if you're tired of that $50 a month plan that you thought you purchased nimb winding up cost you hundreds of dollars a month instead of 50 and get on the team with team cell tech. At cell tech communications you're authorized next to help our presented it. For over 25 years cell tech's been providing cell photo with the best service and they take the hassle away from dealing with the cellular company, not to mention the expense. Right now next I'll share rewards plan allows you to share 4,000 monthly minutes with free incoming calls for only 54.99. Cell tech's got a great selection of other plans to no matter what your budget, with most including free incoming calls nationwide long distance, free caller ID, free voice mail, and next I'll unique direct connect to a radio feature too. So whether it's one or a thousand phones or resilient, take it from me in our very on starting quarterback J. Feetler, the spokesman, cell tech communications you're authorized next to our presented is the only smart way to go. Call 1-800 cell tech to today and get connected that's 1-800 CELTEC and the number 2. Cell tech communications keeping us... have bias to tadyrone, okay? Just 1-1' Would you have on my back- Right home! Y'all there I'm clear Make me feel fine Would you invade my morning light?! Would you tremble? If I touch your lips, would you love? If I hurt your lips, in my mind just stay If I do the thing I love, I'll be waiting for my order tonight If those who just like a zero-fading Oh, I know I'm a huge big, so big If I be easy, you're on deep-fading You could find the K&Y If I dance, would you unlock all my thoughts? Yeah, would you play if I held my pot of high? Oh, darling, please make me feel fine And just to be my goal tonight Oh, please make me feel fine Rectom tonight Yeah, he's something else that I'm making out today The 12.45 at 5.60 WQM Speaking of the mob, what is the most day on these stories? Right? I've always got some good mob stories for you every day We love the mob stories Mobinforcer says FBI agent Ward mobsters of Pentagon statements What I'd tell you about the FBI, huh? It's enough to make you scream, enough to make you want to craft your pants And that's your tax money by the way, our tax dollars, how to work again Supporting the FBI A confessed mobinforcer testified yesterday that a former FBI agent threw him Tip three alleged gangsters that indictments against them were imminent prompting two of them to flee Kevin Weeks, yeah, I thought he was a golly for Carolina, I was speaking to Carolina, I forgot about that game tonight I keep trying to put it off, I keep trying to pretend that like that game against Ottawa The United States was the end of it, should have been, that's it We're happy we're ecstatic, we won, that's it, enough already Kevin Weeks, not the dark-complexed goal tend to for Carolina along with Artur Zurbe Kevin Weeks testified in the Federal Recaturing Travel Retired FBI agent John Conley, Jr The Conley visited him at the South Boston liquor store where he was where he worked the past on the warning Conley was the FBI handler from mob informants James W. E. Bulger and Stephen the rifleman Fleme He's played an innocent Iraq-attiring obstructive justice and conspiracy charges, Weeks said on December 23, 1994 that he and Conley spoke in liquor stores walk in cooler, which they knew could not be easily bugged Conley said indictments for Bulger Fleme and Mafia boss, Frank Pete, Cadillac, Frank Salemi were being prepared over the Christmas holiday Weeks decided to subscribe right-hand man of Bulger testified that he contacted Bulger immediately and Bulger promptly fled Bulger's been on the run ever since and is on the FBI's most wanted list Weeks said he called Fleme but Fleme didn't believe him because he said his source within the state police Lieutenant virtue Chatteran hadn't said anything He was insistent that his guy was on top of it Weeks said Then this sound like that scene from the godfather and all like we have people who's paper people on the payroll Yeah, they like a story like that Yeah, they just might Fleme used to rest in January 5, 1995 last year Fleme struck a deal with federal prosecutors The settle three charges against him is waiting trial for his leg roll in 10 murders Shiner, what is his name Schneiderhand was pleaded innocent as a waiting trial on corruption charges Salemi, or is that the Salani? See you got all hockey names along me On the right, I forgot about him By the way, Colorado won one-nothing last night, what a shame Peter Forrestberg and see there's the leason in reverse Police get everybody injured, they still win and Colorado gets Forrestberg back and that's the only reason they win Without him they'd have been long gone Patrick Frog and all Salemi fled but was kept in Florida, August of 95 and a serving in 11 year prison since after pleading guilty to various charges including bribery and extortion Connolly 61 is accused of taking bribs and tipping vulgar and flummy about the indictments He's also accused of giving the period for me to about other FBI informants who were later killed Hmm, Connolly nize any wrongdoing he said he was just doing his job to know the extent of the gangsters crimes Weeks said he was testifying under a plea deal And which prosecutes have agreed to recommend a sentence of between five and 15 years in prison On Tuesday we already had this on Tuesday week testified about his role in the slang of Brian Haloron Prosecutor say how to him was killed after Connolly told Berger and Fleme that Haloron had implicated them in the murder of businessman Robert Roger Wheeler Burger and Fleme were the leaders of winter hill gang and Irish crime syndicate that ran gambling loan sharking other rackets in the Boston area Oh, I tell you that Boston area sure got some problems, you know what? As much as a beautiful city it is with a lot of living and breathing people and institutions of higher learning and lower learning all of these things pretty crappy radio though, but nevertheless It's by all of those things They got a lot of problems Child abusing priests, crooked arch bishops, mafia, see running wild a lot of good attention restaurants on the north end Can't believe you've never been in Boston. Sorry one day Hey, let's take up a fund okay, we're gonna send Joe to Chicago I think that's what was gonna be in George the Boston all right, and we're gonna send Miguel to Cardinus To visit alien Don't see if things that would be that would be just a beautiful thing can you imagine if I'll say you were going What the fuck I'm a big big suitcase full of food. Yeah, to make sure that alien gets his happy meal every day You can pack up a whole bunch of that anyway That's what I'm trying to domesticize try to sell all you people out there is get on a plane or on a bus or on a train and go somewhere Okay, get out of that God forsaken place go somewhere find out what real life is all about because trust me when I tell you paradise or not that ain't it I wonder how much longer he's gonna be saying that, you know, my good close personal friend the moment I'm mole myster. I know he's a you know, he's trying to like a blue sky and all of that But boy wait till it gets to be like a but the second we can August when it's been 120 degrees in the shade every day for like two and a half few months Hey speaking of that speaking of schmitts in your brains out how about cooling off with some great champion lights on's good day. That's right Because man the other sports rings out there don't even come close. They don't hold a candle to champion life because they're full of crap Champion lights got nothing in there but good stuff like all the electrolytes you need after workout all the other sports rings Whether it's gay to rate all the others forget about them their pass-a because they're loaded with sugar and they're for with calories and carbohydrates and all kinds of crap Some of them have stuff that'll make you sit on it and be a squad or all day not champion light. It's got no carbs No caffeine no calories no sugar. No nothing but great taste in fact now. It's available in six the different delicious flavors and believe me if you try it like a few months ago You're gonna like it even better now because the flavors are all like juice up like the mad dog. They're juice up right now You got orange lemon lime grape fruit punch and the new flavors lemonade and blue raspberry and they are delicious In fact when I get back from vacation I expect it to be cases and cases I expect it to be a shmit load a champion light weight in for me Don't you think as your hope so anyway don't forget you can sample the all new champion light flavors this Saturday for free and You can join dolphins quote about J.Fee and in fact walk up from behind would you just like you know do the thing with the zeros you know You know I'm talking about lick them Just no not fucking like wiggle his ears a little bit see if you get a reaction anyway join J.Fee the dolphin quarterback and spokesman for champion light at the new Walmart this Saturday 3801 turtle quick grab and cross brings 10 30 in a morning till 2 in the afternoon and he'll let you have a try of it and champion light as well Or if you want to find the story nearest you that carries it if you actually want to spend some money and buy it, which is a damn smart idea check out champion light I More and He's got a big heart on Princess after long a rabbit dress you're a gunning on his honey tower Oh You Roughly 70 560 W Q AM Governor jab bush. This is in the category of better late than never Governor jab bush signability has to be making a felony for state workers to falsify records even punishable by more severe uponishments than throwing a spitball in class The measure passed ice weak and a special legislative session comes in a wake of accusations that a child welfare case worker Falls the claim to be keeping up with that little girl who vanished in Miami. This is from the Harold by the way It says the girl five year old radio Wilson who was missing for 15 months and nobody noticed is she not missing anymore. No, she still missing. I know that but what is it say that anyway? I see now they noticed I guess that's okay The Department of Children and Families believe the caretaker had custody the girl, but the caretaker Gerald and Graham with their 85 different identities claim someone who identified herself as a DCF or her picture up 60 months ago for an evaluation DCF reported really a missing April 25 We must ensure that what happened to where it never happens again any child bush said and look at his kids man if they know grow up like them right then we'll be okay The department says case worker Deborah muskelli fired false reports of monthly visits with the child while her supervisor Willy Harris failed to review the case Both resound and