I fucking thought! Alright, uh welcome back to the dazzling B spectacle of the Moha in a big hit in the show. Where I work very, very hard at it. The provide use with intellectuals, what whole amusement is this? BAAAAAAA! Yeah, that's the actual good donut, don't go! Go! This is the big thing when I dropped the bomb. Oh boy, here comes the bomb! Now, eh, eh, it's my understanding that those models homies down the old, don't know who I am, see? They think they got me lit. Well, they did get you ready to touch a mouth! Go! Look at how to do now, don't you? Get your ass! Here you go, this is... Which boat? Any other? Now kiss it! OK. Alright, now, where was we? It's dropping the bomb! Dad! Oh yeah, well, actually I got two bombs, you see? Yeah! Because I like the golem, little boy and big boy. Just like the bomb, that might have all the moped and slopes. Those bombs think they got one over on me? Why else show them? Alright, here's the foist one. As a tween's out, George ain't the only lover named George at this square hour, or we know? No, he hasn't offended him, guys named George. Oh! Sure, and when he hit his, now I got this from a highly trusted source. Give me some fanfare here, stupidity. Our midday, baguette friend had intimate affair with George, my habits and George made her. Yeah? Well, that's it, that's the bomb. You, you're so goddamn stupid, you know that. You ain't heard nothing yet, now, here's the big boy. It just so happens, how it's done is a very close and plaiting loop in the mind. Yeah. Why, certainly, he's even got his paws securing good mods for me, like that Heather brought on Fox News. Wow, really? Hey, let me tell you, she gave me full sails. I've waxed on the balls, they're white. So what about how it bow? How it bow? How it bow? Don't do nothing, call me that. Ha ha ha! Anyway, I'm a favorite for me. Use this stuff, and having his team of a cracked suit, right? It's ripped that crap out of that pipe smoker down there with that rolling comedic style. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I guess we're right here. I just think I think started. Roll it. New rod, cheers and choice, heart is big, and the queer, the stick, and the queer, the stick, and the queer, lesbian, but China's and the female misoggy, the size of the penis size and balls and the flesh. The penis size and balls and the flesh. The flesh, the blood, the stick, and the queer, the lesbian, the eye and the penis size and the body, huh? Ha ha ha! That ought to pick there, is. Yeah! Isn't you, kiss me as a bonus, my ass? That's right. I'm moved up back, I don't want it. That's better. Is your bonus your dumb bastards? No! 904-560WQA and happy Wednesday, too. It's our big, you're Wednesday, noon to one hour today, by the way, I'll comedy bits of noon to one. I wonder what the theme is going to be on those, you think. So now, Eric, Eric, Carlos, whatever your name is, where did you finally find this story that we had a scour for on the internet? On the KUGN website. Ha ha ha ha ha! Yeah. This was the topic on most of the morning show this morning with Mo and squeaky. And it's all over the internet, it's all over, it's a big story, it's not a big story, this story is about a tiny, it's about the size of my penis, like a thumbnail. KUGN radio controversy, KUGN radio is the voice of the ducks, but some university of organ students want that to change. KUGN is also home to nationally-savicated talks shows, show some students, say often include offensively and racist opinions, they say that's not the voice of their ducks, now they want you to vote a cut ties with KUGN. The EM station pays big bucks about a million dollars used or exclusively broadcast you of Osporting events, including Duck Football. Problem is they also broadcast nationally-s syndicated shows including shows from radio personalities, Michael Medved and Michael Savage. Show students say to contain remarks that are offensive, and the thrust of this is the filling of a couple of sentences, but it's so termally boring. The thrust of it is, should the university like this associated self in this radio station because there are some people don't like to remarks of some of the host on here, and that was the topic of the entire show this morning, at least the parts that I heard, including Crazy Wander was on there, that only he got denounced out of the woodwork, but even Crazy Wander's on there, he wanted to run a sweet, our call-up-duff, he has heard from you in a while. He that was hearing from you. Huh? That rhymed. Wander were on to you. And maybe superficial lot is up, but I doubt he's on the west coast, at freerepublic.com. We got freaked again yesterday. Let's hear it. Oh yeah, our website got freaked, and the best part of the whole deal is that the right wingers out there still couldn't put their a CNN over the top. What a shame. It's just amazing to me how many people out there have no lives, you know? This is their hobby. This is their life. The west side is freerepublic.com, and about yesterday afternoon, about 3.30, I just luckily, I guess, doing a break in guiding light, whatever. Come on, Wander, and then here I take a look at the website to see how the pull is coming along, and all of a sudden, all these votes come pouring in. And I said, ah oh, something's on this. And sure enough, I looked up freerepublic.com, since they're the one to treat us on a gun control pull. Now, free means they just get all of their, they busy chain, all their members, all their lifeless members, we have nothing better to do than hop on these meaningless pulls. This is just a little radio show, okay guys. It's just a meaningless pull. The world isn't going to change based on this. Nobody's going to stop watching Fox or start watching MSNBC or vice versa because of some pull that some guy took on a radio, okay? So, right now, just a couple of shades would be good. Which TV network stands for the news the most? Now, let me just tell you, at the first 769 votes in, I thank them for posting this on their website before they started Dick and were this. The first 769 Fox had 293, CNN 105, and down the list from there, okay? So in other words, it was almost 3 to 1. Then comes this horny attic from the mindless volume of calls pouring in. I'm coming into votes pouring in on a website. And they almost got it even Steven, but even some of their own members, I know this in reading some emails on our freerepublic.com, We're passing notes back and forth about why you know, don't you understand Fox's the most light of just because we agree with it doesn't mean that we can't say that because that's the question. And for you, dumbbows out there who don't understand, they're saying they're whining and crying, but you know, we are conservative. We got to choose between seven other choices, but the liberals only have one to go for. Don't understand, we listed all of the networks on here. The cable news networks and the over the year, new and news networks, they're all on there. Every one of them. So the final telly is Fox pulled away in spite of being freaked by FURAPOPER.com and surfisherlaught who's the one who discovered the poll at 1221pm a Pacific time yesterday afternoon. Fox 521 CNN 395 of which about 200 votes were bogus, all are in 304, CBS 221, ABC 101, NBC 95, MSNBC 37, number 17, 1691 votes. Oh man, are we getting to be popular or what? But getting back to this business about the radio controversy of KUGN and the ducks, which I noticed, was trying to tie in the heracruans with that whole business and about how offensive I see Wanda, this Wanda broad. When you take things out of context, just like my comments, and just like the colors, when you take them out of context, to some unsuspecting people out there that might think, oh well, she's got a really good point, except for the fact that this is a crazy person. Who's been calling us for how many years now? 180s and in times a day, call the program director, call me a general manager, call everybody. And not just about racial things, she calls about if I'm talking about a subject she doesn't like, she calls Georgian, bitching and screaming about what is he talking about hacky for changing the station. Yeah, I'm running the radio off. Right, all day off, and she calls everybody. So between her and Dennis and the other chronics, these are the people coming out to join in the back door attack on this radio program. When the other numbers came out yesterday, and you just not cut me pretty weak, drop it down again and men. We went up a little bit and still with that argument, September and near from the marginal summer broke from that week summer broke George. Sorry, but at any rate, but we came back up, in fact, it was the only day part of the station and men that came up from a 6-0 to a 6-2 and still number one by pretty good margin. But the morning drop from a 4.0 to a 3.7 and a 18 plus, a precipitous drop, oh not a big drop, but just not the number that we're looking for. Most of you concentrate more on talking about the things you're supposed to be talking about as opposed to worrying about it. My talking about the same thing today I talked about yesterday and pop up pop up pop up. See, I really thought for the last few days he was mulling out a little bit, didn't you? That's what we thought. I thought he was coming around with that was going to join the human race and also join the WQA family. Talking about being a team player, join the family, get it, understand it. But bringing up this story and making it into a whole show this morning and then continuing, well, I'll give you a sample for example. A weather or not, a program on the air is objectionable, obviously something they knew before they came here. I didn't say that. I said if they chose to look for somebody else, I have a right. But Neil Rogers material is sometimes abetable. He is very funny, but he is also a racist. And if people are in your station who is excusing by saying that's just his stick, it's not stick. There's nothing funny about her, it's nothing funny about ephonics, things. He is not f**king a- Wait a minute, wait a minute, Eddie, Eddie, Eddie, Eddie, wait a minute, now let me just pause this. This is actually mull coming to my defense momentarily, only momentarily. I'm a casino in defense, ginger, but I'm gonna tell you this. If you first you say he's funny, then you say he's a Jackson about it. Which is it? I said some of his material. Oh okay, he is very funny. Okay, I appreciate the call. He's so poor, but he was not racist. No, I appreciate the call, but we get in the point now. I'm talking about whether or not a university is gonna have that kind of an impact on the local marketplace like it is in Eugene, Oregon, Dan on the mobile. Okay, Dan. So there was just a little tiny sample, but the thrust of any of the calls was coming back to this whole concept. That certain people are trying to promote that this is a racist show. Didn't I say on the air several weeks ago, I'm a racist, but only in the sense that all people are racist to some degree? That's what you said. All people are racist to some degree, but this is not a racist video program, and it's also like I said yesterday, not a program you come in in midstream and all of a sudden you're an expert on what I'm all about with a show is all about what our comedy materials all about. And if the university of Miami, which by the way, who the hell would want to take their deal? In order to have the honor of carrying her cool football, which we do on his radio station, we also when they made that deal. Greg Reid made one of one of his great deals. Had to agree to carry the baseball games, which is much as I enjoy doing years ago, nobody listens to him. The basketball games, which nobody even goes to them, so we got to carry all of those games. And believe you may, there are no ratings for the university of Miami, even for the football. They never have been back in I would either aren't on this radio station. It probably makes a money on it because they, you know, they managed to sell everything, except the goddamn Josh grabs. And if the university of Miami were to say that would say haven't to the best of my knowledge and I don't think they're going to. Oh, we want that near Rogers off because he's being guys of bad guy. Or else we're going to take our good zones for even, of course, the station pays them a crap load of money for the rights. You know what we can say to the university of Miami? That's exactly what they'd say. Because this show makes this radio station a crap load of money. See, this is a business mole. I know that comes as a great shock to you. It's a business. And a lot of the sports stuff in fact wasn't a George Beasley said just a couple of weeks ago. That we find to got the Albert Cross from around our next with that ridiculous Marlins contract and now QM can actually make some money. Yeah, that's why even he said that, the headhonshow, the big cheese. So all you sports nerds out there who think that that's what this radio station would have bread and butter is the driving force. Guess what? Guess again. The dolphins, yes, the Huracunes know. And that word that evolved out of something years ago, which Jimmy Johnson and the, uh, the gangster teams. And it's stuck. I continue using that word and I'm not going to stop you, isn't that term? Okay, I think that it sums up the mentality of the football program perfectly. And those people who followed with those front running phones were used to have like 15, 16,000 people in the orange bull when they had their crappy teams. And even now when they're playing one of their lesser likes, one of the girl schools they play, they can't pack that place. It's a far-running phony thing and always has been. So moe, just what we thought you were doing in the human race. You're really disappointed. 913 at 560 WQM thanks, given's coming in just a matter of days now. Everyone's going to be flocking home to be together again. Gathered around the table with delicious homemade food and family traditions. After all, it's not the turkey that makes the meal special. It's the people. Getting ready for the hungry guests can be stressful, especially if they're staying overnight. If you're having a house full for Thanksgiving, let the animatres make your holiday preparations a little bit easier. Now's the time to call 1-800-MAPRISN get that new map for Cindy for house guests to arrive. If they've already told you they're coming or if you don't hear from them until the night before, the animatres can deliver to you a top quality Seagully, service, similar to King Crore, the very same day. I've been sleeping on one of the dollar mattress for things for years and let me tell you, I get a great night sleep with it every night. So call the animatres right now at 1-800-MAPRISN talk turkey with a vetting consultant who's been the very best mattresses at even better prices. Rest easy this Thanksgiving knowing that everybody's sleeping like a child. So give it away for the holidays now by calling 1-800-MAPRISN 1-800-MATT-T-RES for dollar mattress and be sure to tell that old meal and fat boy, told you to call or fat meal and old boy. Brand name bed same day's service call and now be sleeping like a baby tonight. Yeah, what is this child? Which one? Jack O'Latwell will get back to more in a minute. Did we talk about him yesterday by the way since he's always saying that at the end of the show when he does recognize the fact that this show exists? Oh, are we talking about the same thing today as we talked about yesterday and lastly, are we didn't mention it once yesterday, so maybe he was upset about that. But before we get back to Mo and I will believe me because today was the turning point. Today was the demarcation point of which I draw the line on the sand. How many chances do you give somebody? How many times do you kind of like ease away and say, okay, let's have like a little true, sir. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, and they just can't control themselves because his main goal I guess is to prove to the world that this is a racist show that I'm an evil person and this show should not be on this radio station. Or in other words, I guess what he really is wanted to say, oh, you don't have the balls to come right out and say it. There is no room on WQM for more Howard David any or I just in the same station. Which is amazing to me because he and I are to the fat as people in the building. But there's not room is what I guess he's trying to say without really coming out and saying it. Does it sound like that to you? Sounds like it. And for this business about how well this is a big story was all over the internet. It took between Carlos and Georgina and of course not getting much cooperation from Robert the creeper in there or any of those people. It took us 45 minutes to finally locate the little tiny blurb on the KUG and radio website, which is the fact shift station of the University of Oregon mighty ducks or not so mighty ducks. How do you like that? Little blurb. How would you describe that story? Is that it looks like a major story to you know? I don't have to thought. It's like a little tiny blurb. I look on every major newspaper, every minor newspaper, anything couldn't find it. I mean, where's all this internet hubbub about this? Like it's such a big big controversy. Anyway, Jacko went back all yesterday. Now this, I mean, what is there to say about him? As he flashed a maniacal grin and dangled his eight month old son by one arm over the rating of a fifth or balcony in Berlin, this is in today's New York Post-Dear version of it. For several terrifying seconds as a big crowd of fans looked on, the glove won appear to be in danger of letting the infant plunge 70 feet. He was dangling it. German authorities have launched a pro bono-be-sickening act while Jacko is pal-the-spoon-bending psychic Yuri Geller. He said he'll confront the entertainment to ask Michael but have you done? Last night Jackson issued a written statement saying he'd made a terrible mistake. I got cut up in the excitement of the moment he said I would never intentionally endanger the lives of my children. Right. The seconding stunt occurred as Jacko and Berlin with his three kids to accept a lifetime achievement award, walked down to the balcony of the posh presidential suite at the Alden Hotel to waive to his fans. In his right arm was a youngest child Prince Michael Lutth, who were a baby blue jumper with a white towel around to say the hideous face from photographers. As probably he'll not have to see the nose. As fans watched in a horror the weirdo pops up to a hutsmile and explically dangled the unstrickened real and swayed him back and forth like a prize. The freaked out top began to squirming kick his feet and appeared as though Jacko was losing his grip. Literally and figuratively. Onlookers gasped as Jacko's grunt turned to a look of terror as he realized what might happen, but instead of taking his free left hand to help secure the baby he used instead to make sure the towel didn't slip off the boy's face. Jacko finally managed to yank the kicking baby back to safety then screwed inside and passed him to a nanny. I can only think it's his brains not as know that he's the most treatment said juda Schmidt, a cleaning lady who witnessed the taught horror she walked home for more. Jackson also browners over children to the window with the child's face also covered by a white cloth. Yeah. How do you like that? And you know what it looks like to me? What? Another desperate publicity stunt like everything else he does. This Brit. Here's our pool day before we get back to the matters of hand. Tiger Woods by the way says his views are unchanged about the playing of Augusta, but he still thinks women ought to be members. Oh geez. How about if somebody under radio station is sexist and is anti-women? Anti-women's rights. See I think that if certain people on the station I want to mention no namesmo, but if some people worried more about goose and up their ratings and doing a more entertaining show and not trying to control what's on his program or try to misinterpret what's on his program or misrepresented and suggest that the person who follows you as an evil guy who's erases the nanny and guy and do interrible stuff under the guys of stick instead of that same old crap which we are all the time. Do your thing whatever it is whatever your thing is do it. That's my suggestion. Of course I'm not you know who might speak. Here's our pool today which group has made the most progress in the west and the past hundred years and I was inspired for this pool by the whole business about women being excluded from Augusta. That call yesterday I still can't get that out of my mind. That punk that calls into tells me. Yeah, but you know they can do whatever they want because this is the longest continuous of golf tournament in the US played in the same place. The, wow. If I would only know that. Right. I might have altered my opinion you know it and they were burning witches for thousands of years. Right. And they've had slavery for thousands of years. That's a long cherished tradition. Right. Which group has made the most progress in the west and the past hundred years. Blacks, women, Jews, jays, Hispanics or Catholics had put the Catholic on her for, or for Dennis's benefit. You'll feel left out. Huh? How about the Irish? Come on. Alright. Now with the Irish. Oh, see there he goes. He's a bad guy. Yeah. And can't stop can't control himself. Let me say it again. The people who listen to this show they get it. They understand it. We've had no. Until somebody came down to pipe came along the way and started like trying to stir up our craft. Because if his is bad ego and his bad hairpiece and bad. We didn't have any problem University of Miami. No. With the dolphins? Oh. With the amarlins? No. I'm not going to keep her explaining the reason I use certain words on his shoving. Do it for years because when you decide to do it for the first time, you'll see. I'm going to do it for the first time. I'm going to do it for the first time. I'm going to do it for the first time. I'm going to do it for the first time. I'm going to do it for the first time. I'm going to do it for the first time. I'm going to do it for the first time. I'm going to do it for the first time. I'm going to do it for the first time. I'm going to do it for the first time. I'm going to do it for the first time. I'm going to do it for the first time. I'm going to do it for the first time. I'm going to do it for the first time. I'm going to do it for the first time. I'm going to do it for the first time. I'm going to do it for the first time. I'm going to do it for the first time. I'm going to do it for the first time. I'm going to do it for the first time. I'm going to do it for the first time. I'm going to do it for the first time. I'm going to do it for the first time. I'm going to do it for the first time. I'm going to do it for the first time. I'm going to do it for the first time. I'm going to do it for the first time. I'm going to do it for the first time. I'm going to do it for the first time. I'm going to do it for the first time. I'm going to do it for the first time. I'm going to do it for the first time. I'm going to do it for the first time. I'm going to do it for the first time. I'm going to do it for the first time. I'm going to do it for the first time. I'm going to do it for the first time. I'm going to do it for the first time. I'm going to do it for the first time. The Brown Times has something to do for me. The Brown Times has something you can all like. County bastards do it for the governor. Our obvious finding is it is very funny. We got a large black audience out there. I heard them but the gift from infstrong on the show. The other shows call here. issues of black people in America or gay people in America, any other minority that's a crap done, you gotta have a sense of humor to survive to keep going. I don't have anybody complaining, I use the word, Faggot. Ah, that's acceptable. You can be homophobic in our net. That's why we hear like pipe smoker and just guys learn all that stuff on a morning show. I want to say Faggot though. Oh, well, he says it off the earth enough. That's the report that we're getting and spicked, but he won't say that on the area. Yeah, gravel oven spick. So more, if you really, uh, you had the opportunity, we gave you that one last opportunity to come back and join us in a human race and join us on this radio station and you refuse to do it. You just can't do it. You can't control yourself. Because you got a big fat bug up your ass or whatever the problem is. So at this point, I'm the gloves are off. Okay. I'm not holding back. I'm gonna give my opinions. I'm gonna do the Neo Rodgers show and let it be damned. Okay. Let the chips fall where they made the couch chips. Let the herpes fall where it might. Jesus Christ. Exactly. Oh, see now, if he says it, it's okay. If I say it then, it's then I'm a bad guy. I'm blasphemien Lord. You know, you, you, you, what a bunch of ass suckers. Those colors are, you know. Evan, I always told you that. Yeah. Whoever they're talking to at the moment, oh, well, I don't mean you whoever they're talking to, but so and so like a bunch of little overgrown children, you know. Very sad. Well, we'll take a bunch of calls today and see how the audience will kind of move their in. 928 at 560WQM. Let's face you even here about fast rain for a long time. One of the different makes sense for you. Well, the facts are simple. If you have the dedication fast-trank and provide you with the necessary training to become a certified computer professional. According to Time Magazine, the demand for computer professionals will continue to explode. Their average student completes the training in just four short months, attending school three nights a week. Once you complete your certification, fast-trank will assist you in obtaining your new computer job. A fast-trank of I'd say to come in and visit our train career counselor and determine which track is ideal for you. Is it gallstrain? Is it poppin' or park? Is it high alia? Confastrain tool for you at 1-866 fast-trank to set up an appointment with four convenient locations. There is vow to be a fast-trank nearby you. There in Kendall, Miami, Pembroke, Pines, and Fort Lauderdale. Don't forget to ask the career counselor for us to students like yourself or currently in their dream jobs. Call fast-trained at 1-866 fast-trank. That's 1-866 fast-trained or check a lot of that wicked worldwide web at fast-trained.com. Holy cow, Erin's coming. Oh my God. Oh we're fine. I took your calls on e-monics. They say the future be right for me. Now I can't get snow job. Cause I don't got no literacy. As talking like a no big road, e-bonding thought they howledest way. Now I can't do nothing. But my heritage says that okay. Change my name to shoe-grown. I'm driving to Senacota in the Cadillac. I remember when I was dealing all the white men's cars hanging outside the building their bars, crying the blue without barbedee. But there was got snow job holding his hand. Oh the barn is completely fine. The change now. Ah, ah. Got to go in cell mode, raccoon king. raccoon king. raccoon king. raccoon king. raccoon king. raccoon king. raccoon king. raccoon king. Noting what a boring song. If I'm a snake, it's not funny. Got snuffling to do with literacy. Now I got to make more money. They've a pool sounds good to me. I got plenty of nothing. You've on a thing getting me anywhere. Maybe I'll mucking old white bitch. Steel a purse and full of hair. Then I gonna take some money. By a stereo and a fridge at that. I remember when I was dealing all the white men's cars hanging outside the building their bars, ran the blue without barbedee. But there was got snow job holding his hand. Oh the barn is completely fine. I got to go in cell mode, raccoon king. raccoon king. raccoon king. raccoon king. raccoon king. raccoon king. raccoon king. raccoon king. Now I want to call her mention that specifically this morning. Anybody offended by that? The audience let's find out. Are you offended? No. Even those people from repub-for-course they say it when it's right. Wingers who are under the threat of a boycott, et cetera. FreeRepublic.com. Well these are leftists who don't know how to turn the dial. I wish they'd practice what they preach you know. Free and knowing when you get people complaining who aren't even listening to your show. And they're just the people who don't hear the show don't know who you are, but just want to make a point. Just want to play a game. But what's much more annoying than that was people I was supposed to be working with on your own radio station, people who you share a time slot with from 6 to 10 a.m. a day part. Quargh just honeyating all over themselves to try to make it appear and we've got this racist bass to on there and we better do something about it. See if I'm in management I'm here in that kind of crap. I nipped that in a bud real fast. If I don't understand because it's bad for business it's bad business is what it is. I like how I've always said over these if you don't like it if you're offended turn it off. We'll survive. No no no no no no. Great. These are coming back up again now that the summer's over. Bye bye. Yeah if you don't like what does going on in the show we're not going to change it for Wanda or for any other one. Listen there out there for Dennis if you don't like what you're in and you can't handle it there's 8 million other choices. Bye bye. Have a great life we wish you all the best. All the best. 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's my any hello. John. Oh okay. Let's see that's our crowd. That's our audience. Eddie. That's the input we get from you folks on this show. 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Kendall. Hey I just don't credit for all this racial trouble you're having right now. I demand the credit. Dennis. Oh brother. Let me say it again. There's two out of two all you people are one of the cause back. There's Eddie who's doing the different stick now because you got tired of this is Eddie because it was two obvious. And then we got Dennis again. Dennis get yourself some help get yourself some professional help the only credit we're going to give you is being the number one chronic of all time. And believe me that covers a lot of territory over a lot of years. Absolutely unbelievable. How's that pull coming which group has made the most progress in the US in the past 20 years. Women 9, Juus 6, Blacks 5, Gaze 5, Catlix 1, Hispanic 0. I'm surprised at that. Why? Why not? You don't think Hispanic has made more progress than say blacks? I think we started off to find them. No we're not talking about Cubans so much because the kids are came over. Wait a minute. The people that came over from Cuba in 60 and they're about to early 60s. Those people had skills. They were trained doctors and lawyers. They were trained to educate the people. I'm not talking about that. Well, not about everybody thinks you're talking about. Okay. Well let's make that very clear. After I'm trying to leave you down the garden path. If you should just change the day. Dennis, what you just shut up a minute and I noticed this yesterday just calm down. Man, are you out of control? Pupp, pupp, pupp, pupp. We're going to put you on a hockey game with room ref. You don't shut up. Okay. Just relax. Man, wound up like an alarm clock. I'm trying to get to the important stuff here and you want to dwell on that spik stop. So Dennis was one of the chiggers in the wood pod. Well, that comes as no surprise to us. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hey, do I know? And he's still listening by the way. Great. It is amazing. I imagine it just keeps going. Go on and on and on. It's so bad for business and it's just poor taste. But I hear I really, I really thought that we were finally starting to like make a little accommodation in spite of all his efforts to try to get me off the earth. Whatever else I thought we were making a little progress. And I go all these polygainers asked what's in the background. I think he kind of stuck up for you at the end of the show. With that little pity was saying, you never know he might have something different on. Oh, yeah. That was really a tremendous look. I don't give a crap about that stuff. But I'm talking about when you're going out of your way to try to paint me into a corner as being something that I'm not and try to take things out of context and twist him into something that they're not. I don't, I'm not putting up with that crap anymore. All right. Anyway, closing. Well, I'm waiting for the任. 560505060 pound-560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a lady in dear field. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, my name. I'm calling about a store you did on Monday about a piece of human waste. We didn't have enough brain cells to do anything other than pick up a baseball bat and kill people. Yeah. Kind of said to right into that whole ubonics saying doesn't it? You know what comes in the mind? Two words. Four sterilizations. Hmm. Do we know anything about the race of the people involved in that? I don't know anything about it. No, there weren't any blacks involved in that story. I'm pretty sure what else she's talking about. Was that a Hispanic family? I'm pretty hurt. The F.A.S. I don't, I don't want to get it. Then see the picture. As if that makes a different wheel to me. See there you go. Now there's one of your sheet wearing a bitch's right there. Lady go away. We don't want your kind. Okay. We don't want anything to do with you. Just like the, it's the same thing as the bilingual thing. Back in those ugly, grotesque days. All those kind of people come out of the window. Also, you notice a woman again. There you go. Oh, man. Now, one of the guys in South Florida so screwed up. I've been seeing this for years. The kind of women for the most part. I'd say like 90% of women in South Florida are like that. Just like that. All they want to talk about is their hate and their bigotry. And a or something, I'm starting to change my mind about Augusta. I'm starting to change my mind after that. No, I'm serious. I'm so sick and terribly bigoted damn bitches. Of all people, they should be standing up for minorities and you know, going to back for other people with all they persecution and women suffer not just here, but all over the world. Here are small potatoes. Can't fear the way they're repressed by religions all over the world. They're 10th class citizens. And when you're a member of group, a group or several groups who've been discriminated against like I am, for example, you have a little bit of feeling for other people. Which is another reason I take it with great the resentment. This idea that I'm some kind of a wild, eye crazy ass racist son of a bitch, okay? And for example, remember the call I played was it what they was it? About if you ask me, you'll he'll tell you this or that, whatever. How does he know about outtweeting? I've never had any conversation with Mohour David. The longest conversation I ever had with him was about two minutes when he told me about what we're trying to get you canned and how he backed off into the right thing. And that's why you're still here. That's that's the longest conversation I ever had with him. He's never asked me about where I'm really coming from or what I think about this or what the weather is, which by the way it's sunny and beautiful and going to be almost 50 today. So how does he know what's in my mind where I'm coming from? This is a radio show which this man doesn't seem able to comprehend. 18 till 10 at 5, 60 WQM, we all have different lifestyles. That's for sure some of us were a silly hairpiece. ORIOMED Mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of pharmaceutical grade olive oil with vitamins, minerals, herbal other nutrients scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help use supports specific health needs. Look for ORIOMED's three new formulas, one to help you sleep, one to help you control your weight and cook you 10, all using the benefits of the best olive oil that money can buy. ORIOMED isn't outstanding products available all over town and more and more people are hopping on it. Pick up some of the new publics and records and log reans if you want to get more information about what ORIOMED can do for you and how it works. Call her toll free number and ask away call 1-866 ORIOMED. That's 1-866-665-36633. You can also order their products online at ORIOMEDAmerica.com. And don't forget if you visit nearest publics and vinyl ORIOMED product in databroward, you can get you a coupon for a free Larycoker Bobblehead doll. ORIOMED! Wow supplies last. Don't forget to visit their sampling<|ru|>. They're sampling<|ru|>.com. They win the offensive playing home games. Pick up free ORIOMED samples and product information. Start feeling healthy again by popping some ORIOMED in your post today. My life and love! This is sports video, high 60s! You can weigh yeah! It's day! In my every town, we're at 5-6-0. So W-U-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L-A-L- I wish we had to be young, yeah, there was nothing wrong with my soul Have my tongue as free, our phone calls, the only thing I know is clear This function has made my career I'm 47, a little messy, we love her, anybody offended by that? Oh geez, sorry. 560560, and you know something, this is all a million miles away from anything I had planned talking about today But I sat down here this morning from about 620 until 731 George comes in every morning about 730 All of a sudden the audio from the station clicks off, I know George is there We have a little verbal intercourse and figure out what we're going to do today And they facts me the log and we get ready to do the show So I only hear from like about 620 till 730 and that was the only topic I heard discussed Nothing about the dolphins, nothing about the panthers, nothing about the a-heat, nothing about anything else This was the big story of the day and we had a scar for 45 minutes to find it This little tiny blur by the internet, from KUGN in Portland, Oregon As a way of again coming into back door and stirring up the same crap Woods says his views about playing at a gust are unchanged Tiger Woods hasn't changed his mind about playing at the all-male Augusta National Golf Club this fight in New York Times at a twirl Calling out him to skip the masters As I've said before, everyone is intent on their own opinion would say yesterday He's in Japan for this week's Dunlop Phoenix tournament I think there should be women members would say but if not to me I don't have voting rights and just an honorary member The editorial published Monastery suggested that Woods not play at the masters next year Because of Augusta's all-male membership A tournament without Mr Woods would send a powerful message that discrimination isn't good for the golfing business The editorial said Augusta National the client comment They said it's a real hoot The Reverend Jesse Jackson who can of course stay away from things like this because he's compulsive Who says his rainbow push coalition will organize protest at the masters of a woman isn't A member by April called the Times editorial unfair and inconsistent for signaling out woods I don't remember them saying to Ben Hogan and Jack Nickless to boycott the masters because blacks aren't playing Jackson said Tuesday The elder became the first black to play in a masters 1975 Still Jackson said he would encourage Woods to take a stronger stand He's much too intelligent and too much of a beneficiary of our struggles to be neutral Jackson said his pun of you does matter I think right now his challenge would be to the PGA tour to the golfers to the Augusta National Board of Directors to all speak together In interviews this month Augusta National Chairman who he Johnson was adamant that a woman would not be among 300 members of Augusta by the start of the masters next April Johnson's comments with the first on the substance he's criticized Martha Burke and the National Council of Women's Organizations for trying to coerce change at the golf course The Times said that if Augusta National can originally discriminate against women that means others can choose not to support Mr Johnson's golfing fraternity That includes more and light members of the club CBS sports would syllabize the masters and the players especially Tiger Woods said the Times So Jesse Jackson stuck his signals of this dude. How do you like that? What a surprise. No, here's homestead. Hello. Hey, yeah, what's going on there? Yes, sir. I can't understand anybody calling you racist and there's any matter You know, I mean see that song I this doesn't inject a little bit song. It's a stereotypical song I mean I'm a song right there and I know sometimes you write songs that you want to bring not stereotypes and that Funny if you can accept it for that Or is this just a stereotype the abonics song was written at a time when that whole issue of a bonics being taught in the schools was Right as if you were you know, and it was funny and if you couldn't see the humor and it's been your an idiot or your racist because it was something You're against and what it should be is a guy drives race cars and forgive all of those stuff. That's a real Christelos sense I mean I'm getting it and it's ridiculous. Okay, but have a nice day and keep it up. I'm keeping it up right now. Got my thumb on it See, I don't know about you, but I've been saying for a long time, but I think it's unfortunate that blacks don't demand a better education Because when you can't speak proper English and when you're in our ticket Uh, you don't get to the top you don't make it big you don't see blacks who made it big like members of Congress who are interticulate and speak boobonics And people are promoteings like that are just to the back door trying to like keep blacks at the bottom of the social ladder in America And they're doing a good job of it too, by the way Promoting perpetual illiteracy. It's unacceptable Oh, but he's making fun of you. Yeah, whatever you say, Mo whatever you say Seriously, this this morning came as out of left fee. Oh, what inspired us a bad bull of corn flakes? Maybe the bag overflowed on the way to work from Boca. What inspired this? And just when you think, you know, we've gone through all the herniotic efforts to save George's job and to get a hold of Greg. What doesn't return anybody's phone calls and this lawyer talks to that lawyer and they talk to this man's agent to try to bring and back to earth And here it comes all again. Oh, over again It's a little big bug up the ass that just don't seem to want to go away. Maybe a real good. Maybe that might do it. You know, if you can get it out of a system I'm I'm all through playing that game. You know it. I'm through hearing about well. This one is then skin and this one can't take it and this one's wife is up. I don't care I don't care. They pay me a lot of money to do a radio show here. I've been making them a lot of money and I'm going to continue doing it. It's by the dentist and it's by the wacky Jackie It's by the many other people I want to screw with his show. I'm going to continue doing it I'm not just going to roll over and play dead because there are a bunch of mouth contents out there who got nothing better to do than dick with a radio show or just Or we got a star post on this radio station who doesn't want to be a team player didn't he tell you in the team room He was here to be a team player. Yeah in the early days when we spoke. Yeah when he was speaking to us And as far as all of the sudden stuff that we play about him and the mobits album and all of that that all came about long after all of these attempts to get your ass fired And all this other crap and a comment about the bulletin ahead that goes back month. So this isn't something new that just started That goes back months ago that interpret unacceptable comment to get me that one morning as I'm sitting here in this very same chair and just almost falling off the chair Oh, this stuff that somebody on this station plays out of the guys of stick in most markets where get him a bullet through the brain Well, that's lovely. That's beautiful and most most comments on a real radio station by somebody like that would get him can Can Can F i r e d I don't try to get name by can. I'm like certain other people on this radio station But in most real places in a real organization a comment like that would get somebody's ass canned Release suspended Or at least bring it to the attention if anybody was paying attention with a 85 manager be gotten that building that's something really stinking is going on here But that's not the way we operate because our people operate in fear they're afraid to look anybody and say yes, what we just not doing it that way We need to have a little verbal intercourse or something Five six out. How did this all start here today, you know, this is amazing to me. I got out of bed feeling great I last thought I thought was getting little scratch in the throat. I got out with some Italian wedding soup down in my supermarket Ever have Italian wedding soup? No, what's in it? Got a little tiny meatballs in it and like a barley and oh, man, it's got all kinds of good stuff in there. And it was great. I had that honor of Joe Costello's wedding, which is taking place soon And low and behold, I wake up this morning had a good night sleep after watching a really crappy small pill last night pretty disappointing and here low and behold I can speak Come in here, sit my ass down on the chair and a very good mood ready to rock and roll here today and do our usual thing which we seem to be on a roll here lately And guess what? I don't let feel here comes an entire show dedicated to proven once again through the back door that we got some racist bastard on there and say in her record Let me tell you right now, I've never had one person from the University of Wyoming city to me on the air off the air in a back alley On the goddamn subway here in Toronto. Do you should be saying that about the teens? They get it. They understand my sense of humorous sick and twisted as it may be. They're not looking to try to twist it into something that it's not. And in addition to which I'm not a hurricane fan anyway, I want to Michigan State. I hate to break the news to you And I continue to tell you that with your college football fan, it probably makes sense if you're a fan of the team wherever you went to school Then they make sense to you. Okay, aren't you a fan of the team where you went to school? I didn't go to school That was my point. That's why you're not a sports fan. Oh, is he a little bit? I thought it because I had a life. Well, I might be part of it. Here's Tamarack. Hello Yes sir Yes And you also come to make a man. And I can't do it. You can't do it. One thing for your opinion, man. No worries. Anyone state. I appreciate your show. No, you show. Stop listening to your show. Go ahead. All right. All right. Thank you. Okay. Put the machine. Launch or something? Something. He was eating something. I think he was eating crackers with honey or something. Ha ha. It's not a good idea, man. Do not be eating crackers. Not because. Yeah. You might start losing it. Thanks very much for your all support and whatever you're eating. Cut it out. He was eating while he was talking. I was good. I had a good effect. I can understand a damn thing he was saying. But he was a good guy. I want to. Yeah. I think. You can never know. 96 votes. Which group has made the most progress in the US in the past 100 years? Blacks 31. Women 26. G's 11. Jews 11. Hispanics 9 and Catholics 8. There you go, Dennis. Get yourself some help sweetheart. Get some professional help. Let him put you in a rubber room and cool out for a little while. Before it's too late. 9.56. 5.60 WQM has never been a better time to purchase a new home or refinance or resisting home than write this second. How about a rate of 3.95% however that sound? That's right. The National Group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95% and all you have to do is call for an inch of group toll free 1.80940LEND. That's 1.8094053. The money you're going to save is incredible. Think about it. You can get yourself $100,000 loan for only 450 bucks a month. Right $200,000 loan for only $950 bucks a month. The process is simple. You'll save thousands of dollars each year. So pick up the phone call or good folks at the National Group at 1.80940LEND and they'll explain how this works. There's never been a smarter or better time to get to a really super low interest rate than right now. So call financial group and you'll be on your way to save a big bucket of cash. Financial group is an equal housing lender. Federal restrictions do apply and raise a sub-new to change. So call right now 1.80940LEND. That's 1.809405363. My life and love. This is for 20560. You're way too way. Can the banana republic baby only in Miami? Now through the streets point that window. This is $100,000 in the garden of the tattoo code. These say honey got money, though you. Or when you take them back, it's the ride with you. And you're way too far away. And you're way too far away. And you're way too far away. And you're way too far away. And you're way too far away. And you're way too far away. And you're way too far away. And you're way too far away. And you're way too far away. And you're way too far away. And you're way too far away. And you're way too far away. And you're way too far away. And you're way too far away. And you're way too far away. And you're way too far away. And you're way too far away. And you're way too far away. And you're way too far away. She know how to make the ball bed cry Back then, she took the shower down We were in the heat just gave her no good power And so, and so And so, that's everything we do We were in America We were so upset It wasn't heavy one day Somehow, but then, we had to go around There is a crowd with some doubt Who told us about Thursday And I could see We are in it I had an article about Monday F walked to a day I was playing that anticipating that maybe tonight was gonna be the week night for fat boy It's always night for fat boy five six seven. Oh five is lying one screw-up. Is that my imagination? Okay, just checking this line checking Here's lady in Vokha hello Lady in Vokha Hello She out there after but I didn't know it didn't sound like a hang up sounded like a To me you know what I'm saying? Maybe she'll call back, but I kind of doubt it Here's Miramar hello Miramar Okay, this is what we got. Oh, all right. This is the audience. This is what you folks do for this show All you people out there that wanted the phone calls back an opportunity to say something the A part of the show and here on a day especially when I'd expect a little bit of something Either positive or negative or whatever. What do we got the usual same crap mouth readers noise makers? And so that's it. That's the soft photo audience. I mean, what's the point? Seriously? What's the point? What a horse ball place. You know really it's just a horse ball place A collective IQ smaller than my thumbnail Here's Carl Springs hello Yes, sir That last call or that wasn't he wasn't he I think he had one of those Metro PCS phones you know for 35 bucks you get what you get But I wanted to talk to you about the the vericone you know you need to be able to laugh at yourself You know, you know, I I was I lived in Calacone was raising California And I lived there till I was 20 then I moved out Florida and You know, I meet I meet people out here and this is the south it's different different for for For black people out here. I mean, you know, it's different for all people But a California, you know, I meet some of some of the best and the sweetest people out here and And a lot of them I just say you know you don't even know what it's like if you live in California You see how it would be you know, it's be treated right and they they treat them much different on California They call it them much different They treat black people much different. Oh, yeah, you know this does this the south how about the jacanos the jacanos? Yeah, well, it's a kind of still don't get treated right out in California That's my point They treat the humans right though that's for sure both of them. Okay. Have a great day sir I'm going to I'm heading for California right away not And I good sure great. Let's go. They treat the dark folks good But if you have a to be jacano while we're still working on you guys and of course if you happen to be Chanchanese they haven't or South Vietnamese or Korean or whatever they got no choice because there's so many of you I'm already sure what he was trying to say five six and he did say the rules are different here in the south and he's right. Oh, man. Is it ever Oh the lady and bokeh's back. Hello Hi, Niel. Yes, man I was called I'm going to tell you something that he's probably already know but your listeners who are not ignorant And know a little bit about personality psychology know that moves uncomfortable with you because you're so secure with yourself and he's not Is that what it is? I think so Yeah That's it so what do we do about that how do we make him more secure about himself? You're like it gets him crazy I keep the her peace on straight Okay, okay, thanks thanks for the analization. Thank you. Here's the facts. Oh listen to George is a chronic facts. He was says Good morning, Neil and George. I listen to her. I had showed this morning. I might be wrong But my impression was during his opening monologue here. He seemed to be trying to set the table for a day of allowing listeners to rip the Neil Rogers show host a material by tagging it in this ridiculous Well, that's exactly right the thing at the Oregon and then try to connect it with the university of Miami and QAM But after about an hour after several colors called into denoun censorship I thought that mold backed off. I thought he and Goldie both ultimately came down on the side of those who said if you don't like the material of a radio She'll just hit the button on your radio I'm low to defend Howard, but how it seemed to me that his tone was rather innocuous after all Once the conversation lost steam well that that's beside the point that's like throwing something out there And if the audience doesn't care about your bandwagon doesn't agree with you then kind of like a waffle away from it, you know That that's not the point Was just another in trepid subject brought forth by Mr. Moe trying to steer the pot the what thing mode doesn't understand is that A He's not winning his presentation and B. He shall always spit on social issues I'm sure tomorrow I'll go back to talking about Tiger Woods and the S master's term and have a great day. Yeah, well, I'm not letting him off that easy Because I know it from this side of the microphone and from the last several days which after after certain conversation took place About a week ago Monday Everything's there to become uncopecetic maybe maybe some people can't stand past parody Maybe some people don't want to get along with other people Maybe some people like being a subject of score maybe they're used to it The fact that everybody in the building hates them like poison Just this morning I had one of our sales people begging me to try to go to bat to get somebody else to do our morning show When I said like I told him before I don't try to get people can that's not my bag other people may do that I don't play that game I don't threaten to get people can I don't have George can I don't get the beast can I don't play that game because I have a little bit of sensitivity that people's livelihoods are at stake We're not talking about people's lives not just about numbers And this was such a my new story To make an entire show out of that in full in me for one second come and bring it out of left field and To try to keep drawing the analogy well university miners on this radio station and they haven't yet but if they should Papa Bobby be dead well, they're not gonna They're not gonna and Long before you came down the pike mister with your bad hair piece long before you came here I broadcast you of end baseball for six years and did a hell of a job in fact Paul these was done at the rate peri just four five weeks ago told him that rate came in it passed that along when I was there Not that they have any great love for me you've been cousin to controversial not a waste but nevertheless Maybe we expect the fact that it'll have a good job for them And they got bigger fish to fry than worry about trying to control the content You know it's interesting before I came let's turn the clock back a little bit This is bringing back some real memories not not good ones either Remember Christine and moron sure Mr. hockey right who's not a playing laughing clown for ESPN on a weekend's like about two o'clock in the morning Here's a guy came another another one another genius Who had a bug up his ass and because I had the audacity of course at that time we were working on different radio stations He was on the station we were on IOD And because I had the audacity to say that he was just boring as he made Joseph Gackie sound like I'm actually in jumping Me, he didn't even do the game. This is on radio He'd be talking about extraneous stuff and you could tell the game it started again You'd hear the puck hitting the you know the the sounds of the sticks and pucks on the ice because they had the overhead microphone saying And he heard all the game was going on you know it but he was talking cocka, you know And because I had the audacity to criticize him he became a real antagonist And he had a talk show on his station back at that time in this time slot as a matter of fact with very very my new numbers speaking of my new And I remember after I signed a contract to come over here to QAM from IOD After that they paid me off to go away some months when I told him I was coming here I Man the house and what am I in frequent trips back to South Florida during that summer and I listen to the radio and he's going on a great length about I don't think the arraggies will ever be on WQA I don't think it's gonna happen He's too controversial the sponsors will ever put up with it and Then it led into speculation that because Wayne high Zenga He did me like poison because I was so my technique at technistic to bally and because of the fact that he owned at that time the marlins and the dolphins That Neo Rogers will never appear that's your will never happen on QAM well here we are five and a half years later boys and girls Whatever the hell the time frame is Ratings around we're still number one we're still kicking ass the log is full we're still making him a crap load of money So Christina more I didn't have any idea what he was talking about More Howard David don't know what he's a Johnny come lately. See it seems to me instead of barging in like a goddamn white tornado With a big fan ego date when you come into a new market you take a little bit of time to learn the lay of the land But you think that's probably a good idea. Oh, yeah to get to know people and know what they're really all about But when you're dealing with a humorless pop as self-serving jackass, then ain't gonna happen And like I said I've backed off for the last time ain't gonna happen again We'll play the bits that we want to play we'll talk about the substance we want to talk about whether without his approval and the Neo Rogers show will continue And so pretty sad god damn day than anybody would take a minute story like that a meaningless story like that and make it into a whole radio show With obviously clearly one thing in mind and that is to continue hammering away on that point the Rogers is erases the Rogers is a bigot the Rogers is a bad guy And your Rogers also has the highest ratings on this radio station and has had for the last five years. I will continue to have And brings in more revenue than any other show on this radio station and we'll continue to do that. No So it's no longer an option. I mean there's nothing left to say as far as well, you know jump on a bad wagon He got to be on my bad wagon ever Talk about the podcast called the kettle Qs And then of course those sickle fans those asslickers all all the people like the dentuses of the world and the Wendy's of the world well one to whatever name is People that we desperately want off the Iran is sure because they have nothing to say they just they're just wacko people And they've all found like a little nesting place there just kind of like the joy rental show on a weekends and I would be remember that Do I remember it I had to board hobby Air v person that we didn't want on here the guy with the eyes Gilbert, I mean you name it they all found a nested. They found a home They found a place to roost My my my those were the days weren't they? Yeah, I can all work up about how many of the ones that you want are huh? It's a fun on this end Yeah, because you're a heartless son of the way. That's why you're saying I blood there's the heartless Spick yeah Come on it's after 10 at 5 60 WQM if you look at an amiramundri where did I how did that here go? It went down the drain and went down the toilet to fill on the floor. I went into bathtub wherever it goes It falls out because just one of them things man about being a man My man and the Charles Alfiori natural hairline system is the best in the universe no matter what you pay You could pay thousands of dollars and still not on that look as good as which Charlie system because it's a hundred% undetectable it looks like they hear on your head is the real thing like it's grown out of your scalp Not like some awful animal fell from the sky With that kryptonite and just died on your head So call that a intake avenged the special $200 QM disk I want you to tell them you're right Just told you to call and don't forget that Charlie also services him repairs all kinds of her since systems Why do you wait for only 25 to 30 bucks and will make you look human and don't forget when you buy the natural hairline system from Charles Alfiori Everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee if after 30 days you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells If you're not getting hit at least four or five times a day Charlie gives you full refund so let you wait and forget your hair back Great look and head of hair from Charlie Alfiori the hair man call 1 800 321 2413 as 1 800 321 2413 or log out of his website at Charles Alfiori.com My local this is five seconds three years of yours You Shannon I thought nerf we all know Shannon for girls courageous three hour half a day attempt to enter the center del ended at Helping It hurts to quit Oh, and I don't think I look good on the shorts The Shannon story started two and a half years before hell week and now E.B. Sleeze presents you can go to hell. I quit the Shannon for So up and out of Shannon time to work out. Let's go everyone before We also new Shannon would have to be in tip top shake to complete the rigorous training at the civid And I can't even Oh Battery can death third one more quick is where that one kind from now Thanks, but look how the rigorous training changed every Uh, shit, we're gonna have to break up Let's set up things made it too much woman for me If you ain't gonna finish your eyes, can I have You can go to hell. I quit the Shannon for your story. It's the movie that proves you don't have to succeed in life You just have to sell your miserable life story to the networks Sunday night on A.B. Sleeze 10 17 at 560 WM got the mad dog at one hankle the owner three in a studio for four solid hours You would know extraneous stuff that was Chicago, Panther previous 737 30 at 730 the Panthers and the islanders Where's that game do we know? Is that a home game? I'm not asking you I'm sorry, it's in sunrise a home game. Eddie K. after the hockey game. Any K from GA and Joe and Mark overnight That's the schedule. That's the agenda and You watch we have a hidden agenda Here's North Miami. Hello. Oh, yes, sir. Can you play that song again? But the guy with a crack. No, we can't Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir You can talk about anything you like. Okay. Oh, I'm just saying it's his ratings go up wouldn't that be directly Your fault the record my fault. Yes, it's rating skill up. What is that? Yeah, his ratings are going up. Yeah, that's what I'm saying for doesn't he have you to thank to that What that is ratings went down? Oh, it's green. You're gonna go up. Oh, brother So let me answer you wait I beg your pardon if the ratings go if the ratings go in If the ratings go in will they come out the end? Oh, that's the question I just didn't understand him. I guess 567 05 60 pound 560 on the AT and CN Verizon wireless low as the appropriate of crap continues Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Let's put this go over the chronological chronology of of Howard David. He comes into this market. He says I'm very jackass This is column, but he's in a reinvent sports radio. There's no having gone anywhere Yeah, he tried to fire the try to fire the beef. I think successfully He did not wait wait wait wait. It's slow. So round little bit. Okay, because you know being on the outside You're not quite as privy to what's going on in the inside if you really want to waste the time Go through the whole chronology He can't curl and off the show first because she didn't fit in his mind They got the beast can because the beast was unprofessional and then when the beast came in one day to the Sports headlines he also got a I'm that particular day when he was talking to guilty during in between the headlines I'm all called it off here to make sure he wasn't on there because he's unprofessional doesn't want him on a show. Okay next and I mean I think I think one first Highlight can get better ratings than him. Oh, he already did I mean this guy He's ruined keys ruined the golfing games. I mean how many times right here that Scott Galgen is a former New York Jail man. I'm serious. Yeah. I mean this guy. I mean I think in honor and honor of all this and because we don't hear guilty Motion more can we hear guilty talking on a sports show song? Okay. Thank you. Yeah Oh Brother and I'm also not to finish. I'm not gonna do that disclaimer about well, you know We does actually play by play. How would that okay? How would it? We didn't have a problem on the dolphin broadcasts infrared Manage where a great team zimfermed let managed to is thing and we didn't have a problem there The fact it's him for wasn't in town who gave a crap about that really anybody complain about that I never heard a complaints nope whether they knew his name or not they had no complaints with those broadcasts They were just fine But now we've had all kinds of sign again. I don't I don't even blame them. I blame one person for all of this and his name is Greg Reed He's the only one who's got a shoulder to blame He created the nightmare in a first place about a year ago when he started dick and went a morning show in a fit of peak And he hasn't been able to put it back together again. Just like we saw what they did to I would be with Reneri every time they start messing with success They screw it up. They catch us leave things along They never recovered from that crap at Iod in a morning ever Not that his audience was the youngest in the world. He had the greatest demographics, but he was an institution They were making money on that show and they were doing just fine And they didn't have a clue what they were gonna do at that point. They had no idea what they were gonna replace it with So they tried to why we even go back to back. You know, it's 2D pressing And didn't you ruin the checkmarish or anyway? I thought it was you. Oh, wow was one of us Maybe I want to work with into that show. Maybe both of us We've sandbagged all those great phoneers. He's a great supported it if you hit his great. I don't interaguse. Yeah 5 670 560 Pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line on a really bizarre unsus unexpected psychotic day Because the topic today is Neil is erases these a bad guy. He's a sun bitch is what he is He's an evil door and don't you ever forget about it And he disguises all of that stuff. He does one of the guys of stick as in All right, stick it Here's a call from the geobals home Here's Hollywood hello Okay, hello Okay, it just it just continues Sure glad we uh, but the call back or yeah sure glad yeah brought your calls back because it sure really adds to the moment Did they mow of the show you know the mole mint him? The mole I hear him the mole I realize it was probably not a good idea. Oh, we want to hear the colors They got so much to contribute. Let's face it no matter what the subject matter is the overwhelming majority of you have got nothing to say Which is what makes out for what are the median ingredients the one of the priming ingredients that makes it just a outdoor summit pump A gigantic septic tank spread over thousands and thousands of acres You can smell it all the way up here Here's plantation hello Yes, sir. I cannot believe you can miss nothing has happened four weeks now during this football season with guilty He has quoted the broad cast dies calling of the game and not his walk on your Again, which means he's not listening to his walk home game. He's listening to Yes, he had an ABC. Yeah, and I don't understand why I call him on Well, call him up and ask him about that. Okay, see I don't plan I want to play that game That's that childish. Let you people do that call them up on that you're probably won't get on here, but ask guilty that question He did this and he did that with that. The like here. What he's listening to And that's another problem with a top show audience is that about 70% of the people are like little children anyway in the sandbox 567. Oh 560 pie. I tell you seriously this town just never ceases to amaze me Hey, we're all behind you. No, I'll be behind you. Look over your shoulder. You see way back there with the distance and I don't need a way back in the distance But they're all turned around walking the other way You know what I mean? No, what do you mean? I mean we got 100 some odd votes on a pool. What do we got? Can't control my mouse my mouse is even out of control. 109 votes which group has made the most progress in the west over the past hundred years It just changed again demo. How do you like that? 196 black 61 women 53 Catholics 22 Jews 20 gays 20 his Spanish 20 three way time for last Here's Miami. Hello, hey, you think the dolphins are happy with him Here's deer field. Hello Yes, the all how are you today? Okay? Just want to let you know that I've listened your program for a long time never called you But always find it very interesting. I love some of stuff you get on to and when you do get offensive as far as I'm concerned I simply flip the dial. Yeah, and then I flip it back a few minutes later See if you've gotten off that topic and I enjoy the rest of this show. Okay? The problem what you're talking about is South Florida for the most part they are more on and I can't wait to get to head out of this state Because I feel if you got to have a brain in your head You won't have it if you live here too long. It'll get fried even in the state of the earth if fries Totally fried and I'm from the A place that you know very well born and raised and you need a New York Then move to the Rochester area and I'm ready to move back to the Rochester area Snow cold and all Yeah, I don't mind a weather. I mean we've had some other here over last few days than bother me See this this is this is this is one of the great myths that they sell in South Florida and places like South Florida Is that whether is everything and I know you know the climate at certain points of the year is pretty nice But whether's not life When people find out I'm from Rochester They actually say you me you're gonna move back there. I say have you ever been to that area of the country? It's actually some of the most beautiful Country that there is yeah for cold side Okay, I'll wait to across the lakes we are 567. Oh 560. I mean that guy before do you think that all the drier? I don't know call up it often's last-fudge ground if they're happy with the mass one of those people ask Harvey green I don't know I'm sure they'll tell you yesterday It's static What do you think George? 1026 and 560 WQM. I think Delights West Boca is your low-carb sugar free-acquins are died headquarters In fact, I don't think it I'd be knowing it and they've just got in 14 different low-carb cookies all from three different bakers All delicious and if you had a pick of favorite you probably won't be able to because they're all sensational Peanut butter chocolate chocolate chip lemon coconut all sugar free your low-carb and by the way I completed my first-day on the ackehens last one pound. Oh, I'd be like that What a lost more stuff. I had that big tub of soup last night Didn't have any crap What you can stop by Delights and sample any of their products trying before you bind Let's give us a low for their new low-carb red called Simply low-carb red. It's really good stuff spread some of that new-la-nuba jam on it and you got a great low-carb breakfast just jam on it And don't forget is your official icons die retail center. He likes the West Boca sells every ackehens grand product at 25% off today Next took us every day. You've heard the reports on the ackehens and fact just the other day that ackehens is working like crazy Just yesterday we had a big story that their finally started with that ackehens really gets the job done for you And it's a great way to lose weight. Delights the West Boca's got a friendly knowledgeable staff to help you get all the items for your Atkins die it. They're open 10 to 10 every day on the corner glazed in 440 and in Boca and entire store dedicated the products You be looking for call 1 877 low carb or check them out on the web at low carb dot com Honey You're at Wait missing a suction That makes that creature Because he wouldn't take the shower with ankle burn and asshole asshole He's renaising a such an asshole He's just like Hitler and A.L.Bron What's that? He's milding on What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? asshole asshole He's looking for the special asshole He only takes care of his love The same is project right away One thing you'll ever be on QA And because Wayne wouldn't tell me that he's here We'll be playing Otsongsey more Right, Christina There are all experts, baby They all got their thumb right on it Here's a fact from Irving Who says during the 11 list distance, 1976 Oh, you show keeps getting better Thanks for the last and prospect You might want to check out that's got a website If you haven't already seen a report on the detailed This Manning of our privacy rights By the Bush mice to win his ilk It's www.lchr.org Thanks Irving So I just never been happy to know It's said or 560 pound 560 Don't forget we got that big noon to one hour Today all comedy bits to put a smile on your pussy I had a smile on my pussy when I sat down this morning And now I don't like my tone, you know what? I don't like the tone You like the tone? Yeah, I like it fine Yeah, that's what you're partless, whatever Trick rhymes with a stick That's right Trouble maker Schmidt the stirber Put your point I think you got a point But I wear a hat See I don't really care anymore Because I'm not putting on any more pretense You know because of you try and you try and you try You make the effort The effort has been honestly made I'm not trying to like the of Primadana But the effort has been made on this end Even even on requested it was made on this end Last time, you know Like he's back a little bit Give the guy a chance like fine And we thought we're making some progress Have we discussed that off the air? Yes, we did Thought we're making a little bit of progress So you'll land into the real world There is no hope there There is no hope Because this is an unyielding Air again, egotistical, pompous ass The likes of what's not only if I never worked with before The likes of what's had never encountered my life I've met some real look I've been around 60 years old I've been around a block several times all over the world Met nice people, assholes, everybody in between But I've never encountered a beast like this Ocean is that that 5670560 Pound 560 on the AT&T And Verizon Wireless Line Here's a call from a beautiful Boynton Beach Hello What is it? Hi Hi Thank you I just want to say that My dad has a car business where they go up north and south And deliver cars back and forth For the wealthy people Thank you And when I was taking the car up There was somebody got in a billboard It was white Somebody spray painted your number And your name, your radio number And that's how I got to listen to you But what I want to say is Where was this? Oh geez And I might have been a pompous county Might have been a mech county I've known But I want to say this That's true And then I want to say this is true So here My dad's a car business I retired my dad's still I mean, he's still driving Yeah He had to go to Miami He had a nice pick up a lady Elderly lady in a wheelchair From California Oh yeah Yeah True And they People that check for things To be That's the standpoint They take your out And they went to her bag Good And I Good I'm sure we don't get her back here again We got enough old people out there Thanks very much for your sending lady story And keep driving it What was that? 560, 560, pound 560 On the AT&T line, West Palm Beach Hello Hey, how you doing? All right I got a question In the last 15 or 20 years That you been down there Which the best morning midday afternoon line Of you been a part of It won't be the best one you would put together I think beyond the shadow of that one We had Rick and Sus in a morning I was in midday and Phil wasn't the afternoon Randy was it man? Are you hearing me? Oh, he's got his radio on Oh, he's got his radio on He's listening Well, maybe no, he didn't want to hear himself I guess he thought he could only hear maybe he couldn't hear me Don't be so nasty man You're a nasty person, George And I don't know I just thought I mentioned Okay Mom, in some people keep reminding me other folks about me So I'm going to keep reminding them about you Who's called deflecting deflecting their attention So it's like a diversionary attack I'm an nasty man Seriously, don't you think that was a great line up? Are you kidding everybody? And you'll notice now and he's laid his trans That IOD is making some inroads and speaking of Phil He's kicking ass at night Are you sure? Number two and men Did I turn it at? Yes Had a big trend He had a five tied for a second With I would the AQI I don't do mom B Would they five five? He's not going to catch EDR Because they're all alone up there Not you know But he's kicking ass And what he had Rick and Sus And he was truly in Phil Henry That was an award winning line up And of course the cost people blew that Well we try it every way We know to make money when you people We don't have time for all of this Yeah, we know Bob Neill Pull out your ass A little midget I practically every appearance Somebody will comment On those days and that line up Those were great things But I started to say I would these make in some inroads Now in a reason that Tom Todd The whatever that guy's wrecking And he have to know what is his name Schmatchnitt The reason he's making a number in there Not because he's got a great show But all the way Notice he's doing When I was last time I heard me He was like playing some comedy But he's like trying to be across Over between me and Lardas He's like Lardas You and you're very right wing But also trying to cross over to some of the stuff we do But the reason he's got the odd This is he got the flow through from Lardas Who gets some flow through from Dr. Laura And they got Phil on a night So it's by the fact they call them the new station It's really a talk station And when you're the island When you're the only non sports show On an all sports station And when he continued talking about it It's all sports radio and that's all they want to say It makes it doubly hard It's very hard Can you feel it? Yeah I'm feeling it right now It is very hard Or something Some soft Yeah, maybe some of that stool softener might help 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 On the AT&T In fact I remember the first time I complained about that old chair Then I had up here Yeah And Bob were both when he was still up here Instead of getting me a new chair to sit And I'm going to show you brought me a little package of stool softener I guess he didn't understand what that meant He's a little bit slow Bob removed Roy! Here's Key Largo, hello Yo yo yo yo yo the trick boat Very weak rendering, don't you think? Indeed Here's Miami, hello Miami? Hey, yeah I was listening to the radio this morning I was listening to these two female morning announcers And I think it's just to show you how weak people are What this thing, what is Michael Jackson Holden this kid over the balcony Yeah, that's fine Just to find him doing that I mean, you know, it's kind of something to be Disaccompanied with people The whole speed of speed and a pedophile on the toe Right, absolutely correct You know, just get it out So I thought we had to say really burn me up Well, let's show is that You better get back here I mean, you'll remember about black god And there isn't anysecad Well Mark, look there's one person So how we know why we can be squared Tell me what you longer That's myestey Two female You can do one or two fondo Do we finish? No or bro I may or might I can do one Refall I won't do two see this something i mean really so grotesque that that wasn't grotesque enough micle you're out and you're not gonna be able to help the family and you notice how he's like he's kind of like breeding these little kids i'm afraid what's gonna be happening with them right petri dish yeah i don't mean he's breeding but he's having them bread for him because he's she was only father but in any rate see that once there is on kids heaven only knows what he's gonna be doing a good like old enough another week or two when they get to be about six months old in any course just like bubbles like i mentioned yesterday once they get to be a little bit too old like maybe twelve or thirteen and they'll be out they'll be out on their own i have like a little satchel on their shoulder and that'll be it ten forty one is five sixty w q a m pompot park is open up for live harness racing in its best three nights a week a way to minute four nights a week can you believe that i do now every monday wins day friday and said it and i mentioned that just the other time i've been in my psychic powers again about the Mondays in the free spaghetti first post i'm seven fifteen there's three general parking free clubhouse and grants that admission every afternoon evening why not come up for a great evening a horse racing action room home a winner from the real features stuff to private boxy on the four four and joy of energy a hot fun sunday or slice of a lot of these pizza tonight wednesday and over twenty it's the opening round of the bartender series month long event features your local bar in a junk cart foot race down the stretch one team member must hold a tray with three drinks that can't fall offering off the tray during the race you're following that twenty five hundred bucks in cash and prizes on the line and over get that every Wednesday like tonight is dollar night even get yourself a draft here hot dog soda large press or popcorn only a bucket piece pop at a park's excellent top of the park restaurant on the six floors open every library tonight for finding featuring chef Kirkley days night these specials and the best seafood states and framer uh... ripped in her zentown you got yourself a little teamy monitor the sea all races and the sea out the stock market's got right on to there's also a great all you can eat buffet in the four four players lounge only ten ninety five per person every racing night top of the park off all also offers full card sample casting every day seven days weeks starting a new one with high-lionist and third-party action don't forget we're now to that new uh... winter schedule at top of the park four live racing nights week monday wednesday friday and Saturday including the night first post nine seven fifteen at top of the park on power line road a blast south of Atlantic Boulevard the stop at night go be tell me talking on a sport show try to be macho your boys sounds just like a seven year old girl a little sport show what else are you there for gellie tell me talking like a baby who needs a little draining like a chill on their stand you don't sound like a man people close up about that joke your smoke you're you're lucky you're lucky managed don't know you don't belong there on the air and no the sports can wait till your boys cracks all standing one who sounds like that should find another job and they should only take you back when both your babies drop you're lucky tell me when you're gonna grow up you make us want to grow up you silly sweet people go to broadcasting school you're pretty too busy boys thank you sound like a you're lucky you're lucky you're lucky that's 40 seven five I want to hold on virus play we'll skip a cruise yeah cancel this next 10 day care being crews of all the hours that is played more than 500 passengers over four consecutive voyages the cruise lines said it call off tomorrow sailing to break the person the person cycle of the illness symptoms which general last one or two days include vomiting diarrhea headache and low grade fever the virus can be dangerous for the elderly those with medical problems we want to demonstrate to our passengers that we're doing everything we can to eliminate this virus eliminated said Helen America's folks women rose a bellow we want our future guests on the Armstrong that piece of mind confidence in sailing with us on this sailing 57 passengers and 17 crew members have contracted the sickness on three previous cruises a total of 438 passengers have been stricken the answer to them is due to return to marauder port ever blades cvc spokeswoman Susan McClure said a circle that shows it takes four days of cleaning with no passengers on the ship to severely reduce the virus numbers they gotta clean it they gotta scrub it they gotta spray it they gotta lick it 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T line 253 boats on the pool which group is made the most progress in the US in the past 100 years even though those poor lady golfer those women kick it into augusta black 73 women 72 is Spanish 30 Jews 28 gays 26 Catholics 24 I don't understand that at the McKay sense to me the way this pole is coming but does to me I mean Jews used to have to change their names they had to be closet Jews in this country and that's not 100 years ago that's like 56 years ago and back in the early 50s when the McKarthierer came to head as they're doing it again huh yeah so it would seem to me that there should be a few more but well what can I say but it's all relative it's all depends on who your relatives are right 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T line at noon we begin our noon to one magnificent Wednesday hump hour I can't wait can you wait I'm on Jones and right now here's Miami hello yeah sure can call every day can't you pal that's an idiot again are we ever going to do something about him but do you make it because he camps man wouldn't idiot 5675 there's a difference asshole which I'll even take the time you've been at spot of the fact that it's you because we have to draw your diaphragm because you're too stupid to understand or maybe you just don't want to there's an difference between song paradise difference between comedy but and between trying to paint somebody as a racist big and try to like interfere or interfere with their right to have a lively wood if you can't see that you're too more stupid than we thought you were and by the way George is waiting for you next Wednesday don't invite him why not for sure he's gay anyway I think the two you would have a great time together you might just get along famously here's some sunrise hello good morning Leo yes sir I'm from Kala I've been moved from Puerto Rico back here and I have a really good family name he's got me out to me I don't know if you remember the grenade grenade? Yeah look you can guy stocking yeah when you want your commercial many years ago walk away where they now I'm landing on my question is you're asking me to call this morning why do you continue to you want to be in this market I mean it's just my father can I give you one more answer money well in that case I guess I'll take the money but I did it to be the money that's the sir that let me tell you right now that's the only reward that I get is the money that's it you know it's a big part of the lab I'm about to serve right now you can imagine I see everything the trees and how people act and it doesn't cover why would anybody work with this stockboard of serious well that's why I'm not there oh that's right that's right you're in here and I'm sitting in beautiful Toronto right now look at how my window is a sunny beautiful this guy a lot of nice people out there oh yeah I'm up and in that's right I'm doing it that's all I have to say thank you okay I have a great day pal don't unpack and be a bigist mistake you ever made I was told people that and then they laugh at me and then about six months later they call back they were just about moving out of here we're going to anywhere you know someplace some Alabama someplace will be safe 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line it is amazing how so many people can be in one place all congregated together and so a little going on here's a lot of deal hello for a lot of deal okay hey can we talk about anything you like anything you want can we talk about black people tipping yeah we talk about Jimmy and Danny yeah can we talk about God yeah keep going I'm not a I'm not a shit I'm not sorry no you don't have any material look at that he didn't have any material it was a crank I know that you know I don't have any material how to talk about this and talk about what was that what was it he was the definitive software to call right there right nothing to say it's like today's people call how come you talking about this what would you like to talk about this and then have absolutely nothing to say about anything I know it always amazes you and it just shocks the living the only program in the world I don't care. I'll listen until it gets too boring. And it still doesn't make any difference, which I think shows you the depth, the depth of the shalloness, is that like an icy moron? I like that. The depth of the shalloness is South Florida. Here's Fort Lauderdale again, hello. Hi. Hi, yes, I'm on. Hello. Hello. I just wanted to say, I think you're in for more than the money, because you have lots of laughs. Yeah. Yeah. I think you're a riot. Let me see it again. I'm on the highway. I just showed you the money. Oh, you're you, man. Show me the money. You got a chuckle just to fall asleep. Think about some of the things that are said on the show. No, yeah. I can't follow that down. Come on. OK. Well, there's the last. There you go. Right on target. Five, six, though. Let me say it again. M-O-N-E-Y. Lots of it. That's the only reason. There was no other reward. All the money we raised for charity on the show. Rarely is a word written about that. While 100 goes out and does this Sicily-ass thing with an national, what was it, Hollywood Squares? And here's a big, public piece in Tom. Jick has calm. And here's this one writing about that. And Kevin, back to his way. We get nothing. OK. I mean, I'm not saying we have an simplicity over the years. Most of it bad. But nothing. No matter what you do, no matter how much positive or free entertainment you give, no matter how much your race maturity, how many good things you try to do, no matter how much people are out to try to nail your race. It's nothing. So there's no other rewards. Just that paycheck every two weeks. And people think I'm joking when I say that. Absolutely nothing. Look at these calls. Look at these calls. Not that we've had any shortage of calls today. How many of these calls we've had in these two hours so far would you say have been in the worth of price of peanuts, too? Not have been the few. That lady in which other one. Come on. In the early going, there were a couple. But you're just forgetting now. OK. So you get an old because you forget the early ones. That's been the pattern lately. First few minutes, we get a couple of people with something to say. And then they're out of material for the rest of the day. You're forgetting where you are. Oh, not. I'm not. I'm not forgetting where I am. And it looks really great out there. I'm going to just go out and walk miles. I'm just going to go out and get a brisk walk all over the place. I think I'll get a walk. Get some brisk it and then walk. Brisk it. Maybe I'll just walk down the street and get some good brisk it at the Delhi. 1056 at 560WQA. And hey, if you love your home, you need more space. Do the smart thing like even little George did it. What does that tell you? Do 100 of other people are doing call strictly additions. Whether you're having a baby need another room, maybe you're converting a car porter patty when living space. Maybe you went into business for yourself and you want to make a home orifice in your house. Call strictly additions because these people are the experts. That's what they're all about. There are your one stop. Shop your more space for your place. Place with an absolutely worry for your post with spandee you're living space. Those know shows by the contractors and can happen. In complete work, no chance. They want expected bills. No worries about the job not getting done right. They take care of every, stinking last detail. They drop your blueprints. They get the building permit for your hand all the inspections. And strictly additions has got that easy, fast, and proposed to total customers had this faction. And the reason we go down this list all the time is to show you how simple it is. First call to schedule a free project of graduation to pull them at your home where a project estimator will determine the exact scope of your addition. Second schedule a bit of home to their convenience. You're going to get a detailed proposal and an exact price for your work. Third, select your finishing touches. Go to contract. Then number four, review the design architectural drawings. And fifth, last but most definitely not least, sit back and relaxes your dream edition moves ahead on schedule with unbeatable quality. It's a piece of cake. They make everything so simple for you. Their license they're insured they want to do a super job for you like they do in for George. Look for their add in the yellow pages. They serve all a proud and south Palm Beach County as well. Call right now, for example, at 9.5 or like an hour and a half. Call 9.547918100. Be sure to tell that old Neo-Toded call strictly additions. 9.54718100. My and local, we're sports video 560's you a. Yeah. It's off. It's me fired up when I hear someone say that. It's 11.560 WDQM. Next hour is our big noon to one hour. All comedy bits all hour. This morning for those people with no sense of humor. 277 votes which group has made the most progress in the West in the past 100 years. Well actually anyone, women 78, that's where the races between blacks and what about black women? Hey, what do they vote for? Hispanic 33 Jews 30, Gaze 30 and Catlich 25. What about Gaze Jews? We should have like more categories on the notion that we're Hispanic Jews. Maybe tomorrow. Black percentages. Speaking of that Orlando Gay Rights measure gets preliminary approval. Gaze and Lesbians are step closer to being added to these cities anti discrimination protection laws as the Orlando City Council Gay Elementary approval of their inclusion. Yesterday, Council members voted for the three in favor of the measuring gaze and Lesbians during a preliminary vote Monday night after an eight hour public hearing that includes 75 speakers if we're proving a final vote December 2. The measure would add such a orientation to blister classes already protected by the city including race, national origin, religion, gender disability, age and marital status. Employers would be prohibited from denying jobs landlords would be allowed to turn away writers and public accommodations wouldn't be able to deny service because of a person's sexual orientation. Businesses with fewer than six employees landlords would less than four units, churches religious groups and proper clubs would be exempt. The choice you make today is a choice between protecting gaze from discrimination or protecting those who would discriminate against them said Councilwoman Petty Sheen who was openly gay mere Glendo Hood voted against them as you're saying the city already was accepting of gaze and Lesbians if you said they're already accepted in the hood. This is a city that does respect that worst life thousands of the city that does accept different definitions of family puts it. I tell you one thing if all the people at Disney World vote passed no context, you know? Yeah, let's get Mickey on a phone. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line on a great Wednesday. I'm scared to come down a little bit now. See, I like I said I'm pissed off and fired all right there. See we thought that the guy got it that they were more like the thing about the way I dressed and I'm sloppy and the work him would have rickled shirt every day in the same stuff for seven months and then we had the thing with a ginger rod using Haggador and we thought, okay, this is fine. Call me whatever it had you want. Let's have a little given take a little back and forth and understand it's a radio show. But it always seems to come back to this business. There's a point to me proven here that on the guys of stick he's a racist and let me ask you this if we had any complaints today and two hours about any of the stuff that we play. No, hooking from where? I'm talking about from our audience from people who voluntarily without a gun to their head, voluntarily listen to this program. I'm not talking about outsiders who are Ojo and Provacoturum who are just trying to stir up a bunch of crap who don't even listen to the show. I'm not talking about them. I'm not talking about people like Dennis who desperately mental help. I'm not talking about him. No complaints. I can make play a couple of things specifically just to see if anybody was pissed off and fired up in the answer was, oh no. It couldn't give her credit yet it they understand it. Student come on here every morning the rest of your life, Mo. I've got you on his radio station and continued screaming the same sad song about this guy as the racist and this guy's an evil guy and her coupons this and papa papa papa. Your small potato's Mo. That's one thing we discovered this morning for sure. You are a small potato's. Here's a lady in Hollywood. Hello. Hey, you. Hey, this man. Hey, I have a couple of things to say. First of all, I want to thank you for sharing your life. I'm going to talk about all of us listeners. My mom has to go for colonoscopy. So this is how long I've been listening to. Brown. Brown. It's a couple of years. And back when you didn't know it was going on you had all that IBS and you had a call. They have. You're at a life. And I know. See, and you share your life with us. You open up and this idiot Mo. Excuse me. Have to come and be as mouth you and here's what happened. I said, Mom, I think that's why. Wait, wait, wait, wait. I don't hear if he badmows me. He could badmow me all he wants me. He's not anybody. But don't try to paint me as being some kind of a big, like this show doesn't belong on here and try to stir up stuff that's bad for the radio station. It's bad for business. It's the retin somebody with a bullet over the air that have gotten sued right away with a gotten escorted to jail. I mean, please, that was unheard of. Okay, number two, look. I got a great conversation with my mom because of you, Neil. Whether you are doing it for the money or you say you're not getting nothing out of it, just let you know. My mom is 80 years old. She was going to have to go through an invasive operation or however you do that, I be a sur. You know how you got to go to all that. Back to him. Because of you, I said, Mom, I'm asking your doctor about the new procedure. I heard it on the AM station. Then I had to explain to a Catholic 80 year old woman that I listened to, Neil. Oh, oh, wait. And why did you put on your survey today, men? Because I think that men advanced far more than anybody in this world. And no, I'm not a mean woman. I don't understand that. Men are not discriminated against, so at least not white men. So that's why they advanced a lot more than anybody else. But that wasn't the point of the poll. The poll was people who have been oppressed up until see what I'm saying. That was the point of the poll. Well, how can the oppressed people advance? 80's. Okay, and closing. The reason why that woman on a lot at the golf tournament is because if the men see big tits, go miss her shot. I love you, Neil. Have a great day. Have a great day. Woo. 560, 505, 60, pound, 5060 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. That was great. And maybe she's got a point. The illness in. That happens at Treasure Island all the time. I don't hear his camera at Hello. That was a great call, Neil. That was outstanding. We could back to the house. The dolphins and fish guarder. Yeah, right. Yeah, Chris and around. Exactly. Here's a North Lauderdale. Wait a minute, I'm on a wrong line. Like I said, here's nobody. Is there anybody on here? Hello. Oh. Yes. Oh, I'm the only one doing. Good. I was question. Oh, they just said, the godfather is in a mine. The movie. OK. The godfather's face should have been part of one. Because I'm kind of confused over the part too. It's part two is you're better off to get the whole saga and watch it chronologically. Because the godfather two goes back. It before when he was growing up in Sicily. So, so, he don't is the godfather. Right. Oh, okay. Thank you. Man, I realize you don't look like him. But the Robert and Ero becomes a Merlin Brando. I know. It's a stretch. In a stretch a little bit. But you don't look too much like Merlin Brando. And he don't speak with cotton in his post. But other than that, they look exactly the same. Let's let him go. You get old. Uh. Uh. 560, 750, 56, 55, 56. He was so good in that. I don't care what anybody says. And I still don't think they had a good cotton in his mouth. He talks like that anyway. I don't think we've reasoned together. Anyway, well, now how the hell can you tell? He must weigh what? 800 pounds now? He's an iron. 4 Marlin, we're counting the days. He's on the Death Watch, Marlin Brando. Him and Dom Dellawees. Who have a lot more in common than you might think. Here's 4 Laterdale, hello. Hi, Neil. How you doing? Okay. 2 questions. Number one, you're obviously, you've got a tremendous radio show. What is your opinion of the following? Dr. Laura Show, Joe and Mack, Randy Rhodes, and... Go away. Wait a minute. Let's slow down. Okay. What's my opinion of the following based on what? Dr. Laura is a temporary. Dr. Laura, but first of all, she's not a contemporary. She's just an evil bitch. You saw how long her TV show lasted about five minutes. Right. She's just an evil, hateful, right wing bitch. And don't belong on here. Now who the other ones? Joe and Mack, Randy Rhodes. Joe and Mack. Yeah. Joe and Mark overnight. I don't hear their show. Really? Okay. I hope I'm open there to do one. Randy is... Wow! To me, she's... She's lost it. She's just lost it. She's become a political maven. And she's a political expert. And I'm going to change the world. And I started doing that for a few months. And I decided, hey, it ain't going to happen. And Phil. Phil's great. Phil's unique. And what was the last great movie you saw that really touched your bones? Did it touch my bone? Yeah. I mean, your emotions that really... Let me think about it. Okay. Get that other call. It could be Edmund Man. Get the other call. It's the last great movie I saw. That one was chocolate of all time. No, that wasn't a great movie. It was pretty good movie. What that was it called? Yeah. And how come I hear this echo now? Is that on that phone line or what? Wait a minute. What does that happen with the phones? I have no idea. Everybody dropped out of ones. No, no. They didn't drop out of ones. So, Carlos, I know you're new kid on a block. But they didn't just drop out of the block. That's what I meant. Oh, brother. Here we go again. More QAM incompetence. Alright, there's nothing we have to deal with. It's on on this and folks. Everything. See, that's the thing that a maze is made. It shouldn't have made the audience because they've heard me bitch about it for so many years. But here I am sitting in Toronto. I have this nice little studio they build up here. It's everything you could want and then some. It's almost perfect. And every time we have a technical screw up, is it on this end? No. No. Everything's working here just fine. Every single time it's on that end. No evil gremlins in the other studio doing anything with the phone. By the way, no, it just had a brain fart. Or more likely, didn't I tell you on that one crawl? It sounded like our old, the bell south business again? That's what it sounded like to me. Nobody will ever, not that I'm paranoid you understand. But nobody will ever convince me that we don't have people at the phone company that dick with our phone lines. Somebody will ever convince me that. Now you've been doing a show like, you know, the fillings and the summers for three years. Now what do you think? I think bell south haces. Yeah, I would say so. Hey, by the way, if you're listening, Spirile can't moron, you'll care not full of anybody. Spirile is Canton, whatever it had your name is. What's his name? Species Canton. And my internet at home is still screwed up. Yeah, and his internet at home is still all screwed up. Thanks to Bell South. Okay, Spirile, A-News, whatever it had your name is. Gotta go back to channel six or four, whatever it had you were on. You know, so all these guys, they come out of us, being flunky reporters at some TV station, and then they become like, you know, spokesman for the police. How about like our good buddy there? One man to get out of him. The parrot on May or Pink of the Canes shoulder. Brother. What a bitter disappointment he turned out to be, huh? But you know, why if he's making a few bucks more power to him? So, you think? Yeah, more power to him. Now, come on, stop being such a hard ass, will ya? It's all about the money. Just give him a money. Look at this, they can place where and you just got that big fat new contract. What are you thinking about? I don't know. Didn't come through you? No. Well, call up Norma. Maybe she's taking a 10 minute break from her Fag magazine over there. And for writing with her boyfriend or does that silly show on Sunday morning's that Fag radio show? Maybe she's taking a little break from that between fantasy baseball. Like I said, but I kind of called about Saul Fusty that he brought tears to my eyes. I could have been a contender. I could have been on a year 8 million radio stations. I could have been making millions and millions and millions and millions of dollars. I could have been like a real force, a real major mover and shaker and Quakers. Instead of a bumble. Instead of just a piece of crap. I'm WQA in Miami. For the bunch of management people running around. Who can't even control that silly old man with a bad hair piece in the Coloss� bag. That's the thing that really frost my ass. They can't get control. Just when you think they got control, everything bustles. That bag flops wide open and you got crap all over the place. Like this morning. Three hours, at least what I heard of it an hour and a half. And I'm sure there was a lot more than that. How long did that go on Carlos? Did you got there? I'm sorry to that again. You know the conversation about that very major story about the radio station in Portland, Oregon. Was that still going on by the time you got to work? Well, they mentioned it like one more time. Yeah. But mostly it was the Augusta thing. So in a son of the woods, we had at least an hour and a half, maybe two hours. About a story that was about as big as your, as your, as your, Pumic here. Just to prove the point, just to keep the pot boiling about this racist nasty, miserable son of a bitch. That's doing mid days here on QAM. And like I said, get that check in the mail. 1113 at 560 WQ and there's never been a better time than right this moment as I'm speaking. To buy you a new home or refinance you're existing home. How about this? How about a way to 3.95% son's good to me? Financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95% and all you have to do is make one EC phone call. Confinential group's D3. The money you're going to save is absolutely. That's what it is. You get a $100,000 loan pay only $450 bucks a month. Get yourself a $200,000 loan and pay only $950 a month. The process is simple and you're going to save yourself a crap load of cash every year. So call our good buddies if financial group had 1-800-940 land. And after you talk to them, I'm sure you'll say, hey, I need a static weight idea. There's never been a better time to get you a low interest rate than right now. So call financial group and you'll be on your way to save an crap load of money. Like I just said only moments ago. Financial group is an equal housing letter. Credit restrictions do apply and rates of sub-utgy change of column now toll free. 1-800-940-LAND. That's 1-800-940-5363. My my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my. This is for 3-05-60. Yeah. The fact in the third ladies and gentlemen. If I could offer only one tip for the future. Act strange and people will leave you alone. The rest of my advice has no basis more reliable than my own me and the inexperience. Put a slinky round your neck and try to walk down stairs backwards head first. Sit naked in a large bowl of rice crisps and singing feelings by the kernels go snitch crackle and pop. Go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your head to the hole where they say how much. Link stranger. Tell them you're from Bosnia and you're a country to sign a respect. Take lots of pills. One of them might work. Occasionally as the stranger they've heard anything from Lewis. Be annoying. During an IRS audit. Stable the guys hand to his desk. Moon. A funeral. Play go fetch with a scene I dog while he's working. Run naked through a mall yelling. Kill a bees. Kill a bees. Say the word titty without smiling. Try to figure out who said polysures should start in movies. Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should work with. Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries and try to make a run for it. This appears for great lengths of time. Try to touch your forehead with your tongue. It may not work but many women will appreciate the effort. At a high school reunion tell your old English teacher that your dog still eating your homework. Ask Mark McGuire. I'll take a million dollars for one of his balls. Try to find the secret to Karatop's success. Understand your conception was an accident that your parents got wasted and wanted a few more last before they passed out. Try not to lose your finger in your nose. Take a bath cost list and pass them on a long next door. Go on a car trip with Bob Custlis and force of the state as Karatzi. Try to dribble about costs. Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness. Knowing you, you've done some crap that's really pissed them off. Wish no real will to anyone unless you don't like them. Then screw them around their own. Realize anyone who says they're completely happy are completely full of crap. Ask a hell's angel if he's a woman or has he always walked like that. Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them. Just nif an old lady. Imagine gomarpile and a gay bar trying to get lucky. Do this without laughing. Find what's left of your innocence. Understand it, embrace it, protect it. And it is so often taken out for a nice nish. Karatop not to care. Humb while you eat. And people will eat you alone. Love it 205-60 by request from chronic Teddy. Oh man, is he a chronic fancier or what? What? 560, 0560, pound 560. Why do you want to hear that? I think you may be proud to play it over your strength. His taxes for a day are to ease. He means well. He just says no life. Here's Weston. Hello. Tell South, I need you, Neil. Okay. Well, I'll sit down. I'll sit down. I'll sit down. As you said, someone's thinking with your lines. They're digging with the hand. Let me ask you a question. Is Mohour gave us a z-white or z-black? Why are the phones snow? Because all the billboards around town, I just haven't quite seen the picture yet. Yeah. One other question here. I'm getting married to a Jewish girl. And I wanted to teach me a couple of those same Jewish words. Such as... Oh, hey. Yeah. 560, 0560, pound 560 on EAT. See? And for Eisenhower, let's line. Oh, man. Now, these people got the good crap today or what? You know something, Neil? You made a good move getting those calls back. Even a little Tommy Jicker might write about that someday, but I doubt it. Sorry, I was sucking your ass about that all those months. Oh, brother. I mean, these calls today, especially have all days when you think that maybe somebody might bring something to the table. And then he would all of his fruers flying. All of his crap is going on. And it's the same old crap. Because, like I've told you before, anything that I'm talking about. Now, yesterday, we did have the only thing that got him going was that Augusta thing. All those macho-man calling in. And now that I think about it, we did mention Mill and regard of that. I mentioned a couple of times the fact that, but not just him. I didn't just single him out. All the sports nerds on this radio station. Oh, when you know those pain in the ass, women and all these militant women's groups. It's kind of the new. It's kind of the new. It's kind of the new. Nothing new is whether they got more important things to be working on or not. It has to do with discrimination and it has to do with a place that's blatantly discriminatory being promoted by a major news network. But the New York Times is right. If Tiger Woods just said, I believe women should be admitted and go a step further and say, unless they have one woman member by April. I'm not playing next year. That's all you have to say, by, by known, date sign-up of a woman today. They have a member by noon. I could bet your life on it. Who did be kissing or ass? He'd be kissing or hooters. And probably like in it too. 560560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Hialia. Hello. How do we know that every time it's this Hialia, every time. Here's Kendall. Here he goes out of control. Again. Back again. Think you're more wringer to get past chuck, by the way. I see. 560560 on the AT&T and T. But he likes you a lot. Oh yeah. That's the important thing. Here's Miami. Hello. Anyhow you're doing this. Okay. You know what the problem with those women golfers is that they're all ugly looking. And I keep looking. If they were hot chicken, thongs or something, they would be admitted immediately. They'd be welcomed with open arms and legs. Yeah. You've seen any of those women playing golf, man. Yeah. Or ugly itself. Thanks. Yeah. This is a bit you were playing before. It was open to show. Man, that was outstanding. I need to hear that again today, man. Which one is the reality? Which one? First one. The one you opened to show with. I had it heard that one before. Oh, the bomb dropping the bomb? Yeah. That one was good. Okay. You got it. Okay. Thanks. Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, five, six. The pound five, six, the only a table. I'll include that in our middle. Between noon and one of a whole bunch of wonderful stuff. We play. Huh? Like I said, no more chances. Okay. We gave you a 700 chances. At least I did anyway. I can't speak to anybody else. I gave all of chances. And we're on sure far too many. Far too many. He's back. Give the guy a little bit of space. Oh, he understands it now. He's playing with the thing. You're a Dutch sloppy dresser. Have a little bit of fun. Great. But the comeback is always the same thing. Always the same thing. This man is obsessed with proving to the world, including everybody in their brother who didn't even listen to the show or this radio station. That we got a guy in the midday who's a racist and that you have him ought to be pissed off and the dolphins next. They ought to be pissed off and her coolings ought to be pissed off and who else? And the Panthers ought to be pissed off. That's just what they need is get the Panthers pissed off. Yeah. We want them at the Bronx. And how about popular park and they should be pissed off? And Reverend Jones, he should be pissed off too. He should be so upset he should turn at damn baseball cap around. Just ask back where. Although Dick Fimer said he already did. 26 after 11 at 5. 60 just marked the day down in your calendar November 20th 2002. The day that the crap. We draw the line. Okay, just wait till we drop the bomb. You'll be swallowed for six months. Okay. We're going to get fat boy. Josh Friedman. Fat rich. And engineering Julio. To drop when a bomb a grand day right outside that studio about quarter to six tomorrow morning. Just wait. You wouldn't smell nothing yet. Speaking of a mess, how about dry concepts? So they like to come to your home and clean up even the worst looking mess in the world, especially on your flow. If your carpets are looking nasty, maybe they don't even smell so good. Long guess what? Better get with it because it's all right in November 20. The holidays are coming which means people are going to be coming to inspect your home. That's right. They're not just coming to hang out with in eat your meals and stuff like that. They're going to be looking around because anytime guess, especially relatives come in, they check everything up. Inside and outside and down. And if you want your carpets look at installing just like brand new, dry concepts to do it for you. Check out their website, dryconcept.com and read about how they do it. It's an exclusive pen to dry cleaning method whereby they suck out even the deep downed in the fibers of your carpets, which leaves them looking and smelling just like brand new. In fact, they smell a lot of fresh when they get done with a job and just a couple of hours they're drying your way to the rock and roll again. And they also do an unbeatable job of cleaning your furniture and drapery of spot dyeing. A fiber protection. Carpet repairs. In plant or a animal blood service like you've never heard of before in your life. The authorization and if you have a flood complete water damage restoration too. Nobody does it better or it a fairer price. You can be sure it's going to be a fair price because they give you a written guaranteed price before they even start doing the work. Tell them that old Neil told you to call. They'll understand because I've been using them in my home for over 20 years. Dry concepts call them toll-free 1800 2485071. That's 1800 2485071 clean today. Entertainment night not just as they're slogan it's their business at dry concepts. My life. Hey, look. This is sports radio by 60. I'm the one who ain't in the way. Don't you go back to Canada to bash it. It was a 94 Christmas at the soprano house. Not a quagil stirring. Now one frigum house. The kids were nestled. Those snuck in their beds. It's even like big pussy. Shout on the head. Went out in the driveway. They're all such a clatter. I call fury or I'm see what the house is. I'm out of here. Arrived with his guns out. Ready to shoot. When he saw some fat fest in a furry red soup. Whatever he was drinking. I made a must have been 90 proof. They not for nothing. But he was climbing all over my roof. I figured his guy must be working for the feds. So I call him my crew to come whack this guy dead. Hey, Christopher. Hey, Paul. Hey, calm man. Hey, Ralphie. Yo, Bobby. Yo, Silvio. Yo, Peter. Yo, Betsy. Get over here. And shove this guy's head through the wall. And whack away. whack away. Back away. It was coming out of chimney. We was about to do this fella. When I heard something. Holy crap. It's Carmella. I said, go back to bed. What are you about to come this guy? I ain't neck. Then I got to go look at him. It was all round, Ralphie. She ain't got to believe this. Why I tell like a, Ralphie. We just get ready to break Paul's knees. I looked in his bag. Was this a pleasant for me? So I pulled out the wrapping. I said, hey, this is cool. It's just what I want. I'm gonna go. Let's just get the cape left. What is that? So much. Yeah. I thought I heard one little glitch on here earlier. But now what a bitch. It's a technical glitch. And he got it. It got to be the distance. I never put it on. You use him for plate. Now there's no food on it. It's brand new. It just arrived yesterday. It's a matter of fact, Mr. It's brand new. And it must be defective. And that's a shame because I liked that cut. That was funny. I was enjoying it. Well, we'll try it again. Maybe a little later on. Or maybe not. Or maybe off the air. I'll try it. Let's see. Here's the fact. This is the more I think about it. The more it seems the lady from Boké has a point. There's absolutely nothing that Moké knew to hurt you emotionally because you live at all hang out. I can't think of one other person who has the ball to admit that an old fat, balding, ugly Jew-fag, not to mention to him many get to tens of thousands of people over here. Moké can't poke fun of you because you've been poking fun of yourself for years to the amusement of us all. The fact that he gets his panties in the water from your so-called stick is simply resolved his own childish insecurities. Maybe it's you if he paid more attention to growing up unless the feeding is owned incessibly out of control ego. He might just find me understand the satirical comedy of your show contains. Then again, it won't believe there's a cure for hopeless sports holishness. Or like that sports holishness. PS Rick and Suds update there is no Rick and Suds update. They're sitting on the beach they could be doing a hell of a show I guarantee I don't want to say what station of what time but they could be doing a hell of a show Rick and Suds. Grammy winning R&B singer D'Angelo had to be subdued with pepper spray after he resisted arrest on Mr. Meiner charges of aggressive driving another council police said enrichment Virginia. Good. Just a few police said they went to DiAngelo's suburban Richmond home after a confrontation he reported they had with woman at a gas station on Sunday. The singer whose real name is Michael Eugene Archer allegedly cursed that the woman and spit on her after he cut off. He cut her off in his sport you tell me vehicle police said. Yeah. Oh, I just like it's short one. Oh, DiAngelo allegedly resisted police as they tried to arrest him on they had to be subdued with a spray with pepper spray. Major James B. Bork said no relation to rape work. He taught him by the way how about those main police beating the brood blast lie. That's our win for this month. The 28 year old singer was released on his own regardless in spending a January 15 appearance in Chesterfield general court. He's also charged with assault, curse and abuse. What is that? Curse and abuse. The surdally contact and resisting arrest all Mr. Meiner's Bork said. Two years ago the angel received a Grammy for best meal R&B vocal performance for untitled how does it feel in the album Voodoo which also went a Grammy for best R&B album. How do you like that? I like it for the angel had a little bit of a point that it used the taser. Here's the lady in Hollywood. Hello. Yes ma'am. Hi, Neil. How are you today? I'm doing fine. I'm sick today. I have the stomachs loose. I won't be long but I don't think women should be allowed into the, I mean I'm a woman golfer. I'm not a weird looking diker anything but a woman golfer. I'm a golfer. I'm a golfer. They have a club that they don't allow men in. Yeah, and it's a nice club. Yeah. Is it televised by the CBC or tournament? I don't actually know. That's the issue. That's what it's all about whether the networks, whether it's sponsors, how to be subsidizing and whether the networks are in a lot of other important stuff to worry about. Well, okay. Have a great day. I hope you feel better. You too. It's more important stuff to worry about. That's right. Rose, a similar one on that bus. I'm in fact going back into back. We don't like that. I'm not buying that. There are certainly more important things. Just like when the elder got forced his way in there in 75, sure there were more important things back then too. Especially 27 years ago. Can you imagine 75 civil rights woman? It just barely started a few years before that. Civil rights act wasn't passed until 64. So it's been very easy to say to the elder. Hey, there's a lot more important things for you to be worried about than crashing your way into the masters. You need Rose got your own club. Don't you? And matter of fact, look what they're showing on CNN right now. They're showing his tennis tournament with the William sisters. Yes. Everybody over there at Wimbledon said one of those blue nose breads said, well, uh, we don't want to let no dark folks in here. Huh? Any darkies, any of you shards has played tennis. I don't think anybody sits still for a moment. It certainly wouldn't be on television anywhere. It wouldn't be on the BBC. It wouldn't be on the CBC. It wouldn't be on the CBS or NBC or anybody else. That's the point. Got it? Got it. And let me also ask you what else such a big deal about golf anyway. Good. We're going to get the same thing. Oh, but you don't understand, it's the longest continuing running tournament in the same place. Big deal. Five, six, seven, all these macho men who listen to QA and Molly sports. There's nothing about hockey, which is a real sport for real men. A great sport. They don't have to talk about it too stupid lazy learn about it. But golf, they know. What is that Teddy Botsov's Florida? Miami Springs, hello? Yeah, there are major health clubs that advertise on national television that don't allow men in the health clubs. Yeah. Yeah. What does that mean? That means it actually be allowed in those clubs. Okay. And next time we see in the T-Rome 2, get out of the ladies room and get back in a men's room. Okay, where you belong. See, all the twisted arguments, the twisted tortured, illogic that people would use to justify their bigotry. And again, look at where we're talking about, look at who we're talking about, who do Johnson and a bunch of blue-nosed southern red-nosed. That's what we're talking about, good old boys. We're not gonna let no bitch in here, I over my dead body. You hear? We'll float them all the way down to Aintree. For half the. I like to know where Aintree is like, she'd rapidly as just to post Augusta. Oh, yeah. Work on that. Work on that, Carl, let's get the old Georgia map out. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Line. Here's coconut creek, hello. Hey. Yes, sir. Uh, Neil? You're early here, you're early here. You're early? I hear you're just like you're a hot dog. Okay, okay, okay. There you go, when you're speaking about, I don't do that. I'm still laughing all the time, you know. You have a wonderful show, I don't care what these idiots say when they call. Yeah. Exactly. But a couple of items. That last fact that you read, that wasn't too terribly bad. There's something on this there, but anyway, so you did see this thing about Michael Jackson, Ryan Hangen's little baby. Yeah, we talked about it, sir. Yeah, I know you talked about, but I mean, that's his way of changing the child's dog and he's brought some, I suppose, on his pants, perhaps. Anyway, so, until next subject. Please. I never kind of. I'm sorry here. Please. Please. Please. Do you know who, well, times up. Twenty- two weeks. So we had problem with time, didn't he? And just as I was starting to lean so far after the right my chair was going to fall down, I figured I better sit back, everybody didn't take the break. Twenty-two-nune at five sixty-w-two-m is the simulating cause or back. Damn, let's hear it. The cause or back. God dang it. What a new-to-one hour is going to be really special today, you know what? Just like that corn and an entry. Sure is going to be special. Hey, I'll tell you, speaking of corn. I'll tell you a place where you're finding out what they haven't, at the Amal Coast. They have those baby corns. You know what I'm talking about? They're yummy. Hmm, I love those little baby corns and many of the Oriental delights there. The Amal Coast Chinese buffet you want a place to pick up. This is it. Three locations for you. They're in sunrise, north-timey beach and the newest one in Pemberg Pines. Six different delicious soups like Wanton, Wanton. And the egg flour, egg drop, and hot and sour and lots of others. And dozens and dozens of great on-phrase, not just Oriental flies, but all kinds of other good stuff too. Including Oriental Surf and Turf on a weekend. The York Stiftstake made two-year order with a gourmet center. That's a sizzling Asian grill. The featuring Teriyaki steak, shrimp chicken seafood, handcar, permit. Like I said, cook to your order. And the Amal Coast buffet always promotes healthy living and cooking because they don't use any. Colustle all the oils. You know what I'm talking about? Those fatty oils? Yes, and it. None of that. They don't use any MSG. No cornstarchs, no crap. And the buffet features a full salad bar, a new sushi bar. Freshroom cocktail and if you have any room left in the meal at the end. A gigantic dessert bar with piz, cakes, pastries. Ice cream with all your favorite toppings. This fruit even be heaven watermelon be sure in spit out the seeds. It's an unforgettable feast at the Amal Coast. They're in sunrise, Pine Island, 44th Street. On Collins Avenue, just north of 163 at North Miami Beach. And at the intersection of the flamingo and pepric roads in pepric piz. Amal Coast is set for reservations, take out and deliver your available as well. Call 9-5-4-57238-22. That's 9-5-4-57238-22. And look for the new Oriental chicken salad too. As part of that gigantic Amal Coast. Humanice buffet. 5-6-57238-22. The ring of the New York Times. QA-M. My God, your breath is beautiful. I'm a little fan of steak. My can of steak. Light into a every night. But don't use a turning helicopter. I'm a cook. It's the best of all of the lights. My daughter never gonna quit. To the lips. It is fun to get fire a body. Can celebrate. And it's good to do. O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O-E-O a four full unencumbered hours just the way we like him without those stupid asshole guest in there. Guy, a shickle Panther preview at seven, a path to any islanders from the sunrise, uh, off his depot, uh, macarina, uh, what else it is? Whatever it is. 730, 80 K from GA after the hockey game in Joe and Mark overnight. That guy that was called me asking me about all these different, uh, was analabad. Uh, I was trying to stay awake. Oh, are you sure I'm positive? Here's a call from a homestead, hello. Hey, how's it going? Great. Hey, real quick question for you. You still, I know you still smoke cigars, right? No, no, I do not. You don't anymore? No, they were tear my guts up. All right. Well, if you ever heard of that brand that's called the afterd period, is it the afterd cigar? No. Well, there's no. Is it a whole cigar? No, no after. Well, they have those two, but afterd. 20, 80, 80. Plastic cigar? Afterd. A, s, s. 80, 80. Yeah. Well, there was a brand out there called afterd cigar. I thought that was what's the idea with them? What are they all about? Well, there's the role with like different herbs and oils and stuff. And there are things like fatuty oil and stuff. Huh. Do you put it up your fatuty? I guess you do. And then last thing is that juices on the loose spotted across going candle. And he's got those corn rolls in his air now. Oh, hey. Woo. I take back my favorite corn was that one. And it's all Swiss and have a little piece of Swiss cheese now. Is that okay? Sure. What's the Swiss cheese music? I'm re-examining my entire approach to life. I really am. I was going to come back down there when I come back in a couple of months. I was going to walk into the bullpen there with my big Hawaiian shirt on that they sent me from pop at a park. You know, wait for the moment, guilty in there. You know what I'm saying? You know, I'm just going to be a human. There ain't no more humor, okay? I might actually put that shirt on and come to work in that day and also stand in a bullpen right there about the seven o'clock in the morning and flip them both the bird. Because that's my sentiments exactly. The bird of paradise? The bird of paradise. Now, be wearing me shirt of paradise. So kind of fits in. You know what I'm saying? Would I create a one music? He would just plan. Perfect. Cut it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's my any, hello. Yeah. Yeah. We're going to have to take care of him, Eddie. What's his name? We're going to be a lot of even a gallon of the bexel corporation. Even a gallon of the bexel corporation, which we're going to start posting their number on our website. We're going to start like sending people over there to see what kind of business they really do because this guy is just a little over the top. We don't mind a little bit of for quality, okay? But this guy is so far beyond. In fact, maybe we can get him in Dennis and a rubber room together because they'd be getting us packaged deal. Talk about two guys that need help. Real help. Eddie, Steve, whatever your name is this week. Chumbalaya. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Here's Vokha, hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm a little concerned about our friend Mike Keenan. He seems to be losing his mind with the referees in the adventure. What's going on? How can we don't have a, oh, yoke on the so-and-the-one? I don't have a, at least in A on the journey so they can argue with a referee without getting a penalty. Adam, I'll be honest with you. I watched very little of the Panthers. I saw, no, Adam, I'll maybe five men. I was watching Lee's Game last night, which they actually want to gain. Yeah, they'd be like ruins, I know. But you know, watching the Panthers, I hate to say this because they've actually got what 19 points now. They're a lot in the standings. They're better off than a lot of a start they would be. But keep in mind, most of their games have been against girls teams. That's right. Including the Leafs. And after games, they're like, you know, the Panthers, yoke didn't got a penalty. The other night, because he's discussing a call with a referee and they gave them a unsports and a penalty because he didn't have a sea of his jersey. Yeah. And he gets one a bench line up because he's not supposed to be talking on the referees. Well, I watched Columbus the other night, a little bit of their game would say, mine a blowing lead against Dallas. They got a point out of it. But I watched Ray Whitney Square their second goal the other night. He's got the Cione uniform. And I sure wish we had him back here. You know, well, that was my second point. If nothing else, there isn't anybody. I don't think they can give all the Lynch a sea of his jersey. But how about a ownership should realize that maybe they need to bring back someone that was here. They can put that on like a two-bar and they're with me. Well, there's nothing there. I can know those people back there with any chance. Well, we need somebody with a sea of his jersey. How many people have won? Okay. Good luck to us, pal. All right, thanks. Okay. Let's get that sea out there. That'll do it. You think it'll do it? No. Oh, hockey hockey hockey. That's what Bob Green said. Look at this thing. Wow. Oh, you see what's going on. Just threw it away. Yeah, guys. What? Nothing. I tried for him. No, it's a very long way. You think I should read this? Is it an entertainment? No, it's from Jeff Heiss, friend. Dave, get a life. There's so many people out there. You've got to stop. You have to stop. I can't handle that. I mean, I feel like 10 a day away from him anyway. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. If the audience could see how long this facts this all typed up in in small type knowless or a whole page, it must be 80 million words on here. And he signs that Jeff Heiss, friend, David, which is guaranteed that as soon as I see the who wrote it, I'm not going to read it. Get in a life. You idiot. I have no life. You simple to have no life. You chubby chaser. I have no life. Jack and I have no life. Get out of here. God damn it. I have no life. Yeah, we know that. Tim and Dennis and who is the other one? And the Eddie. Oh, yeah. Steve. Steve. Steve. Steve McGowan. Steve McGowan. And the fat Julio. Shutting. Oh, and the fat Julio shut in the course 14 times. You can dish it out at edge or just a spec. And everything, he always like kind of like whisperers. You know, kind of like an I said my whisperer. Man, it's retard OCD, baby. We chart OCD. And let me say one other thing. Here it is. It's almost noon. We've completed nearly three hours. I started the show this morning. I played the Abonics graduate. I played the Marcie Gray thing. And we had anybody who called this show. I'm not talking about calling it some other show to stab me in a bag. Have we had anybody who called this show and said you're a racist and those things you play are terrible. Anybody? No. No. Not one. In fact, we didn't have the one woman who says sometimes I say things or played bits or whatever that a fender and she turns it off for a couple minutes and then comes back. It's a free country. If you don't like it, turn it off. If this business of trying to misappropriate people that you don't even know, that's what we need to price my ass. This man knows me like we owe him for about two minutes. And all of a sudden he's an expert on where I'm coming from and I disguise things out of the guys. They're sticky. You're full of crap. Okay. As a matter of fact, now that I think about it, you are crap. Crap on two legs. The party ends today. Draw a big line at nine. That's my new motto. Okay. Draw a big line at nine. That's the dividing point because we're on two. Remember that song two different worlds? Yes. Roger Williams and Jane Morgan. No, you don't. Hey, it's Roger Williams. You just have to play that on cap records. Two different worlds. Remember that? Mm-hmm. Awful. I mean, I'm about to use Lushy and Serapy. We live in two different worlds. The candy Williams had to play all of this. Forget about the candy Williams. Okay. He's my name is home business. He does that golf crap. Even Andy knows it's crap. He's talking about golf. Oh, brother. We're getting ready to bomb Iraq to wait to turn Lush whatever to hell kind of biological and chemical crap they got. And god only knows what kind of crap this lunatic we got out there in DC is going to turn Lush and we're talking about golf. We're talking about freaking golf. And we got a bunch of bull dikes trying to bust their way into Augusta. Like the guy Sam, I'm starting to turn on that, you know what? If that's the worst thing they have to be worried about with all the kind of discrimination going on with these poor women slipping around the rest of the world with those brookas on, you know? These women get in circumcised. All this horse horrendous stuff that goes on. And they're trying to bust their way in there, but you're militant bull dikes. Now if I sufficiently go on both sides of that. Sure. Well, no. You need to be on the other side a little more. Oh. I say let him in. Here's my M.E. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Good evening. Right on a border. Yeah. I'm going to join the show this morning. Yeah. I saw my photo was, uh, who? Here we go. Got to be. Alien. Yes, sir. Oh. How's that they're doing? Get us happy meal today, Ed, or what? Yeah. I love when you were involved with us, you deserve it. He loves the survey. The thing that he's doing is show. My God. And what? He doesn't mad dog. But let me ask you. Are you a dark, complexed person? Well, you have to answer. And you guys, do you find this show offensive? No. I appreciate the humor. It's enlightenment throughout the course of the day. Well, thank God for you, sir. I'm going to say if I had the money, I'd send you a million dollars cash in a meal. I appreciate it. But it's not a good answer. Go ahead. Okay. I'll have the same question. Yes. The Mickey Mouse did. You got it. Thank you, sir. I appreciate it. And have a great day and thanks for the suck job. I like that. There's a dark guy that likes the show. See, we don't have any complaints. That's the point. 20 is six and a half years in this market. The audience gets it. Even those people have a bit offended a year ago or five years ago or ten years ago. Now they get it. For radio show. Have a few laughs. The world is depressing. There's all kind of crap going on. Every day we got a yellow light in the groan's light in the blue light in the red light. And we're trying to give the people a few laughs. And we got some crap head on on legs. That's wobbling around. Nobody's leaky. Colossus can be bagged. A bad hairpiece. Try to like, um, misinterpret what the show is all about for fun and profit in his own amusement. Because he's a hard ass. And I don't understand how sitting on a bag like that all those years. How can you still be a hard ass? Can you explain that to me? Drought me a diaphragm. Why do you draw it? Let me tell you about Tom Lamin and my good friends at Hall of Pontiac GMC. We're proud to announce the great Neil Rogers Neil the old zero percent sale. They love us at Tom Lamin at his place. Now let's just play his name on it. Tom Lamin Pontiac. Forget about that. Hall of stuff. You heard me right with a proof credit from GMAC gets zero down payment in zero percent financing and all 2002 and and 2003 Pontiac and GMC models plus zero payments for 90 days. Or take a rebate at Hall of up to five grand. And as always zero hassles at Hall of Pontiac GMC. And don't forget to mention you heard about it here on the world famous Neil Rogers show. And when you mention Neil, you'll save even more. Check out the complete line of great GMC gas-buzzling SUVs. Including the on-voi loaded by motor trend as SUV of the year and the all-new Pontiac vibe. That's got the power of a nifty sports car. And they've got a humongous selection of dependable use car structures SUVs. Somebody turns you down for credit. Don't slap all over town waiting for somebody to approve your head straight for Hall of because they'll cut you a deal. Right now it's the great Neil deals zero percent sale at Hall of Pontiac. 134-01 South Fixie Highway. That's on US one right across the street from the prestigious falls open every day seven days a week. For more information call the Neil the O'Hotline 1 triple 8-534 42 114-1211. That's one triple 8-534 42 114 Hall of Pontiac GMC who insist on saying that we have no idea why we are professional grade. We are sports video 5-6-4. You a yeah. Go Mr. Boots. And I've visited the Dwayne Warner now. Eisner Mr. Mouse. What the hell are you doing to me? What do you mean sir? Why am I reading in the paper? You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn? Well sir we're just scouting locations. Jesus I'm scouting CEOs you are killing me. What sir will we've done with New York City Times Square? Point out. Point out. Point out. Bring it. Bring it. Pull off the bathroom plan and leave us. Get the blue burn all the air. Okay boss. Fights are full sir look what we've done with Midtown Manhattan 42nd Street is incredible. I want publicly I support it that but you took all the part away you can't me. I'm going through Gaviscom like kids. We're just scouting areas calm down. Want to be bought much. Don't tell me to calm down. We have lucky with we low in state $128 million. No you're trying to ruin the whole network. We're kind of programming are you running? I think I'm in. Hang on a minute. Three months. Yes. Yes. Go blue burn crap all over your shoulder. Wait yourself up for heaven's sake. And can't open the bottom plate. Look at you. Good God. Sir the network is fine. Why couldn't you come up with American Idol? Good God you're still running James Bob movie. They're 60 years old. Why don't you just put steam bomb will ya? I want to be done with it. Wait sir. It make a couple of damn dollars. Well the movie division's fine. You mentioned we were in station now. We have the new M9 Chumman movie coming out later this summer. Oh, I don't know. What the hell does that mean? Stop sign yield. You're going to start swinging some of these part of past me. Please. Oh. What do you mean? Reem. Reem. Reem. It ain't evil. I know you can't hear me. Reem. You're still running a fucking plan. Here's a level of the room. Thank you. You're all here. Reem. Take that bullseye, sir. Oh. All right. I sir. Yes sir. I'd be very careful the next time I started my car. Why were you? What do you mean? I'm about done with you. What? I've done. Sir. I'll put him on your job. Put sir. You're terrible. I'm sorry. They're not put limits in there. I don't like to be president of Disney Reem. Oh my. What a wonderful day. Get out of here. You're nothing. I believe we're ready now, Miss. Congratulations with the Jackson. Here's your new baby boy. Would you prefer a paper or a plastic? Just a kiss. I can't wait to get your own showroom and show you your new class of life. You're my day to finish, baby. Oh. What a lovely way to protect you like my therapy. You're young. I'm a patriotish baby. Super. You won't need a grip because I've got a up close to fear. Oh. I want you to hold me. Oh. To produce and grow up late. Whoever you get all your desire will. My lovely, unswally. I'm too late for a team. There might be a triggers daily. What? Come on. Sit on that as well. You have the game to play with you. Daddy wants you to pack the magic through the rooms. Oh. Shuffle. All right. Welcome back to the dazzling B spectacle of the Mojavanan baby in the show. Where I work very, very hard. The provide use with intellectuals, what whole amusement is. Ah. Get up. Yeah. Chocolate. Don't let them go. This is the big thing. When I dropped the bomb. Oh boy. You go to bomb. It's my understanding. Because metal is almost down the wall. Don't know who I am. See? They think they got me lit. Well, they did get you ready. Shut your mouth. No. You can go now, I'll kill you. Yes, you may. Here you go. This is it. Which boat? Any other? No, kiss it. Okay. All right. Now, where was we? It's dropping to bomb. Stop. Oh yeah. Well, actually, I got two bombs. Yes. As I like to go them, little boy and big boy. Just like the bomb, I might not all have jumped in slopes. Those bombs think they got one over on me. Why else? Show them. Tite. All right. Here's the poist one. As a twings out, you're taking the only loving name, George, at this square hour over here. No. He has an affinity to guy's name, George. Oh. Sure. When he hit it, now I got this from a highly trusted source. Yeah. Give me some fanfare. Here's stupidity. I want midday, forget friend. Had intimate affair with George Mahabharas and George Nader. Yeah? Well, that's it. That's the bomb. You're so goddamn stupid. You know that. Yeah. You ain't hard not yet. Now, here's the big boy. It just so happens how it's dying is a very close and peaceful friend of mine. Yeah. Why, certainly. He's been got his father's security. Go miles from me. Like that Heather brought on Fox News. Wow, really? They'd let me tell you. She gave me full service. I blacks on the balls, the wigs. So what about Hollywood, Bo? Huh? Hollywood, don't you not for Kumi that. Ha ha, watch out. Anyway. Have a favor for me. Just this thing is having a steam of a crutch hit right. It's rip that crap out of that pipe smoke around there. With that rolling comedic stylin. Yeah. I guess what right here? They're just they get things started. Roll it. Nice. Good, guys. You're hot outta the big. And they're queer. The stick. And they're queer. Fair house. Black monster. Black monster. Black monster. They're so crazy. Well. Because you don't know. Be a rational. The boy lighted. All right. That. Harder. Five. Eight. I've never done this thing. A verdade. It's pretty like three. You just have one hit. And I've never done like that. That ought to pick there is. Yeah! Isn't you? Just the other bone of my ass. That's right. Okay. And move the pegs out of the way. That's better. Here's your footage and dumb bastards. SIL! I will bless them a soul with wrongly some Marie. Now we got a perfect up the family tree. You're just spinning in my grave and I'm about to throw up. I'll take yous ass. If I could get dug up home. Yeah! I will my ladies a rarer and mom's fell off. To cold in the grave of a nasty cow. But he ain't gonna pop up in my butter cup by both the sand. If I could get dug up home. Mmm! Well, break his jaw and give him two black ass. The noseless way of two its original size. I'd bleat your skin till he's all gone. I've been the mobile chiploops, I'll sold to me. You're fable ripper, you love me. Bring a backhold to the cemetery. There's a lot of love and pity by the god of beat up. But I can't. I will suck you dug up home. Oh! Mmm! Ok, there's some butter digged meat of shit. No one embodies the holiday spirit better than Gordon Whitefoot. Uh, really? You bet. And now, Gordon Whitefoot takes his best known son. The wreck of the Edmond Fitzgerald and gift wraps it around your favorite carols to create his new holiday album, Gordon Whitefoot, and it's a great song for the Christmas. But it's a song for the Christmas song. But it's a song for the Christmas song. Yes, Gordon Whitefoot is coming to town with a slayload of songs like this. It's Gordon Whitefoot's song with a slayload of songs like this. It's Gordon Whitefoot's song, and you'll want to beat him like a drum when you hear his rendition in the little drummer boy. Gordon Whitefoot has compiled a holiday music collection, you'll wish with sing to the bottom of Lake Superior. Your friends and family will pray for a silent night when you put on Gordon Whitefoot's sing's Christmas. I told you he's the best in that. Yeah, that's what you said. And he's Canadian, and he's still alive. Gordon Whitefoot, they can't get rid of him. Here's the recipe for Italian money soup from our good close friend Rich Pankter. Thanks a lot, Rich. But I tell you that she's related for me, and I feel so much better now. Got a little energy back. Speaking of eating, Thanksgiving's coming in just a matter of days, everybody flocking home to be together again. Gathered around the table with delicious homemade food and family traditions. After all, it's not the turkey that makes the meal special. It's the people. Getting ready for the hungry guests can be a real pain in the ass, especially if they're staying overnight. If you're having a household for Thanksgiving, let data mattress make you holiday preparations a little bit easier. Now is the time to call 1-800-MAT. Kristen get that new mattress in me for house guests get there. If they already told you they're coming up here from the night before, data mattress can deliver a top quality ceiling, service Simmons or Kingcroll mattress, the very same day. I've been sleeping on a dial mattress for years, and I'm still alive. How do you like that? So call the mattress right now, toll free, 1-800-MAT. Talk turkey with a bed and consultant that's used from the very best mattresses, and even better prices. Rest easy along with a whole gang of this Thanksgiving, knowing that everybody is sleeping comfortably. Give ready for the holidays right now by calling the mattress toll free, and please be sure until that old meal and pet boy, told you to call it not necessarily in that order, 1-800-MAT. That's 1-800-MAT TTRES for dial mattress brand namebed, same day service, call them now and be sleeping like a baby tonight. Oh god, so you're going to talk about your life, and where are you going to be? Oh god, what are those on your feet? What else? Felix. What else? Felix. You just said kiss my ass. Oh, I'm sorry. Don't be sorry. Hey, what's that around your waist? About spell it. B-E-L-T. You just told someone to f*** off. National Profanix Language Cusette Program National Profanix can have you cursing and Spanish, French, Italian, German and a host of other languages in just a few weeks So call 1-800 F*** you today because the most important thing you'll need to know about other cultures is how to tell somebody off Hey buddy, that's all CKS You know, retirement just wasn't my style So I began working nightstanders at Jan and Ernest Hall office building Just to keep visiting a gas prison pay his low minimum wage with any pay there's the big cheese now Hey, how you doing tonight? Hey, where are you? I do and you have it a pretty tough night. Yeah, yeah, night night You're gonna watch it and watch it and watch it game to me. Yeah, I'm at across the street free pizza beer night over there I'm pretty tough day to start watching the game with the fellas over to bar. Oh, yeah Well, I'm just gonna listen to it on this old radio here to and tennis kind of shaking under the big screen color TV over there It's best picture of me. Yeah, big screen color great picture I heard I did why I sure like to be you know, and you know I got all my work down I'm really here to your old one. Yeah, you're supposed maybe I could well, let's say what? I got my BMW and the garage I got a plopoot Nick radio and they're I can pick up the you can drive anything No, no say well get my car keys won't you clean out my car? I got our wick at the back seat. Yeah, I bet this is a I'll be clean up with us I'm anizer. I'll be back at about two hours and I'll maybe I'll bring you a piece of pizza, okay, dad Well, that was a thanks lot of here my keys and I'll be careful of the sprays a car and I'll be back about two hours Yeah, I'm gonna bring well you Ungrateful you asked or said you were worth what Hell, you can't be my son. Nobody's that ungrateful you I'll take your The staying BMW and run that mother Right into them damn living Nothing good someone's attention. I can good sorry Brought you by the national cursing foundation and remember our mother go Under Lisa Only I was the way you lost when Parker White is cause You did you know say he trust you, God believe you You fell out of the green or the moon But then he made you clear all the white house basil And the pussy could point it and then scrub the floor They tell you, don't wear sandals, God don't leave you You're gonna keep going, they'll make them more of rich and pure You'll never be naked, you'll smile, it'll be filled for all If you're being what you feel, that's no good When they while you be fit in fat aches, maybe not That they treat you just like your esfero That's when your head feels from the side of the leaf And to push and from it they'll be cracked as old So can ever, our home and neither cry High-possency will knock you on your head Oh, we've got a surprise when she fly Our sides we'll be clean, our clothes will sing And some legal drug according to her But then they'll buy no sing And some legal drug according to her But then they'll buy no sing And some legal drug according to her But then they'll buy no sing And some legal drug according to her But then they'll buy no sing And some legal drug according to her And some legal drug according to her And some legal drug went away So pick your shoes Such good boy is a wasps You don't call me up, O Toe Be Surprise and end up B day like I have lost my child And in I attain their compassion I don't provide 1975, when alone There'soj defined everyday With President 🐆 Oh, what I can do, God won't hold on And get to we all hold it more To all I am If you want this Don't go, though, if it's drunken, stupid me Don't go, though, though And this drunken rich kid Don't go, though, easy, then Some are then me Here's President come You don't care what it's all You got him here by a firm broad You're the Christian, right? No one knows if you and I Have a handful of fingers We've got a great leader here With President come President come President come President come President come Cool, cool baby, let's turn this mother out Pop the match rapper is on my TV No one heard of him before Or his name is Pop Daddy I said that pop the match rapper Or won't be here that long Not a blessing, learns the singled right of Frick and song I said pop the match rapper He's all over MTV Only because of one shut no boring FBI G that fat guy may be someone She tell him making it this way is wrong Hicking at your dead best friends He came Stop talking talk talk on the ball track Don't look, oh Jeff, they get that you in there Yeah, I am powering I'm making That you're correct? Why yes, the rapper is always in the finest of menswear I hope you don't mind if I borrow the adjacent stuff But what did you do in the stamp, Charlie? All I was in the area, no time to waste you know So let's new high boy I'm fat Yes, yeah Are we really up to celebrate? Or say how about them dolphin Yeah I guess it's true what they say What's that? Do you do do doesn't think why of course Always a delightful aromatic bouquet With the freshness of morning dew Each drop sliced with cigar cutter perfection Do they shape up our Hershey's kiss? Yeah Yeah, you know, is that molding? This is doing a wonderful job I hope you think that forced Brooklynies make some sounds so so knowledgeable Wouldn't you say Well, got to go 5 25 with 560Q, here's an interesting facts About our friends Steve, what's his name again? Megalya Steve McGalya from back cell, so I know him He rents high in professional video equipment like video colour collectors and time-based directors He's a rich-sporel asshole He only reads his company and still in business He's the only one in Miami who has the money to buy this stuff Every other company that rents this time to equipment in a real media center like New York and LA These items cost He plays them as little sandbox all day Which is why he has time to bug you Love the bits it says and mobloes I don't like that I like it So there's a little bit of insight into our good friend Steve McGalya from backstale Who's on this show at about half a dozen different voices I'll give you a sub-intercrab Sub-book, right in here Yeah There's a bit I can't wait to hear Also, it's coming up right after the break? Yes, and what is it called? Back at Orn in Ginger Alright! Alright! Right after the break From 26 at 560 WKOM speaking of Alright Mad Dog at 1 Let's basically even hear about fast train for a long time when it makes sense for you Will a faster, very simple even simpler than many of you If you have that education fast train can provide you with all the necessary training To become a certified computer professional According to Tom magazine that man for computer professionals Is going to continue to explode Like crazy The average student completes the training in just four short months Which means you can be working in a great new job before spring And you attend school just three nights a week Once you complete your certification Fast train can up the out and depending a new computer job And fast train invites you to come and visit our train career counselor And determine which track is ideal for you Is it the table you down? Maybe Jackson harness raceway Maybe a Saginaw Call fast train toll free it or maybe sports creek At 1-8-6-6 fast train to south and appointment With poor continued location There is bound to be a fast train right nearby you They're in candle Miami Pembroke finds it for a lot of deal And remember to ask the career counselor for listening to students just like yourself Well, are currently in their dream jobs making some serious bucks thanks to the training they got At fast train Call them right now there's no obligation to get out of that dead end job Call fast train at 866 fast train That's 1-866 fast train My and local Your sports video 566 you a Yeah For the angry puppy So for the finest in online casino given call 1-800-2-2 Call bits remember him don't read it it it it it it it it it it it for the fence Just a little old old Oh Get out there I'm still spri Now listen up to boy I'm gonna have bomb i dropped them to mouth-easy straight way boys over there Yeah, you sure show them Show them what Yeah, but I ain't throw it out yet see it just so happens I got another bomb the drop of it Like this Oh, not that kind of bomb anymore On This was a one second of a four Okay, what is it? Well as you knew Ginger Ratches does his show up in kindergarten Hey Yeah, but what you don't always Ginger in flies is loving that fangirl the corn But they're every weekend Yeah Fuck, gay son Oh, I don't believe what you're hearing here Then told the graven each other's deep eggs for years now Boy, that's some bomb I ain't throw yet stupid I paid a great deal of money to a fellow staff member who loves it in my opinion The leave ginger spot open last weekend you see What you're about to hear is that fight smoke and ginger rages and that train monkey I get the corn, they're fina gather in a romantic in red I want one That sounds like a real girl Help me One One One One One Let's do it I'm gonna do my own One Two Yeah No, you've got it I'm gonna do it I get the one I'm gonna do it I'm gonna do it I get the one I think it was a bomb This is a dead They sure are sweet on each other on days I got it I got it I got it I got it Oh fuck You're bad Oh fucker It's all a problem I'm not gonna do it Yeah Yeah I got it I'm gonna do it I got the one I got the one I got the one I got the one I got the one I got the one I got the one I got the one I got the one I got the one I got the one I got the one I got the one I got the one No That's so long ago I can still remember a movie That a guy who helped a pie I'm right I knew if I had the chance But I don't buckle and drop my pants And maybe I thought I would get this Try all those cherries made me quiver With every pump that I deliver Mad news if I got caught I didn't give it much thought That won't be an unneeded entirely With the mountains to climb my side Maybe that's something they should try In the net A magic A Vorell and Jim Roe Making fashionist manly love I love the wind you pick around my house So say you have a smooth butt you know that Oh thank you Your smooth butt Yeah Happy Where mommy is? Where mommy is? Where are you? I'm going to die Okay That's it Help Get out He's telling me He's the He's the Nice That's it He's my shield My shield Oh do I like my shield More than that man I like my shield Yeah I like my shield I like my shield I like my shield He's the He's the My shield I like my shield Yeah I like my shield Oh my shield Oh my shield Oh my shield Oh my shield Oh my shield Oh my shield Oh my shield Oh my shield Oh my shield There was a no farmer who lived on Iran He sat in the middle Just shaking his fist at some boys Who were down by the brick There feeding the water There hands on their marbles And play things and add that best for Their team a young lady She looked like a pretty young creature She sat on the grass She pulled up her dress and she showed them her ripples and laces And white blood thief done She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children So they would not spin While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling Reped you send later from yesterday's house While the girl in the middle Was rubbing her eyes at the fellow Down by the dark In the black-up man with a side of the whole home In the country with a big fence out front If he asked her bun like least she showed him her little That dog who was subject to fit And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender hands With a movement so quick And then she'd been over And suck on his candy so tasty Made a butter scotch And then he spread whipped cream all over Her cookies that she had left out on her shelf If you think this is dirty you can go F*** yourself He started out the regular guy Who joined the electricie And made the ultimate sacrifice And brazen sail a rusty father to Amen Bum, on and blue Black-um bun Barnard to Altar's voice He did As time went by his earthly means Compromises joy It's found the way to get really By Altar's young boys father to Amen Bum, on and blue Bum, on and blue Altar's voice He was happy and gay Till he got caught By some title sail Then the Vatican paid Everyone off and he did not have to go to jail Father no two Amen Bum, on and blue Bum, on and blue Father no two Altar's voice They sent him to a free street Where they jenn you plugged in prey If it was you Or if it was me They'd lock this up and throw the keys away Father no two Amen Bum, on and blue Bum, on and blue Bum, on and blue Altar's voice He did Father no two Amen Bum, on and blue Bum, on and blue Father no two Amen This hour's doing it for me I'll tell you I'm getting like a modestly firm 22 till 1 at 5 60 WCWM And we all have different products beer That's like being the pink of good health And all you made men training for a musk can help us About everybody Because these are advanced combinations of pharmaceutical Great Alavoak combined with good stuff Vitamins, minerals, urbals, other nutrients Scientifically decided to provide natural nutrition solutions To help you support specific health needs Look for all you made 3 new formulas they have Want to help you sleep Want to help you control your weight and coq10 Are using the benefits of the purest The finest olive oil on the face of the globe All you made is a great new product If you'd like to pick some up you can do it right now Just hit off to your nearest public's records or Walgreens Or if you want to get more information before you buy Call Oliumed tool free And 1 866 Oliumed That's 1 866 656633 Can also work their products online if you like At oliumenamerica.com And if you visit nearest publics and vinyl You made product and data-brower You can get you a coupon for a free Larry Cocher bottle head Dalwass supplies last Oh Don't forget to visit their sampling And prevent it to force down every Sunday When the dolphins are playing home games Pick up free Oliumed samples and product information And for good health start pop and some Oliumed in your post We'll soon The slime And lolll This is for sure you'll buy 60 You wait you way yeah Where you fudge back in? The pubs, mugs, dope The pubs, mugs, dope You got given the rest The pubs, mugs, dope You let just look in the eyes Don't come stop, stop He's a good wee head There's a part to stop The part to stop Follow me Follow me Oh yeah Y'all are misguided And do I attack? Welsin won't get felt on breath Jesus beats our back Jesus' faces super It'd be never shot on junk Futsin won't get done on life And prison church and church The pubs, mugs, dope You can't give him the grass The pubs, mugs, dope He likes his fucking ass The pubs, mugs, dope He's a good wee head There's a part to stop The pubs, mugs, dope The pubs, mugs, dope Oh yeah Oh yeah Oh yeah You got chicken to buy the thing They'll do bitch and they'll know what I'm So fuck that you take up hell And I should get into it Take them to the matting Choke for a moment, dope Futsin, choke and do it, took them Now I wanna smoke The pubs, mugs, dope Oh yeah Oh yeah Oh yeah Oh yeah He likes his fucking ass The pubs, mugs, dope He's a good wee head There's a part to stop The pubs, mugs, dope Oh yeah Oh yeah Oh yeah The pubs, mugs, mugs, dope O'clock with gitty high-l'all O'clock with gitty high-l'all O'clock with gitty high-l'all The pubs, mugs, dope Can't keep in the grind The pubs, mugs, dope He likes his fucking ass The world is about to come. In the career of the world, the world is about to come. The world is about to come. The world is about to come. The world is about to come. The world is about to come. Yeah! The world is about to come. The world is about to come. The world is about to come. The world is about to come. The world is about to come. The world is about to come. And that's why I think the devil has a cheap leadership season. And when will I tell you, you don't talk to like say you can talk? This is the beast. I said shut up, that's all. But you're like a father of me. You don't talk to Lam, don't talk. When I'm done talking, then you talk. Okay, I'll be coming. Come here. Come here. I must let me the front of my Mr. Goblin. Why are you here? I feel like I hate a business and a thing coming. This court sentences you to 20 years in hours. What you invoke? I adore a tag of my mattress. Looks like it will be your bookmates. The names of all our statements. Starrestage screen and paradise. What's your big old me, Kofe? You've got so panless. Thank you. Hey, you know, but it's so hard real hard. I'm just going to make you my wife. Stop. Stop. God. Who got you, Pinkie? Ah, it's your time. We got 10 minutes. What else do we safe in it? You both are. No man. You're not new in the play over there. And so. Only God laid. Here. There is a girl with extra wide jeans. And her chain or she's become. Oh, God. And she go.