Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you? My friend Bankie's been... My amy for the day of my life... I'm gonna be a champion! I'm gonna be a champion! I'm gonna be a champion! I'm gonna be a champion! I'm gonna be a champion! Thank you so much! You and me, baby, do it and play in this part since and please don't tell anyone that I am your cousin You and me, baby, let's do it like the Kennedy's I'll drown you and like you, like very jokes up back to me You and me, baby, can't do it like the Donna's and have a Latino gang bang if you want to All right Mustard house, baby, out, baby, hot as a Texas drought She'd be skinny if she'd stop up in the chocolates in her mouth Lay as a fan's around the world too, hidden and go when nuts Oh, was this cool and then be bird wouldn't give her two thumbs up Check out Howard, friend and lawyer and a purple hair Kim Bobby Trendy for something you'll sugar pie You know him, with ex-says, tables worth Yeah, they stumble one rags that don't bother and And she's laughing all the way to the bank Yes, and be, baby, she's got ratings that dazzle So just, they've used something they'd work and up on that Each channel She got bigger months and that, or baby And camel suggests, they've used something they'd work And up on that each channel I think we're starting to make some progress, you know? Yesterday and a couple days in a row was like Well, no, yesterday I guess was Geldie's pre-game football show But a couple days there was the train monkeys at Monocloch And now it's the audio version of C-Span We're starting to get some real publicity here from all you want on a Y Because he's got competition He does? Yeah, you forgot and so did I, starting to like, I'm the norm, can't The norma can't show October one Who actually promotes this show and uses my name Oh, good I think it's a little bit more like segue into that Especially after today's pool, we're going to be taking But nevertheless, speaking of pools yesterday we asked If the election for governor was being held today right now, who do you vote for? 900, what is it? 9801 votes almost a thousand votes in quite frankly Other than a little bit of furry for bush theory yesterday It was a little bit suspect It looks like most of them are for real Bill McBride 527 Jeff Bush 227 More Howard David 445 I wouldn't vote at all 82 981 votes So Blom McBride just blows away Jeff Bush and his crowd anyway Soon be any surprise So next on flick yesterday, 10 years old I thought it was like from this year What was the other movie I told you that I saw with Adam Baldwin when I was an Amsterdam? I I forgot and so did I It was pretty good and dead bull would just Mean bateman and Adam Baldwin never seemed before Come to find out I look it up and it's 10 years old And come to find that he was like 30 and I movie Now he's 40 years old he's a Dottering old man. Not as old as some people We know but he's a dotting old man Adam Baldwin my kind of guy in that movie anyway Psychotic my case Speaking of age I noticed that it was Mrs. Mo Howard's birthday and their anniversary today And when when Yelda asked him this morning His morning which anniversary was Blom Blom was like that Blom Yeah, let's hear it Oh There you go, let's hear it from all and Mrs. Mo Howard But he won't tell us how many because of the fact he wants to protect her age You see that's just another cover up for his vanity You know people were bad hair pieces and people were just Don't want to tell it through the bother age I mean he could be 65 she could be 40 you know what I'm saying Right, well she's not because he had let it out of the bag But she's 50ish which means like from you know 48 to 150, she could be anything But this business of a vanity and I don't understand that Of course don't you think that people that were hair pieces of the $1h Chuck Alvieri Seriously old coffers that were hair pieces to me That's the epitome of vanity you know of vanity. I mean, young guys, they got a reason to, to, uh, want to get some hair done. They go yet if it's premature. They're not ready to let go. Anyway, here's today's poll. Well, before we get to today's poll about hair pieces, this is probably the most important thing that we can talk about today. The first family of TV. And this won't get nearly the, uh, play that Elvis and the, you know, all these other series, these dates that we keep marking. Asian Harriet went on the year 50 years ago today. You ready for that? Yeah. And I can't find the name Asian Harriet theme. I'm sure I got it. Here's some more. Can't find it. Forming the template for sitcoms from Father knows best all the way to the Simpsons. On a Friday night 50 years ago today, amid some anxiety from ABC executives about the shows of Peel, the adventures of Asian Harriet was televised for the first time. They need an avoid it stayed on the year for 14 years, setting a record for the longest running family sitcom or record that will be tied when the Simpsons returns to Foxford's 14th season next month. Even if the Simpsons beats the longevity record, which obviously will, it currently, 144 episode Chai of Asian Harriet's 435. Anyway, Asian Harriet had been a weekly series on radio for eight years before Jump to TV. And the radio show continued till 54. I'd be like that. And now it says we may get the adventures of the adventures, so to speak. CBS reportedly is planning a TV movie biography of the Nelson's to be produced by Tracy Nelson and her brother, Gunner. Gunner, who was on this show on IOD back a few years ago, remember the Nelson's Yes, you do? Sure. With that long blonde hair and that long horse hair. It looked like Afghan hounds didn't they? Yes. It says no doubt it'll be interesting, but oddly enough, as low keys the original may have been, this venture is likely to pale in comparison. The can't go back in. And they also said that Asian Harriet invented the TV video. The right track, Traveling Man Rick Nelson was the first TV video. Yeah, yes. I heard that too. How do you like that? But it'll allow me to see him. He seemed like kind of like a low key, but he was pretty good business man. Kind of like Desi Ernest. Lucy, he seemed like a silly goose, but he was the business guy behind the brains behind that the invented the rerun. Did he really? And that set where you could just go from one set to another with the highest. Lucy, Lucy, he seemed like just kind of like a, he got off the banana boat. I come to find out he was a pretty good bittent man. Ruthless, too, I understand. Yes indeed. Start it. Here's a parking cages. Here's our poll question that A boys and girls. Who do you think has the worth looking here piece in the world? Now we started here and I had a short list not that I said a judge before the show. I don't know if this poll is going to fly, so to speak. Because I can't come up with a lot of names. And then as we put our heads together and Carlos found a website. And we just, we got a pretty damn long list here. Who has the worth looking here piece in the world? Sam Donaldson. Aaron Brown. For he, I said he just makes me nauseous. I'm going to program my TV to keep him off. Why, he is so whiny. Bob Eisenberg, who was just in there this morning as a matter of fact. More Howard David, who's going to be on the poll every day anyway. Regardless of the illness case it fits. If you want to see most peace if you want to use your own judgment. Just go to the QA and website wqm.com and click on our host or talk host or whatever that says. And you'll see a picture with the grace of the sideburns and the brown. Whatever that is on top the brindle thing. Willard Scott. Mark Albert. And then we got Henry Frane. I hope I'm spelling his name right. The former date school superintendent FRA and D. They are here to have him up. Henry FRA and D. I'm doing this for Eric Spentford because he don't nausea. Are you faxing Mr. we're going to vaccinate. While my nendez, I'm pretty sure it's Lala when it's got the piece. Right? Sure. Whatever. It wasn't Eric. Eric someone got married. Bruce Reynolds. Sean Connery. Paul Simon. Charlton Heston. I see picking on the guy when he's down like that when he's got his use. Son of a bitch. Michael Douglas. Tony Curtis. Yo. What's his name? That restaurant reviewer. What's his name? Peter. What's his name? I really know what. Peter Clayton. Okay. Rest in peace. He told me interesting thing about Tony Curtis. Yeah. You passed it along. Yeah. I thought you said Richard Simmons told you that about Tony Curtis. Well, that's right. It was Richard Simmons. Well, that's right. It's certainly Peter Clayton would have told me that because then he would have had a commitment that he had the same taste. Anyway, Martin Landau. Tony Bennett. William Schattner. Good Canadian boy. They're a adult and John. That's all. I think that's a pretty good start. Don't know about please vaccinate three o five six five o one nine eight. I found way more. I don't know if you're interested. Go right in. He's not in this world anymore, but no, we tried to dead people already. No, we're not doing no dead people. Let's let the dead rest in peace with their peace. Okay. And that's an interesting question. By the way, if there are dead people have a like a herpes, do they bury it with them? Of course. They do. You want to look good in the casket at the fair. Right? You're best. You're lost appearance. I'm just going to task. Be sure they're pieces in the casket. Yeah, that's a good point. I never thought about that. See these are very important things that we never thought about before. That's what this show is famous for. Besides being the audio version of C-span and where we monkey around with the croquette. That's right. Get that. Get that organ going. I'll tell you one thing when I see that at a ball though and it kind of gets my organ going a little bit. He's a pretty interesting guy. And he's all right. I didn't grind it by kind of like look at it. But now that I realize he's 40 years old, that's going. That's stretching a little bit too far so to speak. But in that movie he was 30 and wasn't in just the embattment by that time look pretty bad. She looked pretty nice. She looked back towards the end of that sitcom. And then of course, as we're after he had her locked up in that room for a while, then when he cut her hair like with the scissors and just, Oh, she looked all done. Did she show any tittie in that movie? There was one scene where he was screwing her, but I'm forgetting it with her. We saw tittier nods. I think that's a very important point. Oh, it is? Yeah, I don't think so. To me? Why is that? She was scatty looking. Yeah, but still it's, you know, she's famous. Oh, I see some other words you want to see famous. They've just touched just as a point of reference. You've got to look bad just to say that you saw them and, you know, to be honest with it. Anyway, moving right along. So there's the pull for today. Like I said, we'll probably have some other suggestions. So we're keeping open mind. Keep some open slots for today. Thursday last time I checked. Yes it is. The rest of Monday charged with crimes that allegedly occurred in Rickard's middle school over the past with your reported in May and 11 year old girl told her mother that 11 cent fumbled her during class. The mother reported the incident to the school. 11 cent was immediately assigned to a desk job on the technicals conducted investigation. He was arrested and released Tuesday and a $35,000 bond. Detectives think there might be other victims. They're checking in. And a son sent a list like I said, a little on the slow side. This is from common dreams.com. Commod dreams new center. Derek Z Jackson writes, no faith in bushes were on Iraq. Invading your Mac is not a faith based initiative. This is shocking considering the supper claim. Piety of prison will get more federal and man out to help the way we're in the down-trot. Congress has been so slow to rubber stamp the new testament that the president has resorted to divine intervention. He's going behind Capitol Hills back trying to tweak regulations and educating religious groups and how to fool government regulators by applying for funds under non-religious names. The first command that occurred in the president's own words is, government must expedite and stand on the side of faith-based programs. In a video speech to the seven Baptist Convention, Bush quoted Martin Luther Coo and Juniors saying that church is not the master or the servant of the state but rather the conscience of the state. Bush told the throng, you've never believed in separating religious faith from political life. That just leave as American founders did that religious faith is the moral anchor of American life. As the president itches to rain bombs on Baghdad, never in his reign has the church been so separated from the state, and indecernable is his moral anchor. It's truly because he is a refutable proof that Saddam Hussein is going to pump poisons into our subways, air ducts and aquifiers, or is he driven by more primitive desires of revenge. In 1993, Bush's father on a victory tour of Kuwait after the Gulf War was the alleged target of an SS and Asian plot by the Iraqi intelligence service, the plot was broken up in President Clinton punished Iraq by February 23, Tomahawk missiles at its intelligence headquarters, three missiles missed their targets reportedly killing at least eight civilians. The fact that his father was saved in that Iraq was already attacked with death penalty justice, is obviously not enough for the Bush family. Last month on CNN, Bush senior said, I hate Saddam Hussein. I have nothing but hatred in my heart for him. The junior Bush while saying that other nations are at risk of attack from Hussein said, but there's no doubt that this hatred is made. There's let me try again. There's no doubt his hatred is made. We directed it. After all, this is the guy we tried to kill my dad. Did you hear when he said that? No. It was really embarrassing. Since hate can escalate into an all-consuming inferno, many church leaders have tried to dampen the fires of Bush. Bush has solid support for a unilateral first-druck invasion from the National Association of Evangelicals and the Southern Baptist Convention, but a vast universe of other churches say there is still time to avoid war. In the last three weeks, the World Council of Churches, the US National Council of Churches, the US Conference of Catholic Vishops and many State Councils of Churches, have urged Bush not to wage war at least not for now. They've urged the White House to exhaust all peaceful means of weapons inspections, and getting who's saying to destroy the weapons. While all the church groups acknowledged who's saying to bloodlust, they said that doesn't justify going out of our way to shed new blood. We don't need to march down the path to armor getons at Bob Edgar, General Secretary of the National Council of Churches. A preemptive strike by the US presents to the world a model of aggression that may encourage other nations to attack neighboring countries that threaten them. The World Council of Churches said war as a method of settling disputes is incompatible with a teaching an example of our Lord Jesus Christ. Under the sovereignty of God, no nation or group nations is entitled a prosecute vengeance against another. Nor was any nation in Tettelma making unilateral judgments and take unilateral actions that lead to the devastation of another nation and the massive suffering of its people. The President of the US Conference of Vishops, Wilton Gregory wrote to Bush, we respectfully urge you to step back from the brink of war and help lead the World of Act together to face an effective global response to Iraq's threats that conforms the traditional moral limits on the use of mort military force. Bush was happy to use the churches when it suited his political purpose of replacing federal obligations to the poor with charity and no blessed of leaves. Bush has said, charity at church and charity, synagogue and mosque land are communities there humanity and they'll have an honor place in our plans. With that he Bush still burning about Sanam Hussein and Junior burning with desire and perhaps revenge, the church has no place in these plans. The new commandant from Bush is the government must expedite this war, faith-based organizations, you stand aside. Rotorick G's actually on Z. Jackson, whatever his name is and printed in the Boston Globe yesterday. I'd be like that. The Eric is still working on this thing. It's a work in progress. I think we're going to close it out yet in case somebody facts, but they didn't. But they haven't. We have no other names, bad, the hairpieces. How do I know what people know unless they look it up somewhere? Most of these people, we came up with a whole bunch off the top of our head this morning. Yeah, but we off the top of our head. Oh, sorry. See, I think cloud-byes and birds are at a disadvantage, because we have nothing on any website anywhere where they can take a peek at that thing. In addition to which that was his old one, which I think we have two bad, we don't have old pictures of that on the most group when you haven't seen. When he was doing a muskart ramblin, yes, I have seen it. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I have seen it in one much better. Still kind of embarrassing, but in his case. The former caregivers of Little Radio Wilson who disappeared and this is from the Palm Beach post by the way. The former caregivers of Little Radio Wilson who disappeared and flew to his child welfare agency were arrested on fraud charges yesterday for allegedly stealing more than $14,000 in pubic assistance from the state. Jurlin and Pamela Graham who our sisters were arrested on several charges related to Wiggy's disappearance along with Jurlin Graham's that else unendother, the FDLEB exam. Jurlin Graham was arrested on a name Jurlin Smith, with charged with seven counts of public assistance fraud and one count each of four jury, drivers license fraud, title fraud, making a false affid David. She was being held on $600,000 bailer without immediately knowing why she was arrested on a second name. Pamela Graham was charged with one count of grand theft, five counts of welfare fraud and six counts of 80 in abitting public assistance fraud. Jurlin Graham's son Leo Epson was charged with grand theft in making a false statement, while her daughter Jacqueline Epson was charged with public assistance fraud. The state attorney's scheduled a news conference to discuss the arrest, bail information for Pamela Graham in the absence was not immediately available. These individuals were at close contact with William Gage routinely and fraud and false evocation of official documents for their personal gain Governor Jet Boy said, Pamela Graham's attorney Joshua Fisher said he hadn't spoken to his client and couldn't come out on the arrest. Radio who's sixth birthday was last month live with Jurlin Graham who'd claim to be her paternal grandmother and Pamela Graham who had legal custody for April 2000 until January 2001. That's when Jurlin Graham said a state child welfare worker took away for a valuation never to be seen again. The little girl was supposed to receive monthly statements, but wasn't reported missing until last April 25 because of a hernal more. Speaking of coming up with cash, the California Supreme Court, you're going to love this story because it because you're a hard-ass bitch. I'm a bitch. You're a hernal your a bitch. Okay, and a prick. Yeah, and it's a kid. Well, you'll say it while it rhymes with the California Supreme Court order authorities yesterday to show why actor Robert Blake should not be granted an immediate bail hearing while awaiting trial for the murder of his wife. Now my right don't you like that? The court order to the LA County Sheriff Department, which has custody of Blake to follow an answer by this coming Monday, the order indicated unless authority should not quit reason the bail hearing should be held. Blake's lawyers had asked the court to review a ruling by a superior court judge who declined to hold bail hearing before court appearance at November. They sickened on your old actors been jailed since his April 18 arrest faces a preliminary hearing November 13 to determine if their sufficient evidence for him to stand trial. We're hopeful now that he'll get out on bail said Blake's lawyer Harold Harland Brown. Sandy Gibbons, a spokeswoman for the LA County District Attorney's office, and prosecutors will file a reply by Monday. Blake is accused of murder of all we already know about that about poor Bonnie Lee. Poor Bonnie Lee, poor misunderstood Bonnie Lee. Yeah. Prosecutors earlier filed a motion that argued that Blake is not eligible for bail because of the lying and weight allegation. Murdered with lying in white special circumstances as a capital crime, the prosecution brief stated the California Constitution deny such a defendant bail. Blake's legal team at challenge the Constitutionality of the lying and weight statute. He's offered to post a million dollars in bail. Well we'll take it. We'll hold it. We'll hold it and just make sure he comes back, right? He'll let you hold. I'll let you hold half of it and I'll hold the other half. Okay. We got a facts about James Trophicont. We were talking about him this morning. Oh, let's put him on there. They know who he is. He had a lot of publicity. James Trophicont. I'll facts it. It's pretty. Who not only had a leave of Congress, but also had to go to jail directly to jail. Ohio Congressman who had a little bit of a problem here and there. Then he go to jail. I don't know. Yes, he did. He absolutely did. All right. Trust me when I tell you. I think for a long time. 926 at 560 WQM. There's never ever been a better time to buy a new home or refinancing that existing one than right now. How about a rate of 3.95%. That's correct. The financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95% if you want to find out more about how this works. All you have to do is pick up that full and confidential group at their toll free number 180940LEND. That's 1809405363. The money you're going to save is unbeatable. Think about it. You can get yourself a $100,000 loan for only $450,000 or a $200,000 loan for only $950. The process is simple. You're going to save yourself $1,000 this year and every year for a long time. So pick up the full and a call of good people at financial group at 180940LEND. There's never been a better a smarter time to get yourself a low interest rate. Confidence group when you be on your way to save a lot of cash financial group an equal housing lender. Credit restrictions do apply and rates of sub-utual change. So call now 180940LEND. That's 1809405363. You're supposed to be a 560-year-old. You're supposed to be a 560-year-old. You're supposed to be a 560-year-old. You're supposed to be a 560-year-old. You're supposed to be a 560-year-old. You're supposed to be a 560-year-old. You're supposed to be a 560-year-old. You're supposed to be a 560-year-old. You're supposed to be a 560-year-old. You're supposed to be a 560-year-old. You're supposed to be a 560-year-old. That's why that's why I broke your car. That's why I broke your car. It's been your living village. The All-New KFC! Most broke, most broke you. We do chicken for a high. Hi, 31. So P.D. Lennie tells me this morning he's got the same drug dealer that Todd Recky used to use in Davy's. Steven? Yeah, you were out of the room when he was a... He must have to extra supply today. I'll tell you, because he was one of like an alarm clock. He's dry like everybody else's. He was a lunatic. P.D. Lennie this morning, more sudden than usual. Oh, and the auditors are in here. The same as the Sam was, you know, any second are going to be selling that joint. That plays something. So, and evidently, hopefully the new owners will put us here to do a different building or do something, or just pay us all off-sons good to me. Oh, especially with that great new contract you've got. That's another reason you've got no chance of getting a new contract out of them. Because if the place is really up for sale, I mean there's no chance to make a new contract. As a month of she got a new contract when they brought him back. How do they, uh, luni been? I think the answer is, oh, I don't think so. You might ask. So anyway, speaking to that building this morning before the show, and of course, in the middle of all the success I'm in here today, I almost forgot about it. You had the little excitement of your own down there. And I had the elevator, the QAM elevator, which is the laughing stock of the memories. How many times have I said that they must be paying off the Inspector where we're owns that building? Right. You know how they have to put that certificate in the elevator. You're expected by Moji Pupi, you know. They got to be paying them off because that thing never worked. In fact, you know, when it really started going downhill band, nope, it was when I did a drop that bomb. Since that day, it's never been the same against been like a little off-culture. It's a thrill ride. I think I knocked it off. It's moring just a little bit. Just in the, uh, degree or two. At any rate, so this morning, the elevator was stuck on a second floor. And here's a whole bunch of people downstairs just jones in to get up to the third floor to get up to QAM and power where we're going to hell it will work him. And couldn't get up there. Well, let me give you one clue. Is it still busted? Yes. Let me give you one clue. It's had a little bit of a dilemma down there. Poor fat boy. Hey, Pally. By the way, I got a little bit of a problem. He's down there on the main floor, which leads into a great story here. See, I was thinking about that again when I saw this story from the, where is this from? Where would it hell it's from? I guess the Washington, the OUPI. Imagine in the event of a fire in a high-rise building, or a giant shoots, sprouting from the structure through which people slide to safety. Can't you just see that? Now, this wouldn't help getting up. Yeah, actually, I showed a demonstration of one of those on now. Some new show. Yeah. I can't you just see, arrogant people, people get together and shove in fat boy through they. It has to be like some pretty heavy duty big shoots. A clog. The prototype for said, yeah, he'd have to be, I don't know how you do that. He'd have to be honest. You have to butter his nose. Yeah, the butter his nose. Ha ha ha ha ha. After butter his buns. Back home again. And then you get the broom handle. The prototype for such a system was unveiled Tuesday before an appreciative assembly report as in photographers, normally a tough audience to impress and wash in an omniscient hotel. From 11 stories of men and women swished through a giant tube, don't you love that they swished through a giant tube made a fire resistant fabric graded with steel cables emerging in ground level to general applause. You know, kind of like they have at the tennis term as very or golf golf term, a great polite. The device resembles a slide one might find it a water park but bigger. Oh, thank God it's bigger fat boy. The developers of the advanced modular evacuation system see it as the first major breakthrough in building safety since the invention of the fire escape. District of Columbia deputy fire chief Mike Smith held the development. It takes firefighters with full equipment and average of two or three minutes per floor to a send a building. He said because of widespread budget cuts, fire departments are being asked to do more with less. This will help you at it by saying that in the late 19th century, the idea of stepping out of a building under something that was hung on the side by bolts must have appeared strange also, meaning the, uh, the thing. Don't you think it's got a strange system out of your thing? Our Rick Benzley spoke some of the advanced education systems evacuation systems based in Tel Aviv and Hong Kong told UPI the company chairman Ellie near came up of the idea for the system after his son, off air was trapped in the top of a hotel during a fire. Off air was rescued but it occurred to knew that existing procedures for evacuating people from high-rise structures or in antiquities started to think about innovative ways of getting people out of buildings faster. The system is packaged into a relatively small, unapproachable container, which is fitted in the walls of buildings. As the name indicates, it's modular so you can put several on each floor. You can put them on numerous floors depending upon occupancy. When the fire alarm is activated, the system people are automatically and think of that day, but you had the fire alarm there. And poor fat boy, uh, that was, that was, that was, say, why, done three. Wouldn't that be great? Just pop that thing out of the wall, just slide his fat ass right down there. You go first, pal. Apparently some case they'd be worked out. In Tuesday's demonstration, man in the ground, he poured the shoot by pulling on a rope. A pamphlet distributed to reporters explained that steel cables are retention of the shoot, one on the top and the rest on the bottom. Forming a windshield system for winding cables into a compact receptacle where the shoot is stored. To deploy the system, the spring ejects and unfolds of the shoot to ground level where it needs to be anchored. Adam's sink, the seagull of Rabina Witz media told UPI that first responders, building managers and even tenants will be trained in securing the bottom of the shoot today pre-designed spot, aims is offered to drill prospective clients in how to do this. In an emergency, the shoot can be secured away tree or a vehicle. Evidently, they had a little bit of a problem. They did. Asked about the most difficult obstacles they had over come. They said that the material doesn't hurt you when you slide down. Second, that the system not take up a lot of space in the building. Well, it doesn't go on in the story. They didn't tell us how the embarrassing problems that they have. Maybe a couple of people got stuck in there. They just don't want to tell us about it because it's bad for business. Maybe they had a couple of people like Frank Boy. So somebody says, I vote James Traffichette as the worst-epping rug of all time. He's on there. Okay. Thank you very much, Falec. That's the one we had from the audience. I think we got a cover. So to speak. And the ball's bought too. Yeah. Eris working on it right now. Who do you think has the worst-looking hair piece in the world? Sand Donaldson. Aaron Brown. Bob Eisenberg, who's a gay, he won't get any votes because unless they know him. More Howard David, like I said, if you want to see most pieces, go to QAM.com and check out our hosts. And take a look at that thing. Willard Scott. Mar Valbert. Henry Frain, F.R.A.I. and D.The former Dave County School supervisor got his ass candid. And then Traffmatic to discuss slavery in front of them. This was an anti-racism meeting. The dozen or so whites in a couple of Asians, mainly interpreters and members of non-governmental groups, look with our protest. The more than 200 delegates from several countries voted overwhelmingly for the restriction with about 50 abstaining officials said, the event was organized by various non-governmental organizations. This is an affercoon family occasion. And therefore they should not be allowed to sit down and talk with us. Said, Garrardine again by his spokesman for the British delegation. Conference, Chairwoman, Jewel Crawford of the US said, there were a number of black people who have been traumatized by white people. And they suffer psychologically and emotionally. And as a result of that trauma, some of them did not care to discuss their issues in front of them. They have issues. But Jean Violet, that teased spoke with spokeswoman for the Gianna-based African Cultural and Development Association said, Organizers should have made clear that only blacks were welcome. You can't have people come all this way and then ask them to leave. Do you think she said, axe? Alexel. A major issue with the meeting is a plan by black activists from the Caribbean and North America to sue France for making Haiti pay millions of dollars for recognition of its independence nearly two centuries ago. You let's sue those frogs, those bastards. Attorney General Mia Motley of Barbados, herge delegates to build upon last year's UN Conference against racism in South Africa, which recognized slavery and enslaved trade as a crime against humanity. The meeting title, African and African descendants, World Conference against racism, was hosted by the government of Barbados, Organizers include the Congress against racism, Barbados, and the US Congress of people of African descent. The World Conference against racism, but no way he's allowed. How do you like that? It's always that way. The black college fund, the black business and the black that. And as soon as anybody says, well, let's start a white, ah-ha! Who Clark's plan, man? John Birchers, racist crackers. Stuff like that. I wonder if they serve crackers at that conference. Wrong. No, they just kicked them out. Twenty-tilted, ten and five, sixty, seventy-cure. We got the mad dog at one. We got Hank with a full four hours again today. Yeah, I hope he's been working out for this, including Bino. Between five and six, Hank from three to seven, Shima's wrinkle, talking a hard ball with a crow. Seven o'clock. That'd be a great pull question. Who would you rather hear the crow, Joe or Mo? Then in eight, seventeen, we got the a giant's and a brave's game, two and a series, which the giants won the first game of that eight to five. And he came after the baseball and Joe and Mark overnight. Joe, Mo, or the crow. Or in the course we got two Joe's, you know what? We got Joe Costello, we also got two. So Joe, Mo and Crow. And that pull Joe rose. And Joe, Joe, Mo and Crow. It is this how like you overwork underpaid. Duck and a really crappy dead end job. Underappreciated? Uh-huh. We'll do yourself a favor, pick up that phone and call it good people at Fast Train right now. At eight, six, six, Fast Train. We'd give you Todd Drex, a home phone number two because he's got some good drug dealers for it. The demand for certified computer professionals has never been better, and Fast Train can up, that's what P.L.A. said. And Fast Train can up, you achieve a new career in his little four months. And Fast Train is South Florida's largest certified Microsoft Training Center with locations for them for you now. And Pember Pines and for Lobbydale and Kimball at Brando One and of course, in Miami. Fast train offers can be in Daming and Weekning classes. They got a full time job placement department with over 30 years experience getting people in jobs. So if you're overworked, underpaid, underappreciated, stuck in a really marginal dead end job, don't wait another second. Pick up the phone and call Fast Train toll free at eight, six, six Fast Train. Think about it in just four short months. You'll be on your way to becoming a high paid computer professional, and a career with greater earning potential. Take my advice picked that thing up right now in a phone two and call Fast Train. 866 Fast Train. That's 866 Fast Train or check them out with a web if you like it. Fast Train.com. I'm on the move. This is sports wedding. I like this. You way, yeah. Me on God. Welcome back to the Glittering Fagantry of the Mojawa today. We have a full bucket today. That included the Devil Gate of our ticket at the lead of the ears. You know that type's book is still at it. What? What? Singin' those songs? They can fun on me. They make fun on the y'all the time. I don't know. Why they don't the door? Yeah, they're everything. They'll be all right, bro. It depends on me, a fairy. You queer? Yeah, tomb jumpa. Real men don't touch. Only during the game. Yes, master. If you want singin' me, I'll give him singing. Then on a piano. Amen. Okay, ma'am. Now, hit it. Back in my day, men were straight. Did it. The evay is with today. That's why I hit the dollar, raided. His gosh with days. Point all were in day back day. I'll take it from here. The guy's dead like the worship man. What's the matter, ma'am? I went fell off, I guess. Okay. All right, where were we? Point holes where we came at it. Well, I'll take it from here. The guys that like the worship man. But think we won't sing for it. No way, live in that of my game. Didn't need to hold brush-dave to this. Or to ticko hair, we paint. Jesus Christ, I really hate. Jesus Christ, win, die. You know, it's interesting that line about the sea span with the audio from the sea span. I was kind of a cute line. The only thing is, how does he know what we're doing on his show? He doesn't listen. Somebody told him. Oh, he must have heard it to the grapevine. Because I certainly wouldn't want him to come off as being somebody who's less than candid. He would have with fit in. He's been in a QM a lot better if that were the case. What's that deal with that age thing again? I don't know. What? The age thing. The age thing. What are we going to get to the bottom of the deal on that about his age? World will never know. I see. I guess if you want to hide your ball spot, you probably want to hide your birth certificate. That's a part of those seems to think that he can research this. You know, something that's his new assignment. And before we get to another assignment for Carlos, let me just say this. Because that did I just played, I played it right off of the I could have played it off anywhere. But I played it off of the book of Brian Disc, restitution and mobits via one, which is got 40 sensational things on it. In fact, it's got even got a couple of drop-ins on it. Like you have your own personal version of, of, where is it? We're going to have more people. You want to know why I went on strike because what I was about to say, the fact. There it is. The fact that it's not on our website yet. Oh. It's got the old book of Brian thing, Arab Arab Arabian melodies, whatever it is. Which is also very good. And I see we had a couple more people by that yesterday since they're probably fearful that that's going to vanish. And should have vanished yesterday. But I don't see the new one on there yet, which we promised everybody was going to be on there on Tuesday. See, what happens? I don't want to, you know, I don't want to sound like I'm defensive here. And I'm talking about liars. People make liars out of me. See, if I'm going to lie by intent, then I have no problem with that. If it's a lie, I want to tell. But when other people make me in a liars, then I start getting like raising four eyebrows. You know what I mean? They were confabulating till two in the morning, and so what I heard, so I don't know why it's not. Who's today, Carlos and Eric? No, Eric and Brian. Yeah. Well, they may have been confabulating, but, you know, I hope that a good time to enact. Score squared. Then get the job done with the new CD with the new thing on there. Because I'm sure a lot of people are just chopping it to get that. Even if only, just so they can play it for their friends play that. Just that, you know what I'm saying? Yes, but at any rate, it'll be on there any second now. So once Carlos gets that all taken care of, and then of course he's working behind the scenes to take over the website. Once, so we get all of that, then he can start researching most birthday. Because we like to be, all we do know is birthday. In fact, here's a clue for you. June third, because that's the last time he listened to his show alleged. Oh, yeah. So they before my birthday, how about that? Well, happy birthday to both of you. Okay, and happy anniversary to Mrs. Moe. And what was the other thing to do there? It's her birthday in their anniversary, yes. Well, happy birthday and happy anniversary. How do you like that? Even though she hates me like poison. It's okay. We don't take in personal. We understand it's his business. I've never met that lady. Okay, she might be very nice lady. In fact, anybody would put up with that for all those years. How many years they've been married? What he said? It'd been married 50 years? He didn't say. I see. Who do you think has the worst looking hairpiece in the world? Is there a pull question that ate already? We got 41 votes. The thing just popped up on her only moments ago. Moe Howard David who just seems to be running away with all of these things. He's got 12. Sam Donaldson is tied for second with James Traff. I'll look at it. Just change again. Moe's got 15. James Trafficant 13. Although at least James Trafficant was funny. You know what I mean? No, I only saw the one speech. You didn't think he was funny. I thought he was a panic. He was hysterical. I talked about that. They could sniff his crotch and send you. He was a very funny guy. We need a lot more people like him in Congress to lighten things up a little bit. Instead of all these deadly serious phony pontificators in there. Moe with 15. James Trafficant 13. Sam Donaldson 11. Sam got my vote. He's got he's got the worst. Marvembre six. Bert Reynolds has a pair. Chuck Heston's got two. But he forgot who they were. Henry framed his got one. Bob Eisenberg's got one. That must be an inside job. Oh, that must be yours. No, you would have. I voted for Henry framed and will it Scott Scott one. Everybody else is still in the. Oh, zero column, but it's early yet very early in the running. 10. 4. 10 at 5. 60. W. Kueway M. U.S. Hardline on Iraq leaves full scale invasion A. Here trigger away says the Guardian in England. Washington last night revealed its intention to use UN weapons inspections as a possible first step towards a military occupation of Iraq by setting in troops ceiling off exclusions zones and creating secure corridors throughout the country. In a leak proposal for a UN resolution drafted by the US with help from British officials, the Bush administration is seeking to transform the inspections process into a coercive operation. The resolution would place a full scale invasion of Iraq on a hair trigger, authorizing that's with an S. UN member states to use all necessary means to restore international patient security if Iraq does so much as make an omission in the weapons inventory that presents to be security counsel. In other words, like if they say they had eight nukes and it turns out that we find a knife. That's it, or a pen knife. If they said they didn't have any sharp instruments and they had like a pen knife or like a perennial clippers or a box cutter, that's it. Nukum. Webpins inspectors would operate out of bases inside Iraq when they'd be under the protection of UN troops. UN forces or the forces of member state would enforce the no fly and no drive zones around a suspected weapon site, prevent anything from being removed before inspection. Diplomats at the UN said there was no doubt that US troops would play a leading role in any such enforcement, allowing the Pentagon to deploy forces inside Iraq even before the hostility's got underway. The release of the draft up Washington Regain momentum in a security council toss, that they after Iraq took the initiative by agreeing to inspections under resisting UN guidelines. That agreement was welcomed by France and Russia, but dismissed as empty by the West and Britain. Jack's straw, the foreign secretary of the Brits called the existing guidelines, the effective. Don't you love him and that name Jack's straw? I wish I had that name. Do you know what he looks like? He looks like Jack's straw, got glasses and a tweet suit, you know, he looks like a real Brit, Jack's straw. The resolution will be debated over the next few days among the permanent five security council members. President George Bush's negotiating position was bolstered yesterday when a House of Representatives agreed to that war powers resolution, handing in an open head of authority to take military action against Iraq. The Senate, where there was tougher opposition, such a blanket authorization, was reported to be moving towards support of the White House line also. Under the party line. Under the West draft, security council members, states could send their own inspectors into Iraq to operate alongside the official UN teams, and these extra inspectors would have the same rights and protections, accorded other members of the team. Members states also could recommend the UN teams, which sites to search and how to do it. Iraqi officials could be taken out of the country along with their families for questioning in order to remove the fear of Iraqi government reprisals. The Iraqi deputy prime minister that obnoxious terroric Aziz said there was no need for a new resolution anti-existing resolutions were going enough for inspectors to do their job. John Pike, the head of global security.org, Washington military think tank, said the resolution was worded in such a way that Iraq was almost certain to reject it, even if the alternative was invasion. I could never imagine Iraq agreeing to this if you're going to be invaded, you might as well make the invading for shoot their way, and it's a sort of proposal meant to be rejected. Mr. Pike said, now the West kind of a dog and pony show. British officials said that draft represented more of a discussion paper for the five prominent members than a formal document to be circulated within the full security council. British experts worked alongside the US counterparts at the state department in the early stages of it strapping, but it was then handed to the White House and the Pentagon who added some of its tougher elements. A Downing Street Street spokesman said we're not going to comment till further resolutions are published, but it was clear that London was uneasy with some of the items in the draft, especially the use of troops to quarantine suspect sites and to guard the inspectors routes to the sites. One British official pointed out that it was put within square brackets and could be jettisoned later. The intention behind a clause the official said was to avoid the situation under earlier inspection regimes whereby inspectors were coming in the front door and the kit was moving out the back, the kit. You ever see the kit? Nope. Rimes with Schmidt. Further anxiety about the West position came from Chris Patton, the EU's commissioner for external relations and his speech in Chicago. Today he's going to say if the US were to fall prey to the tentation back to London outside the framework of international order even for the best of motives. It would be sitting down a very dangerous path he said. Diplomats in New York and Washington said it was clear there was a split between the state department and the Bush administration's chicken hawks over how far the West would compromise, especially over the threat of force. So the beat goes on man. We're just want our foot in the door. Okay, just open up that door. Let us light a sin. We're not going to do nothing bad. Just open up the door. Let us in. Here's that scarcer story from Milwaukee again. Dark folks kill another dark folks. This is just the makes me want a puke. Eight of the 12 youth accused of beating a handyman to death with bats shovels a tree limb and a baby stroller have confessed to taking part in the crime Milwaukee police said yesterday. All 12 are in custody for the youths are being saw in the case. Police chief Arthur Jones said police are recommending the state charge most if not all of the 16 were ranging age from 10 to 18 with first degree intentional homicide. The district attorneys not yet decided whether to try them as adults. I think the answer is the handyman Charlie Young Jr. 36 out of his injuries to the night he had been in critical condition since he was assaulted Sunday night. The beating happened in northside neighborhood around 11 p.m. Sunday after a 10 year old boy was encouraged by a friend to throw it a get young who was walking by and hit him in the shoulder Jones said young grabbed a voice 14 year old friend and punched him in the mouth knocking out a tooth Jones said. The police said another boy then hit young over the head with a baby stroller the 14 year old called for more help and more than a dozen other youths all male began chasing young authorities said the group caught him on a porch of a nearby house where they beat him with baseball bats shovels. A tree limb of folding chair a plastic milk crate and a rake Jones said according to a 40 paid police report the 10 year old co-policy young four times with a two-foot long tree limb twice in the back and twice in the legs. Another salons at the victim four times with the middle end of the shovel bar young was lying on his side striking the back of his head is chest is back and legs by one of his companions was stopping on his head the police reports it's a peer pressure things don't say it's a come on let's do this and they got involved in it and certainly I believe they knew what they were doing was wrong. Some of the boys told police that young pulled a knife on point during the assault but one investigator told CNN once they know such weapon was ever recovered and police don't believe it's file a crap. I'd like that I say fry all the rest right on god damn donny who get those numbers up even though he's against the death penalty. That will say you know something. You know, sir say he can a year. I guarantee he changes tune in a heartbeat. He changed his cool tune in a real heart to pull fill free up on our last night. He had some thoughtering on the poor feel for he said. More Howard David's hairpieces got 24 votes games traffic and 20. It looks like a two horse race a two headed race sandals and 14 Marvalbard 10. I think Marvada joined the parade. Don't you? Okay, he can. He's a fighter. You know his kind of like yeah when he when he bites it kind of like slips off to one side kind of like that piece of hook of prion wears kind of slips off to the same kind of like in La Caja full remember the one that she it was wearing. Yes, I saw that again a few nights ago when I went and got to that scene at the dinner table. I started laughing so hard like uncontrollably and I where you thought you're going to choke to that as your laugh and so I even I've seen it about a hundred times. Jarroth. Only a man is a great product to help you keep in the pink and good health mental keep it pink. Only a man contains pharmaceutical grade olive oil. A lot of great things there are vitamins in there are minerals and urbles. There's a concoction for each different party or health. There's ones capsule design specifically to help your heart. One for your blood pressure. Want to control your cholesterol. One for your prostate. One for your circulatory system your digestive your endocrine system your skin and your bones and even your mind all using the benefits of the finest of purest the most decent olive oil that man is ever discovered. Only men helps men and women as well. Separate products for each. If you want to get more information about oleomegis called our tool for number one eight six six oleomegis. It's one eight six six ole ole ole mede or he can pick some up today or anywhere in town whole food markets Walgreens Sedano's be carrying it and the borrow pharmacy as well. And don't forget you can order their product and get more information about it as well on their nifty website olio met America dot com. My local here sports radio five six is you a you a yeah. Another dick in the White House. So compact stock immediately I'll nibble back a premium wheel Rolling papers Roach, clutch, and a water bottle Oh, we next year are in the draft They'll get cheats, y'all You're jealous that a beer at hot tub Then there's will be selling grass under a cloud A smoke And it will be a follow-up All that could not do on your rest They take a nod, they're talking Because the new york mess just won't get high Stand around and wave at planes in the sky Smoke the touch, smoke the touch Some of the mess looked apart Twining games out was the point Who can play them under the need of joy Cos Bobby, ball in size mess just as he seemed Without a nibble bag of premium wheel They're eating games, twain keys Roach was rich but fatal cheers Well the best play just like they're all high on acid Oh, rascal 10.03.5.60. WQ. I'm happy Thursday Two. Got some great news Looking at it right now There's W and Condalisa Restitution and MoBits volume It's on the arroggies dot com right now How do you like that? Yes Are you looking at it? Oh, that? No And I just, I don't want to get on air Now they got that under and it's such a beautiful job It's right on top, right above the pool But Aaron Brown is not CEO, R.I.N. is like a woman Is a lady I don't think this Aaron Brown is a lady Aaron a man is like A.A.R.O.N. like my Uncle Muggie Solomon Aaron A.A.R.O.N. I just mentioned that in Pasicas There's no air is very particular about his spelling Even though it's usually wrong A.A.R.O.N. That's why he don't have any votes Because they don't know who to help Aaron, R.I.N. Is that like a chick Like Aaron Summers, right? Right A.A.R.O.N. But other net-eric Carlisle in that way Huh? Carlisle is actually ponyed up for the blind there Yeah, that's Carlisle screw up, okay, right Aaron with an E.A.R.O.N. And you really, you better get with it, Mr. Of course, Carlisle is known because it's generally a Jewish name Most people name Aaron, R.I.R.O.N.R.O.N.R.O.N. And Carlisle don't know any Jews Well, I think He said me Who's there? Who's one do you know? You? He'll be said me. How about Bob Eisenberg, you know him? No, he'll be there today. Yeah, no. And hey, Goldberg, you know the Humper? What have you had been there long enough to meet all the people in the building? Robert Greeper? Bobby Greeper, it has a good Jewish boy, a little bit too Jewish, you should be asked me In fact, he's kind of like our counterpart to Jewelieberman He's a Republican Jewelieberman, but you know, I think they're pretty much the same different They hit him on the last night, he makes my skin crawl man. He was there with the Bush mice, they had that little group of senators and they're all like sucking around, you know, kissing up in all that crap See, real Jews don't wear the whole thing on their sleeve, okay? And I think that they ought to force him, let's have some truth and packaging Since he's in Orthodox Jews, stop making excuses about why you don't wear the full regalia, the full outfit I think it would be really cute if he had the head year on it The Yaramaker, like an embroidered one, you know? And the, the Tollis and the Sitzes and the whole deal in the past And the PS, I think that would be a nice haircut for Jewelieberman You know, come out and let us know what you really are there, Jewelins did like a posh game around for them Maybe something that you're not like a political wise guy, you're an idiot Another disaster for the Democratic Party, in fact, when you look at him, there are so many things you can look at Including the candidate himself, which is Al Gore And by the way, that pissed off in plantation for my Sprite A, there's another Raspberry for you, okay? Too bad, I make no apologies for what I said about Al Gore. He's a weak sister, man Every week, he's styled as finger off the window to see which way the wind is blowing Reinvending himself, one week it's Al Gore with a beard, the next week it's the big fat Al Gore Then the week after it's not quite so fat Al Gore who's ripping and tearing on bush What you know, in fact, that he happens to come down on the right side once in a while That's not relevant because he has the word that I used to describe him during the campaign Even though I voted for him, and even though he won the election and got it stolen from him The word I used, I never was a more true than it is right now, but Al Gore, this ingenuous Yeah, that's the word to describe him, this ingenuous No matter what he says, you know it's politically motivated There is a one kernel of truth and anything he said So you can be pissed off in plantation or anybody else, I've had to really care, okay? They had two crappy candidates, and that's why I'm never in a pickle at Wren today In Britain, Clinton warns Bush on Iraq, there's my man I say let's bring a back for other four years, who the hell tears if he gets a little head? Or a lot ahead Former president Bill Clinton yesterday warned a successor of unwelcome consequences If he lost a preemptive military strike against Iraq Speaking to a labor party conference in England, Clinton sharply criticized the British administrators foreign policy While endorsing the goal of compelling Iraq to disarm A preemptive action today, however justified, may come back with unwelcome consequences in the future Clinton told the group, he urged President Bush to continue to seek UN Security Council approval The force ending in US forces I have done this, I've ordered this kind of actions to Clinton of a military attack I don't care how precise your bombs and weapons are when you set them off innocent people will die In a speech generally less critical and former vice president, Al, this ingenuous Gore Sharp attack of a week ago, Clinton suggested focusing on the fight against the Alkatera's network Our most pressing challenge is to finish the job he said The 42nd President criticized the administration for rejecting the 1997 Kyoto Agreement on Global Warming As well as the new international criminal court to trial as workers And the comprehensive nuclear test band treaty Those policies says he said it understandably made Europeans less inclined to trust the abortion administration on Iraq Clinton said that a rest president Saddam Hussein was bobbing and weaving to toward international inspections He added we should call his bluff Prime Minister Tony Blair, a Britain who invited Clinton to speak, here has been Bush's strongest foreign supporter in the campaign against Hussein And Clinton was lavish and praising his host But even when extoling Blair, who as leader of the left of Senator Labor Party, his buttons ideological soulmate The former president was indirectly critical of Bush He praised Blair for working to reunite the world opinion behind a new security council resolution Demanding unconditional weapons inspections If he were to do this, I'd quit and I'd out of anybody else could Little shot there, huh? Little bit. It's kind of like right in those days after 9-11 Remember we were playing like Tony Blair speeches? Yes. Because it were more reassuring to the like the human race Because he can actually put a sentence together As opposed to like woo, woo, woo like that Although he didn't name them, Clinton attacked previous Republican administrations For supplying Iraq with materials that may have been used in making biological weapons in the early 1980s For issuing hardly a people to Iraqi forces gas protest civilians in 1988 And for urging Shiite Muslims in southern Iraq to rebel or rebel against to say in 1991 And then abandon and mentor their fate in the face of a counterattack How do you like that? See, here's the guy because he's not running for anything He's got the ball still, he's got the big balls, head of the moniker said Let's get that talk show going What I wouldn't give to have his ass back in there again right now Oh God, we'd carry him. Kenny Star on all those right wing hypocrites all those phony balloony druss Crotch Snippers man, they'd be sucking wind The speech was welcome both by Blair supporters by those who've been critical of the prime ministers in Brace of US policy Said Alan Simpson a labor member of the House of Commons who leads a parliamentary group of post-immolatory action I'm surprised because I expected him to come and bang the drum wall I didn't expect him to bang a peace drum. How do you like that? It was the chin. I'm surprised because I expected him to come and bang the drum wall I didn't expect him to bang a peace drum. How do you like that? It was bang in the drum of peace. He was bang in it. That's Baba. Everybody he goes, he's bang in it He's bang in somebody or something. The man accused of trying to blow up that transatlantic flight with explosives hidden in the shoes pants Deplete guilty to walley charges against him as lawyers said yesterday Attorney Owen Walker said Richard Reed, no relation to Greg He wanted to avoid the publicity of a trial and negative impact that would have on his family That'd be a great poll question asked one day, who's more dangerous Richard Reed or Greg Reed or Donna Reed Or Reed? Or Reed? Who? Reed Richards Who the hell's that? Fantastic for. Oh Reed of British citizens accused of attempting to kill 197 passengers and crew members of board that American Airlines flight from Paris to Miami on December 22 He was overpowered as we know by flight attendants and passengers and the flight was ever to debaust and trial a set to begin over Before Walker said Reed has no disagreement with the facts asserted in the charges But refuse to say if any deal had been made for the reduced sentence The FBI has said it believes Reed it also helped make this shoe bomb from an al Qaeda bomb maker. He had help The FBI also said it searched Reed's email accounts and found one and which he described a duty to remove the oppressive American forces from the Muslim land What I'm doing is part of the ongoing war between Islam and disbelief he wrote to his mother in the message two days before his arrest The US attorney's office had no immediate comment After his arrest authority said to believe Reed had help making the shoe bomb and that Reed had been ruled out as the source of a human hair And pomp and found on the explosives Reed insisted where FBI investigators acted alone In his motion file yesterday Reed said he had admit to all he counts but before he does he asked the court to remove language from two of the counts that he alleged he received training from al Qaeda In statements to law enforcement after his arrest Reed said he acted because of the US military campaign in Afghanistan And said he had hoped his plan to tackle cousin Americans to stop traveling leading to a downturn in the economy prosecutor said Reed told the FBI who was driven by anger over the freedom of Muslims in Israel according to transcripts of the interrogations He said he traveled in June 2001 to Jerusalem's al-Aqsa mosque and was angry to see Jews with guns inside His trip to Jerusalem further emboldened him back against the West when he witnessed the many checkpoints and travel restrictions on Muslims One transcript said as why he didn't choose to attack Israel we told investigators America is the problem without America There would be no Israel he also said he was worried Palestinian groups would be too paranoid to trust him In fact when you're looking at him you think anybody would trust him no I don't think it's non-trust him and you actually kind of have to wonder how to help he got on that plane You know I mean we realized they do a pretty crappy job all over the world and especially in the West of a but this originated in Paris How did he get on that plane? Of course you know in Paris the frogs never saw a terrorist that they didn't like Right they never saw a scumbag that they didn't embrace okay I just mentioned that in passing because the frogs are pigs 12 and it's after 10 at 5 60 WQA how's that wig pull coming on who do you think has got the worst look in peace in the world? More Howard David 38 he's off to the races baby changed traffic. I can't Scott 20. Well changing again. More with 41 I don't know if they can catch him change traffic and 26 Sam Donaldson 23 Marvalbard 16 Bert Reynolds with nine Henry Frane is got seven he ought to be higher Well it's got six and a Malikos did Aaron Brown ever get the respelled and get a vote We spell the righty still have it. But they don't know who that is no because only people over the age of 100 watch CNN like me And I don't watch it that much. I only like in channel surfing. I watch a C-span I know and I kind of like the audio version of C-span effect. You know book a brand ought to do us with some classical music in the back and opening for that And now the audio version of C-span is something we only read his bedtime story I think that's great. See one thing about us on issue mode is one thing we've got that you don't it's called an audience Let me tell you right now about a good friends at Donaldmathrist. They got something that the evading stores don't have and the department stores Don't have and that's a great unbeatable deal on a quality name brand mattress I mean you can go to bedding in department stores and buy one, but you'll get ripped off and you'll have to go through a big saw in advance And a lot of times you don't even get what you wanted in the first place Never happen with Donaldmathrist just had one easy call to one 800 mattress like I always do and you'll get exactly the name brand ratrist The style they are I've firmness whatever you're looking for they got the top names in the business They got service silly Simmons and King Coral nose door can match their selection and of course nobody matches They're exceptionally low every day prices no baton switch like I said exactly the one you want you get and you get it when it's convenient for you You get home delivery like any day of the wait seven days a week and a two hour window That's convenient when you're gonna be home like 11 to one noon to two one to three two 14 to four 14 at Cetra and they give you that 30 day in home comfort trial to check it out So if your back isn't feeling good if you're not getting your great night sleep night after night You just don't feel the way you ought to change that by getting your great new brand name actressed an unbeatable price from the pros and Dialometrist column right now you'll be sleeping with a big fat smile on your pussy soon as tonight call 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TT RES or check them out at web at mattress dot com It's day Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story We take a good hard stiff look and start out for over a year now Americans have been unalert ready to seek out and eliminate one of the most foul the most hideous lights on the well-being of our nation That's right. It's the delcom pewter guy. I would tie that guy to a board Shove an M80 up his ass and see if I could blast him out of the earth's atmosphere Americans have given a lot of thought as to how they would like to punish The most annoying commercial spokesman ever now if I could What I would like to do is in pale him on his own femur bone and then suck out his brains with a straw Yes, it is this very attitude of public hostility That has led the delcom pewter guy into group therapy with this fellow commercial spokespeople Tonight you'll see exclusive footage of a typical session led by Dr. Robert Cole Okay last time son we were talking about your compulsion to be a really irritating Can we talk more about that? You're gonna get a doubt. Yes, that's fine. Did you're gonna get a doubt? Yes, fine. Can we move on to your friend here? Any here me now? Good, do you get a doubt? Any here me now? Good look you guys. Oh, no, please don't squeeze the charm and I'm always hoping that you guys have to crawl these don't just I was that way I Please I Don't God I'd like to impail you on your own femur bones and then suck out your brains with a straw The delcom pewter guy the latest in a long line of annoying It's a big juicy something where it looks at show business tonight I'm inside the mind you're right. They just keep getting better each one and where is the beef by the way? 20 after 10 at 5. 16 over to QA. I'm on a tremendous Thursday Moe's got 51 votes. Look at that. He's just off to the races man. He's open up. He's like secretary in the stretch pulling away to a gigantic I'm I'm catchable lead Governor Jeff Bush looked at his temporary stay of execution yesterday for female Syria killer. I lean warnos After a panel stock contract with determination is not mentally ill as a result of the finding of competency I've looked at the stay for death ruin made I lean warnos Bush in the brief written statement I lean warnos will be executed October 9. Oh, that's only six days away Don't forget about that. I'm party Providing the families of revictims with injustice. They've waited for for so long My thoughts and prayers are with those who have suffered because of her crimes said the governor Warnos a hitchhiking prostitute was convicted in the early 1990s of killing six business man Long-na-highways of north and central Florida Bush has three side-codges to evaluate her mental competence after returning Rog Singol said he had grave doubts about her competency to be executed Underfloor law the governor has informed that a person's scheduled be executed might be insane. He must go to a sec. He had quick evaluation. What's he gonna get his? Once the rest of his once the right fact. Maybe we can get a package deal. Maybe we can get a special deal for the entire family of the governor The order lifting the stay set the psychiatrist report showed warnos had the mental capacity to understand the nature of the death penalty and the reasons why it was imposed upon her Warnos 46 who life has been the subject of a number of books and movies has said she's ready to die good Last year she fired her lawyers wrapped her appeals involved in tear for execution with bush signing the execution order She has insisted that she's mentally competent despite the concerns of others single was appointed in June to represent warnos after she complained about conditions on death row And no to the court she claims she overheard corrections off to the saying they wanted I see this is not funny, okay But I couldn't help myself in a note to the court she claims she overheard corrections off of the same They wanted to rape her. She also complained of contaminated food which she claimed was sometimes cooked in dirt your right rapes not funny rapes not funny, okay, and you're the one who made me chuck a little bit there because of you made me chuckle because I was thinking about other things there When they go to do like that So you better watch yourself mister because rape is not funny I've had you something else. That's not funny. I guess living in New York, but I don't know. Would you want living in New York now? No, I mean about 10 12 million people still want to live there I guess, but if I was making enough money A drunken disc raced x-cop who was mad at the world unleashed a barrage of bullets from his divison town of Parma in yesterday Wondering a preschool teacher as he escorted toddlers and pin hundreds of people for hours police said But Estrian's ran for cover as alleged sniper Brian Berrigan fighter rifle as many as 25 times out the window of his fourth floor East 14 street flat during a three-hour siege police said this is in today's daily news Hevely arm emergency service unit cop sharpshooters and helicopters descended on middle class on play and busted Berrigan 33 as he sent his apartment nursing a half empty bottle of rum be mowning his broken marriage Police said a 22 caliber Mary and rifle a Marlon my food nice a Marion Marlon rifle was found in a closet Is it Marlon I don't know you don't know your does mr. You better get with it. You better go to someone and gun shows advertising on his show I've been it He was mad at the world a police or a set of burrigan it was far from the NYPD in 1997 after testing positive for cocaine see are you following the pattern here to got a pissed off? The preschool teacher 25 year old Iyana Reyes suffered a grace wound or a shoulder and was taken to belpio hospital where she got five stitches And you know what they say at Bellevue hospital, don't you? I hate this place nothing works here The medications on work. I've been here for seven years nothing works here. I hate this place Nothing works here the medications on work. I've been here for seven years I hate this place nothing works here I'm feeling great and I'm just cutting my blessings here with my family Ray said last night from Washington The Heights oh my realizes could have been much worse. One of the children could have been hurt The drama unfolded around eight thirty yesterday morning when people in the 25 thousand ten A complex her but they thought were firecrackers police later said that always apparently was gun fire Cops were not aware of any disturbance until 9 11. Call 11 30 yesterday morning reported that Reyes was Taking children for the Manhattan kids club too to a preschool Rather from the school to a playground had been shot Touramedics race to the scene to help raise is she and another teacher tried to come their frightened charges Eight two year olds two year olds But before the parameter school to erase to safety more shots rang off forcing them to run for their lives Within seconds the normally peaceful apartment complex was transformed into a virtual war zone as more shots followed Cops wearing body armor surrounded Bergen's building at 641 East 14 street between Abidus B and C And sharp shoot is carrying long rifles peered from nearby roofs Using bull horns police ward nervous tens to stay inside and cops cordoned off the bustling 14 street at traffic About one p.m. another round of gun fire erupted scattering cops and underving local people he was firing at windows EFARED at people and he fired at the police vehicles at police commissioner Raymond Kelly Cowring inside the reportman's thousands of people watched TV or listen to the radio for updates It was likely where in prisons said Kimberly Johnson 35 we were told us they inside police said get back from your windows Cops knew the shots came from window and Bergen's building facing north and west Toer the interior of the complex, but they couldn't immediately determine which apartment they were fired from Police mounted a top to bottom search of the building in about 230 open the door to Bergen's apartment after he didn't answer Cops gone Bergen sitting in his dining room table wearing an FD NYT FD NYT shirt surrounded by spent shell casings on the floor. I happened to bottle of Jamaican rum set on the table At first police said Bergen insisted I had nothing to do with it. They told cops about their rifle in the closet Police found a pelic gun and planned you and then the rifle had number for a coat Maybe he wears a fur coat for all we know Bergen told investigators he was a heavy drinker in Gamma that he was depressed because of marital problems So the high ranking police source the father of one snap the source said after his wife threatened to leave him He snapped and of course that is me murk enough and way so we got his diving I'm done and start my shooting everybody shoot up everybody make you feel better Don't you think they've had enough problems in the work for a while now? You think you would think I mean, you know take it to somewhere where we were they to zero Well, nobody deserves it. I mean somewhere where they have an advice on like you to go would be better You know don't hurt anybody but at least create a little bit of excitement for the pit folks in you to go Let's sit back and have a you to cure club you see 1026 at 560 WQAM Tom Laman is quite a guy down or a halaponia can fact Bob I seem to be going to talk about time this this morning And Bob said you know time is a good guy, but he's a little bit on the lazy side down there But he's a good guy though. That's why he's created this special deal for Neil Rogers listeners Save big dollars right now extra bucks and all Pontiacs and GMCs and stuck just mentioned He heard about right here on the world famous Neil Rogers show stop by halaponia GMC at 134 a one-stop Fixie highway that's US want across from the falls where air v vehicle is marked with the lowest price in the world You think but surprise mentioned the Rogers deal and you'll save even more it gets even lower And why do they be sure and take a peek at the complete line of GMC SUVs including that envoy the motor trend SUV of the year and the all new VBS UV that's got the power of a big fast gutsy sports car, but you're as I ain't no Corvette Halets also got a super selection of dependable pre-owned cars trucks and SUVs and he've been during that for credit Halable baby ranch up because they will cut you a deal no matter how much of a deadbeat you may be So get yourself an ear Rogers deal right now at halaponia GMC right across from the falls at 134 one South Tixie highway where there've been going strong for 35 years plus open every day of your life seven days a week Halaponia GMC where they do say we are professional great Oh It's And go for your will see it Steve Amoshausen, David this weekend. And I have a big party there is what I'm hearing. Wholesale department's gonna be there. Wholesale. 183 other gonna have a wholesale deal. 183 votes on the appool and Mo is leading pretty good lead. What do you think's got the worst look in here piece in the world? Mo Howard David 57 James traffic and 30 there was a guy on the, you know, penis gay things in Republican right wing congressman. We used to see him on TV all the time skinny guy, balding head and he had like a little, I think from Ohio, I'm not really sure. Little black wig like in the middle of his head. You know what I'm saying like like a hockey puck, I laid it on his head and kind of melted. Can't picture him. You can't picture him. He was on all the time. Somebody out there will know, please, facts just the answer what that guy's name was. And he didn't put what? And a picture. We didn't put him on a pool. We can still get him on it. It's not too late. Here's the fact from David who says, I'm one of those idiots who wake up at 6am each morning, turn on the radio automatically turn to QM to see if they still have Mo and guilty on the air and then disappointments, so it's in as a here most voice. I immediately switched to 940 AM Fox Sports, turn on the TV to check out Jackie Johnson from my daily dose of weather. Can't stand most grand post sports talk show. How can they let him stay on the air? He's got no sense of humor. You may be good play by play guy, but I'm hoping you won't last year, or is the early morning talk show guy. Currently, I think the best part of your show is when you rip into mo keep it up by love it says David, how do you like that? We don't rip into mo on his show, do we? No. Not that I know of, of course not. How's he talking about? We may have some of these bits on here where they reference them all when the guilty show. Stuff like that, but we should never do that. Although he is pretty old and his bad vera coach veins painted green and white were here. And don't be talking about the show unless you listen to it. Okay, Mo, if you listen to what you can say whatever you like, in fact, we welcome that. We encourage that. I love it. Get your giga. But at 80 here, we'll have an 95 here. Get with it. We're going to use got 61 votes. Just pulling away, pouring it on in a stretch. Not bad for an old cocker like that, you know what? I look at this. This is from the UK mirror. Thank you, Carlos. Carlos is right on top of it. He's got to stum on it. So let me see now, but we have a new, um, I just want to see something. A new thing. How's that going to work? I'm my page. You're about the orders to statistics. I don't know if that makes any difference on Boca Brian's CD. Oh, well, there's no, there's no way to order it just yet. Well, what does that mean? It's got to be worked out. Another day or two. What language are you spicking, man? What are you talking about? I just got all enthusiastic. I got goosebumps. I got so excited when I saw that cover on here. And now you're telling me that they still can't order it. They still can't order it. This is like a big tease, you know? It's like bringing Tom welling down here on my patio. Stick it in front of the window. Stark naked and just saying, you can't touch. Just look, you can't just out here. You know? What is that all about? I think I got to get the thing rigged up for the credit cards and everything in a ticket. Ah, geez. See how you make me into a liar again. Nice gone, Boca Brian. You bald head at me. And by the way, you win my point. You got the worst luck in my guy ever saw. I still can't believe that he actually like wears that like, like on away from his car into the building. I can understand. Huh? He's actually augmented. It's since he's gotten it. Oh. Trimmed it here. Little off the sides. I think he's going to drill past you thing just a little bit too far. You could case my drift. Anyway, the UK mirror says, what are performance, what a politician? What a superstar! Oh! Bill Clinton played the parts of elder statesman philosopher and more leader at labor's conference and played them to perfection. The heading on this, Clinton has the vision that Bush lacks. He was more idealistic and visionary than during his presidency and had the experience of eight years in the White House. He ranged over an enormous vista of domestic and international issues. Yet the focus was on the crisis, which we now which now faces the US, UK and the World over Iraq. In place of the gunhole, let's go get him right a wreck of George Bush, Mr. Clinton spoke with Insighton Common Sense while still recognizing the menace of Sodom. This was the best articulation yet of how the Iraqi terror must be dealt with, from a former person who is gone to war, knows it might be necessary again but realizes what that means. The here Mr. Clinton talked with compassion and humanity about the slaughter of innocent people by, smart bombs, and stressed the vital importance of working with the UN through a chasm between him and the warmongers in today's White House. He also praised Tony Blair for restraining President Bush. The mirror has often criticized Mr. Blair's poodle-like behavior to the current right-wing US administration, and it still deeply concerns is that if Bush goes to war unilaterally with Sodom, Mr. Blair will back him. But we do accept we may have been a little bit too slow to appreciate the quiet, but important work Mr. Blair's doing, in bringing America and the UN to negotiate table together, Bill Clinton wasn't a perfect president. The monical of Winsky affair was demeaning, the pardon he issued was crooked mates when he quit were disgraceful, and as Christopher Hitchens points out he didn't always practice what he now preaches. But he spoke yesterday with an extraordinary passion, vision and clarity that inspired the labor conference to roar from the rooftops. It was an magnificent speech from a man who's rapidly becoming the greatest figurine world politics, second only perhaps to Nelson Mandela. How do you like that, huh? Yeah. Secondly to Nelson is what they're saying, maybe he's run for parliament. Very self-suffering. He's over an Africa probably somewhere. Yeah, he has some basic right idea and I care if he could win. He picked Tony Blair's ass man. Are you kidding me? And can you see in there concerning with the queen? I can just see it now, huh? He could have a little goose there. He'd pinch her. He was always fun. I'm like Bush. He was always fun of us queens anyway. Oh, we're going to miss this is from Rich Pacto that you just passed me. Oh must be something really much. It is. It's good. It's great. Oh, good. Look at this. Oh, leave it to my close personal friend Rich Pacto. Did the great line around the back of the rest of Tuchin Vokobrion CD. Oh, no. This is great. And today's hero did says location, location, location. I'm getting goosebumps reading this. Wait a minute. I didn't spot one of the first things here. She was on the air down here for 22 years. No. We're worried that that come from. Well, didn't it? Well, didn't it? Well, did you expect him to get a ride? Brooked annuals for 22 years. When a software is most recognized radio host is moving in a real estate. I don't know what that means for me. I can even move beyond that line. That's what it doesn't get more ridiculous from there. Daniels who left radio a year ago when WINZAM-940 Switched from News Talk to syndicated sportspock has joined a plantation-based firm of a company. I've always believed that a radio listening to your audiences in part. By the way, you want a great reality lady. My good friend, the Mario Delos still going strong in plantation. You know, Mary? No. What a great person she is. She told me my house. And then she went to battle with cancer. She was, and she still going stronger. Get every year I get a car from Mary. So when I start when I get ready to sell my house in about a week, I've always believed that a radio listening to your audiences is important that you're watching them, Daniel said in the press release. The personal relationships I made from doing this are the most rewarding aspect of this business. I believe the same holds true for real estate. Because people's decision to buy and sell real estate are often inspired by major life changes. Sometimes what they need is someone to really listen to their needs and handle a transaction with a caring of a good friend. Oh. A native of Long Island, the York Daniels worked for WIWD and WINZAM-940 was twice named the Markets Best Talk Show host by Ho. By Ho. By, I don't know. By by you. Probably by that woman's, what is that thing that Marcha Dimes thing, you know? Oh, you're on point about the air awards. Yeah, the air or the hot air awards, right? This is a woman who got rehired to getting her or getting a loop job. First you had that, why? That waxy problem with her candle job, where she got the hot wax all over her body parts, which you don't want to say which ones. And then she went over to get a loop job over there. Right across the street from our Georgian Carlos assistant right now. What else is there in that place? Jiffy Loob, Tyre. Oh, Tyre getting to the state. What ever it helps you with doing things? She was waiting for a loop job and P.D. Bulger who had canned her ass not long before said, Hey, you want to come back and she said, okay. Okay. And she came back. Hmm. Yeah, she was in a, didn't they have her on the afternoon at one point and she had like tiny, teeny fractions and then they put that other bitch on air who's boyfriend kept calling us from Oregon to tell us that she was syndicated. What that was her name? Liz Wilde. Oh, his wild. Yeah. Webtoed. Oh, my. That's odd. Oh, man, have they had a parade over there at T. Tamar? What? That's going to be you know how to fight him. And then of course if they weren't good enough, I mean, between Greg and then the, the sheep. Yeah, they've had them all. Finally, all you need to better not. Yeah, do you think that he and Gildi were hatched like I would have the same egg. I never thought of that. Stop thinking about that. Who's more? That'd be a great pull question to take one day. Who's more shrill? Y'all they or the sheep are in the right moment. It really is. That's how Florida Radio for you, baby. It's the best. So Brook Daniels best to lock to you in your real estate. You wish you nothing but well and don't come by my pizza. Loth again standing there like I'm supposed to know who you are. I'll never forget that day. Was I doing an appearance there? Was I just having dinner with the movie? You wasn't just been there because I wasn't there. Yeah, I was just having dinner with the rumors. I had mentioned it on the year. And all of a sudden, here comes this bigger than life figure. And I knew I do mean bigger than life. And she like kind of like waddles toward the web. And then stands the way and tears it mean. I thought, like who the hell are you, you know? She started talking. I realized who the hell it was, you know? But she always acted like I was her long-lost best friend. She didn't belong on the year just to say hello. She was the low rent Randy Road. And she always denied that she was ripping off Randy's act, you know? Why was that? I mean, why was she doing about that? She denied it vehemently. The low budget Randy Road's not an obouching saying awful lot. You know, Randy. Twenty me four eleven at five sixty wq a n. I'm getting ready to do the story here. I better do my break, you know? Since I mentioned pizza locked, it must be my psychic power skicking in again. It must be working. The brand new pizza locked is open and I guarantee you by the time I get home in a couple of weeks it's going to be going really strong baby in plantation. Navhill and sunrise and a little strip shopping center on the northeast corner of Navhill and sunrise right beyond Walgreens. So pizza locked and you heard Jeff the other day when I boring colleague and boy, I was terrible. But anyway, the good news was the same great food, everything fresh and delicious cooked to your order. Nothing prefabricated. Nothing heated up in microwave ovens, which means you won't get any mushy side. There's nothing worse in my book. Then pasta that's overcooked. You know what I mean? Oh, it's a slimy mushy. Yeah, it's like chef boy R.D. or like Franco American. It's mushy. You'll never get that at the pizza lock. Everything is cooked authentic, which means it's hard. And they posted to it's cooked to your order just the way you like it. And of course they got three different kinds of great pizza, calzone, super subs chicken, veal dishes seafood, and the best garlic rolls anywhere on this planet. Just dripping with garlic. You'll have to wash your hands four times after you try those. And after you hang out with Jeff. So try the work famous pizza lock in baby. Which probably isn't too far from Steve Enshaus. It's over there on University between Griffin and 595 behind Perwood and force. And the pizza lock plays a key to corner of the new arm of the local cafe with tons and tons of free parking. And the brand new pizza lock open right now on a corner of uphill and sunrise in plantation. The number in the baby is 9.54916888 for take-off for delivery for catering 9.54916888. Go delivery and plantation because they want to get it down to a science. They want to make sure it's perfect. But the trust is what we tell you will let you know. My local V60560. The ring is on your top. I'm actually in. This is CBS. On top of Rocka, tonight on the NBC Nightly News, a new FBI report shows that Arkansas and Kentucky are among the states with the highest rate of unsolved murders in the country. It makes sense to most officials as there are no dental records and all the DNA is the same. I'm Tom Broke. And we'll see it tonight. What do you trying to say, Tony, no sign of her play those? Right. And now you know why? 1045 and 595. I never play those because it's a recon such thing. And I don't like sticking the taken there. Other than that. Other than that, I'll make that one exception. Did I hear a spot on the last break? I meant to mention this, but it's so time back because we got so much heavy duty cramps flying all over the place today. Especially if you got stuck in the elevator or couldn't get up in the elevator. Oh, it was everybody else. And by the way, everyone you're welcome. Boy, all that. Thank yous were pouring in. The ad George is the one that fixed the situation. The open up the door. He got permission from the water. Now, see, said, if I open up these doors and you come up to stairs, there's a big sign in there. It says the ill of there's a silent alarm and a police will come out of the door. See, you should have known that they wouldn't show up anyway. Don't you remember we had that far along the one day? Oh, I know. Which turned out to be bogus. And nobody ever showed up anyway. Well, my luck. Yeah. The fire station is right around the corner there and I was there. We're right right under corner up from Chuck subs on a, like about a block from there. And they never showed up. They don't like us. So anyway, did I hear Moth say something about he likes nuts? In the spot? Yeah. It was a spot. And I'll not this last break. Yeah, planters in the previous spot at break. I love it. It's a great not. That's exactly what he said. He loves nuts. A delegate who climbed onto the stage were former president Clinton was speaking at the governing Labour Party's conference in England yesterday said he just wanted to a spurred support for the former leader and maybe make a launch state with him. Sammy Caracos, a 50-year-old Labour member from London, was ejected by bodyguards after a clambered onto the stage as Clinton was finishing his speech to the convention. I don't see whether she'd be so much fuss about some of my money to speak to him. I've been through all this security clearance. Obviously, I wasn't a threat. Caracos said he wanted to talk to him. As three days simply hungraced right during the 1998 impeachment hearings. Caracos said he wrote to Clinton but never heard backs with a side and talk with him. He seemed happy about it and said he appreciated. He said he was a great icon on a hungraced strike forum. I said maybe he should take me out to lunch and return. And he said maybe he should but his security man didn't give us time to fix it date. A Labour department spokesman said Caracos had been stripped of his past to the conference. For how do you like that? They stripped him. And he still don't want to go on a date. Not his type. Did that something that we went through two years of hell that impeachment crack over a penis gate over a couple of blow jobs? Yeah, but it was well worth it. Don't end. Well, we got in there now, man. If anybody deserves to be impeached, if anybody should be on a verge after steaming the election. And this business that Jeff Bush is going to get off the hook in Florida, you talk about people with a short memory. Good God. Even Ms. Twig, you don't have a memory. And that's sure. Give me a break. How's the pull coming, baby? Speaking of bad hairpieces. Look at Hurricane Albert. There are new Iberia Louisiana. Tropical storm force. Wow. A lot of blow him going on there. Poor Louisiana. And you're why they're getting it bad Louisiana? Why? Why? Because they're dumb. And God is punishing another. And that's what you're following. What's he just like, remember we had the fires that it was flaming and floored in northern Florida? And was it bad Robertson said it was the wrath of God because of all the homos. That was pushed up your part. You're sure you don't realize that most of the homos in Florida aren't in North Florida. But sometimes God has bad aim. You know, I think he's got a point because our defy gets flaming. That's true. 78 votes for Mo. The worst hairpiece in the world. James traffic and 48. No figure to be haven't seen Mo's piece because I don't think he's he isn't going on TV since he's been done as he. Not that I know. I don't believe so. Unless of course those billboards that are all over time. Uh, and you won't get no promotion. In fact, he should kiss my ass. But the only promotion he gets is on his show. Mad Dog won't talk about him for obvious reasons. He's got his lips ripped. The hump or only time he talks about him is pissed off and fired up about him. The only promotion he gets is on and then of course that forgot to you and Mark, which everybody is asleep during their show. Mo's got 78. Like I said, you go to wqam.com and click on. In fact, I'll do it right now. Just to make sure I tell more to click it right. Wqam.com. Here we go. Let's take a look at it. And their bad pictures are just about everybody. And the fact the picture at Joe and Mark is really gross. Hasc. Have you looked at that? Yeah. Sorry. And don't look under where it says photos. Look where it says our hosts. Our hosts. And they're very first one. It's the Howard David show with. Come on. There it is. And there's guilty. Now, guilty looks like guilty. Yeah. And I and any case looks okay. Looks like him. Joe and Mark look. I don't know. Like they're stone out of their minds or something. And probably they are. Mad dog. And I got those big old glasses on that I have a warning years. Those big gigantic glasses. The list. Charles Nelson Riley glasses. Yeah. And Mad dog works. Man. Like he's had about 85 green lizards. Do they? Hmm. He looks 86 sheets to the win. But anyway, getting back to the mothing. There's the gray sideburn. And look at that. Rindle thing. Sitting way back up in the middle of his head. Woo. Man. I get goosebumps. Look at that picture. And then he takes picture with all due respect to my close personal body to the Humper. I still say it looks like he's sticking his head through at the carnival. You know, they have those things where he stick your head through like a hole in a and a wall. And then like the body is not really your body. You don't want to say it. Yeah. Now, am I right about that or what? You mentioned that when we were looking at it together. In fact, you remember that very suspect picture of Lee Harvey Oswald holding that rifle. Right. And ahead. No. His body is standing at one angle. And then it is like cocked at a different angle. If I can say that, the gun isn't cocked, but his head is like a paste job. Right. And this is the same with a Humper here. It looks like his head is, I don't know. But it's definitely worth taking a look at. You folks are going to great who that'll be at. And especially take a look at most piece. So you know what you're talking about when you catch your vote. You have an educated vote. I only wish we had a picture of Bob Eisenberg on there somewhere but we don't. In fact, I bet you're Carlos before the end of the show can come up with a website where you can see a picture of a musk rat. And if you can just if you could just envision that animal crawled around and just just coming to the roost on top of somebody said, That's about Eisenberg. All I'll bring my digital camera in tomorrow and take a picture. But we see now he's wearing the new piece. So if not, then qualify. But I don't have an old one. Sex abuse case against former Uxbridge priest goes to jury this in the Boston Globe. Worst. I love that. They're just something about the way that a new England may spell it in. Well, it's like Quincy is Quincy, you know, and every every every every name is like a it's like a game to try to trick you up conquered. We have Concord, Michigan, but in a course in in England, it's conquered New Hampshire. Worst. Talk about scratches during it's worth not work just to work just to work just to try. For the first time in seven years at Massachusetts, Sybil Jewish considering whether Roman Catholic priest sexually abused one of his young foreshners. David Luchon, 48 of Webster claims to Reverend Thomas T. Zarr repeatedly punched and fumbled him in 1971 when he was a 16 year old St. Mary's church when he was at the Alterboi in Uxbridge. But attorneys for T. Zarr now 61 of Dudley who no longer performs priestly duties. Say physical contact between the two men never went beyond a single back rub when Luchon was 17 and old enough to be legally consenting. They also claimed the Luchon filed his case two late understatual limitations. Two late. What a 17 year old engage in the type of contact that he thought was harming him Louis L. Atua. T. Zarr's lawyer said during closing statements in the case yesterday in Worst of Superior Court where the jury began deliberations. Luchon's attorney says age is irrelevant in the case. There's never an appropriate it's an appropriate age for an individual this this is written so poorly and set off the Boston Globe to I can't believe it. There's never an appropriate age for an individual to engage in sexual conduct with his priest Lawrence hard hard on, said during his closing statement. H. A. R. D. O. O. and H. B. Brown said Lawrence hard on the recent sex abuse scandal in the church has produced a rash of civil lawsuits against priest but none so far is going to trial. Y. I like that. A very poor poorly written thing there in a Boston Globe. They must have been a big hurry and a big rush. Two misclio executives get sure probation terms and Missouri. Thank God for that. We don't think that anybody involved in this play or even if they're charging for phone calls you never made we like them a lot. Because if Jonathan Edwards can be on TV, if more he put pick and who the other ones and all these other fakeers can be under Jenny Jones and Ricky Lake if they can be on there. If Dr. Phil can be on there peddling phony advice don't forget to run and Paul. Right and all the all the TV preachers. Grey Robber. And at least Miss Cleo was fun. She was fun. Come on. Get your free weed in. Call her. I know. Yeah. Call me now. Come on. Get your free weed in for a hundred bucks. And they and she had the disclaimer on there. A very tiny printed bottom of the screen. It says it's a scam in a sham and you got to be a real sucker once for entertainment only and just give us the goddamn money. Hey, how come we don't all go to jail. We work a QA and that's our model. Just give us the F and money. We don't give a crap about doing a job for anybody. Just give us the money. Okay. If you got any kind of business out there, we'll run some spots for it. Maybe. Okay. When we get around with it. But in the meantime, just give us your money. And that's our model. We're proud of it. I think Sullivan and his be mankind. They're always talking about all the billing and they may budget. And you know, we got spots up the ass. I don't know why. I have no idea why. I haven't got the foggyest idea. He voted right in. We have an issue because there's nobody in that sales department that we do want to do a job for anybody. Just give us the money. Let's write the order. Get your signature on a piece of paper. And now just give us the money. Okay. Cause we got to make billing. That's what it's all about. And we got to get that billing way up there because if we're going to sell this damn station. We got to, you know, boost those numbers up. You notice that that the log is always like jam packed just before radio station gets sold. No, no. Always. Really? Oh, yeah. Sure. Because they want to get the billing up. Oh, look at this. We build a two million last month or whatever. I don't know how much we've built on this station. But an awful lot. Well, that's because a lot of it is like for phantom mentions. Oh, yeah. We'll mention you. 4,000. That's why when when we had these appearances. No, this is one of the biggest games going. I've talked about it before. They sell mentions. And not that commercial. You're not actually getting commercial. But we'll mention you on Neil Show and the mole and Hank. And like, you know, for appearances. And that's why they always try to write a commercial every time you guys make an appearance. Because they think they can con some of a similar like, you know, give it a whole spot. I'm not going to do that. You're going to be out at some place. Fine. I'll mention it. But I'm not going to give like a whole minute spot there. And then that's that's what they're paying for mentions, which is why back to an at OJ golf tournament because those ugly days. Remember that. Oh, yeah. I'll come. You're not reading that promo. Well, maybe we're not reading it because the big sparks are s-dolphin guy never gave it to us. He was too busy back there. We're doing the screw in. Did that time to write a freaking promo? He was busy drilling with a gigantic black builder or something something gigantic and black. I'll tell you that. Don't you think? No, you don't think and I'll tell you who's not too happy about it either. It's freaking Bob removed. We're sports for the O5C4. You a-am. Gordon gives South Florida a major blow job. Why you can't win a dime when all the tutors go on high. Why you can't win a dime. Everybody's gonna die. People will party. We're turning the tide. I read that in a magazine. In a comic book store. If you believe it, we end up the world and see the market crashing again. We're just a baby y'all. We're just a baby y'all. 111.560. W-M-Happy Thursday too. We got the mad dog at one hank of full four hours today. 3-7. Let's hear it for the hump or baby. We've got all of that over time. We've got all of that. We've got all of that. We've got all of that over time. We've got all of that over time. We've got all of that over time. We've got all of that over time. We've got all of that over time. We've got all of that over time. We've got all of that over time. We've got all of that over time. We've got all of that over time. We've got all of that over time. We've got all of that over time. We've got all of that over time. Montana's libertarian candidate for Senators Turn Blue from drinking a silver solution that he believed would protect him from disease. Stan Jones, a 63-year-old business consultant and part-time college instructor, said he started taking colloidal silver in 1999 for fear that why 2K disruptions might lead to a shortage of antibiotics. He made his own concoction and of course this is a libertarian by the way. What is that? As soon as that said libertarian knows we were both compelled to do that same thing. Why is that? Why is that? Why is she was on the air for 82 years until she went in a real estate? In this market. I heard she was on the air for 170-2 years until she finally gave up the ghost. He made his own concoction by electrically charging a couple of silver wires in a glass of water. This is the brilliant libertarian in Montana. His skin began turning blue gray a year ago. People asked me if it's permanent if I'm dead he said I tell him I'm practicing for all a win. He doesn't take the supplement any longer but the skin condition called Argeria, which I thought was in Northern Africa, is permanent. The condition is generally not serious. It's just makes you look like blue and gray. Kind of like you live in the sunrise lakes. The global silver dietary supplements are marketed widely as an anti-bacterial agent or immune system booster, but some consider it crackery even the act like duck is laughing about it. Jones is one of three candidates. He can't see democratic center Max Bocca's November. The other is the Republican state center to Mike Taylor. Green party candidate Bob Keller and none of them got a chance. Especially the libertarian candidate who's the blue gray. Maybe he ought to run instead of on the green party on the blue gray party. That might be good. Two misplayable executives I started on this, and then you got me sidetracked there with that crap whatever it was. What was that something about Wader? Two misplayable executives get short probation terms in Missouri. They two for a lot of the amount which we had this story yesterday. Here on C-SPAN audio, accused of building consumers of $500 million through their misplayable TV second corporation, flew to St. Louis yesterday, pleaded no contest to felony fraud. We're sentenced and flew right home after the corporation's paid a $50,000 fine. We think that's fine with us. You know what I'm saying? Or we're fine. Right. Stephen L. Feter 52 was on probation for less than an hour without ever leaving your courtroom. Then a judge ruled that he is fine paid. He had satisfied his probation and was free to go. His cousin Peter Stolt 54 got a longer probation. The judge gave me maximum of two years his lawyers had expected that the last no more than five months. It was a very good deal. Feet was defensive attorney Ed Doud, told reporters outside the courthouse. My client paid no fine, his corporations did and is not on probation. What you did is come here and spend an hour in the beautiful city of St. Charles and is now back in Florida. St. Charles Missouri is a suburb of San Luis. Missouri attorney general Jane Nixon's office investigated the men for more than a year and filed a total of eight felony charges against the men and their two corporations. If it's a good deal and it's a good deal for us too, Nixon said after the sentencing. They are swindlers who pled guilty to criminal action today. Prosecutors say the case is significant because it's the first time the two defendants have been charged with criminal acts. They're still being investigated for a civil fraud by the FTC and civil states. Why can't they leave them alone? The Pense attorneys and prosecutors work through the night. How about Ron Popeelha? How about that that drying? What is that thing? Those are that machine, the drying tray? They get dry your weedy hydrate. The dehydrate is the thing that you dry your weed in over the years. I think we ought to give Steve M's number on here because when this is shortage in town. There's a huge pitty Lenny's got the number by the way. Ask him if he needs some help. All right. If you run dry. I'm dry. Defensive attorneys and prosecutors work through the night to come up with clear agreement. Part of it is there be no record to be the men's conviction unless they violate the probation. Peter said is criminal record already a sealed. As he embarrassed by what he did, not at all he said he's ran from the courthouse. In Stolts' case, the lever clean criminal records and more frauds in misery, which he'd nice the ever did. The other requirements, according to assistant attorney general, are worse. And while it's got a whole thing they agreed to do this and they won't do that. Burlis an estimated that the miscleo operation had collected about a billion dollars nationwide, and that half of that was gained by deceit. Peter and Stolts said that did that by advertising free telephoned consultation with miscleo, supposedly agent making accident psychic, but actually Los Angeles, born actress and playwright, who lives in for a lot of day. And we like miscleo a lot on this show. Initially the men hired in house psychics who supposedly has them called it. Let me ask you this, how come surely tweeters and our good post friend, what's it in it? Bitched out, Joe Costello from a power with a whole group. Boldish, old Griffin. How come they didn't wind up going to jail? They had the same muscan going. Sure. At least as far as the a psychic thing. Psychic my ass, okay. Initially the men hired in house psychics who supposedly had some qualifications, Burlis and said, but after they were inundated with consumer calls, he said they subcontracted the hiring of 250 to 1,000 readers per day. No experience necessary, the ad said the readers worked from their homes. Colors paid 499 per minute per a reading for their free reading. We've just had to keep them online for more than 19 minutes or they might not get in any other callers. Thousands of callers were put on hold running up hundreds of dollars in bills without ever talking to any psychic, read or otherwise. Both defendants owned a two-time marketing firms and feeders in charge of day to day operations, Burlis and said, Miss Cleo, known as Uri Harris of Broward County Community of Southwest Ranch is there's that again. Did few readens, less than a third of 1% Burlis and said she was a paid employee and she was not charged by the way she didn't do not. Miss Cleo. The defendants first pleaded not guilty, then changed to no contest meeting the ignoves that there was enough evidence to convict them. Even circuit judge Nancy Schneider, a minute she was confused, repeatedly mistaken the defendants pleased for guilty. Innocent of every offense down to hold a judge, members of Cubscaw Pack 530 from Francis House School District, lost the place to help earn their citizenship badges, said 10-year-old Chris Carter, there was a lot of big words. But what I think about Miss Cleo, she was paying speak in no big words just, that's basically what she's saying. I noticed that after I made mention about the promos for these appearances that you factly 600 per most real cutie bay, we go ran that in here while you were here. Yeah, we have cutie bay. Fan hits, well say these for tomorrow because, although I will say this, because I find this most amusing and typical of QAMR and our shady dealings. The one for you on Saturday, Saturday, George will be at, or no wait a minute. OIC, Saturday, George will be at Jared Jewelers, 1630 North Federal Highway, and 4-Lowdale 103, stuck by the wind prices, where just did the wind appear to produce it often to the jets in New York. This is only one problem with that, because before the show today, George said to me, here we are here of Jared Jewelers, I said no. I said, did you ever hear of it? And he said no. He's going to be there. Sure. Well that's good. I'm going to get to know them. He'll take the money. He'll take the money and have a good time even if nobody shows up. We hope a lot of people show up of course, because we love our good friends of Jared Jewelers, and speak in a jewelry. What a great segue, Neil. Thank you. Al Gorestein caught by surprise when he was after an economic speech while he wasn't wearing his wedding ring. Because I'd gained so much weight I couldn't get it off. Gore said, as both he and the crowd at the Brookings Institution, Bruce Nendu, Rockus Lander, I'm making a reassessment of my personal diet he had it, thanking reporter for bringing the subject up. The former vice president said he actually was able to remove his wedding ring, but then couldn't get it back on. Life tipper immediately stood up to point out that she was still wearing hers. Asked a new if he would challenge President Bush and rematch to their 2000 campaign, Gore said he would decide by the end of the year, I don't know if I'll be a candidate or not. He said, I'm not going to try to be cruel. I told Tipper I take two years to try to get some financial security said Gore, who's taken a job as vice chairman of Metropolitan West Financial, a Los Angeles-based financial services holding company, Tipper Gore piped up from the front row, good timing. Schmuck. Gore who had criticized the administration's handling of the economy in the speech Wednesday laughed and said, I wish I tried to do this during the Clinton Gory years. Another was when the economy was going strong. When people had two dines to rub together instead of another one he's got them right wing or recessions like we're going through now. Although the market, look at that. That was up 45 and a half point. Oh, Nasdaq down six. The Dow is 78, almost, almost exactly, almost to the penny and 90 cent. 78, 100 on the Dow. 70, 80, 1. 70, 100. Nasdaq 1181. Can you believe those numbers? Enough to make me gag. Enough to make me very glad that I got out. I don't care what happens with it and go back up. Good luck to all you. Okay. You'll need it. Don't want no part of that. The dog and pony show. The shell. It's the old shell game. Had done to do with the oil in this case, as you'd like to have on prices right, the old shell game. Murder suspects arrested after a freeway chasing California. We thought this was going to be a real exciting story yesterday. We watched it on CNN live on folding the button. Three men wanted for questioning about a murder of the 30s on a 40 minute freeway chase yesterday before the truck was forced into a spin on a residential street. The chase started around seven o'clock yesterday morning. Shortly after slaying in Buenos Aires, California, Highway Patrol officer Jeff Perez said information about the killing was not available. Well, what does that mean? The pickup truck spent pastometers on I-91 and adjacent freeways and streets as the people inside the robberets had a window. The speed was not immediately. The nothing was available. It was not immediately known what was discarded. Now, over there don't know anything. This is from USA today where they're going, but don't we have a lot of nice colorful pictures? The driver turned into a residential street in this city orange about 35 miles southeast of LA. Police ran into the trucks rear right. We were using a so-called pit maneuver. It sent the truck spinning into an iron fence. One of the men inside ran hidden in the clump of trees, but soon surrounded with a two other men. After the chase ended, they went apart. Police officers shot and wounded the driver. One of the passengers ran hidden in clump of trees. And then you know what it says? Like the driver soon surrounded with the other two men. Just like it says, you want to say today, man, for people who can't read, people who can't even understand on the sea span of the year. People just want to see those really colorful pictures. And boy, they got a lot of them, you know? In fact, even every section in USA today has got its own special color. If you ever notice, I like the weather map best. The purple section and the green section with a money green. You follow green for the money, huh? Not it? And purple people. And for the purple people in the people section there. And the sports, which I don't remember what time, guess it's red. Mean that most people who can't run sports are usually in the red. Or maybe have something to do with red greens, or red Kelly, or red Smith, or REST in peace. It's 11th pass to speak to red Kelly. How's that hockey team doing? Shoot a bronze in the panther's squirlest tile last night in that submission this game. Boy, I'm as must have been really exciting. God. Don't start talking hockey. Okay, you'll get the moment of sin. He'll turn it off. He wants to do that. Neal, the bedtime stories in the sea span of the radio. He wants to. And then you'll of course be the Oregon Grimy. That should be our promona. Listen to Neil and George and the Carlos monkey round for four hours. Midday. That would be. Hey, Beach, Beach, a holiday promos. We're running demos on that station. His parents showing his face to anymore. He's like laid out. Haven't seen him today. Nah, see you all see him anymore. He's he's like fading into the background. I was a good kid, but he's, you know, he's just faded into the background. But you're budget meetings going on, you know. Oh, I see him probably because of the assail that I'm hearing about. The auditors win. Now maybe see the auditors win because the budget meetings are going on. Maybe it's just that time of the year. It's October. It's makes sense to me, yeah. Right. Isn't that when most people begin their next physical year? Is it October? Yes. In fact, speaking of physics, I think they couldn't hurt. He'd be Lenny. They had a time up and stick an animatubo position like clean out to give my high calonics sounds good to me. I could just see fat boy tying his ass up. I can't catch a see that. Well, not if he got it for a head start. Well, somebody had to hold on, you know. I can just see that right now. Give me Lenny clean his system out, man. He is so full of crap. It's coming out of every poor in his, in his, uh, adult body. He is just, ooh, creepy. Hey, if you love your home, but you need more space. Here's the answer for our yourself at dilemma. Do what hundreds of other smart people like George or Duan call our good friends at strictly addition. Whether you have an a baby, need another room if you're converting your car for your pet to a living space. If you went into business for yourself, like maybe you got a boiler room going back there, maybe Miss Cleo's coming to work for you. And you want to make a home office for it. Call strictly additions. There you're one stop shop, you're more space for your place place with an absolutely positively worry for your approach to expanding your living space. Those no shows by the contractors will never happen with these folks. And of course, incomplete work, no chance. No unexpected bills, no worries about the job not getting done right. And the people at strictly addition take care of every single last detail. They drop your blueprints. They get the building permits for you. And they handle all inspections too. Here's their five step easy approach to total customer satisfaction. First they call the schedule a free project evaluation appointment right in your house at your home. Or a project estimator will determine the scope of your addition. Secondly, they schedule a bit of home in their convenience. Or where you get a detailed proposal and an exact price to the penny for the work. Third, select your finishing touches. Contract fourth review the desired architectural drawings and then five sit back and relax with a big smile on your post. As your dream edition moves ahead on schedule with unbeatable quality. It's a piece of cake. Give strictly additions a call. 954 7918100. They serve all abroad in South Palm Beach. You can look at their ad in the yellow pages if you like. They're licensed. They're insured professionals who care about doing a super job for you. 954 7918100. Tell them that Neil and old pity landing tourty to call strictly additions. 956 855 855 555. 855 8567. 887. 899 861. 899 899. 899. 899. 999. 699. 899. 899. 899. 899. 899. 899. But, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but but, but, so, but, but, but, but, but, There's a little atmosphere for you to help it go down the goal it. Yeah, baby, I really dig that I was going to see. I'm with, I'm hip. I'm a hip stuff. The people from the North is going. I feel a little more sense in here. I'm going to yell at this. Thanks, Mal. Alright, so we got the meat head mad dog coming up at one followed by that fat jewel right after the quay and the spit. What's that? It's a play. The play. It's in a right career as well. The play. I'm an 18 at 5.60 W to cure. I'll tell you one thing man. He's off in a league of his own, you know. On our full today. Who do you think has got the worst look in here piece in the world? More Howard David 94. I think they're probably checking a QM website. James traffic at 68. He's put in a good battle. Sand Dallas in 47. Marvelous Marvel 31. Henry framed 18. Wasn't he a good friend of yours? I just changed. It just changed. I hate that. Most got 94. James traffic at 68. Sand Dallas in 47. Marvel 32. Henry framed 18. We're Reynolds 17. I've bad. Bill Schattner 11. Elton John 7. Will it Scott 7? Charlottesston 4. Tony Curtis 3. Lyle Menendez has got 3. Bob Eisenberg appear. Aaron Brown is up to to see. Now that we spelled it's name right. It's getting a couple of votes. Sean Connery and Martin Landau and Tony Bennett and Michael Douglas each have one. And Paul Simon don't have any. I don't know. Now you just made that up. Didn't you about Paul Simon were in a piece that came from Carlos? He saw it on a site. I see. Well, I've been out there. I've been out there. Nobody believes you. Carlos. Sorry. Nobody believes you. Just picking on him because he's Jewish. That's all because he's married to Edie Brickell. Right. That's a good. We know it makes me want to play that bit again. Almost immediately. It was a good bit. I like I said. New Jersey high court rules in favor of Democrats. Such as they are. Well, listen, you know, the other candidate couldn't win to a cell. They said they got to put somebody in. I have a shot. The states have been court ruled yesterday. Democrats can replace outgoing senator Robert to a cell. And they November fifth election ballot. While Republicans who promised an appeal opened a second front in the federal court. For our cell he dropped his reelection video yesterday after a ceremony rather after scandal that sent him tumbling in the polls Democrats want to replace him with a former Senator Frank Lawtonburg, but Republican candidate Doug Forster argued that state law requires candidates must withdraw at least 51 days before election day to be replaced on the ballot. There were just 30, 40 days left until the election. A lawyer for New Jersey 21 kind of clerk told a state for Supreme Courts Day was still feasible to put lot in Bergonna ballot before election day. Democrats put the price tag at $800,000 and the attorney John Carbone said of court challenges by the Republicans rag the process beyond two of the Wednesday of next week. It will be too late to reprint the ballots in time. The attorney for Forster has said the GOP intends to take the case all the way to the US Supreme Court to keep Toreselli's amount about. So we're right back where we were two years ago. You see what's going on here? Well, we had that five to four vote in the Supreme Court. And they said, I stopped counting votes, okay, Bush won. And I have this, I'm not going to prejudge, okay? You feel we have several fascist on the Supreme Court. As the parties awaited the ruling, lawyers for Forster said they would go to attorney General John Ascrop and file a federal voting rights law suit to force election officials to mail on absentee ballots with Toreselli's name on it. If ballots are mailed soon, voters overseas, especially US military personnel, could be denied their right to vote said Forster attorney Bill Baroney. There are absentee ballots that are destined for overseas to ships and bases that are in falsa new jersey. Every day every minute those ballots are in the falsa is this in franchising these military voters he said, and of course we won't, not most of them vote Republican anyway. The action is separate from the case before the New Jersey Court Baroney said. The New Jersey race is considered pivotal in Democratic efforts for their one seat control of the Senate Republicans argued we said a horrendous precedent to change candidates this close to the election because the nominee is tanked in the polls and put it out that some absentee ballots have been castred distributed already. Republicans said that Toreselli should stay on a ballot because he would do after the 51 day deadline. The Democrats argue there was legal precedent favoring a competitive election over the expensive developing new ballots. Attorney General David Samson, the shift minister that owns the armans, David Samson, a monitor's election full of courier today that they would be printing a new balance with the name of a new Democratic candidate could be performed without jeopardizing the race. We are not past the point that the train has moved so far down the track that we can't do what needs to be done he said. How did you like that huh? So the US Supreme Court maybe were this decided to course you know what they're going to say don't you? Yeah, I do. Toreselli, maybe, give his name back on there right away. Speaking of crooks, Enron's fast-out faces jail and restitution is what this is here. And that one of our favorite things is restitution. The former chief financial officer of Enron Corpus charges the connection with his role in the company's financial collapse. The charge against Andrew S. Fast-out 40 includes a curvy strad wire fraud mail fraud, money laundering and conspiracy reports CBS news correspondent Stephanie Lambad deques. The criminal complaint alleges Fast-out others devised a scheme to be fraud and run and a cheerholders to off the book partnerships which made the company look more profitable and what it was. Fast-out in his co-conspirator systematically and thoroughly corrupted the business of one of the largest corporations in the world deputy attorney general Larry Thompson told her was the news conference. I can tell you that we're going to get to the bottom of what happened and run every single person who is engaged in criminal or any other proper conduct will be brought to justice Thompson added. Fast-out surmitted voluntarily the FBI headquarters in Houston yesterday morning. Also yesterday the SEC filed a related civil suit against fast-out alleging that he defrauded investors and violated securities laws. The SEC is seeking unspecified civil money penalties against him and repayment of his allegedly ill-gotten gains. I was speaking of ill-gotten wait until you hear this you're going to love this. Yeah. Oh man. If I let me queue up the appropriate comment for this one moment please. One moment please where the hell is it? Here it is. One million pounds. No that's not. What's the idea that thing? You're out. Get out of here. Okay go see our old lecleo. You know it's not going to be worth it now. You know I mean in other words when there's the long pause the money it did not sit. It's not going to be worth it when I finally get to where Mad Dog says only in the banana republic baby only in Miami. Yes it was. During the past 17 years the Washington Bay Center for Democracy has monitored elections in 10 developing countries for male Salvador and Nicaragua to Russia and the Philippines. Come November day county might land on that list. See you soon the reasoning here. Yeah. While the nonprofit nonpartisan think take has promoted democracy around the world and these banana republic countries it had never been invited look on election in the west until now. Today the group's president and CEO Alan Weinstein is flying into town into Miami for a whirlwind of meetings with county elections officials and county commissioners to discuss exactly what it can offer and at what price to help ensure they know member five elections run smoothly. Assistant county attorney Murray Greenberg who contacted the group of the behest of commissioners said the meetings will decide whether the county works with this group or seeks assistance from somebody else. There are only a few nonpartisan US organizations that routinely do this kind of monitoring. We're monitoring you. If it appears to staff Alan Weinstein that there's a potential to monitor the elections to give a report at the end and we can agree on the terms then we'll put out a resolution to hire them before the commission on October 8th. The Center for democracies got an impressive list of credentials. It's board of directors include some really anxious people Henry Kissinger and Senators Jew Leighberman and that right wing bitch K. Bailey Hutchinson from Texas. It goes to commendations from former presidents of El Salvador and the Philippines. Among others thanking the group for helping to restore democracy in their countries and MLD Markos actually don't need a few pair of shoes for them too. How do you like them apples huh? We have to bring it an outside group to monitor the elections just to make sure that Dave County don't have more hanky panky going on again. And David Lee he still has his job. How does that possible huh David? I think you had to go under real estate with Brooke you know. Coach's answer to great idea. I think a neutral party should monitor those elections. Like you know that he's been elections officer and Dave County for 78 years. And Brooke just before she took that real estate job Brooke was just beginning her 200th year in broadcasting. I'll tell you what the benefits in the here I'll do better research it okay. That's my best advice to you if it's in the here I'll doubt it. It is a sound like you. Overworked. Underpaid. Stuck it a dead end job. Underappreciated. Then do yourself a favor pick up the phone to call the great people of fast train at their toll free number. One eight six fast train. The demand for certified computer professionals has never been bigger and better than is at this moment. And fast rank enough to achieve a brand new money making career and his little four months. Fast train is offload as largest certified Microsoft training center with locations in Pembroke pines for louder Dale Miami and I brand new one in Kendall. Fast train offers convenient day evening and weekend classes they got full time job placement to promote over 30 years experience. So if you're overworked underpaid underappreciated or stuck at some horse ball that end job. Don't wait one more minute. Pick up the phone call fast train toll free at one eight six six fast train. Think about it and just for short months you'll be on your way to becoming a high paid computer professional and career with greater and potential. Take my advice listen to Todd Rackino's scrap. Pick up the phone call fast train toll free at one eight six fast train. If I kill anywhere to get some good crap to that's one eight six six fast train or check them out on the web if you like it fast train dot com. I You're sports video five sixty two a You a yeah. Know that the lord even loves Neil Rogers. Don't around the run around the don't around the don't around the don't around the don't around the don't around the don't i don't I'm not pushing my shit, but it's not the way I pray for the faithfuls that who teach in you where they are Love the vengeance, that is how you must act Kill the sky, on your next life I'm not chasing you, I'm running out of rubber, I'm running out of rubber I'm running out of rubber, I'm running out of rubber, I'm running out of rubber I'm running out of rubber, I'm running out of rubber, I'm running out of rubber I'm running out of rubber, I'm running out of rubber, I'm running out of rubber Power, you make et Mom, fall, fall, fall, run, I'm running Rough,lemmedun! Rough, much... Valt, me, myself Real young, my darling, rome, diamond, diamond Oh, I know you're me I'm running out of rubber, I'm running out of rubber She's running! Tetbu crazy, let everything work on her Oh, I'm 32 at 5.60. Did you see the name of the sky in the story about Raky official suggested dual? No. His name is Tahha Yasin Ramadhan. Oh, handy. And a Raky vice president offered a unique solution to the US or back stand-up, a dual between George W. Voshen Sato Hussain, a mall for it. Tahha Yasin Ramadhan said the dual could be held on a neutral site, and with you on Secretary General Kofi An and as the referee. Ramadhan, wearing a green uniform and a black beret, made his remarks without giving any outward sign that he was joking, although reporters who were presently taken note of Ironine's voice. He kept going. He hit like that. Kind of like Greg always does. A president against a president and a vice president against a vice president and a dual takes place if he was serious and in this way we're saving the American and Iraqi people. Ramadhan told the Associated Press TV network. Iraq has two vice presidents and Ramadhan did not say whether he or Tahha Muheel in Maroof would take on Dick Cheney. Ramadhan also said that his government was not concerned by US lawmakers support of a resolution, a congressional resolution that would authorize the president to use military force against Iraq. We pay no attention to this issue. We said adding that approving such a resolution makes no difference to Iraq. Ramadhan criticized US efforts to delay the return of UN weapons inspectors to Iraq until the security council dropped stuff or measures that would give the inspectors broad new powers to hunt for weapons and match destruction and provide them a military backing. He said such efforts were aimed at hampering the inspection process. The Americans were surprised by the agreement reached by Iraq and the UN, so that reaction was unbalanced. He said referring to the deal in Vienna two day between Iraq and U.S. chief UN and weapons inspector and the U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UNWho are a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. The U.S. chief UN is a big deal. Markies top the century mark not only an age but also in votes now Who do you think has got the worst looking hair piece in the world? Mohawar David 101 James trafficent those given over on 40s got 72 nobody Facts this the name of that twerp Oh God I wish I knew his name right wing republic any was on every day on a guy on the a dim penis gay stuff An airbie talking had never worked come on some of you people out there must know the worst little silly s p some pretty sure he's from Ohio awful guy Sam Donaldson 52 Mar Valpar 34 Henry frames god 20 which is pretty good considering most people are realized He's the former superintendent of schools from day cutting that got can he was in the Oh man was he a bozo Burrendles 18 Bill Shattner 12. Elton John's got 11 Woodard Scott 7 trial and has been five Tony Curtis three Lyle Menendez has got three still he's stuck and can't get out five Eisenberg a pair of brown still with two and now everybody's got one Trunk hot any Martin land out Tony, but at Michael Douglas and Paul Simon each have one 347 votes, but most seems to be the leader of the pack if we can say that we say that You just did and I wish is the bit where they were he's planned leader of the pack Oh, I know which one of this okay 21 till noon at 5.60. I'm gonna come like I said the mad dog is back today after a well deserved They off yesterday bought ten of these guys on a station put in some real heavy duty hours and more power to him Fewer hours more money. That's the deal big bucks fewer hours. That's what we want Worked maybe one or two days a year get paid about six times what we're getting paid right now We'd say okay sounds good to us bring on those new owners. Okay, and let's hopefully pay us on time for a change You know, there's never been a better time to get a money to buy a new home or refinance that existing home because the rate of 3.95% sounds Absolutely unbelievable that's right financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95% if you just pick up that phone and get the information about it There's no obligation just call financial group. I'll answer right your questions. How does works call 1-800-940 L-END that's 1-800-9405363 the money. Gonna save as amazing think about it You need yourself a hundred thousand dollar loan for only 450 bucks a month or a 200 thousand dollar loan for only 950 bucks a month the process is simple you'll save yourself thousand bucks each year So pick that thing up and call our good buddies the folks at financial group at 1-800-940 land There's never been a smarter time to get you a low interest rate Call financial group and you be on a way to save a lot of cash their an equal housing lender credit restrictions Do apply and rates are subject to change so call them right now. Why do we think in about it? Call 1-800-940-L-END that's 1-800-9405363 My I know Nice to meet you name oh, don't mention it. Goldie you're not gonna get great to get today. I am out. Yeah, you know why Why's that? Oh, cuz rapes not funny, but I ain't gonna be a mean man no more if they think that's funny That's fine by me. Wow. You really changed your way. I've got about it I'm turning over a whole new figurin leaf. You have a nice day and paradise my cuddly friend Look out for that truck I wasn't even told before that bastard who's to my shoes Outside of the nesty old schmucky wasn't bad I'm saying I feel if he would be doing his good in the numbers. This is what he's doing he'd be have a 80-share 103 votes winning in the landslide today Top tickets for Martha arguing close personal friend a Broke where assistant involved in an insider trading pro-surrounding home decorating expert Martha's store Played a guillotine to want to meet a Mr. Meena yesterday cutting in the old prosecutors that signals further legal trouble for Stuart Douglas fan you old 26-rated guillotine's part of it. He'll detestify against the word and others who might be charging connection with sales of Imclone shares last December just before the stock price plunged On news that the FDA would not review a timely tab of cancer drug urban talks In court, fan you will said that during his interviews with law enforcement officials I did not truthfully reveal everything I knew about the actions of my immediate supervisor and the true reason for the reason for the Tipee sales He was the tipper and she was the Tipee Do you like that? Yeah, I thought I was somebody who'd like drank beer by the yard. You ever drink beer? I wanted those long glasses They had those long things. No, you know, I never had You've heard about that though sure. I've seen in the pubs in Boston at least when I lived there, which is like 40 years ago But that was a very big thing drinking beer by the yard And supposedly get like just Just No time and I like carnivals and fairs they sell those all the time so doesn't that make you also the Tipee Like tipper gore or just tipsy Merrill Lynch were fan you work handles towards sell nearly 4,000 in phones shares Fan you will reportedly had accepted nicks tickets and we've changed for hiding his knowledge from investigators The legend side of stock TV obviously stored cork paper city. We see next week of vacation in a free airline ticket Stewart's name did not appear in the criminal information crowd yesterday before the magistrate manhand incredible court Prosecutors are still trying to determine if Stuart was tipped off by her friend Sam Waxel and clone stata renex CEO or her Merrill Lynch broker Peter Back onivic who was fan you was boss every time I see that name. I think a Peter Bogdanovich. Why's that? I don't know the court Very similar, but the board goes back not a match. That's what what's his name said our James remember our James and concentration Yes In fact when I said a John ask off his spirit times gonna host the Bush administration's new version of concentration camp Now, let's be good of that this business about the world's funny is joke that you fact me that somebody sent in Yeah, or did Carlos I see I'm so sorry Because most of the most of the stuff you send has been so good, but look nobody's perfect This is from warriors so you have to understand this is a brick thing It says after a year of painstaking scientific research the world's funniest joke was re revealed today The world's funniest joke. Are you ready for this? Stratch yourself in You read it. Yeah, no one you sonboard and a project described as the largest ever scientific study into humor the British association for the advancement of science also known as bass As internet uses around the world to submit their favorite jokes and rate the funniest of other people's offerings More than 40,000 jokes from 70 countries and 2 million critiques later. This is it. This is supposed to be the funniest joke In history according to the brits 200s around in the woods for more than collapses. He doesn't seem to be breathing in his eyes or glazed The other man pulls out his phone and calls emergency services. He gasps to the operator my friend is dead. What can I do? The operator in a calm soothing voice replies take it easy. I can help first. Let's make sure he's dead There's a silence that his shot is heard back on a phone the hunter says okay now what You notice even Brooke isn't laughing She's not even chuckling See just Just a little tiny one Just like that That's the funniest joke in a world. No one of the worlds in his shape. It's in the day I heard Rick Riley give like a little like that Researcher's found significant differences between nations and types of jokes they found funny and of course your passion said you think that's funny Who else said that line remember in a network They were what's his name bill Holden was telling that joke again about take me to the foot of the George Washington bridge Right and the a news guy he comes in now you think that's because they're all cracking up in the newsroom You think that's funny they just to the right of put Howard Beale back on you're doing his angry man thing yeah, remember that What's wrong with being angry to put a profit denouncing me here. Pocrosy of our times That is that's got to be in my in my book because there's so many stupid people out there the most underappreciated movie of all time Next to deadbolt with Adam what's his name? Baldwin That was a pretty good flick and you're right if there's a movie on that you haven't seen before why not give it a shot Yeah, I'm totally it might have been a sleeper I enjoyed it. I even miss guiding light yesterday release most of it so that I could watch that movie was on from two to four on showcase deadbolt with what's your name again jackwell And I'm just Dean Bateman just Dean Bateman and Adam Baldwin And the movie was from 10 years ago, which means he was 30 then I'll tell you forgot to look 30 he was still Pretty good to me any's a good actor That's I didn't watch it just because he was in it all I will say I am mesmerized by animal. I don't know why I mean there's better looking guys than Adam Baldwin, but he is mesmerizing There's just something about him, you know you just want to like take a peek at it People from the UK the Republic of Ireland us right in New Zealand preferred gags involving wordplay such as Patient doctor I've got a strawberry stock up my bum doctor I've got some cream for that And they and they and they do say that by the way, Lee bomb is short. Yeah, I know Which cracks me up they could be saying something deadly serious and it's not quite me Americans and Canadian and all Canadian jokes are the the all-time worst okay it always involves those two guys and moves jaw or something you know Americans the Canadian favorite jokes where people were made to look stupid Texan where are you from Harvard grad I come from a place where we do not end our sentences with prepositions Texan okay where are you from jackass Meanwhile many Europeans like gags that were surreal are made light of serious subjects such as illness death and marriage A patient says doctor last night I made you 40 in slip I was having dinner with my mother and law wanted to say Could you please pass the butter but instead I said you silly cow you completely ruined my life why Oh I think I think that's enough Although here death earned big laps in Scotland I wanted I peacefully and my sleep like my grandfather not screaming in terror like his passengers That's not bad. It's good. I like that come on bro. You can do it for me We have you 72 years on the air in South Florida a little chocolate is in order huh? An animals figured prominently take the number one joking England. Oh, this ought to be good two weasels Say I know there be jurbles involved if it's in England Two weasels are sitting on a bar stool one starts to insult the other when he screams I slept with your mother the bar gets quiet is everyone listens to see what the other weasel will do The first yells again. I slept with your mother the other says go home dad you drunk Like I said Woo I'm what's this thing you just facts me from gene lines who that was that? I don't know but oh, it also the one you facts me that's about a hundred pages the bush plants Rempar the presence real goal in a rack by a jay bookman. Yes from bush watch already got that I think whoever sent them it it's very long You know, I need for the propitious deproport moment to read it since I'm sure that we got plenty of time since we're now all this Pan Americanism is coming back Teddy Roosevelt would he even he'd be embarrassed I think I'm telling well Let's start saw let's invade the Philippines Get all them dance shoes back from a militar Teddy right now just just as revenge for what's his name Andrew canannon Let's just invade the Philippines, oh, and he said they smell bad over there. Remember that right Oh and speak it of that The room around the room around the building is which I'm surprised what you must have been out in the hall trying to get the elevator working again But PD Lenny told me that our good close personal friend Greg was in the T-room this morning after mode when in there and drop a little Little number and PD open up the door and there was Greg on his hands and he sniffed around the edges of the bowl and he says he's right his Schmidt don't stink Can you believe that No, oh Meet the new boss same as the old boss now. What is this about? Because I got a bush it's about bush. Well, I got more I got other bush stuff CIA rejects requests for report on preparations for war and Iraq The CIA has refused to provide Congress a comprehensive report on its rule in a possible American campaign against Iraq Setting off a bitter dispute between the agency and leaders of the Senate and Teldon's committee Congressional leaders said yesterday and it contentious closed door Senate hearing yesterday Agency officials refused to comply with a request from the committee for a broad review of how the intelligence communities Tendist and roll against the government of Saddam Hussein would be coordinated with a diplomatic and military actions that the bush administration is planning Lawmakers said they were further in sense because the director of the CIA George Tennett Who had been expected to testify about the rack report didn't even appear at the classified hearing a senior intelligence official said Mr. Tennett was meeting with President Bush Instead the agency was represented by the deputy director John McLaughlin and Robert Wallpole the national intelligence officer for strategic and nuclear programs The agency rejected the committee's request for a report after the reduction Congressual leaders accused the administration of not providing the information out of fear of revealing divisions Among these state department CIA Pentagon other agencies over the Bush administration fought a strategy in Iraq Government officials said the agency's response also strongly suggested that Mr. Bush had already made important decisions How to use the CIA and a potential war with Iraq once senior government officials said it appeared that the CIA did not Moneration when assessment of the Bush strategy that might appear to be second guessing of the president's plans The dispute was just the latest of several confrontations between the CIA and Congress over access to information about a range of domestic And foreign policy matters just last week lawyers for the general accounting office and vice president Cheney Are you in federal court or whether the White House must turn over confidential information on the energy policy task force Then Mr. Cheney headed last year. I'm gonna tell you man this stench you can smell it all the way up here. Hey, that's emanating from down there I mean we got people running in the country right now many of whom ought to be in jail the ought to be behind bars Those enron people their small potatoes compared to what's going on there and we're going hey, yeah, let's let's go get on Let's yeah, went one for the jipper or something like that and that how it goes parachute mystery at Marine base Yes, so great with stuff around the edges of the bull Suspension lines on 13 parachutes were cut before a training exercise last month forcing three jumpers to use their reserve shoots in Marine course At this week the tamping was discovered September 21 when five Marines jump from a C 17 aircraft during heavy equipment Pursue training at Camp La Junne Three parachutes malfunctioned in the jumpers used reserve shoots to land safely a statement from the rain said and Inspection showed the lines of the three parachutes had been cut in a way to avoid detection the statement said at least Not other shoots still packed away to young shells and warehouses were found with similar problems It was unclear where the 13 sand the touch parachute was found a call to Camp La Junne public affairs Of course was not returned main investigators and agents from the Naval Criminal Investigative Service are looking for a possible saboteur You know why I think it might be I think it might be somebody we haven't talked about on the show in a long time He's an oh-john provacitor Rimes would provide might be dick fatherly. Did he dead? That's what I heard. I think he's still dead by the way. I could be wrong Who do you think has got the worst looking hairpiece in the world the worst looking piece? Mohour David 107 James traffic cat 80 Sand Donaldson 56 Marv Albert 36 Henry frying is up to 21 now. He's moving up the ladder Burk Reynolds 19 Bill Shattner 13 Elton John Favre everybody else in single digits Everybody else has got a single digit Speaking of your hair by the way. I think it's a great lead in for Chuck Alfieri. Don't you? Because that's the choice you got guys you can either look like somebody's clowns on this list or you can look like a munch You can look like you got real hair on your head instead of like some horrendous Rotest animal from outer space just fluid and plop right down on your forehead So if you got that big vault spot and you'd like to get to her back which help you make look a lot better and also Younger as well. Here's the answer for it Charles Alfieri's natural hair line system and I keep been telling you for years in years now This is why even many of the people with a most money in the world They go to Charlie if they're smart because they know that for no amount can they get a better look and hit a hair than the natural hair line system It looks like they hear as really grow out of your scalp instead of what I just mentioned only moments before No holes in the head no blood dripping down your forehead No dangerous pills to take that don't work anyway just a great looking head of hair And when you call Charlie be sure mention you arrive just 20 to make that call because you'll get you a special 200 dollar discount off the regular price And don't forget Charlie also services and repairs all types of hair systems while you wait for only 25 to 30 bucks And you have nothing lose but that big our evolved spot because his system is fully guaranteed if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells If we not get in the head at least 15 times today Charlie will give you a full refund So pick up that phone and make that call the data bring in for a free consultation and I'll actually show you just how much better and younger They can get you guys to look call 1 800 3 to 1 24 13 that's 1 800 3 to 1 24 13 or log on to Charles Alfieri.com Well I do believe it be the one that's well about what coming up tonight I'm inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story We take a good hard stiff look and a start of when a woman has only one hand song She can either give up the business and work in retail or simply marry Paul Simon and give a big You live a world Way to go Maybe break out Well, I remember when I first recorded what I am I have been playing the clubs with my band a new bohemian's course and Well, yeah, that's really interesting He's so much Paul Simon like in the sack what seems like kind of a neb as you know But sometimes those short and erotic guys have a pretty decent package look Could we out of respect talk about music? Okay, I'm sorry. Let's talk about music. Okay. Thank you that fall time is sure it's some songwriter I love you can call me out Hey, I look cut that out You're right, Ety I'm sorry. Let's talk about you. All right then as I was saying one of Fucking brilliant idea. I mean you have one hit you can tell your career's going down the tube So what do you do you bang a legend my hats off to you babe? You know what I'm going to sue you people tell the truth as garfunk a liver come over for a three way go to hell Etyberg health It's so easy to piss you off It's a big juicy stopping what like a show business tonight on inside the behind You know, I find this a little bit ironic that the Republicans are screaming foul in New Jersey because God forbid We should have any like you know, Hanky Panky elections. Oh, yeah So let's go back to our good nine friends on a supreme court. Let's go back to the supreme's and see How what tuned down is singing this way? This is basically what it boils down to All here's some great news. I know you're going to be very excited about this Soundtrack for the King still rains baby It's still raining He's dead What else Anyway Elvis may have left the building but he's still in a record store and he's managed to sell a half million copies of his new disc today View at number one on the album charts Not only did Elvis 30 number one hitstab you at number one in the US it taught the charts in 16 other countries including the UK Canada, France and Australia It's the first ever Elvis album to debut at the top of the charts in the US According to industry figures released yesterday It sold a little more than a half a million copies already and that's just a new west The disc was boy by a massive marketing campaign from press release record label RCA records and by the hoop law Serum in the 25th anniversary of Elvis's death back in August, which we of course celebrated a great length on his show Coach about the hope of the year The debut of Elvis 30 number one hits at the top of the chart speaks as much the Elvis's future is it as it was past at our same music group chairman Bob Gimmison Which means they aren't finished exploiting him yet The album includes classic including love me tender return to sender are you loan some tonight jailhouse rock burning love and this piece of crap Although I will say this much at least on this particular mix Because this disc I've got to go three at least this one he doesn't sound like he's off in a in a barrel somewhere You know best mix ever but still yeah, but then that's the shirt one, but the other one Oh yeah It even the music sounds like it's coming through a slainer on that tinted Elvis versus J. itself If you don't need those marches in your fight of exploit Elvis something The last thing you need Boying a white man dizzy always I'm not open up the box be done what's in the box She would have been said like he's like about a hundred miles away mutated how's deals online gambling a blow The house tried to strike a blow against internet gambling yesterday with passenger will build and make it illegal to use credit cards or any form of a Electronic payment for the illegal offshore activity. How do you like that? I sure we don't I sure we don't lose any money here on WQM because of this barbaric behavior of the Congress We have all these important things going on the world of what are they worried about? Online gambling We shut off the money we shut off the sites it representative Spencer Beckas, we public who novella Bama As once again those right wing is show their repressive heads The bill passed the house on a voice vote and I go to the Senate where faces an uncertain future because only a few weeks are left in the legislative Session as we be known It may be impossible to keep illegal gambling sites out the worldwide web But it is entirely possible for rent American credit card companies from completing these transactions that these cooks need to make their money And that's what this bill does says representative Joseph pit Republican of Pennsylvania Experts estimate that revenues from internet gambling largely conducted by offshore companies because of a ban in the US Could exceed 4.2 billion dollars next year The bill champion by representative James Leach Republican of Iowa But make it a crime for your gambling business to accept credit cards sex or fund transfers and connection with unlawful internet gambling Internet gambling serves no legitimate purpose in our society. He said it's a danger to the family It's a danger to society at large Is what Leach said? How do you like that? Have you always felt that way by internet gambling? Oh Terribly threatened, huh all the time crap my pants. I'm so worried about it and of course you see what the next spot is coming up on a lot That's right Since internet gambling sites are overseas and beyond a reach of US law enforcers American officials can seek injunctions against American banks and credit card companies To try to stop them from processing any credit card transaction or other financial instrument will they specified illegal internet gambling site Lawmakers said internet gambling especially praise on college age youth who have access to credit cards and computers But no way pay the bills they run up. What's wrong with college age youth anyway, huh? I like college age youth. Yeah, who doesn't I think this is an extremely important bill for all America But especially for our youth who use computers for hours and hours every day Said representatives James Lef Fauci or Democrat of New York or Democrat government investigators with the GA also last week that internet gambling is susceptible to money laundering and related criminal activity So if you're gambling on the head baby just like if you're if you're a smoking if you're token If you're a pump and gas into your car your help in a criminal activity You're helping terrorists no doubt when you think all the time Airlines lacks in pilot background checks. Oh The nation's airline sometimes failed to check the safety records and qualifications of the pilots day higher as required by federal law according to a new congressional report Describing compliance with the 1997 laws not always complete or timely the GA O found that lapses and hiring presses How commercial air carriers is embarrassing and grow test the GA O the investigative armoured Congress Confidently report release to they that airlines were not requesting information from all three sources specified in the law Because the number request to each varied Air carriers are required to obtain pilots driving and flying records from the FAA The National driver register and other carriers Michael Wascom spoke some for the air transport association said It's essential that airlines check pilots backgrounds will continue to fulfill our obligations working cooperatively with the FAA and Transportation Department wascom said Congress passed along 1997 After pilots who are least partially responsible for seven deadly airlines and we're found we've had problems at previous jobs The December 94 crash of an American eagle flight a more special North Carolina was caused by a pilot who incorrectly assumed an engine had failed And didn't follow proper procedures the National Transportation Safety Board said the pilot is co-pilot and 13 passengers died five people survived US investigators said the pilot was hired by flagship pair carriers operating as American Eagle Act To being recommended for dispensal by another airline com air flagship was not aware that recommendation or was training problems This is kind of like the priest thing and oath of vicious enterprise cover up The GAO said the FAA should clarify guidelines about the content of pilot records and rules about retaining them Powder rights also should be posted on FAA's website and the agencies to incorporate requirements for pilot records and inspectors training and handbooks the GAA said See all this dog and pony show that goes on about after 9 11 how we're really tightening up everything And we're I mean for example if you got on a plane and as you were you're getting ready to board your seat Which in your case would be way way in the back and you like land stuff there in a cockpit and you saw the pilot and they are co-cat They're sitting in there with their Arab do shoot whatever they call those things what do they call rags? They're what I was rag like the Saudis were you know right? I think you know why I think you would do same thing I would do I turn around or run off there. I get in that jet weight The back screen you can say off-mod the off-mod the off-mod Right Man speaking of pilots by the way Plain who arm pilots is taking off since the Senate vote are overwhelmingly less month to warm up to 85,000 airline pilots carriers and safety advocates Of race numerous concerns about the cost of security and safety but so far nobody appears to be listening Despite renewed criticism from airline executives and private worries from some government officials The measure seems certain to become law the politics of guns is overwhelmed the storm moving aviation world according to officials Lobbyist and capital and siders the politics of guns Vigress lobbying by pilots and gun rights groups who say concerns about the proposal of an overblown Eroded most objections from Congress proposals to make airline pilots eligible to carry gun Pass the House of Representatives in July and the Senate and September Group such as the NRA urge lawmakers to vote for the measure and few wanted to oppose it in the election year Even some liberal lawmakers who generally favor gun control embraced the idea they put their arms around if they squeezed it They grab and I'm for it by the way and I'm sorry you yes Might have not I mean if they're fool if they're fully trained they know what they're doing. We don't want some goofballs sitting up there with you know with a Wild weapon, you know what a bunch of what a collection of shotguns Huh? I think these three fifty seven magnum would be good not only that but they can make low with velocity bullets A specialty shells that don't go through the halls so they're not gonna be right I think that way of somebody gets rowdy like in first class. I mean maybe has a couple of two drinks The pilot comes out and he waves that you know shiny three fifty seven magnum rather a little bit Very what's new used to do in a good old days So bring it up Yeah, that'll make you sit back Or in your seat and calm down buckle up that seat belt and shut up your pie hole especially that guy that was taking a crap on this serving a cart Remember that yeah, I would have straight in his ass Oh yeah 115 votes for the mole myster Who do you think has the worst looking hairpiece in the world? More Howard David one 15 James traffic and his closing the gap baby 84 he's moving in on him better watch your backside mo Sam Donaldson 57 Marvalbard 41 Henry forine 24 for Reynolds 21 Bill Shattner 14 Elton John 12 everybody else in single digits even at silly as we've ordered Scott Hey, speaking of pledging your brains out by the way is there still anybody out there even in the government who isn't playing at the FH sportsbook.com Then you better get with it baby. You're missing out on a really great sportsbook and what the hell screw all those right wingers Okay, and all those other assholes if you want to punch your guts out It's the home of the land in the free. It's had a rinse-a-one at least for the moment You hear a lot of ads these days, but do some research before you're plunk your cash down It's a unstable third world sportsbook. Say like in North Carolina Let me help you out VIP sportsbook to calm is the only book to be unanimously endorsed by the industry watchdogs They're Dutch based and more of the first online sportsbook See anything that's like you know on a borderline of you know, I'm saying is always Dutch based and that's good So if you want to go on a roll-of-a-life time You want to be hooked up with the best sportsbook going that of course like I keep telling you is VIP sportsbook.com The football season is in full swing. We're swinging it and you need to be with the IP sportsbook.com So open an account online and when you do that you get a 15% cash on iPhone is and by the way you can still do it Did I mention they got the highest parlay odds you'll find up to 2001? So get your ass over to VIP sportsbook.com and play it a book with some serious class called 1-86-6 VIP bets Just you know, give me all the finger. Okay, whichever one you want those assholes and know DC 1-86-6 VIP bets. Don't forget if you sign up online you get that 15% cash bonus at VIP sportsbook.com where you be the VIP Greg hate you boots on a crack holes out didn't get busy with this old his out Thursday night today I'll show you how to cut from design a kitchen for cooking up some crack and create a couple of deliverance A chord just perfect for cracking a couple of 40s which are classic and then you know bitches over the cap So join ice each week if you fives up this low flow if just oh his ass is on the in the hood and god channel Be up Wooder 16 at 5.60 WQAM Algors says present lost an economic wilderness racing in the wrong direction That's what Algors says big wood now Algors said yesterday that president Bush has lost an economic wilderness racing in the wrong Regiment critical domestic issues are ground out by international affairs in the final ways of the midterm campaign Gore considering whether to challenge Bush in 2004 God forbid said the president should focus as intently on the following economy as he has on foreign affairs In second in second speech in about a week harshly criticizing the Bush administration The former vice president called for a short term stimulus program that would include Extended unemployment benefits and help for small businesses to drill the U.S. economy out of stagnation He also suggested to the replacement of some on the Bush economic team We've got an election five weeks from now and a lot of the most important issues don't seem to be being discussed very much here Of course that at the Brookings Institution America's economy is in big trouble and I'm worried our current approaches Thaling us, Gorset Waiting for action by the new Congress next year could be too late. He said in the era may global recession or worse Cove already taken hold We're also said in other priorities to be addressed including cost for homeland security possible war in Iraq and short-term economics stimulus program As to his speech after his speech, your Bush's tax cuts should be reconsidered Gorset Bush should follow the example of Ronald Reagan with the same point in his presidency Reassets is economic policy that was back during the Reagan recession by the way He ought to have an open mind and accept responsibility for the fact that when he thought it would happen What he said would happen ain't happening Gorset and ain't happening If we turn a blind eye to where we could economy eventually under my everything else we're trying to accomplish he said He can I'm a speech followed other recent democratic efforts to shift the political debate from Iraq to the economy So now all of a sudden Gorset but enough of big enough and would all do apologies for our good pissed off friend and plantation too bad Because as usual too little too late and This ingenuous I'm serious I know you're living he's got no credibility he's all over the place But nevertheless I mean you know how anybody he go on here and she'll throw out Gore you have to be some kind of a simple idea to do that Yeah, of course. I think he'd make a fine president He would not That was my Of what we got now Pads and shoulders about it even if only in terms of pointing judges Gosh These people just don't get it. You know it's all a big joke. Ah, little the work like that because they're gonna say they're on the same level with a bushmaster in I crowd that crowd of marine Nazis Bush wants to expand use of amber alert says you wasted it and you know why you wasted it is right about this because it's colorful Great good good taken Emerging from a tier field private session with families of kidnapped children president bush ideas that predators are smooth and seductive and they must be fought by spending nationwide the system of broadcasting urgent bulletins when a child is taken Our society has a duty a solemn duty to shield children from exploitation and danger bush Told about 600 heartbroken, but still hopeful family members law enforcement officials and experts Gathered for White House sponsored conference one is too many especially for the mom or dad who suffers deeply He said Like probably Lydia's mom and dad if she's got one Bush said the federal government would help turn the now patchwork use of amber alerts into white coordinated Nationwide network would ten million dollars for training and equipment upgrades He also announced the justice department would establish an national standard for the alerts and assign a new federal Amber alert coordinated to boost cooperation among state local plants. I've only one problem with all this net is how do we know if the Amber alerts given by the federal government isn't the Amber alert about the terrorist threat you follow them saying In other words, how do we keep our our amber alert straight is what I'd like to know? Isn't it yellow Isn't what yellow that medium level now right now? Yeah, I Don't know and I were worried I find out you was say today No, seriously, they don't and ain't got it when you think like in the upper right hand corners and they got half of the other They're at rest of the screen block on there anywhere What is that a bush prior it's I don't be playing music while the president's speaking more bloodscree you Unpaid you out of goofball. Do you what else wrong with you man? We're gonna send you us over to C-SPAN if you don't watch it you idiot God can't believe that don't you think in the corner of the screen there and have like the today's alert thing sure They got the stock market thing some some channels that got like the temperature They got their own channel logo. I mean they blackout 90% of the screen anyway So I don't know if it's yellow for example was orange there for a couple of days back around September 11 and Then they alerted back to Yellow yellow But they call I'm sure they call it yellow. Are you positive we know that Greg's life on it? No A series of high-profile child up I'm the case Amvocations abductions this year Samantha Rungian and Daniel van Damon, California Cassandra Williamson and Missouri Elizabeth Spartan you tell among them have filled the headlines and terrified parents before his remarks bush held an emotional 40-time And immediately behind closed doors with about a dozen people involved in missing children cases. I'm a cry shedding tears How do you like that? I wonder how many tears he's gonna shed for all the military that are gonna die over there in an early least Needlessly and I once who may get the you know the biological and chemical or chemical crap, at least on them I think he's gonna cry for them no And how come he wasn't this fearful for all of the victims of abuse by the priest you know this how he was fairly momma on that Pretty momma because because that's dangerous certainly anybody who's a professional candidate then want to be alienating the Catholic church Speaking of which Tavir starring a Roman Catholic chaplain at Los Angeles juvenile detention center has yet to wonder the art dice He's towering new 108 million dollar cathedral He says he's uncomfortable worshiping an our lady the angels cathedral with its fancy gift shop and imported Alibaster windows given the layoffs another cutbacks caused by a 4.3 million dollar budget deficit at the headquarters of the nation's largest arts dices 189 million dollar cathedral they got the deficit will cause 60 people their jobs this month and curtail programs that offer anti abortion counseling and served college students Gays minorities inmates in disabled. I'm sure the purpose of said about that not The deficit will cause 60 people their jobs this month and I'll occur tail programs that offer anti abortion counseling and Serve college students gaze minorities inmates in the disabled and the purpose and all right He's probably rubbing his beads together over it. I like it There are some bad feelings about the church how they've chosen to allocate funds since starring who'll lose half his 24 staff members to the layoffs It would have been nice if we heard that we really did try to save some of those services But I never heard that it just shows where the priority is build and bigger and got your edifices Else we're around the country the arts dice. These is a Boston church Chicago Milwaukee, and I was budget cuts among the reasons given the downturn on Wall Street Higher operating cost a drop off in contributions because of the priest sex scandal and the prospect of multimillion dollar settlements with victims Harsh money I think what we can tell for sure is that these sex abuse scandal will cost the American Catholic church Literally billions of dollars before it settled said Jim post head of the voice of the faithful and organization of lay cat looks Formed in response to the sex scandal in Boston. That's money that could be used for many other purposes In Los Angeles, Cardinal Mahani is insisted the cut backs were not caused by spending on the new cathedral Which opened on September 2 the money was raised from donations during the bullmeers of the 90s. You said as if it makes a difference, you know Like another resistors a different bunch of money Arts dice he spoke from in Todd Tambour who said stock market losses and higher operating expenses Not the sex abuse crisis are to blame for the cut backs in LA But you noted that the church must be prepared for settlements with victims It's not possible to determine future liability with regard to suits of yet to be filed But certainly such contingencies must be examined and planned for timbers said the Boston arts dice He said the very center of the scandal had a cut this years budget by 40 percent Face with more than 400 claims of priest sex abuse the arts dice He's just said it's kind of planning filing for bankruptcy as the last resort that would allow the church to continue operating Oh, wouldn't that be great? The whole Catholic church goes bankrupt goes but files chapters 11 12 13 and 14 and of course is not what they specialize the priest in 11 12 13 and 14 See how God works in mysterious ways you fall dry you connecting the dots just like the president You know and the right wing or zoolet chicken dogs. They're connecting the dots Man, 21 votes for the mole mice to run impressed. Well, he is maintaining a pretty but it's a good battle. Don't you think? Not just close yet I think you're wrong. I think traffic and his movement right in on this territory Who do you think has got the worst look in peace in the world the worst looking here piece? No, Howard David 121 James traffic at 94 Sam Donaldson and we still didn't get anybody to fix me the name of that god that pisses me off Nobody knows that it's what it is they do can't you picture him in your mind right now? No, I can't think and Charlie Chaplin little mousey looking guy now a little skinny mousey looking congressman from all how I believe with With a holding hit and like a little black piece in the middle kind of like a puce brown piece Look, I somebody took a dump on his head James traffic at 94 Sam Donaldson 15 nine Marvalbard 43 Henry Fein 24 Brut Reynolds 22 William Schatter 14 out in John 12 and everybody else is sucking wind van They're in single digits Tony Venice to only has one by the way in Paul Simon's going You got one yeah, I got one book of Ryan's got one 1226 at five 60 WC and the mad dog We turns today a one o'clock so it's strappers self-in You know Matt for shopping. I've been telling you for about 100 years now is the total waste time if you do it the old fashion way In fact most things the old fashion way Forget about it do with the smart way pick up that phone and call my pizons my palies at dialometrist call 1 800 Mattress you'll be talking to somebody who we know is the mattress vinas now some clown and apartments to who sells lamps one day And so far the next day and TV sets on Thursday and it's set of and so on You talked to people know what it's all about and who will hook you up with exactly what you're looking for So if the old mattress isn't with a job for you anymore if you're not getting a good night's sleep If your back is really feeling a difference Get you a great new name Brad Mattress at an unbeatable price from dialometrist with one EC phone call They got surdah they got silly Simmons King Coral the best names in the business and because they got the deepest selection of brand-day mattresses exactly the one you're looking for is in stock ready for almost immediate delivery When it's convenient for you and your family whoever's gonna be home like you picked it to our window any day the week seven days Between 11 and one and noon and two and one and three and two and four etc And they also given that 30 day in home comfort guarantee so you can test the mattress the only intelligent way by putting your ass on it and sleeping on it and doing stuff on it So pick up the phone right now You'll thank me for getting you in touch with dialometrist You'll never go back and buy another mattress the old fashion stupid way call dialometrist right now There'll be there a no time call 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TTR ES or check them out on that wicked worldwide web at Macris dot com Nearly 350 cases of West Nio virus infections were identified I'm from the experts of West Nio virus will spread call the fever like blue like Do Everyone Yeah That's not what's my old He's in my friend He's in my own it's a case of good light's burning So what's up? I've been there a week Shodd again Property to a 5-6-2-1 If you have any clue, this thing that just got thanks to us from the Palm Beach Post Thank you very much by the way, whoever affects this in one of our regular factions The air marshal thing? Yeah, yes Now this ties in with what I was reading before about the pilots Right, but times through I had about the pilots in their backgrounds This is shocking In today's Palm Beach Post, though us Air Marshal was rejected for police job A federal air marshal held a Delta Airlines flight at gunpoint And then through a lake where Dr. Nguys smelly cell was rejected twice by the Philadelphia Police Department After failing psychological testing, Philadelphia and Quarra reported yesterday In addition, the air marshal Sean B. McCuller's 29 Received only part of the required training less than two weeks when he was hired this summer the newspaper said Originally, I said it looked like these guys were maniacs Dr. Bob Raj Kumar remember him The lake with family physician and former Army doctor was detained on the flight But it looks like they really wore a psychologically troubled Raj Kumar said US Senator Bob Graham and representative Bob Waxler have written in promising that they would investigate the liberty we can flight In which McCuller is with another air marshal held 183 passengers at gunpoint And yelled at them to duck, keep their eyes forward and hands and feet out of the aisle Passing years later said the two denied edifying themselves as marshals And that some suspected the flight had been commended by terrorists Questions about the air marshal's background raised more concerns about the Bush administration's screening and training of air marshals For the transportation security administration, a federal agency created and response to the line level of attacks McCuller and the other marshal Samuel Momma Have been accused by passengers of overreacting during delta flight 442 from Atlanta to Philadelphia on August 31 30 minutes before landing air marshals tackled an unruly tamarack passenger and tied him down in the first class section next to Raj Kumar When the plane landed they escorted to the unruly passenger off then returned with two Philadelphia police officers And handcuffed Dr. Raj Kumar and tossed him an airport cell for three hours without notifying his wife Dorothy The air marshal stole Raj Kumar and American Avist Indian descent they didn't like the way he looked or the way he looked at them the doctor said Don't you y'all and me Let's get Dr. Fill on this Two weeks ago, Raj Kumar put the federal government on notice that he and his wife planned to sue a good for him Taming was unfurled in a tame because of his skin color A Pennsylvania judge who was also a passenger said he had about 30 passengers of complaint to federal authorities about the air marshal's actions McCullers with addresses listed both in Philadelphia and Wilmington Pennsylvania joined the TSA after a Stimothe US border patrol in California according to the inquiry That's the Philadelphia inquiry he joined a border patrol in 96 after failing a psychological exam for law enforcement jobs in Philadelphia He had applied to the police department in the fire department in 94 the police force again 95 and corrections department 95 the border patrol didn't require applicants to pass psychological exams even if they were standing there going Move a little bit like that. We don't care if you beat them banners two sources for migratory marshals training told the inquiry that McCullers got no more than two weeks of training in summer And that he apparently was exempted from the full course because of his border patrol's experience To meet excited way to hiding orders hiring orders after 9.11 terrorist attacks at least 2,000 air marshals were hired from among tens of thousands of applicants in just a few months Training over all was cut from 12 weeks to 6 or 8 weeks or less for people with previous federal enforcement experience according to chat runner spokesman for the DOT David Stigman and transportation spokesman defended the commercial program this weekend's suggested that the flying public need to become better acquainted with inflex security according to the inquiry article Federal air marshals are highly trained law enforcement professional statements said each of them can be called upon to make it any moment a split second decision while traveling hundreds of miles an hour 30,000 feet about the ground but no backup Said rhymes Kumar these are the best they have to offer God help America nice going there doc. Let's hear it for the dog. How do you like that? Let me say it again if these are the best they have to offer God help America America as they continue pulling the world ship rolling over your eyes folks put it on the dog and pony show They don't even identify who the hell they were can you imagine a people crap in their pants? I'm here. Yeah, who these two guys with their guns drawn parking orders and screaming and carrying on. We're nothing appears to be going on Man By the way, they're making a big deal on this to get five shootings in 15 hours in Maryland. Yes, I thought that well, what is that a big deal? I don't know I mean it seems to me about standard for the US nice grouping What do you mean oh that's in the in a particular area? Are you suggesting are is this a racial comment again now? No A federal judge this week throughout an 800 million dollar lawsuit found by a Maryland doctor who claims cell phones causes brain tumor US district judge Katherine Blake said nothing evidence submitted by doctor Christopher Newman was substantial enough To order trial against cell phone manufacturer Motorola and several major cell phone carriers And we had that story from Sweden a few days ago. Well this continued substantiating it even though we may not believe it The 45 billion dollar wireless indices been watching the case closely because could have opened the door to other lawsuits have allowed to proceed No other such claims have succeeded so far Newman in your relatives claims the order analog cell phone used from 1992 to 1998 causes brain cancer Newman's attorneys presented scientific evidence showing that Analog phones may cause tumors the Blake ruler was overwhelmed by evidence showing no relationship Between cell phone radiation and cancer Newman's attorney John Angela say told no one of the decision he's disappointed as we are we didn't pass the standard Angela said adding that his firm may appeal No more is a new annumence tumor say that 50 times come on Newman's tumor was removed but his lower set is blind and one eye suffers memory loss in the slowed speech and can no longer work cell phones are used by 97 million Americans Digital phones emit radiation and pulses older analog varieties emit continuous waves by the time cell phones exploded in popularity In late 90s most of those sold used digital technology three major studies published in December 2000 including one by the National Cancer Institute found no harmful health effects from cell phone Leave it I Yeah, I do I think there's nothing to that I'm not going to worry about you know you know what it's like what also you know if you sit to close to your TV said you get too much right in the sun and melanoma That's right. Couple out there in the sun In fact, do a Howard Hughes baby. We got a lot of money just put yourself in a big bubble stay inside right wash your hands every five minutes and it Issue boxes for shoes right do your fingernails make sure you clip your nails every course. I don't have any nails And of course, I guess Howard Hughes would have found on biting your fingernails when you think oh nasty. Can you imagine all the germs that might be under the even if you're like like Michael Jackson you're in like one of those bubbles, you know The oxygen tent right something like that You know, even if you're like an intensive care in the ICU I mean this such a thing is curing it a little bit too far don't you think it's like guys that wash their hands after taking a leak. It's the same thing People that just get carried away people are trained to be just like Pavlov and the dog and the whole thing. You know, take a leak wash your hands take a leak Well, it's silly like I said if you care about your penis about your private if you really that compelled compelled Compulsive about clean this wash your hands first then go take a leak. Okay, because I guarantee you hopefully There's a lot more germs on your hands and there are on your penis believe me when I've told you that so if you're concerned about cleanliness And I know you don't believe it if you're one of those splash bag people yeah, I listen I mean it's so small. I'm lucky to splash period. Okay All the I have been on to take some very prodigious leaks. I mean I guess the the I didn't really have anything to do with how big your unit is not necessarily know It's a pressure thing I see Well, look at that pressure in Louisiana. I want to the key questions is power You see this is going to be blown away right there. And look at the market all of a sudden I was gonna say anything because it was you know kind of hovering with a few points to the good and I don't want to jinx anybody so I said nothing But now all of a sudden it's taken as they do in those brought worst hands. They turned for divorced and I do love my brought worst Bible. Where's my story about Germany? Yeah, I got one of my bedtime stories here here it is, but first we got to tell you about oldio men I mean oldio men is not as good as brought worse, but it's certainly probably a lot better for you In fact, what's to lose you know I'm saying especially would you know hold on the cell phone your head and walk it outside and all the dirt and Oh, God, there germs everywhere if you want to protect yourself against the elements and put something in your system It's really good for you try olio men more and more people are popping it and they're push all the time There are different products for different parts of your health combining the best olive oil you'll find anywhere along with vitamins minerals and robles There's one product specifically designed to help your heart one to help control your blood pressure and your cholesterol and prostate One for your circulatory system one for your digestive endocrine system your skin and bones even your mind I'd use in the benefits of like I said only moments ago the best olive oil you'll find anywhere and oldio men continues making products specifically designed for men and some for you ladies as well Pick some up today pick it up at Whole Food markets wall greens Sonanos and a number of pharmacies If you'd like to get more info about what this great product can do for you call her toll free number and they'll be happy to answer your questions Call 1 866 olio men ask them how Brian schmutz is doing One 866 olio men are a scippy two for that matter. How's he doing you can also order olio men online if you like it their website olio men America.com I'm baby comply with these titties You're a lot just as fast as you can you're what's right to prepare when finally a warmest day clear and I swear we won't be too proud Instead of making things better you're making us so you're making us so I'm a certainly people I was feel a presidential election wouldn't do anything as cynical as you know time and invasion time award No, of course, no incidental would like the number for flex the traffic I'm not suggesting anything. I'm suggesting that they're good upstanding right wingers Oh, it's speaking of right wing speaking of goose stepping that perfect timing. That's going. You'll thank you Spruce up Berlin gate ready to greet Germans for unity days as the LA times Berlin. I do love Berlin. Boy you love that city. Can't wait to go. I'm a serious you would love it. It's a beautiful city I can't think of I can't think of one thing bad about Berlin except the course for the old Germans who are still like Nazis. Yeah, but seriously it's a beautiful city See they had this little problem after WW2. Yeah, they had a rebuild a lot of those cities because we bought we bomb the crap I had it coming and that's right. They had a company. We did a good favor form there. You know and so they had a rebuild them and others just brand spank and new and glitzzy and beautiful and man The men and yellow slickers worked in the auto-marine climbing on a scaffolding above stone nations at architects through the veil columns Amit the bronze charade of the city's most enduring moment where Michael Pazbach looked history in the iron proclaimed the gate is ready. Zigit is ready. You Will go seas a gate by the way. We have this after two years of being scoured of grime and draped in tarps the Brandon bergate is showing as newly buffaced in the World as I speak by the way since at 647 PM over there right now as Germany celebrates unification day The tarps and the torps are scheduled to be dropped and the gate with a half century of certain grid burned away by Tonya. I love that certain grid burned away by tiny lasers Will reclaim its majesty on unturned in bullet of art. See and that's another thing that I'm not that crazy about hearing people speak swimming. I still Know what they're doing in Boulevard. The cool first bomb. Oh, that's still I have a little problem with it's not going to have worked on although the brought worst man is just to die for why can't we have great brought worse like that here We really have to go to Milwaukee or Cleveland with all the drugs and sparsis. Yes, it's honor have worked on it said pause back manager of caro restoration and technology limited the company and in fact that's one of the most I've told it this before, but it just comes to my mind again because in Amsterdam the same thing because Dutch sounds so much like German very guttable And when you see dark compiling also Chinese people it's very freaky too when you see Chinese people speaking German or Dutch and you see dark folks speaking, you're it just you like ah What and then not speaking, bubonics either you know, I don't think Well, how do I know what I maybe that's what the German say about them? I mean when I heard one of them Redneck's and us to leave you all, you know I don't know we slept every night with the right now when they won got that brush to guys said us to believe home. I got real nervous about that Coke crack We slept every night with the responsibility of our work in the back of your mind. We know this is a simple and now we're turning it back to the government. I have a feeling of emptiness like one has sending a child into the world. He said pause back The brand of brigade is belong to the world of imagination is a symbol of division since the construction of the Berlin wall the head of the Cold War The gates that over a divided city and like checkpoint Charlie and nuclear warheads to find the struggle between communism and democracy between the good folks and the evil doors Against its pock-rizzled sandstone president Kennedy proclaimed each behind Berliner, which I don't think he pronounced that right and president Reagan Dared Soviet president Gorbachev to open this gate tear down this wall. Every said that yes, he doesn't When the Berlin wall fell in 19, I see that was terrible. Why did I do that? I just I don't like him. I don't like him a lot. I mean, I don't I feel bad that he's got his Alzheimer's and Nancy has to go through all of that crap literally, you know It says and then there's a thing in here Pause back says the gate is one of the few symbols left I'm sure people of the century will be willing to accept symbols every day Vannys are disappearing symbols become less important this century lives for losing values and symbols not for building them I still believe in them though he said with his arm at a 45 degree angle as he goose step toward the gate You know what's the only was thinking about? Yeah, I couldn't have been that twisted cross could it could have been that swastika could it you think it might have been? Oh, no, no, there's no more Nazis there. There's no more Nazis in Germany, okay Those skin heads on the motorcycles, those are just guys out there having a good time on the kuda You know, I like just having a different out there for a nice outing right I did see some of those what couple of times I was there Just like the Confederate flag those swastikas and ironcraft That's right. It doesn't mean it's okay. It's a symbol of Nazi pride. I mean of German pride It's got nothing to do with anti-Semitism, Paul Balfolvia anti-Jipsy psychosis It's got nothing with any of that stuff anti-Iraise travelers. No What's that symbol? It's the middle digit on your finger So Carlos just did. Yeah, that's that's our message to all your Irish traveler having a nice day a and then you just you know give it a little push up into the air the old Italian the Italian Sulu wouldn't be a bad either way. You stick your hand like in the middle of your where your thing is your arm right your old Italian Seconds like that's one of my favorites a new warnings call and speaking of cell phones see every day They get us like that bit I just played it's too depressing, you know, that's what we get a lot like a lot of the lighter stories on our you know on our C span of the radio thing here Intelligent agencies have worried commercial airliners may be susceptible to electronic interference by terrorists using modified cell phones Other electronic devices to disrupt navigation and control systems several specialists said last week the issue is a sensitive one expert said They don't want to unduly alarm the fine public. Oh God forbid at the same time several said the issue of whether cell phones and other devices have consequences Aloft is taking on renewed urgency when the potential for deliverance use is cranked into the equation At least one US intelligence agencies conducting a classified study on the issue of malicious use of electronic spy terrorists to defend source said and some experts said it's time for other government agencies and international standards groups even airline passengers to be more sensitive to the possible threats Electronic assaults of the extremely difficult to trace they said even if pilots were able to recover control such Distressions will be unsettling for cruising passengers alike people can understand box cutters guns and things like that said Albert Helfrick and avionic specialists at embryo Riddle erinotical university in Daytona Beach the idea that missed you can be performed electronically just doesn't come to the minds of most people Reports from pilots in recent years to a NAS Alrand database Suggest random interference from cell phones another portable electronic devices can disrupt navigation instruments during flight Some intelligence officials are concerned at least once in survival airlines abroad Including one crash may have been caused by electronic interference from cell phones or other portable devices aboard the craft defense say How do you like that? I don't I say anybody who tried to get a cell phone on there Clear brains up before they get on. That's right. I gotta take myself home back there. Well like after that right right after I get home You can turn it on I don't keep it on. I don't use it. I don't want nothing to do with it just like yesterday morning Remember when I went off the middle of the show and I thought right I must be something really crucial like maybe Hank's book here something For all you know, maybe it was Hank's book because it was another wrong number cell phones. I just I don't know Maybe I'm old fashioned how many old funny dirty I am because I just don't like the way that all these everybody punks and everybody else They all got their guy damn cell phones. It's like they're attached to them. It's like it's like a like a Member it's your personal walk-in talking like attached to their goddamn body Just especially like you go to a sporting event like those Panther games these assholes talking to each other on the cell phone Hey, I'm over here in 104. Yeah, sit on you jackass. I want to see the game you put Did he say hockey? Oh, we know hockey sucks I forgot about that sorry, I'm all profit 33 at five 60 W. K. when when you shop for quality footwear selection professional service Are very important to you, but number one on everybody's list besides those things is price That's why so many people continue shopping at brandies because they know they get a combination of all of these things They get unbeatable selection They get fantastic personal service from people who know your feet inside and out and believe me when they see a big foot They know what that means and also you get to top selection as far as names to the top manufacturers in the shoe business rockports SAS Spirits, Timberl and naturalizer and lots more and of course every day low prices that nobody can compare to That's why everybody in their brother with a brain is shopping at Brandy's open daily nine to nine Sundays 10 to five you'll find about 12 90 North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach and as far as prices concerned as always Something extra special going on for it Brandy's all this week at Brandy's to take humongous SAS sale big savings on SAS shoes The more peri you buy the more you save at Brandy's in Pompeo Beach My country we have no need to go I ride day one us to buy the way Three of birds and four back pay From 200 years ago when they were slave When I only have a mobile home A pitfall in a pinch of stones So if you want to ask me how here's what I gotta say You've got to use a nigger good morning Till I'm back you started pouring slaves on the mall Use a nigger good morning And that's where everybody who is dead at home If I was born a day two Oh and slaves ain't something I do But what we're dead people dead to you I have to take the flying We can see it all four and old only act With the canis fairly carry in fact Instead of 40 acres and the new life a better way You've got to use a nigger good morning Plant one on how it's fair if organ payment to Yes a nigger good morning And that's your resolution for a slave at you Yes a nigger good morning And tell him that you're sorry for a slave on the mall Yes a nigger good morning And that's where everybody who is dead at home I'll take it one thing what is timing these last two days has been pretty impressive If you be x-mailing on a time and pressed In other words I can read the clock I think is what I'm trying to say Okay just time to say here the results of the pull So far who do you think has got the worst looking here piece in the world And Mo is got a battle on his hands you know I don't think this is a four-gong confusion Mo Howard David 128 James traffic hand 101 another damn things change on me again Sam Donaldson 66 Marv Albert 66 he or 46 for Reynolds 27 can refrain 24 Bill Shantner 15 Lton John be heaven 12 And those are the only ones like the indouble digits Okay the hysterical howngim managed the angry puppy whatever it really is coming along next Hank from 3 to 7 a full four hour show Bino 5 to 6 The sapt cadence it is