We will and the right damn don't forget and wqam.com What happened to him? Jesus Christ. Doctor that's more of the surgery on top. James Fibre stop. Isn't he the same doctor that performed the procedure on your 2K? I don't know. Um, the doctor performed the surgery. What's the name? Cline. Do you use George Colwell? I'm not sure. I'm not sure where he went. Did he go to Holy Cross? I didn't read it. Not sure. Well, bottom line is that and at least a month could be up to eight weeks. Somewhere in there. While he on the wall with your uncle, I'm looking back at him more. How would it be to show the door? For the benchmark, I was stopped there on the abalicusty yesterday. Sameing, so mo? Yeah, what the hell is she now about men sports? Oh yeah, mo! Well, golf is from men, and that's that. Keep them broads in the kitchen where they belong. Otherwise they could wind up like that in a short. And you know what happened to her? She had ortho be in Augusta. Musta. And another thing. Those poor men as got me dead. They got me being raped with it repeatedly. Oh, how are you? What's so funny? Are they dead? Well, I say it is he. The speaker's producing him. And then pipes smoking just goes lean. He was singing on. But it's not. Shut up. Oh, oh, oh, oh. I don't know. I'm stupid with it. No, sir. I tell you how I know this. Because anybody who sings has got to be a little... If they're mad at you, don't you? Like you. That's not always. Well, I say it is. I'll show that just as well. Who's boss? Why all have you know? I once had breakfast with President Nixon. He is. He's seen his pen. He gave me the pen. But now just 169. And I kept it hidden up my ass for all these years. Yes. There's soccer told me. It's not. It's not. And it's. Kiss it. I should kiss it. I should kiss it. I'm in the fair with David Bowie. Really? Yeah. All right. I'm going to show you just how gay it is to sing. You just goes like, you know. I really hate you. For singing to those songs, I think it's wrong. And a bit you do. If they're famous, that's what this shows all about. And entertainment, am I right? What's up? For the right, you're all the same. I... What's your close-backer? Some barrisking. I can't help it though. I can't do that. No. I can't do that. Thank you. I got on the air. Can't do this. You'll be great, bitch. Yeah. Watch your women off here. Hope he. The right women here. Oh, damn. Hope he can do it. Oh, my five-six. Oh, oh, oh. No, no. Come here. Come here. I'll be back. I'll be back. Come here. I'll be back. I'll be back. Come here. You're a fool. Squirt, squirt. 904-560-WDQ-I-M. On a great Tuesday. Happy Tuesday, too. I'm worried. We're having a great time here today. I'll take that and it's not even just barely after nine o'clock. How do you like that? I'll have to make me flip my lid if I hand one. 940 votes on the poll yesterday. El Presidente, not too popular with this crowd. I'll tell you. President Bush is approval rating is about 63%. What do you like about him the most? We asked yesterday. Absolutely nothing. He's a disaster. 630. That's 67%. That's 2. The other third. You turned. He's not a flaming liberal. 172 said that. All our right wing audience. 18.2%. Not a flaming liberal. So in other words, anybody but a liberal would be great with them. His handling of the world terrorism is 76.8%. His tough stand on Iraq 48.5%. And his handling of the economy. 14.14%. Pretty weak in this crowd. And thank goodness for that. That's good news. Here's more good news. Of course we had another shooting last night, which is bad news, but before we get to that. More good news. A new poll says Governor Jeb Bush and Democratic Challenger Bill McBride are in a statistical dead heat three weeks before election day. Oh, I didn't like that. I can tighter and tighter and tighter and of course that loose lip of jab man kind of like May has said him back a little bit. Those in tempered comments a couple of weeks ago. You know the ones I mean in quote. Yeah. Yeah. NMS NBC's Zagreb poll released over the weekend. So Bush has the support of 48% of voters. While McBride has the support of 45. 48 to 45. Read that and weep. 7% of the 500 likely voters who were surveyed between October 8 and 10. So they were undecided. The survey had a margin of error a four and a half percentage points, which places the race in a statistical dead heat on the eve of a one hour radio debate. He better get Katherine Harris warmed up for this. Yeah. Forget about her election over there in Sarasota. You better come back to a Tallahassee honey. Because we're going to need you again on November 5. Looks like the survey last month had the Bush leaving by 10 points. The pride campaign manager Kathy Kelly called the survey pretty much on target. While the Bush campaign spokesman Thao Harris downplay the results. This is not a state that under any circumstance anyone gets a landslide here. He said there're going to be a lot of polls. We're going to bounce up. We're going to bounce down. When it down bounce on this. The 11 a.m. debate broadcast on 35 radio stations in Florida from a soundstage in Universal Studios should reach an audience of about a million people said Jim Poling. Director of operations at Florida radio networks and the debates organize their final televised debate is scheduled next weekend or land though. How do you like that? It's only three points apart. And who knows? And the moment of his go at the mole is going the other way. You know what I mean by mole? The doctor that formed the surgery on Jay Seedler stump. Didn't need the same doctor that formed the procedure on your Q. Anyway, here's our poll for today. See actually what happened is that Robert must have hit the wrong button there because the word I'm here is that that got dumped on the year. We need a lot more calls like that on Mosho. We get at least a five share if we can do that in men. And speaking of that boy next market on your calendar's boys and girls next Monday. Man, maybe that's that a role. My smell when I came in the hardest morning. Maybe that was Moshoig. But boy the pressure in this building is mounting and mounting and mounting. He can't think what else ever got mounted is my as this man. Heavy heavy duty as we approached that big big day. I know we've had trends and the trends don't mean that much. That's why Tom Jick had all right about trends. He also know right about radio because he had upon his radio. He had a bad streak. They were colder a couple of weeks ago. He had upon his radio a little time. He said we're not listening right now. He can't afford a radio Tom Jick. Maybe we can trade one out. But the trends don't mean much but the summer book the interweighting book will be out on Monday. 11 30 in a morning. So by noon a week from yesterday man this place is going to be. Wow. And then of course little mighty bellowy running around in the days after that probably a week from today or maybe a week from tomorrow. Right. But we get the a tap scan or whatever the hell they call it. We get the day parts in the hour by hour. We see who's been naughty and who's been nice. How George did this summer. How Mo is doing in a morning the mayor of the morning in paradise. Star stage screen and paradise. How do you think he's doing? Anyway, here's our poll question for today. The doctor that performed surgery on that. No that's on it. Which group of people do you think has been most unfairly stereotyped by a TV in the movies? And of course we asked this right on the heels of that big much to do about nothing. The Columbus day parade you notice mayor Bloomberg he laid out. He laid out. Oh, they're starting to hammer again downstairs. Just as this show starts. You hear that? I hear. I'm starting hammering and take them. But again downstairs. I've been here since 705. There wasn't a tap. There wasn't a sound other than that sound that kept coming from that direction there. There wasn't the slightest tinkle. And now that the knee around your show is starting there. Dicking around again downstairs. I don't want to say it's like some kind of a cummy pickle conspiracy. But what the hell is going on down there? God damn it. You maniacs. You lunatics there. Can I get this pull out before we do the break? Because Eric I'm sure is on. Pins and needles up there. Wouldn't you think he's like on the edge of his seat? No question. In fact he's probably halfway to the refrigerator. You think he's got like a lot of take out, you know, in the bags and the refrigerator? Because they're at nearly most people if they don't finish what's in the sack. They toss it. But it seems to me he's the kind of guy that would like. Get him on him, Sam. Like a taco bell bag over here on this shelf and Burger King down there. I could be wrong about that. But it's based on what you told me. Just like all the most stuff is based on what you've told me. You were bragging about that before. Yeah, it was me. You were the one to tell me about that bad to pay. Although you did exaggerate. I think it's lovely. I think it's the plaid pants or beautiful. I can just found out there's more than one. More than one one. You pay. Right. There are occasional ones. Well, how about the green and white ones used to ordering legit schemes? I know this is he Schmidt Candle. Maybe they're hiding him at home in Boko. Wouldn't that be great if somebody raided the house? We found the legit's wig at any rate. Or speaking of rating the house. Don't be knocking on my door at 5.30 in a morning. You will whack all you. This morning my doorbell rings at 5.30 in a morning. I'm sound asleep in bed. I got another 20 minutes to sleep. And I throw on my shorts and a shirt and I go staggering to the door. They're pounding on the door. They heat some whack out there. Some listener. Don't call me sir. We'll call you. We'll catch some help. And this is a guy that's been faxing me. I recognize the affirmative. Oh, I've got this. The greatest. What was the word he used? Corruption case ever going. And by the way, and the good Christians are trying to get me arrested. This is a guy that's been faxing me this crap. I said it's 5.30 in a morning. But people, what can I call you? Don't call me. I'll call you. Okay. Get away from my house. And I'll be the one to call a cops. Okay. Look at that. Crazy people. PD Lenny calls me last night by mistake of the house. Didn't we have anybody do that call you by mistake and then pretend to pretend that they were really calling you? No, not pretend to usually say, oh, I'm sorry. I'm right. Right. Like a normal person would say, oh, gee, I missed dial. I hit the run button on here because it was on the cell phone. You know, right. But instead of that, oh, I'm at the warehouse. What flavors do you want? How about this flavor, PD? That's for you. You maniac. Go over to Steve M's house again and take another handful of drugs. You lunatic. You. This place is out of control. I'll tell you that right now. The doctor that performed surgery. Anyway, it's 10 past nine at five, 60. Well, they didn't get a chance to hear that the first time. So, you know, why don't I two, 300 times today between now and one. Sounds good to me. It's enough to make me flip my lid. There's more than one here, peace. So I come to find out. Well, are they like different shades? Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. There's a formal casual. Wow. Every day. So that's why he was wearing it like right bubbly one because of the dolphin victory. How must it be in it? Different views. I'll get the I'll get to the polar. Just relax. You're getting way behind here now. The doctor. No. Twelve minutes after nine at five, 60, W to Q and we all have different lifestyles. Therefore, need different products to make us feel better and healthier. Orial metatrine informulizor advanced combinations are from a suitable grade. All of a well combined with some really good stuff in there. Vitamins, minerals, urbles, other nutrients scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition. Solutions, tough use support specific health needs. Look for Orial Meds 3 brand new formulas which are sleep, weight management and co-cute 10 are using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil. Orial Med is an outstanding product that's available at public's record wall greens for more info. We can call it toll free number. We always give you one. 866 Orial Med. That's one. 866. 6. 5. 6. 6. 6. 6. In a music your nearest public's and purchase an Orial Med product and brow her date. You'll get yourself a coupon for a free, Larry Cochor Babblehead dial while supplies last. Don't forget to visit their sampling pavilion at Sportstime every Sunday 2 and the offensive plan home games. Pick up free Orial Med samples and product information. Start feeling healthy right now this instant by popping at Orial Med in your post. 5. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 7. 8. 6. 7. 6. 6. 7. 6. 6. 7. 6. 6. 7. 7. 6. 7. 7. 7. 6. The old fascist black dead, no against what's the star? Is you say, is you deflected and you're familiar with this mark? Does they like, are you shy, they're shoes from the leaflet? Oh, the way you watch it, off the whiteest cars? Does it you know, say, he trust you, run believe you? Who tell our allies of the greedy oil low? But then he make you clean all the whiteest battles? The prophecy, the toilet and the scrub the floor? They dare you, go with sandals, don't go leaflet. Your country don't help make them all a version of you. You're not in the air, you're smart, you're people throw. If you feel what you feel that dough is new. One day while you be sniffing fast-gave, you may be there. That they're dreaming you just like your ester-roll. That when your head will move from side to side, from the leaflet, It's your bullshit from it, they be crack or asshole. Doctor, that performed the surgery on Jay Seedler's thumb. Didn't he the same doctor that performed the procedure on your QP? The doctor who performed the surgery, what's think about that? What's his name? Klein? Do you feel his doctor? No, I don't know where he was. He was the doctor. I'm not sure where he was. I'm not sure where he went. Did you go to Holy Cross? I didn't read it. Not sure. Well, bottom line is that the doctor's kid's a whole day is going to be up. No, you're not sure. Somewhere at least a month could be up to eight weeks. Somewhere in there. While you're a little older, you're on QAM. Hi, I'm all. I'm sorry. 918 at 5.60, WDQAM, happy Tuesday too. See the fun stuff which doesn't get on the air on your chair, which isn't really much fun. But whatever fun stuff, if you want to hear it there, so you'll have to tune in here between 9 and 1. For the fun. Because they just ain't no fun. It's basically a very serious reading ground for those sports nerds. It's definitely a start multiplying. We can only hope they show up in the numbers because we're pulling form. Because not that we like him personally. We're pulling form because we're all in the same ballgame as far as financially. Right? There's bonus money involved there. No question. Somebody should go on a year here on a station and say, oh, don't listen to so and so. Well, that's, that's a grotesque self destructive self destructive and destructive the rest of us too. Selfish. Hmm. How do you like that? My flame, I don't have any flame and it's starting to come up now, yeah. Crunchy. Which group of people do you think has been most unfairly stereotype by TV and the movies as our poll question today? Sorry about that, Eric. Now, that's the, that was good. We stretched out a little bit of a game of time. That's finished references. Here's the list. Italians. Hispanics. Lucy. Blacks. Jews. Jews. Gays. Subvengers. Or New Yorkers. Now don't you think that cover is a, did I leave anybody out? I don't put like poll locks in there because we don't, you know, there's, I don't think there are too many poll locks in the movies. Huh? This is daily co-authey. No, but seriously, I don't think there's any other ethnic group that needs to be in here. People from Poland are called polls. Which group of people do you think has been most unfairly stereotype by TV and the movies. Italians, which some of them, not too many though. The most Italians have a good sense of humor. How about the ragheads? They're always being stereotyped. Unfurially? I'm not seeing this. You missed that, but we're about to see it. Don't be starting with the laundry heads. Okay. And thank goodness that we know that there's no terrorist in Indonesia. Thank goodness for that. Amazing. How all of a sudden after every one of these go test facts. Oh, now we admit, yeah, we do have Al Qaeda here. We got a bunch of terrorist lunatics. And they have been training here. We better do something about it now. Uh-huh. Which group of people Italians has spent his black juice, gaze, Senators, or New Yorkers? I think that'd be a tough tough choice for a lot of people out there. Put your thinking caps on, okay? Another grotesque story. A drag net cover suburban Washington is a 30 search for a clean-colored vans spotted moments after a woman was killed in a mall parking lot by a single bullet to the headlash, not the shooting lead appears that the sniper terrorizing the area killed a ninth person. And they got the police representative out right now going, I can't comment. Yeah, like that. Well, that was almost as good as anthrax again. That was perfect. Police swiftly closed highways around Falls Church about 10 miles west of the nation's capital and said they were on a lookout for a Chevy astro van that was missing a left-beer taillight and had a silver ladder on its roof. A lean quals, a spokesman for Virginia Governor Mark Warnis said the woman was shot in a headlash night as she had her husband loaded packages in their cars truck outside the home depot at the seven corner shopping center. Witnesses told police that the fatal shock came from a light-colored van according to quals. Witnesses at some of the earlier shootings also reported seeing a white or cream-colored van or truck. There are some pretty decent eyewitness information that maybe we haven't had in some of the previous shootings quals said. CBS News correspondent Aliens Sergei, reports or says the gunman was seen parking in a home depot parking lot, by witnesses who say they saw him get out of the van, fire the shock, get back in a van and drive away. Are you ready for that? No. Which sounds unlike what we're assuming the other ones were. Of course we don't know. We're just assuming. Because they don't have to see no much of anything. And, yeah. Members of a Maryland Task Force investigating the snapper tax we're conferring with Fairfax County authorities to see if the shooting was the work of the sniper who's killed eight people in the wounded two in the last two weeks. It's too early to tell that this time of the shooting is linked. However, we're working at an investigating with that potential in mind said Fairfax County police chief, Tom Manger. Last night's killing occurred at one of Northern Virginia's busiest intersections where major arteries come together to form seven corners. Virginia State Police at the van was last seen traveling east and moved 50 from Falls Church. Interstate 66 on any favor near but it's interesting it says the van was last seen. Just like the one the other day, where they had the thing cordoned off in no time at all in the state troopers car was like 50 yards away from where the shooting took place. And yet in spite of all of their best efforts, they don't seem to be. Are we ever going to catch anybody in this country? That's what I'm getting worried about. Well, if we do catch them, we'll be sure not to convict them. Now, I'm not talking about that for forget about worry about that later. But can we catch anybody? We caught Osama Yamama. No, Molo Omar. Zaba Hari. No, no, no. Any of that? And we caught the Kishanris killer yet. No. Who I leave an eye? There's a whole bunch of mystery of stuff going on this sniper, of course not. Oh, they just, we don't seem to be doing too good of a job. And ain't they anybody down when he came right down to it? How about the people who killed the, the cold brown and heard buddy there? Cod, no. No. Well, OG is out there looking for Maryby Day would along with screw-in and the filless. The water Nazi, they're out there scouring the golf courses. Looking for that killer. Still can't find him or them. Who else am I leaving out? Oh, the person in the, speaking of Virginia that killed Elizabeth was a little girl's name. Smart. Find him yet? No. Just not doing too good of a job, but it seems to me I could be wrong about that. And of course, this one is in Virginia again, so we don't have a chief moosey in there at the, on this one. But if we would just get together and get on this thing a little bit better, you know? Pull our resources and get all these organizations to work together. I think maybe we might get something done. tragic. Really sad sick crazy people with guns. An American baby. I don't see a lot of calls on it, board yet. Had a tremendous, what are you, what are you smoking about? PD Lenny said, oh, it was a great show yesterday. Tristan calls, thank God. Thank God. So I can just, you know, I can assume the kind of backstabbing it's going on back there with him. He doesn't just stab you in a back. So you don't take it personal. He stabs everybody in a back. You, me, anybody that he instant right across from PD Lenny. Yeah, we took some great calls yesterday, PD. I'm glad that you approved the show, okay? You buck plug and don't be calling me at home anymore, ever again, even a by accident. Call me by accident. Oh, what flavors do you want? Are you ready for that? We're talking about a certifiable person. He's in our sales department. Certifiable needs to be in a goddamn street jacket. And remember room somewhere. WQAM. Yeah, I want something else. About what? About anything? Yeah, see? There you go, about anything. See, let me say this to you. And this goes back to the 38% because I noticed we fell into a lot of that again yesterday. He's starting to take these calls. This business like when you call here, I'm supposed to give you an idea what you should be talking about. When you call somebody, generally, you see, echo's back to the PD Lenny thing again. You called me. What do you call me while I was a mistake? You know, this guy must have been a mistake also. Generally, you should probably have something in mind to talk about as opposed to, you know, without obviously a crank. Yeah, right. He could say, nothing to call. Right. Nothing to say. That's why I asked him that question. Because he sounded a little cranky to me. He sounded like some kind of a moron that would ring your doorbell 530 in a morning. Not a good move, man. Not a really good move. In fact, I might help those good Christian people have that guy's answer when you don't have a good move. You might think of, no, no. The doctor that performed surgery on Jay Seedler's right on his thing. Poor Jay Seedler. Now, it could be interesting. I don't want to get football intensive, which I don't want to discuss it at all because they sure beat in the ground this morning. But, uh, all those people wanted Ray Lucas. Now you're going to get him, baby. Now you're going to get him. And, of course, if it should turn out that he stinks to join out, which everybody in the papers this morning. Oh, no. It's either, uh, you know, either or it's no difference. But if by some chance he stinks to join out, and then they go say, oh, boy, we sure missed that Jay Seedler. He was the best. We were wrong. A tough crowd, man. This is a tough town. They don't want to give anybody any slack. Flack yes, slack. No. Now why is some asshole, a faxing in this thing about the penguins in the lead game? I saw the game. I don't need all this crap. Pages and pages and pages of crap about the penguin lead game, which I saw last night. And what a shame that the in that was raised there in that last, timely, cool. Look at the disallowed. Trevor kid blows. That's all I need to say about that game. Okay. Trevor kid bites. That's one thing Yeldy said that was correct this morning. He is awful. Couldn't stop a watermelon from 100 yards away. Trevor kid. In fact, when he played a range, I wouldn't be surprised that they start Michael Telquivist tonight. You know him, go to it. It's a 927 at 5.60 WDQA and I know one thing. Chopping for a mattress the old fascia way is a total. A disastrous waste of your time and a lot of money and effort. Especially the way things are nowadays. A lot of people have themselves locked in. They don't want to leave their house. Well, this is one thing you can do without leaving a house. It's one easy call. 1-800 mattress and you'll talk to an expert bedding consultant who really knows their bedding crat man inside and out. And they'll hook you up. Exactly the size of mattress and the style that you want. When I say style like extra firm, extra soft, extra whatever. And they've got all the top brands in the world. Sir, to say these Simmons King Quill. And when you call that a mattress, you pick today in the tour window for everyone. It's convenient for you any day the week seven days a week. And you also get that unbeatable 30 day in home comfort guaranteed to check it out. The real way by sleeping on it and testing it out for up to a month to make sure it's the right mattress for you and your back. So if you want to start getting a great night's sleep every night, even when you're not on your door at 530 in a morning, pick up the phone and call dial a mattress right now 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATTR-ES or check them out on that wicked worldwide way of at mattress.com. You're sports-winny 0.560s, you ain't too a-yeah. Full and right-picked. Hey, this is right-reference on. You want to get a mug? I'll tell you where to get one right here. And it won't screw you like my ex-wife's roommate. She's gonna be bad. I love you thinking I got to suspect it twice. You think it's because it's easy, it's kind of fake voice to do. The fact that I keep doing it a little bit of my starts to start talking normally after... Give me a minute Tommy. Hey! Hey! My ex-wife gave me this voice because she scored me like Janice was growing wild for you. It's just like that. That's actually gave it to me. Oh yeah. I had that same Leopold. I was gonna look on my leathery face. Oh, my little who? Even George Cabot, my little girl, like that. What I made me did. Oh, you want to put the hat? Oh, it's so nice. I know how that feels. Oh, I know how I got my name. Red Ruffin' Sword! Funny, half-sad. It is. So if you want to mug it, just deflate the door, whatever it is. Oh, exactly. 931-560. I love it at Q&A. Don't call me again, Petty. You're a crazy person, okay? I think you ought to be bacon-rapted. Don't think that's a good idea. Okay. Maybe we ought to make the call today. Just have bacon-rapted. I haven't come in to take more and I got them. Straight-check it. 560, 560, pound-560 on the AT&T line. And, you know, they ought to in 38% of them. What did cause? They said it's really pond-rissed. All these bedtime stories. All of this reading on the year. I have two great marine dog columns, by the way, for today. One from today's paper one, I get to the other day. Because we had all this great call. And we had the plenty, the regular cranks, the idiots, I'll tell you. That's the same old stuff. See, that's what makes it so terminal, so pond-riss. It's just debilitating. Because they're not funny. There's nothing worse to me than somebody who thinks that they're funny, who's not. And that includes most of the callers who think that they're being very amusing. They're not funny. We're going to that phone. Is there a responsive? 30, look at what's going on in the world. We have another shooting there. Another sniper shooting. Evidently. Up in Virginia. We got this horrendous terrorist, they're at it all over the goddamn world. And Kuwait in Indonesia, everywhere. We got the president going, what a look like this. They already got their arachatect plan no matter what anybody says. We got all of these things going on, and as usual, these people are going off in a safe. See, this is why we're not going to be bringing C-span and CNN and Fox News and HBO, anybody else who need to embarrass ourselves because the fact that a matter is that you people got nothing to say. So they're the experts on programming, including PDL and he's also an expert. Oh, thank God, you took calls. It was a great show. Thank God you're finding some calls. Like I'm killing them, like maybe he can't sell the show because I'm not taking calls because I'm sitting reading bedstimes stories for hours every day. I thought to show some Toronto were going just fine if he asked me. I thought they were just fine to respond to the internet with sensational. Would somebody's got to be listening? But that PDL and he meant everybody in this building is a goddamn program director. They'd spend his much time going out and selling as they are program directing. We could be like number one half and building last month instead of number one, which just certain people running around building, dragging about that. WCQA? WCQA? Yeah, I can sell it on the air. How about your pardon? I like to get on the air. What'd you want to talk about? Uh, sniper. What is it? sniper. Okay. Me? Yes sir. How an idea when we get this sniper? When we get them, let's recruit him to go get uh, oh. WCQAM. Can I have a sec charge? That's the fat everything sucks guy. I'm shapsucks. Uh-huh. This will be over for yesterday. WCQAM. Yes. Can I speak to you? Speaking. Hi Neil. I was listening to your program yesterday about the Reverend Falwell. And it's amazing because I've seen him on more than one occasion on television. And uh, where either Larry King or one of the other individuals had a chance to question him and they just blew it. Well, you think Larry King is going to ask somebody a tough question? Well, the other fellow, I think, well, the guy in Hartball, I saw him. Chris Manthos, yeah. I would have saw he would. And he had found our honor. He had some gentlemen from the uh, his lumbic uh, uh, creed from the US on and this one agreed. Well, and he would, I don't remember the name of his group, but he was, he was a, he was a, a Muslim. American Muslim. Yeah. And uh, and Falwell bold, safely set the hint that, uh, that Muhammad was, uh, was a terrorist. And then the gentleman asked me, well, what do you know, what's the following to terrorist? He said, well, terrorist is someone who kills innocent people. Right? And there, I'm screaming at the top of my lungs. Well, let me add them because in the Bible, if anyone, I mean, I'm an agnostic, but anyone who reads the Bible and I have read it knows that that got killed his innocent people on more than one occasion, uh, the past over, uh, the, the, the flooding. I mean, he even admitted that he didn't want to make sure the Jews did a good job, because every time he got pissed off, he told them to kill all other enemies. Don't miss a single one. Right. And, and even the doubt, shout, not kill and all of that business, the country's amendments. These were commandments only for the Jews. But, Stoke, or what, why are we wasting our time with all that cocka from the book? I mean, if you're agnostic, what would you even dig the fire that? Why are you, you're dealing with a fat-faced, bigoted asshole, okay? And why these people in the media continue putting him on is because he's got a big famous name, and he always sticks his foot deep into his mouth and creates a lot of controversy. And they think it's good for rating. So that's why they've put him on because they're totally responsible. They don't be afraid. But you'll be very pleased to know, because I have the story in my hand right now, as always he's a backtracking and apologizing now. Yeah, well, he looks like he might be a huge drinker. He's the people most drunk, what he's being interviewed. He's got this one line, he's touched and we talked about that. Well, there's a rumor going around that he went to a subrogesting school, but I'm not really sure. Anyway, in the face of protest around the world of reverend jury, fall well as issued an official apology for comments he made a brothé prophet Muhammad. He's always apologizing in the detail of Tubby and Tinky Winky or this one or that one. Always apologizing, just open up a big mouth shoot from the lip and then, oh, I didn't really mean it. You know, kind of like Jeff Bush, same thing. Coming from the same place, by the way, two right wing assholes. He's issued an official apology jury, has for comments he made about the prophet Muhammad during his October 6th interview on the CBS News program, 60 minutes. In the interview, the conservative Baptist minister said, I think Muhammad was a terrorist. I read enough of the history of his life written by Muslims and non-Muslims to know that he was a violent man and man of war. He also said, Jesus said the example for love as did Moses, which I still laugh over that. I think Muhammad said an opposite example. In a statement over the weekend, follow us that I sincerely apologize that certain statements of mine made during an interview for CBS's 60 minutes were hurtful of the feelings of many Muslims. I intended notice respect to any sincere law of biting Muslim. He claimed he made a mistake while responding to my controversial and loaded question at the end of an hour long interview. See, the question was loaded. It was somebody else's fault. The fallout from his remarks on 60 minutes was severe, at least five people were killed nearly 50 people injured Friday, when Hindu Muslim writing broke out an protest in Sholapur to a 25-mile south of Bombay. She had Muslim cleric in Lebanon and Iran reacted with rage to fallwells remarks and an envoy of Iran's supreme leader called for his death. Iranian cleric, Muslim, Muhammad, had jed the shabby study. What if he believed to be a Muslim? Shabby, shabby, had a nice ring to it. I guess he quickly tried to praise the northwestern town of Tabi, said the Reverend Jerry Falwell was a mercenary must be killed. The Farce language daily abroad reported Saturday. Also, hundreds of Muslim protesters get a twice-out Sunday CBS broadcast set of in New York on October 8th and the 13th to demand an apology from the media. How do you like that? Jerry Falwell, what's again shooting from the lip? Just see, this is how big it in people are. They just blurred it out. Oh, I didn't really mean that. Did somebody actually hear it? In fact, that's what Bob Simon said in that little follow up piece on 60 minutes Sunday night when they were like reporting on what the reaction was. And fallwells come out was, well, because he had to apologize, at least to their knowledge when they taped that. He's a kind of, well, I'm sorry that they broadcast it. Right, right. Just like you have bushes, I'll probably be sorry that they reported was there with that cassette recorder going. While it was making those bigoted obnoxious disgusting comments of his up in Pensacola. Ah, it's kind of like I didn't know the gun was loaded. Same thing. Same old thing. The doctor that performed the surgery on Jake Feedler's thumb. Didn't he need the same doctor that performed the procedure on your QP? Um, you know, there's a there's a gap in it. You could drive a flea to my truck through there, you know, that's how long that gap is. And what a shame that Robert did that they made Robert dump that, you know, it's really a shame because that would have been probably one of the most entertaining points that I showed this one. Probably could get at least a six share, baby. Put more stuff like that on a year. Instead of being uptight and humorless about this week's therapy, now is it a daily thing or a weekly thing, or you don't know yet. It's for special occasions. He's got the every day. Has he got the young kipper hairpiece? Is that how the beanie sewn into it? Yeah, it's got the beanie's already sewn in. The doily is sewn into it. It doubles as a doily and a young kipper hairpiece. Oh, that's a good question. If you're orthodox, does it to pay count as a head covering? Excellent question. Only if it's like slid off to the side, you know, I'll call the ready. Okay. You know, only if it's like a guy from California, what does his name again? Can I ever think of the congressman that I went to an hour trying to make final giving the name Robert? You know, the one I'm talking about? Yeah, I can't think of it. But I mean, he's got a good mouse on his head anyway for good about him. Twenty-tilt ten is five sixty WQM. If you're looking for a great night on the town, something you settle to make you want to get out of your chair and yell. We're talking live action and fine dining too. Maybe even make some money on the side. Get a TV writer to tables. You'll have to miss a minute of your favorite show. We're sporting event. Then why not come out and plunge your brains out of a pop at a park harness track. That's right. The race tracks world went on top of the park restaurant is now open. We're starting tomorrow night for the racing season. Enjoy anyone to share Kirk, uh, lid-days, nightly specials or select your choice of fresh seafoods and pubs, or scrumptious desserts from the menu. The top of the park restaurant offers not only excellent food, but it's located six stories high, featuring a beautiful panoramic skyline view in your right over the track. See you all miss a second of the racing action. You'll be able to see Donald Brainer to way out there in the middle of the track. Top of the park is currently open for live harness racing three nights a week, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. It's open at 6 p.m. post time 715 and this season, something brand new at POP at O'PARK, Free Clubhouse and Free Grandstand admission all season long, and of course is always free general park in two. Every Wednesday night like tomorrow, still dollar night would draft your hot dog, so does popcorn, even large pretzels. Only a bucket piece in the course, like always, summa casting every day, seven days a week, starting a noon at POP at O'PARK. POP at O'Hard is in POP at O'Reets at Blackside of the Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road. Don't forget live racing this week, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday post time 715, and the dining room opens tomorrow night. My life can go, this is for 25-60. You will, you will, you will, you will. But the Lord even loves Neorodgers. We're long and Jerry Paul will come to ride him look dog, and when I will come today, I put off the yarn and his day of a pathily or CNN. I saw purple creature with a gaze sign on his head. It wasn't upside down, try, angle purple, pinky, pinky. Upside down, try, angle purple, pinky, pinky. Upside down, try, angle purple, pinky, pinky. Upside down, try, angle purple, pinky, pinky, pinky. Hey, tell the tell me, where are you just when I thought things couldn't get worse. I don't want to stay with Carrie and go little person now. How can they call this a children's show? I think it's purple, but I have a brown hole. He hasn't left side, fine. I'm a purple, pinky, pinky. Upside down, try, angle purple, pinky, pinky. I love to drink your balls. Purple, pinky, pinky. Yay, tell the tell me, where almost without Christian time is hard to believe. But on the teller tell me, is it TV screen? It had a purple, penis pointing straight at me. That was blowing an eye through the hole in the thing. I don't have a penis. I've never had one. I swear. 945-56, you're up in the QI'm happy Tuesday too. That pole is working on up there. I told you I had that prick for freedom on his hand. So we got the pull question on there on my page, but it's still got the choices about the bushmeister. Here's the facts from Bill and Boca who asks, is Mo as big a jerk as you make him onto me. Yes. He must really be a real prick. He says, yes. And PS says, don't take any calls because they're worthless. I'd rather listen to your humor and the news. Well, thank you very much, Bill. Bill enjoys the show. We don't have any problem with it. But we're still waiting from some real silly lady calls. Now, the last caller, who was okay? Grot up the fall while thinking I happen to have that bedtime story right there in my pile in my sack. And of course, the other guy wants to make a joke about the sniper thing. I hate to break the news, T-usser. But there's nothing funny about some lunatic, some crazy person with a gun. And the fact that it's happening up in DC and Virginia in this suburban DC, the fact that it's happening up there allows people here in San Fôrenels where to sit around and say, Ah, well, I, you know, let's send him after Osama. Let's do this. Let's do that. But if it was happening like down here somewhere, like over on Fort Lauderdale Beach, for example, or out in Western or where Van Halamide B, I don't think people would be making any jokes about it. They'd be a hover under the bed right now, crapping in their pants and rightfully so. WQAM. Yes, sir. I would talk to the other. Speaking. Speaking. I realize you had a plan, sorry. That's okay. At first, I'm caller. At first, I'm list or love the show. I work at what you call the light bulb. Yeah. Uh, just. Yeah. Yes, sir. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, fine. I mean, what is there to say? What is there to say? Don't that Robert. Do you, uh, and WQAM? There we are, Gary. Yeah, okay. WQAM. QAM. WQAM. WQAM. Yes, sir. How you were taking calls and I want to know what we're going to do about the price of chicken. It keeps coming up by panning. WQAM. Meal. Okay. Hey, Neil, let me ask a question. If Mo got life, he'd be wiped out. If what? If Mo Howard got life in his two pay, he'd be wiped out. Yeah, good point. Henry Barrow, my best personal friend. Oh, how are you? Good to see. You know what? Like must be good. He got really fat. Must be getting a lot of free food and rick and a lot of. Look at that gut. Holy crap. Woo. Man, oh man. In fact, you could come to work here now. You just qualified. Ha ha ha. You're fat enough to work here. What brings you here today, Henry? You're going to take a commercial. You're going to do commercials. Great. Excellent. You didn't bring that to bald head guy. What was his name? Mark. Mark. Mark Benson. Ha ha ha. Well, that's right. He's out there fighting Spanish language people in the streets. Well, that's great. Henry Barrow just came in from Iowa, did he? Yes? They have the same two paymaker for everybody. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, yeah. Too bad he came in too late to meet Mo. He loved him, man. He, he, real piece of work. Great to see you. Have a wonderful life and lose some weight. Please. We like to keep you alive. Man, he got the fat. Henry Barrow got rid of the new gift fat. So, like you said, life must be good. He's not that good. That's not good. He got really fat. He was never fat. He never had an ounce of fat. How's the play about his bah huh? No, he had a little bit of a pause from gryping all of that. Why, you know. Anyways, a good guy, Henry Barrow, one of the few people in this business we like. Oh. Yeah, he ain't no more. Anyway, I think these calls are they can wait, you know. I got some important stuff here and you people, yeah, this business about oh, you, you got to take some call for what? What do you have to say? Do you have anything to say? No. You have nothing to say. You're gay. Yeah. Big deal. You want to date? Press me. Let's see. Here's policies. Is more real. I'll ask you like you say. Is the collar suck? Love your news reading. Keep it up. Paul. Paul. We get the message. Okay. But quit being so chronic. Or is it maybe this is a different Paul? Because the handwriting looks different. Yes. Moist real piece of work. He's an asshole. Right. Just ask the people who work with him. The ones who are left on that show. And there aren't too many. There aren't too many because they keep marching down a hall. They don't come back. And the best. Well, I wasn't aware of that thing that you told me this morning about him forcing them to cut the audio off. The moment we do the change over nine o'clock in the course he ignores this program, he pretends that even the even the organ Grad when the monkeys aren't here anymore. Don't do that. So we're having him like red China. He doesn't recognize me. Which is fine. That's okay. But at nine o'clock sharp as soon as he says goodbye, the speakers in their musco and the off position or the board operator gets 50 lashes with a wet noodle and his two pay. And has to do a stand side by side when Mo has to drop his pants to get raped to them. Yeah. That's why I'm a, that's what Robert told me. He said he was out yesterday to heal him up. I said, you're so about it. He said you have no idea man. Braccombe. Wow. So look at that. The pull is up finally. Eric, I knew he'd get around to it. He's busy. Have it if you breakfast is maybe with Henry Burrell. Which ethnic group has been most unfairly stereotyped on TV or in the movies? Uh, see, and you always tend to vote for the one that you're involved in, you know, who me? And I'm saying people in general. Boy, you are touching man. You were touching the last bit. I hope you were talking about me because I'm a man. And again, look, we already got 21 votes on there. Day six. That was what I voted. I could have voted Jews because I'm honestly voted for a gaze. Did you? I would have, but you know, we only vote once from here. I thought you could vote in there. You can't. It's whoever votes first. Remember, we're on the table. Oh, well, I got, I beat you to it. A taggin's for Blacks 3, New Yorkas 3, Southern as 2. I don't know what they're talking about. Southern is already depicted. I don't know what they're talking about. Uh, Hispanics 2 and Jews 1. Because there actually are some people in the movie. Some Jews who don't have big noses. Right. I can't think of any. First of all, how many Jews are portrayed in the movies in the first place? There was Hyman Roth. And then there's Oscar Irvin Schindler. Or whatever it is. And then there's a guy who's always talking about it. I'll tell you what. I'll watch that right after I watch that prison movie. What is it? Shawshankman. I don't forget about all of them. Yeah. I'm not what you need to want to. Right. No. I don't want to see any more jum movies. Okay. I can drive right up sunrise lake. See all the old Jews that I want. Okay. And I'm no problem finding Jews down here. I can go up to Boka. I can find Jews. Every variety of Jews to work. I can come to work and see a Jew in there in a morning. In fact, I went into a bullpen. It's more than looking there after that very hysterical phone call about the doctor in the Herpes and J.F.L. is thumb. And a guilty was still kind of torturing and smirkling. Keep looking down to make sure he didn't look up and see me. And more was like, he has this. It's very bizarre. Must be uncomfortable. It must be. Maybe it's because he has his bag hidden like in the side of the chair. That might be it. No, seriously. Look. This is the position. He's got that. Maybe he wants to be real close to guilty. You know, I don't know what it is. But he's like, lots of it. Which makes sure that he can't look behind him. Because there's the big window in the bullpen behind him. So like if I or somebody he doesn't want to see is like standing here, which I was. He doesn't have to see us. You know, he can like hide from the world. That way, he can insulate himself. I mean, how you, you do to show a lot. How could you sit in a chair like this? Like, constant this position and do the chair unless of course your bag is like getting in a way. Or maybe there's a boy. I'm not suggesting he's got a bag, but it's possible. I wish I had a bag. A brand new one. Groups blame Bush for recall. All boy. They say poor fish standards are too lenient. Speaking of that asshole, a call before about chickens. Consumer and environmental groups, yesterday, blamed the Bush administration for the nation's largest meat recall, saying the administration had failed to set adequate safety standards for the meat industry. Officials at the Agroherial Agriculture Department, slightly denied the accusation. Pilgrim Pride Corporation asked that 27.4 million pounds of cooked turkey and chicken products may be turned for fear that the roast and telly meats sold under the Womper brand are contaminated with Listeria Monto-Sai-Jean. What is it? Monto-Sai-Dajines, a potentially fatal bacteria. In soft Florida, the recall affected public supermarkets, but not when Dixie stores said spokespeople for the chains. And you know what? I still wouldn't stop it when Dixie. If you paid for my groceries, I still wouldn't shop there, you know? Now is that like big it under my part or what? No. I just don't like their store. Once upon a time, they were fine. It was a long time ago. Sure. Long time ago. And then depending on what neighborhood you live, then they start letting the stores get really kind of run down and crappy and schmutzie. Because there's a nice sylindixie overrun, right where I used to live. sunrise near a pan Island there. Right. And there's a blockbuster on a quarter there. And in that shopping center, they magnet store is the windixie. That's a nice store. In fact, I ran into PDV, older seven years there, I go in that store. I wish I'd run into him with my cart. And anyway, I wouldn't go there if they paid me. And public sliced deli turkey breast on the executive chef ran as being recalled. Public spokeswoman Maria Reddame said, although this recall involves only turkey breast sliced at the deli counter, we're not. Which I happen to throw out yesterday's matter. After I read saw this story, unopened. Yes. Yes. That did you throw it out after you ate some of them? No. On open. It's kind of even I can't eat it unopened. I mean, I guess I could reach through the side of the bag. You could just chew on the plastic. Wow. All of this recall involves only turkey breast sliced at the deli counter. We're not taking any chances of customer help and safety. We've instructed our stores to pull all executive chef turkey even pre-packaged product. Not affected by the recall. She'd be saying. Customers should return the meat to a local store for refund or replacements. She said, pilgrims, pride, pull $2,95,000. Pounds of turkey and chicken products last Wednesday. But expanded the recall over the weekend. After test came back positive for strains of Listeria. The company said Sunday. The recall covers deli meat primarily sold on the company's Womper Foods brand. It was also sold under brands including Black and Burl. Bonos, Goldenacre, Reliance, and E.F. Ride of Private Labels. The products include turkey and poultry sold freshly sliced or made in the sandwiches of deli counters and an individually sold package of sliced deli meats. The Listeria and Fistation at the plant was discovered by the Department of Agriculture and Spectres trying to find the source of a Listeria outbreak. The Listeria can cause high fever, severe headache, next stiffness. And nausea. It can be fatal and young children, the elderly and people with weak immune systems and cause miscarriages and stillbirds. The illnesses are the result of an excusable dereliction of deli by the government agency charged with assuring meat safety. So Carol Tucker, a former consumer federation of America. Former and other consumer advocates planned the Bush administration's failure to adopt new regulations, covering inspections for Listeria that were initiated by the government. How do you like that? So a bubble was trying to do something about this, but the Bush people said, Oh no, we don't want to clamp down on big business because that's our piezons, that's our buddies, that's our partners in crime. So go ahead and poison a publicable blame it on the alchider, we blame it on terrorists. They're poisoning the food supply. That's it. And by the way, because all this good stuff is going on, say it goes to show you. It's so ridiculous. They make any sense. I can find a guy named Channel Market's going through the roof today. Oh, you see that? No. It's good. Sure. That's right. Good for you. We're a little penny any stocks. That's right. It was up to $0.37. And the NASDX of 43 points. How do you like that? What's here, baby? Well, their earnings reports coming out. That's the reason that we're being given. It seems to me that today is three weeks before election day in these next three weeks, you're going to start seeing all of this phony baloney stuff going on in the market coming back. And then look on the sixth of November to probably take a precipitous dump. Could be wrong about that for you, no me. 957 at 560 WQM 55 votes on a poll, which ethnic group has been most unfairly stereotyped on TV in the movies. A tag in 16, Gaze 14, 7 or 8. Black 7, New Yorkers 6, Hispanics 4 and Jews only won 21, and his name was Haiman Raw. Hey, if you love your home, but you desperately need more space. Here's how you solve that dilemma. Do 100 of other people are doing call strictly additions. Whether you're having a baby, need another room. If you're converting a carport or patio into living space. If you went into business for yourself, I want to make a home office call strictly additions. There's your one stop shop, more space for your place. Place with an absolutely worry free approach to expanding your living space. Those no shows by the contractors ain't going to happen. We do business with these people. No unexpected bills, no worries about the job not getting done right, no incomplete work. And they take care of every last detail. They drop your blueprints. They get the building permits, handle all the inspections. Strictly additions got an easy. Five step approach to total customer satisfaction. First, they call to schedule a free project evaluation appointment at your home where a project has to be able to determine the scope of your addition. Secondly, this schedule a bit of a moment in their convenience, your home, where you're going to detail proposal on an exact price for your work. Thirdly, they select your finishing touches. Go to contract. Fourth review the design and architectural drawings. And finally, fifth last but not least. Sit back with a smile on your post and relaxes your dream edition. Move the head on schedule with unbeatable quality. See how easy that is? Give Strictly additions a call. You can check out their end of the other pages if you like. They serve all of Broward and South Palm Beach. The number is 954-791-8100. Their license, their insured professionals are going to do a super job for you. 954-79-8100. Be sure to tell them old meal and pd-lany to a new call. 791-810. 591-890. 691-890. 691-890. And where it's evolved from then. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-890. 591-8 90. 591-890. 591-980. 791-890. and they said he's eaten up all the profits are drinking them anyway it was very close with a baby those were really the days when men were men and uh... Henry was on a sidelines and rickweaver was up there doing games those with a days those were something he ran out here like crazy when i said rickweaver is the overhead did a diers at me and here must be you i didn't touch the police said that today that ballistic evidence has conclusively linked the fatal shooting of a woman last night to the warston area sniper attacks got it conclusively like this if there was any doubt the woman was slain by a single gunshot last night in the parking lot of a home depot she was identified as linda frackman forty seven hour hour linked in virginia the shooting makes fair facts county virginity for uh... one is the fifth local and the wash the area which is sniper struck each victim shot with a single two twenty three caliber bullet as we need is a lot more crazy people with guns on you and are a people thank you thank you very much for making america a crazy country with crazy people with guns running loose that sixty minutes think was i guess it was no accident that the peace was on on uh... sunday night good timing going to have absolutely no impact and there's another example not only did the endless theory of their and people getting food poisoning because of the bush administration says hands off big business but there's another deal in remember when they were sent all we're gonna have our office right down the hall from the oral office that's right we're gonna be sent off of like two of the people were the president's his ass once these bush year right when you're given there and they did control a uh... country and people under a g-hocom as all this violence going on can't figure it out you know can't figure it out myself three minutes after ten five sixty w q on we got the mad on i got to tell you the definitive call the definitive call of all time on talk radio i'm driving home yesterday i i didn't mean to stop it on mad dog show i would open the door to waive to them because i couldn't get his attention to the bullpen so i did it like welcome back from my Denver et cetera nice job and he like calls me and so i sit down in the per couple minutes and they were bonding you know and i get the car and i'm driving home and he gets a call so help me this is this is the definitive sports nerd this is what's wrong with his radio station with this town with this country with this world is people like this caller and his comment i wish we had it on tape he's going on to the mad dog about all my gosh i've been on the phone with people all over the country he's talking about the u of m and the adult and wins on setterie and something i've been touched with people all over the country and they're just it's just amazing art we blessed down here and i didn't know what to drive off the road blow my brains out search for this guy and blow his brains out what what is that are we blessed down here because our football teams want a couple of big games over the weekend are we blessed down here or what uh oh no my life is better yeah sure is hello improve my life a lot i mean what what kind of kaka is that what kind of people are we dealing with on this radio station who think that because we had teams that want football games therefore somehow this is paradise you know what i'm saying paraphrick and dice go to Vegas you'll find a paraphrick and dice come here you find a pair of old cockers out there when a guy damn a sidewalk christian long or maybe even worse than that in their car in their jiu cano go to about twenty miles an hour and a middle sunrise bullet bar that's what you'll find the uh doctor that form the surgery on uh jacid there's thump didn't need the same doctor that performed the uh procedure on your q-peek now there's one thing i'd like to know how to this guy know that that's what i'm wondering you think he's got like some help on the inside maybe he knows the insider that sends us all those inside faxes here in the building maybe that was the inside and fact maybe that was the insider yeah a k a jury with a swing little writing which i'm discovering all of that stuff is coming from inside the building morey and downright so right and this looks too long for like right now don't it oh nice huh nothing can do it in like four five minutes well give it a shock and this is the first of two morey and dot columns today she's the bed well she's one of the best in the New York Times the bush prescription w w j d at the f d a we may soon find out of w david haker become chairman of the powerful food and registration panel on women's health policy is resume seems more impressive for theology than gynecology i get the feeling i read this before read that before and you know why why see i have the more recent column from the York Times then this is this is in the sun sent up today and i thought she because they have lying it looked like it was about this other thing you know and this is all stuff i read this from terrarotl and it's just showing up today in the guy damn sun sent up no wonder i feel like about 100 years behind down here wasn't i trying to tell you about the tabloids you can't find them all the stuff that you're right there i can't find in the story but what kind of an he in the top places that you go up in terrarotl when every guy damn court there's another book you know books then new stand would like re-living and breathing new papers from all over the world with the tabloids with good publications with crap publications would sneeze and well whatever this is the land of the wuppa hey aren't we blessed yeah seriously that phone call made me just want to get in just genima corvette and hit up the hersey how in florick just get that out of here aren't we blessed and he's been he's been talking to people all over the country about what about about two football games and they're they're just they're all just flabbergasted they're not concerned about some sniper that's blown away innocent people up there in dc area in in virginia they don't care about that or about the fact that we're ready to go to war and sacrifice the lives of hundreds or thousands of young people they're gonna or and slaughter thousands of innocent people they're not concerned about that and jeopardize the safety of every man woman and child on the planet they don't give a crap about but we're blessed because we've got a couple of football games all i can say to you series but that's all that's all i can say because that's all you can relate to third and two on a 14-year-old line man what what are we talking about here we're talking kaka baby kaka is what we're talking about don't play that man it's thing not just had a feeling we're going to play it in fact we're going to play any man it's thing i think that the new stuff is you know work play like 20 or 30 times if i can find a goddamn thing it's because we have some of them i don't have a penis i've never had one i swear we believe you when you went to me she can what he expect he's an old smoothie like can we bear all he's an old smoothie i could go for a smoothie and we was here with his uh lovely daughter and we got old and fat and we bear all he's the wine sales consultant gardener's markets all over time the whole chain he said so he goes from store to store checking out the wine and the cheese whatever also god his gardener's food market whatever else they got for you know he's living a dream he's got a nice scan i'm sorry he didn't bring your good friend mark Benson with him though you could have spoken to him in esponial he would have run out the door screaming and shrieking come on it's after 10 at five sixty w q a and there's never been a better time to buy yourself a new home or we find antsy resisting home how about this rate 3.95 percent that's right financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95 percent all you have to do is pick up the phone and call him and get all the information how this works call 1-800-940-L-E-N-D that's 1-800-940-5363 the money you're going to save is unbelievable all we're fine think about it you can get a hundred thousand dollar loan for only 450 bucks a month or a two hundred thousand dollar loan for only nine hundred and fifty bucks a month you want to go about this no matter which button you hit it still fits in the process is simple you're going to save yourself thousands of dollars each year for the late say just pick up the phone and call our good friends at financial group at one eight hundred nine four o'clock there's never been a better or smarter time to get you a low interest rate so confidential group you'll be on a way to big big savings baby the answer group is an equal housing winner quitter restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change so column right now toll free one eight hundred nine four o'clock L-E-N-D that's one eight hundred nine four o'clock 53 63 if you're one of the millions of people who've been praying to hear the post singing on his own CD your prayers have been answered now through a special arrangement with a Vatican his holy miss his back and he's singing better than ever on the pop sings he's a lovely little through the special my name is Bob John Paul yes it's Bob John Paul the second singing songs that will lift you up and make you get down he's the around the starting play that organ new is a choir boy play that organ music right play that organ music boy play down in boogie and play that organ music delight I had which might be so the pop sings gives you the chance to hear the many sides of the owner of the pop will all the other pop will be much better than the other of a stupid he's the partner and I'll be see the he's the boss you should be playing finger you should all go big and then get a church play high sticks if you want to you're here being the poor if you not always or short so go out in bigger real The Pope sings is available now on a special introductory price. Get it, save yourself $5. Alright, let me ask you, are we blessed down here or what? You know, when you come right to speak in the Pope. Also speaking in the Pope, according to Vatican officials, Pope John appalled the tooth. Intense to issue a document recommending the Catholics increased to 20 from 15. The number of events or mysteries in Jesus' life that may contemplate, they may contemplate when they say the 59-beed rosary. You better learn your rosary crap, Mr. Your Rosary, or etiquette. The document will be released in conjunction with the celebration of John Paul's 24th anniversary. He was elected to the papacy in 1978 when they blew a lot of smoke up somebody's ass. And now at eight or two years of age, he's among the longest serving Pope's ever. I guess he didn't rig that tea. Once senior Vatican officials said the Pope's decision to amend the rosary was in keeping with his creativity and courage and his approach to the boundaries, obligations and opportunities of the papacy. When that Georgia has got his own rosary beads in it right now, do that in some kind of a voodoo ritual. And Larry, who sent me the facts, has courage my ass how about addressing the priest scandal. Oh, we can't do that. This is a very outrageous priest who's got the balls to keep Cardinal on here in Boston against all odds. Remember that movie against all odds? Yeah, it was kind of crappy. My rosaries were made in Italy. Look at his advertising on our facts museum. Does that cost my ass or what? When I get that at home, because the end of it when your facts machine starts clicking at the house, you think, oh, here's something we're deciding coming in, you know? And turns out to be some stupid ass ad for like ink and laser jet printers and all kinds of crap. What's the difference between the round beads and the oval beads? Oh, the oval ones are for Puerto Ricans. Now which ones have you got? No, some of the beads are oval and some around intermittently. Where you asking me? I don't know, call up default. Maybe he's got some Indian connections they can tell you. I don't have any idea. I don't know from rosary beads, okay? Man. Hey, I'm Mary Holy Mother of God. Let's say 400 Hail Mary's. They'll give this up to about 1245. People who just keep chanting a lot of meaningless crap. Those people are brainwashed. Those people are cultists is what they are. Make no mistake about that. Oh, let's say about 30 Hail Mary's in the Lordle forgive you. Oh, my God, if you've pardon that expression. Oh, God. What is wrong with people? Oh, look at us. A post office box has been set up so people can sit in information about the sniper. There we need to do a hell of a job, you know what? And when you see people like old moosey man in DC, you really have the confidence that they're going to work together and get this job. But what, whatever it takes, well if it's together, it must be whatever, right? It's not as good. Speaking of TV, speaking of the media, sick is all hell as they are. Let's see if that market is still soaring by the way. I'm just just astonishing to me. Look at that, dial up 248 up to 8125. And as deck up 44.5 up to 1265. Up to 1265. Wow, Hallelujah, man. Let's have a party in our pants. Harry Smith, Hannah Storm, Julie Chen and Renee Siler have become the new anchors of the early show. CBS News is weekday morning broadcast. It was announced yesterday by Andrew Hayward, president of CBS News and the eye is weeping. Why is it weeping? See, because they keep doing this over and over again. They keep bringing back people who failed, like Harry Smith, for example. And like, or like, Brian Gumball, and now they're going to succeed and they never do. I like Harry Smith, don't get me wrong. But, you know, he's not going to make any difference on there. Would you watch CBS in a more incarcerated Smith is on there? No, man, that's Julie, personally. Julie Chen? No, I'm just kidding. No way. No, Hannah Storm? I don't know what she looks like. The new two hour broadcast will premiere Monday, October 28th, which sounds to me like a week from next Monday at 7am on CBS Channel 4 locally here. The early show will end by the way, Channel 4 doing a tremendous job for our buddy Troy Valence for life. You see that last night I did, though. And he's on it with his two little earrings on there, looking really kind of fruity if he asks me. But anyway, they're doing a hell of a job, the zone died. And of course, I wonder where they find out about these things for this big, uh, hype must be sweeps. Isn't it? Must be. New fall season. Atkins thing last week and now balance for life this week. And you'll never guess I forgot to mention it yesterday. Friday, while he was hyperventilating in front of the weather map. The weather fairy, a little Brian, guess what he said. He said, if you think that this might come our way, you are absolutely correct sir. Absolutely correct. And he kind of liked turtle when he said it kind of like a, uh, Guilty, turtle this morning when I called him and about the doctor and the most wig. On. Feetler. Ha ha, you feeling that? That was great. That's going, Guilty. He didn't even realize he just couldn't control himself. Anyway, first and foremost, the early news show is a news program said, hey, words of a contingent to provide viewers with the stories and issues that they, as well as Yokell news and weather. But he adds their anchors will also give you a more spontaneous broadcast with four distinct personalities that in their own interest to the mix. The result will be a laughing unconventional and engaging program. You know what they tried emulate? The traumatic to imitate that CBS, I mean, to see an ending with Paul I and with that other guy that's just around, you know, what is sit around being wise guys for a couple of hours. Yeah, right. Michael, that scene executive producer of the early short, explained the unique talents and diversity of our anchors give us great flexibility and putting together an informative interesting broadcast each day. In addition to being free from the conventional format of anchors simply all the things. Stories for two hours when news warrants are anchors and see the reason I pause there is their hammering again down below me here. Every time you make noise done, they're I'm going to stop talking. How do you like that? Every time you like make a if somebody farts down on a second floor, I'm going to like stop. I'm going to have a long pause to refresh. If you don't cut the crap. Let's see, I came back Thursday, Thursday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday. So this is like my fourth show back, so it's two out of four already, that they're dicking around in there in the second floor. Nothing while you were gone, by the way. Not a peep. Not a fart, not a grips, not anything down there. And as soon as the word got around that I was back, they're going nuts down there. They're on ape Schmidt. But the shirt was nice seeing Henry Burrell in his daughter. Good old buddies of ours from Wild. Man, oh, it's with a great day. Let me tell you that right now. Wild. Oh, I hate that stage. Well, we do too, but it makes me think of Mikey and Roger. Right. You're good buddy. Roger. Am I a memory Magdalene? I answer that his name. Oh, Gabuga. How about those shorts? I like those days, man. We were having a pretty good time in those days. There was nothing wrong with that. Squirt sports. See there's going to be right there. A lot of people don't even realize that's old Mikey there. Squirt sports. Uh-huh. Just like Mitch Lewis. Oh, my. In fact, most of the good stuff goes back to the IOD days. Most of the good stuff that we got. Yes. Am I right? Of course. In fact, when we came to this stage, and that's when the caller's really started going south. I guess probably because we're not sports intensive enough. And because this station, or we're listening to you have to have a jackstep around your radio. That's a prerequisite. Yeah, you do. You have to have a rosary beads around your microphone and a jackstep around your radio and pray for the Keynes. Pray for the Cunes. Dominiful. And how about that ethnic sands? Uh, I'm still waiting to hear what kind of a name that is. Ethnic sands. You think it'd be like an ethnic name? Which ethnic group has been most unfairly stereotyped on TV or and movies? This is our poll question that any arraggios.com. We have a thermometer. And both Italians 29, Gaze 24, Blacks 18, Southern Air 17, New York is 11, Hispanics 8 and Jews 2, 2 Jews. And speak on a TV. See you know, so I mixed these two together here. Actually, bandfield MSNBC star is losing its sparkle. The globe-trotting journalist who became MSNBC's go-to gal after 9, 11 has lost her prime time perched. But they're changing shows around more than we do sales people. You know what? They had that Allen keys is making sense or whatever the hell it was. Was that the name of the show? Yeah, when they discovered that he doesn't make it, he sends that he's a self-hating right-wing spook and they got him off of their real quick. And the absence of breaking news, bandfields on location to become MSNBC's lowest rated prime time series, equipment and elson media research. And if it was the lowest one, man, how low can you go? Her nightly series, which air to tell be replaced Monday by MSNBC Investigates, a documentary series, bandfield becoming alternating host of the program, will work on pieces for other MSNBC and NBC news programs since July. Raidingson. The ratings declines of commitment pressure and management to boost viewership over the summer, and the networks prime time line-up was relaunched anchored by new Fildani Houtong Show, that Georgian I watched once in a while nobody else. Last Monday, the network shift that it's talker in Oshman from 5 to 7 PM to accommodate count on a rack and a new program, devoted to latest on that country, and also make more room for jury to have several dinners each night. Talker about a guy that's big as a house. Yesterday, Jeffrey Emile, chief executive officer of NBC parent general, elected to hold a Fox News channels, Neil Kavuto, that MSNBC's ratings aren't nearly where we like them to be, and we're going to take some action to try and get them up there. I told my guys to make it interesting and make it competitive. Get them up there. The Spideys Concerns, Emile's also said the channel had improved. He wanted to take on Fox. The standard right now is Fox. I wanted to be his interesting and edgy as you guys are a total Kavuto, who's about as exciting as a frog's fart. As part of that shift, Mark Rosenbosser, executive editor of NBC's date line has been brought on board to help supervise the channel's prime time line up, which they keep changing and shifting. Desperate to put some kind of crap on here. When surprised me if Aaron Summers is on her next week doing honeybears, anything to try to get a viewer share. Huh? Naked. Oh, and you know something more time is that show on MTV? Oh, or is it on Monday? It's only on a Monday? No, I don't know. Well, I got it on there right now. In fact, it says something about we're spanking it. See that on a bottom of the screen? Spanking? Yes. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. See what I'm want to do is like intermingles some calls here. If we have anybody with anything to say those 38% who are insist that they got to have calls on a show to bring it back up to its former high quality. And we're waiting to see some tremendous response on their I don't. WQIM. Hey Neil? Yes sir. Hey, you taking calls on any subject today? Yeah. Hey, you and I agree on something. And I can understand how that can be. You seem to be a little inconsistent on this point. How can you be for a homosexual or be against homosexuality? Well, it just seems inconsistent. Why would you be against homosexuality? Because I think it places them in the very, very dangerous position. I don't think that they should be. But you have said before that homosexuals aren't interested in boys. I didn't know I said homosexuals aren't all pedophiles. Of course they're not. Well, then why should I? I just got to explaining it to you. If a homosexual isn't interested in boys, why are you against something? Because some of some of the people who are interested in boys are not interested in boys. Why are you against something? Because some of them are just like some heterosexuals are interested in little girls. Let me ask you this today. Do they have heterosexual males as girls, Scout leaders? Like that go out and sleep and tense with young girls? If you follow your logic. Yeah, you're certain. It's very, it's very, it's very, it's a, let me say it again. One of the reasons I stop taking calls is people like you because you pretend you want to have a conversation. You asked me a question. I give you the answer. And all you want to do is like a dog chasing its tail around in the circle. Which is just a total waste of time. Let me make a point. What is your point, my homophobic friend? I hear it is. Yeah, this is Dennis by the way. Oh, Dennis chronic Dennis chronic Catholic Dennis. Oh, chronic Catholic Dennis. Oh, see. And as far as this topic is going once again, Dennis would like to have worked in attention from the pedophile priest. That's what Dennis would like to do again, okay? And interestingly enough, the Vatican considers barring gay men from becoming priest. That's where it was done in my pile a little bit. But just to get Dennis working on his unit a little bit during after the break. I'll move that right up to the top. How do you like that? We'll put you right on top then, so to speak. My homo obsessive friend. He is obsessed. You're the most dangerous thing on the planet right now. You've faggot. Really? According to him. Huh, I thought it was the Pope. And George like he says. Yeah, Dennis, see that's another thing. Chronic, we're not interested in talking to the same old tired chronic's over and over and over again. Another problem with the callers is that most sane people, most rational people have a life. They don't sit around calling radio talk shows. But you know something, aren't we blessed down here? Oh, my God, save us from the sports nerds. Please, in fact, rub your rosary beads here a little bit. Why do I meant to, please, let's say a brahha. Save us from the force of the sports force. I've worked out out and I cast a hoist of sports nerds. Okay, Tubman's rared. That ought to do it. And the same for you by the way, Dennis. Talk to your family priest. I'll interpret it for you. Hangs out with the Jews. 27 after 10 at 5, so where do you think they got them? Venies from. Does this sound like you overworked underpaid stuck in a really crappy dead end job? Yeah, I'm too appreciated. Well, and do yourself a favor and pick up your phone and call nice people at fast train and get out of your dead end rut. Call 866 Fast Train. The demand for certified computer professionals has never been veteran fast train. Can help you achieve a new Korean as little as four months. Fast train is South Florida's largest certified Microsoft training center with locations in Pembroke Pines for Loderdale. Candle and Miami. Fast train offers convenient day evening weekend classes. Fact train got a full-time job placement department with over 30 years experience. So if you're overworked, in fact, as a matter of fact, Dennis, I think all those game and ought to be priests. So if you're overworked, underpaid, under appreciated, stuck in a dead end, or they already are, stuck in some dead end job. Like the priesthood. Don't wait another minute. Pick up the phone and call fast train. 866 Fast Train. Just think about it in four short months. You can be on your way to becoming a high paid computer professional in a great career with a greater and a better potential. Take my advisor, take Todd Drek's advice, pick up that phone and call fast train toll free. 1-866 Fast Train. That's 1-866 Fast Train or check them out of the web at fast train.com. We are sports radio five season. You a M. Hold tired of that crap. I can tell you right now. Me too. 1-2-3. Check your time, two-three. When your fear comes, all that am-ree. 4-5, oh when you hear it. 1-866 Fast Train. Pock a kick, Pock a kick. 1-866 Fast Train. The sound has become far ahead, as you can see. It gonna flow your kicks, baby. It gonna flow up to the foot, yeah but now the way knows it, go fast train... Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, bye, hey, hey, hey, hello, read me Hey, gentlemen, time to come on with classes. We know that way. We know that we're selling all over here. Yeah, play that hopefully. And then read that little bit about the Pope and another talker Ryan. All of a sudden, there he was on a photo again and during the break, George is telling me he was listening to NPR a couple of months ago and he were having some discussion on the priesthood scandal and a whole thing about the pedophile priest. And there is debt is calling it on. So evidently, he's going from station to station defending the air waves against all these anti-catholic people defending the air waves against the homosexual agenda of the same rhetoric that making us seem more tired crap like I said, like a dog chasing the tailor wound in the circle then is hey, how about saying a couple of hail Miris, couldn't hurt? Get out those rosary beads and rub a little bit Dennis. Maybe you'll get forgiveness, okay, for being a one-dimensional asshole. Maybe it might help, but I doubt it. And look at that phone, is that phone on fire? Oh, or what? Well, while at phone and where we're waiting for those calls to build up again with some more of these chronics that you people missed so badly, a state district judge in Texas has declared a mis-trial yesterday and the sexual assault and all the station trial of a former liturgist at St. John the Apostle Catholic Church in North Richland Hills. Oh, this is another piece of propaganda, I guess. Oh, no. It's in the Fort Worth Star telegram, so must be propaganda. Judge George Gallagher announces this isn't just after an uniest today, when the jury of eight men and four women told him they were to deadlock nine to three of them in the majority voting guilty. Joseph Mangon, 45 of Fort Worth, was tried to being tried on six counts of aggravated sexual assault of a child, sexual assault and indecency with a child. The jury had deliberated about 13 hours over three days in the Court number 396 and Fort Worth. Early when the day, the jury foreman told Gallagher that the jury would be able to reach a verdict if it were given more time Court officials said, but 20 minutes later, the jury members informed the judge they were deadlocked. I'm disappointed the jury couldn't reach a decision, say, Jay Leph, a mayor and county assistant DA, but will consider a continued to pursue this a second trial of schedule for January. I believe the jury considered all the facts had been a handson of Arlington Mangon's attorney. There were some of the prosecution didn't meet all the burden of the proof. The mistrial came after Mangon rejected a plea remin offered by prosecutors on Friday under the agreement he would have pleaded guilty to aggravated the assault, sexual assault of a child, and been sentenced to ten years probation with the fortification. Monaco's honor for a life to about here was accused of doing this and it must be another one of those thousands of isolated incidents that the jury is trying to so desperately to cover up and do an a real good job because we got to many other important things to worry about. Well, if you took any profession and turned the microscope right, you can't get that to lose. Well, that's right. Make no mistake about that. Like plumbers. Right. School teacher's school teacher. Oh, see now you get real touchy with that. You get Dennis upset again. 134 votes on a pool pretty weak. Which ethnic group has been most unfairly stereotyped on TV or in the movies. The 10th and 36 gays, 26, 7 is 24, Blacks 22, New Yorkers 14, Hispanic, Spick's 10, and Jews only appear. Not a call on that board and these people wanted, phone calls back on a show. The first two hours yesterday, not bad. I give it like, you know, about a six and a half on a scale of 10. The last two hours, about a two and a half on a scale of 10. And so far today in an hour and 35 minutes. Can you think of a really good call? We've had so far today. The one guy who, uh, forget what he was talking about. He was okay. He was kind of boring. Oh, well. Yeah, about your e-fall. Well, he was okay. But other than that, just the usual cockarad, the usual crap. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. And you would think, you'd think based on every time we ask the audience about that. Oh, yeah, we got to have more of those calls back to make the show more entertaining. That's what it's all about. The callers, we don't want to hear your crap. You would think that there must be so many people out there with something to say. What was the first call I punched up this morning? Remember, I, I, I pretended I was you and I said, well, what do you want to talk about? Oh, I don't know anything. Right? Huh? About anything. Yeah. Yeah. I think maybe he like mispronounced. We're trying to say, I don't know anything. This is what we're trying to say. Maybe just what had his thing out of joy. His hairpiece. WM. Hey, hi, Newha. Oh, I'm okay. Just a quick comment on in regards to this gay stuff on the Catholic Church. It's ridiculous. It needs to be stopped and something needs to be done about it. I mean, it's just more and more cases are coming out every day. And these people are blind. They get a date on sea. Oh, and, and very interesting point. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my God. I forgot what I was going to say. WQAM. Yes. This is Steven. Steven? Steven? Next, Steven. Yes. How are you? I do pedal drugs too. No. I'm just calling you to freak it by brother. I'll be talking about him all the time. Well, see, I mean, you're a canoage and how many Steve M is there could be in Davy? I'm putting on your card also. There must be dozens of Steve M is in Davy. Now, they don't, they Steve tried to. They don't all pedal drugs. He does. He does. He's peddle drugs. Well, what, what, what is he doing? He's a pain. Oh, he's a painter. Well, so is Hitler, you know? This is a very important call folks. This is the drug dealer for Pete Lenny and the Todd Dreck. This is the drug dealer's sister on the phone right now. And you're the best collar we've had all day, so that should tell you a lot about the phone calls. I'm telling you, so thank you, me and I appreciate it. Okay, we'll tell Steve George to be over after the show. Gotcha. Okay, thanks. Bye. Bye. Rimes with blow. Five six seven or five and rhymes with joders. Yo, custella went there and by the way, got your thing through it in a waste basket. I told you don't waste the money on that. The wedding invitation on her scrutiny Tommy stuck his head in the door. Quit being so fruity when you were getting fashes about complaining about the response. Boach up a little bit. Take a couple of, take a couple of, what's your call? What do you call him? Well, Steve M's got him. Whatever they are. See, take a couple of my agres and Boach up a little before the next spot. You know what I'm saying? I wonder, did these people hear that thing that we had this morning with the doctor call? Did they hear that call from Oshia? The doctor that performed surgery on Jay Feabler's thumb. Didn't he just say the same doctor that performed the procedure on your QP? Um, the doctor who performed the surgery. Let's think about that. What's his name? Klein. Do you feel his doctor? Yeah. I don't know where he was. He used George Callle. I'm not sure. I'm not sure where he was. I'm not sure where he went. Did he go to Holy Cross? I didn't read it. Not sure. Well, bottom line is that the doctors can't tell how long Jay is going to be out there. No, you're not sure. Somewhere in least a month could be up to eight weeks. Somewhere in there. Wally on the wall with your QM. Hey, you're on QM, all the NM mobile. Let's just skip right along. Let's make sure Robert dumps that. But with all the good stuff that you hear in a morning show, which there isn't too much but the good stuff you hear in a morning show, we'll make sure that. Dumped it. A man with no sense of humor. A man who just absolutely goes into a panic when anybody takes a little bit of a shot. Very sad, Mo. Very sad. But it was a very attractive, but it was still where a Columbus day piece this morning, by the way. Yeah, the Christopher Columbus hairpiece. It was lovely. 19 before 11 at 5.60 WCQA and pizza lawful. Fluffy or lid man. In fact, the brand new pizza law is open right now as we speak. I'm going to have to get in there. See how a ponytail is doing. Speaking of hairpieces. Pizza lawped is got that original brow at location in our university, drive between given in 5.95. Go in stronger than ever when they got delicious Italian goodies. Every day of the week lunch dinner late night snacks. And where they got three different kinds of great pizza award-winning lasagna. The best garlic rules you've ever popped in your mouth. Every Monday is lasagna. I like tonight at the pizza law. Every Tuesday is a plan. Did I say Monday is tonight? Well, Tuesday like I said is a plan night. But while these dinners on these nights get to second-for-one five bucks in both locations. Wednesday, kids eat free with a else conceded. Just stay in this magician. Every Thursday is black night at the law. Come on a motorcycle by one dinner. Get the second one for half price. For we're takeout or delivery in the university. Location call 9.5.4 9.16 88 80 9.5. 9.5.4 9.16 88 80. For the brand new store of an implantation. Navajo and sunrise right behind Walgreens. It's 3.8 2.19 99. That's 9.5 4.3 8.2 99. The same fresh great Italian goodies, the same low prices. And the same happy service with a smile on a push. At both pizza law locations open right now. I like that law. This is sports winning. I like to keep it. You way, yeah. We'll change it up right me. On the pizza, Can't believe the different movies. With your fucking yellow cheese so far apart. Can't believe the country's love what you'd be doing. Get the old fascist black dead, You're against what's the thought. Is you late cause you were at home. Brooklyn, Brooklyn. Is you deflacate and you're familiar with this mob. Does they lack? Are you sure they're shoes gonna be fun? I was the way you wash and talk the white is cause. God did you nurse and he trust you, God believed you. To tell our allies of the green oil low. But then he make you clean all the white house bathroom. The couple seems to dirt toilet and then scrub the floor. They tell you don't wear sandals. God don't leave no. Your clothes keep don't help make them warm. Rich and you. You're not in a gang. You just like it, they feel cold. If you'll be what you'd be that dopey spoon. When they while you be fit in fat cage, Maybe that's. That they treat you just like your ester room. That's when your head will move from side to side. Dr. Leighlo. It's your bullshit from it. They be crack on asshole. Number one was for bullets. Job. It's aPlaying sound. the team-colored astral van with a silver ladder on top. Simple logic dictates that the van has to be somewhere at all times. It can't simply materialize, then the superiors and average art bellistner might have you believe. Now with every person who's outdoors walking, driving, etc, how is it possible that something so obvious cannot be seen, detained, and freaking taken care of, question mark? What part of this do you want to, I'm not understanding, Espoel. Excellent point. Wouldn't you think they'd be like muscle up to every guy damn anything that even looks even close? Wouldn't you think? But then again, you're talking about such a large area. And you're talking about people, obviously aren't keeping these vehicles, but probably not keeping them like out in the open, and I'm sure there are a lot of those vans, and I'm sure they keep stopping them and checking them and finding nothing. Right. They got to find the right one. Yeah. No, I just... Is this before or after they change the coffee and bring out the phrase donuts? Oh. Esca, Mr. Mooseen, next time he comes on, ask him about that. I don't want to sound that I'm a little skeptical about police work and the FBI and all of this, but it just seems in his country, man. They don't seem to be able to catch almost anybody. Remember Ted Bundy? They caught him like three times, and two times he got away. Just kind of walked out. Wow, I think I'm getting out of here for a while, you know. Vatican Kid, this is good. This will get Dennis all whipped up into a frenzy. Now, how come that fax is ringing again? Is this going to be another fax? QAM. It's not even a... What is it? That's you coming back at your phone. What is this strange place? You know, I can't get out of here fast enough. Like I said, Dennis, this will get you like, you'll have your hand one hand on your unit. If you got one, I'll one hand up your rectum with somebody else's. Vatican considers barring game end for becoming priests. Uh-oh. Squirt's court. He just lost it, Dennis. The Vatican is internally circulating draft proposals that would bar homosexual men for becoming priests, a policy long discussed within the Roman Catholic Church hierarchy, they're getting renewed attention in the aftermath of these sex abuse scandals in the US. No action to bar game end from seminaries is likely anytime soon, a senior Vatican official said last week, the official said the document which originated in the Vatican Department responsible for a Roman Catholic education is being passed around for a comment from a variety of officials and experts in perverts. It's being studied where far from formatting a policy the official will be saying. The initiative comes as American vishops are awaiting a Vatican judgment on policies they've implemented aim, but removing sex abuse of priests from parish work and possibly defrocking them. Bishop Wilton Gregory, who had the US Conference of Catholic bishops, was scheduled to arrive in Rome last weekend to receive the Vatican decision on the policies, Catholic legal experts in Vatican officials have indicated they believe the US rules conflict with internal church law and therefore may not get a full endorsement. According to some reports, the West ended, may receive approval and experimental basis, there may need to be a to see harmony between the American policy and candle all we had at the earliest of day. The wave of sex abuse scandals in the US Catholic Church ignited a debate over whether homosexual or not a party per se played a role. The equating of homosexuality and abuse wild critics who say there's no evidence that homosexuals are more likely to engage in abuse than heterosexuals, which of course the statistics prove that overwhelmingly. All sides agree many gay men have been ordained. Gregory and remarks this summer said there was an ongoing struggle to make sure that the Catholic priesthood is not dominated by homosexual men. Well I hate to break the news to you, Pops, but it is. Not just by homosexual men, but by pedophile homosexual men. A special category. A survey carried out last year by the Catholic University of America found that 41% of US priests had against some culture. Clearly, or probably existed in seminaries, where they studied in 55% of the same for their perishes or religious institutions. I see, Dennis is all for that because he believed in the reason that there's this scandal is because of the infestation of homosexuality. Absolutely. And all faggots are potential pedophiles. But to see him forward too, because if they eliminate all homosexual priests from the priesthood, then there won't be any more Catholic Church. Here is Jerry's facts today, which I saw one word and it's in the Schmidt-Kan jury. What a shame Jerry, or whatever your name is this week. See, that's another thing being here. They think they can get through to me with their chronic facts because you're not going to like censor them. But the only problem that I'd be in as soon as they come off out off the press, they're right in the oldish-Mittkin in about 85 pieces. 165 votes on a pool, which ethnic group has been most unfairly stereotyped on TV or in the movies. This is 43, Gaze 33, Black 31, Southerners 29, New Yorkers 15, Hispanics 10, Jews only for. Speaking of Jews, reveler and Italians, reveler celebrated a descendant of American heritage yesterday without Mayor Michael Bloomberg, who skipped the Columbus Day Parade Manhattan because his friends from the Suprenos were told they couldn't attend. I said, let's hear it for the old mayor, huh? Why not? Sure. You go, Mayor. You go, boy. You go, Joe boy. The great organizers last week vetoed Bloomberg's march to play in a March with two cast members of the Suprenos, complaining that the hit HBO show negatively portrays the Italian American life. That's why we're taking that poll today, by the way, for some people may be a little bit slow on the uptake. HBO, like CNN, is part of AOL Time Warner. The mayor responded by saying he wouldn't show up if they weren't included. It's like he's being spiteful, said Kristen Coutunio, 23, who came in from long hours to see the parade. It's just a show. I would never say the portraying all Italians is being in the mob. The Columbus citizen's foundation at Sout of Head of a Quarter to Bending Bloomberg from bringing Dominic Chinacy and Laurena. I'm not pronouncing his name right, by the way. It's Kianacy. Yeah, sure. That's what they said on the news last night. They're always pronouncing. And Laurena Braco to Monday's parade along Fifth Avenue, Kianacy plays New Jersey mob boss, Jr. soprano, Barack Obama, saw a character as Dr. Melphy. Bloomberg said he invited the parade of arts because Braco waxes, they said he spokeswoman on environmental issues, and Kianacy makes a public service announcement for tourism. After both sides of the grid organizers could invite or unenvite anyone they wanted to the parade to judge said he had nothing to rule on. Foundation by his president Frank Wissar was that they still wanted Bloomberg to march by himself, but the mayor skipped the attendant American celebration they have lunch with the actors yesterday. They showed him in some little hole, some little last. And Henry Burrow was eating in their two-smetter fact. And Josh Friedman. Well, he really got fat, you know. Good guy Henry had a big smile on his push. He looked like a happy camper. His daughter is still lovely young lady, but Henry, it's been nice to know when it's all I can say. He's been loomed up like astronomical proportions. And of course, we also forgot in our enthusiasm for seeing him about how he screwed over the area on whatever time waxy. Yeah. We forgot about that. Yeah, I forgot about it. But while the wheels have been grinding, see, I was happy to see him and I like Henry, but he did f over Renery badly there. I'll just because they offered him the show and not renier with his buddy Mark Benson. I mean, one day you're the news guy and you're like the guy's sidekick and the next day all of a sudden you're taking over the show. Renery's on on a street again, having to fend for himself after getting screwed over by a bob green and IOD. Wonder how little bob greens doing by the way. Wonder if he and Cheryl got their heads together on that project yet for that satellite radio show. You think? That's thanks to more of these great calls. What do you say? Well, mix it up. Mix and match. OK, rhymes with catch, snatch, batch. WQAM. How new? Yes, man. Welcome to a back to crap town. Ah, ah. I have two comments actually. One this morning when they played that when the doctor got called in about the two days, they cut off the two pay part. So all you hear is that that's after that performed the surgery. Right, they dumped it. They dumped it. That's why we're playing the whole thing. The un-expergated version. Excellent. And after the dolphin game on Sunday night, I switched to the national sports AM station there. And they were going nuts over the German-age clip. They kept playing it and asking who that guy was. And what kind of a lunatic was he? And who was working with David Howard and how unprecedented he was? They kept playing it. And people were calling in. But yeah, that guy's from Miami because he didn't manage. They were making fun of him. It was so funny. Well, he'll take all the publicity they want to give him. Yeah, and I haven't heard anything about that. So I guess nobody else doesn't see it. No, we talked about that yesterday. And I even went in there talking with a mad dog about on his show about the fact that they were giving him crap and he didn't care. Yeah, of course not. And of course when you have to work with Moe on the news, you got enough pressure already. Yeah, but they were like defending the Moe and bragging on him on Jim. Yeah, well, the ride of time, they don't know. Alrighty. Have a great day, sweetheart. Bye-bye. How do you like that? We're going to couple of women on the show today. And of course what they don't understand is mad dogs problem. I don't have a penis. That's why he talks to a high pitch during the games. Right, just like guilty. Well, the only thing where he has a gigantic penis, so maybe it's like when it gets beyond a certain point, when it gets to Milton Brawl stage, you know, maybe it goes the opposite direction. Maybe your voice like it's real deep in it, it goes through a certain low and then it gets starts on the high end again. You know what I'm saying? It doesn't have that that have to do with your balls anyway. And has something to do with your balls. So like I said, when you're tilted over like to one side like that, you do have a lot of room for a bag on the chair. It just, it just dawned on me. I think tomorrow when I come in, I'm going to look, I'm going to bring my binoculars. I think it's a boil. Is that what it is? A boil on his ass? Right. Maybe that's why he's got that badass attitude. That could be it. 9. 50s. 9. 56. Boy, this is a long show. You know, 10. 56. If you were. Let's get that clock rolling. Boy, I tell you, no response on a website today. Everything's like a prime matter of a crawl yesterday was like a big deal with these calls. And who's that on a bat line? It keeps calling again. Hello. Hello. Another facts. Maxors man. These mother facts and efforts. Huh? They really frost my ass. So that's another, it's the same thing we had on here before. And they haven't actually keep dialing the machine. The automatic thing keeps you down until they get their propaganda through, which we still don't want it. Send it to Dennis. And we'll give him something. I'll maybe it's for the church. Maybe it's a sale on Rosary Beads. Hey, my good buddy Troy was on a red channel four last night. He'll be on again tonight. And tomorrow all week long about balance for life and about how you can lose weight. The easy painless weight. There was one moment on there said, what I'm like about it most is that I don't have to to go shopping. That's right. You don't have to go shopping. You don't have to count calories. You don't have to do a damn thing. You'd say pick up your little black sack. By six o'clock in the morning. They leave it right outside you door at your house at your work wherever you hang it out. Three gourmet meals are in that sack along with two delicious snacks. And they're all based. This whole thing is based on very serious. Dr. Berry sees the zone diet. All the meals are home only balance to make sure that you get the proper balance of carbs and protein and fat. And the weight just pours off your body. And there's plenty of food in that sack. Okay, we need to keep you full to your gullet. So you're not going to be starving all day. Like I said, no counting carbs, no counting calories. No hard decision to make the only choices you make are the money send to that little menu and you pick from two choices for each meal every day that you run a program. So if you're tired of being fat like Henry Burrow, if you want to lose some weight, if you want to live a long, healthy life, pick up that phone and call balance for life because this is the delicious and intelligent way to go to losing those pounds. Vces lost over 55 and a half pounds on balance for life. Call 9-5-4-568-3229. Visit their website balance for life.com and don't forget channel 4-new 6-11 o'clock tonight. You'll see Troy and his lovely little earrings on there again too. My and local year sports video 5-60-0-8. You a yeah. And it's I am a pussy. Me, he grow. Pull him, howl is the masses he grow. Me, he grow. Pull him, howl be your right winged show. Shining the shoes of white man, Bosch. Oh, howl is the masses he grows. Spread his cheeks to his torch. Shack them, pull him, howl is the masses he grow. Stepping him, fetching that no one of his white man's ears. Howl is the masses he grow, he goes to the knees of the globalist records. Howl is the masses he grow. And of total sums of a uncle. Howl, pull him, howl is the masses he grow. Up with slain, black-same, full clip spook! The wind power is the fastest me grow. Go! Goal and pick, or limp and go limp and go limp and be a slave, me he he grow. Goal and bow, the old I would even do. 11-15-60 WQM happy Tuesday too, we've got the mad dog Jim Manichlby here. From Schulers' matter, if I could wonder day. To your clocky yod hank with the full four hours today, baby. Oh, eat that old old thing, man. But I'm kind of read between five and six. No Patrick go sur 10. This week I don't see. Then you got the Asiko Panthers' Piguus 73. Panthers at the Minnesota Violet at Clock Unipo. But a Tuskegee leg got this. And then he came to the hockey game and joined Mark overnight. Trevor Kidz sucks, make no mistake about that. In fact, you panther people, you can have them back for free. Great game, nobody penguins and Leafs last night, not unfortunately to wrong ending. And unfortunately that net up off the rear ass end. When Leafs so looked like they tied it up with the bottom end to going to game, that's the way it goes boys and girls. You can't win them all. It's one of them things. Trevor Kidz blows. Any interest in hockey and no hockey calls. Any interest in in Rikai. What do you think? Can free tickets for in Rikai? How many tickets does he want us to give away? I don't. Well, if you don't know then how do we do that? It's coming up on November 2. No, no, no, no. What do you mean? Free tickets for in Rikai. Call now. Huh? If you say that you'll give some away then he'll obviously call back and say, you got this nighty. Well, sure. Look at Moina. Where is he going to be singing on his porch? Yes. On my patio. What what was that? Did you hear that? I heard that. What the hell was that? Jesus Christ. Yeah, what was that? I mentioned in Rikai singing on my porch and all that. That must have been Dennis. Must have just had a part attack. Wow. Our professional Catholic color. Dennis, everybody's tired of your crap already. Okay. One off. He loathe with one of the priest. Okay. Pick a good one and get out of our face already. You're a real troll. And you know, as I should see, it's my fault because I haven't been taking these calls for a long time. I'm not a practice when he started out. Can we talk about anything? You always start that and you can be talking about the sniper about war where they're rack. You can be talking about the ball games and a weekend anything. And right away, he starts to get with his professional Catholic horse crap and homo essentials again. That's all he knows. That's all he freaking knows. And let me say it for the 400 time in my life. I have never met anyone who gives a crap about homosexuality. Who isn't in a closet. Never met anybody who isn't obsessed about these things. Who isn't a closet. Faggot. Faggot. That's what you are Dennis. Faggot. What's it to you? Home on one. Who gives a crap who you're dead little. Okay, as long as there are legal age, which most of you are preached by the way. Haven't figured that out yet. That's where the problem lies. Home on a hit or roll whatever. That's not where the problem lies in the bed with father or two. That's where it lies. And speaking of lie. Why am I going with you know. Free and re-cate tickets man. All you want. We're now. Are you going to be singing? I don't know. We don't know. It's sure better not be in that cow pasture up there that would be always plugging. Where I went and saw the back door boys that they all man got soaked. Got almost pneumonia up there. Up there in Palm Beach County. I wouldn't go back there if they paid me by the second. If it was going to be their naked. With Tom welling. Well. In fact, I'd probably be their sooner. They're going to be their naked in like a pouring thunderstorm. Huh? Oh, in this week by the way, tonight. See, see how we work our way to these things tied Tuesday. I knew that sooner or later I'd remind myself because your janket or mine. I mean, you know, small potatoes to him. This is important. Have you do these stuff? Well, here's an ice-fax. Look at that. And it's from Captain Sing. It's a blank page. It's a black page. Whatever you set me, Captain Sing, it didn't come out. And then a nice black page. Wasted a lot of ink though in our machine. Crazy person. Now what were you going to say? The A-A arena. Oh, and the Merc and Airlines arena. Well, that's not a really bad place. You don't want to go in that neighborhood very often. But not a bad place to go see in week and November the 2th one day of the week is that. It's Saturday, but. Well, the reason I knew that is because November 5 is my birthday in the selection day, which is always on a Tuesday. So I knew that the. Huh? Saturday November 2nd and Reak it. The Merc and Airlines arena. How many free tickets would you like, huh? And Reak it. The Gracious. He's going to be their naked. In fact, remember that thing we saw on MTV yesterday, where they were all grease. That's what we were that was. He's going to. Huh? You're going to be able to jump into a rubber tub with then Reak it and just grease it up. I bet you Dennis would like to go to that. And Reak it's Catholic, you know. I guess Dennis probably don't measure up for that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. WQ, I am. WQ, I am. They'll go. Speaking. Um, what do you prefer? Amsterdam repairs. Paris blows. Does it really? Paris sucks. Are you comparing Amsterdam to Paris? I've never been. I was about to come. Paris is a beautiful beautiful city. A lot of interesting things to see with the people there are. Oh, nasty rotten. Everything you've heard about them is true. Times 10. Don't go to Paris. What do I go to Amsterdam then? Where do you go? I mean, you're a hot pot. You see what I mean? You see what I mean again about the American. I call a famous. How do I attack to a fan? I wish I could find a good buffet. I'll let me tell you about the Indonesian Raffle House. Whatever that was, the Raffle House. With Bob Vermouth. Oh, my God. That was a place where I'm even. The roaches ran out of that place. They didn't want any part of it. Although they turned out to be a Beninjury store. Not just in fact we're sitting up there during the meal and on the one side, this is the truth. This is in the lightest plan. I'm sorry. And on across the street, there's a Beninjury store. Now, what's the store? A German, J.A.M.I.N.I. and I'm sorry. They don't pronounce the J.N. Dutch. Yaman is a candy store. There's a chain of them. And the one on the damwack in the middle of the tourist area is the Yaman's got a Beninjury section in front, where you can buy coins and stuff. Well, this Yaman just has, they don't have that. The reason being that just a half a block away, there's a Beninjury store, which that's all they sell has been in juries. And you go around the corner from there and you see there's a big Hagenus store, which I don't like Hagenus, but how do you like? And then there's this new, it's called Argentinian, a new ice cream, and it's a new gelato. So there's like, let's see, there's like four or five unbelievable ice cream places within about a block. So let me ask you to go, where would you go? Oh, man, that's the, I'm just going to Vegas for the first time. Get a life, you people, get a freaking life, okay? I'm tired of talking to no life losers, get a life, get on a plane and go someplace. Get out of here and you'll discover what I'm talking about. This is not the real world, this is the end of the universe. And if one more person comes here and asks me, oh gee, it's kind of like a joke, I still like your wallet. But the fact of the matter is, I don't want to talk about it, okay? He wasn't Toronto, he sees like as a real living and breathing thriving city, with living and breathing. Wonderful, friendly, great people. All onto the edge of a hundred. I'm tired of explaining it already, you know what I'm saying? Enough is enough, this place blows, blows. Where should I go, what should I do? He's not like God, they may all Martina when the godfather. Be a man for Christ, he's the Marlon Brando and here to slap on the side of, get Moan here to slap on the side of the head like he did to the beast that day. Alleged, I just made it up. I'm just going to play that doctor call all the rest of the show, you know? Just because I'm so disgusted with these calls. The doctor that performed the surgery on Jay Seabler's thumb. Didn't he just need the same doctor that performed the procedure on your QP? Yeah. And like you said, even though we're King, you don't have a good comeback. I don't have a ball spot, you know? Like that, say anything. Have a little light up a little bit. It's better try and always to cover it up. Pretty much to cover up the ball spot, and then you want to cover up the god damn call. I don't get it. Lighten up a little bit. People are fun and you, okay? They're having a little other dickenerality a little bit. Mo. Jesus, what a hard ass! And of course, the sports nerds, that's one thing I'll say he's got going. I don't know if there are enough of them to make a difference when a book comes up. But he's got those sports nerds, man. They got their head so far up as ass that even guilty can't get in there again. That's right. They're just all jammed up in there. Oh, he's the boys of the fans, the fish. Yeah, right. Fish this. Although fish is one of his colors. Who loves to show by the way. How you doing, fish? He's the one of his colors. It's got a sense of humor. That understands I'm giving this guy $80 billion worth of free publicity. Which he ain't never going to get from Greg Reed. I'll guarantee that. Or anybody else in this company because they're going to cheap tricks. That's what Bob Vermo said in the middle of his Indonesian buffet. And he also was pretty pissed off about the goddamn sales manager's back there and dicking around with the what's his name. Roy! Pretty upset about that. I've already told you that several times, but it always amuses me when I talk about it again. Oh, and I got a great scum story speaking of screw-in. Yeah. What about the smell? All the scum quote, mind? No, I'm serious. I have a scum story in my pile. I better get with it. You know, I'm wasting my- You people I want these stupid ass calls. That's for you, okay? Give me the raspberry. You have a guy that- like all of a sudden, I went away for seven months. I'm out of town doing a show, taking basically no call. And now they're going to have something to say? Face down what? They had nothing to say before after all 25 and a half, 26 and 26 and a half years, excuse me. And now all of a sudden they're going to have something to say? No. Maybe we don't even want to guide them free tickets and Ricky, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, sweetheart, they don't want you to take it. They don't want you to take it. They- they know you can't sing anymore. He used to be able to sing a little bit. Now he's done the smart thing. He discarded that. He's in the flesh thing now. Just take off the clothes, put on the tight white brand new t-shirt, and like, you know, throw his crachature on a lot. There's nothing in there, but throw it around a lot. Are you still on TV? Yeah. I've never been big on Christina Aguera as you know. She- Oh, she- oh, New video. No, I don't want to hear about it. She- you know, something? I'm right. I was just about to say let's get some lunch in here now. Just a piss off Troy And she may smell his my appetite for life. She's grotesque. She's skanky. She's scrawny. Hershey got a nose. She's got a needle nose. Oh, she looks like female wing gratsky is what she looks like needle nose You're crazy man. She is a scabby bitch Christina Aguilera. I'll take it. She couldn't lick Brittany's Oh, no, nobody comes close to me. But do you sure like to see it right now? Can I do the breaker? Are you gonna continue ugling about some ugly bitch? It's 11 after 11 at 5 60 WQ and we all have different lifestyles believe me. Oh, you know how that works Dennis Therefore we need different products to make us feel better and be healthier Older you men men's ringing formulas or advanced combination the pharmaceutical rate olive oil with vitamins minerals Urbals other nutrients scientifically decided to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support scientific A specific health needs look for old. You made three new formulas. There's one for sleep one for weight management Henry You know what's angry? Oh and co-insan Q 10 co-Q 10 always in the benefits of pharmaceutical rate olive oil It's an outstanding product and it's available at public set records and Walgreens If you'd like to get more information about how it works color tool free number 1 866 Olio men that's 1 866 665 366 33 You can also order only a med products online at oliomedamerica.com and if you visit nearest pubic store and by an only med product and brow today counties You can get you a coupon good for a free Larry co-car bottle head down. Oh, oh get a whole bunch of those while supplies last Don't forget to visit their sampling pavilion at sports center. Every Sunday when the dolphins are playing home games Pick up free oliomed samples and product information star-feet and the healthy right now get some oliomed and pop it in your push First off radio ever heard in my life in the W outing I'm not a baby I'm not a baby Not till they fetch your bread I'm not a baby I finally turned 18 And I'm scantily claggared Oh, honey, all you want to do is me Not a baby But I'm really hot Well, let's take a bus the cheer I used to be And there is schoolgirl dress Way above my knees For money When you think of what you do to me Remember that I Legal baby That's so fine I'll pick it up when I pay a lot of money to watch her do Tom welling or the other way around anyway tonight I started to mention I interrupted myself with some very important stuff Tides Tuesday at smallville light and speaking of doing tonight's tonight that we see the dark side of Clark Clark kids dark Not as dark as Malcolm but almost And then what they said that was the promo the dark side right and he starts these were in a black leather jacket, you know Looks almost like Tom like us Sorry, Tommy just a joke How's the peeping Tommy? Remember that call yesterday I couldn't take the character that they've been played them Tommy And Freddy Freddy was the other guy of the obnoxious we didn't see that on the anyway No, it's a fact movie What's the name of it? The touted Mr Ripley and what's his name was kid just swallowed the X to C Jude Law was in there, Jude Law He swallowed the O that's right to kid Don't you remember that story from the movie? You better follow these stories, Mr. You better keep track of this crap Mr. Good dad damn good thing that both of us have a sharp mind around with a red that hold them a marine dog column again You know you people at the Harold and a son sent and I understand that a lot of newspapers reprints are Accinucated articles from college, but when you're preprinting like two weeks later It gets a little bit stale. It's like last year's god damn hollow. Okay, it's like last pat a paisos mutsa You go you should bastards over there God that's the problem in this town too many goyum I late friend Alan Finkelson used to tell me that all the time. I thought he was exaggerating little carried away. He's right too many goyum here man As opposed to Toronto where we got plenty of Jews and chinks and Pakistan and pack their pack in it all kinds of people Fags got fags up the ass up their man We got about like say maybe 3% of the population is straight just enough to get the reproduction going Here's a fact that says I can't believe I'm sitting here in my office in the New York state Senate listening to your show and all but in the York. I love it. You ready for this? I'm a nearly from way back 81 to 91 where I live in a four-laterdale the W.I.O.D. days with the bird and the Zeta morning show When that's skank Alice Rantel was around and that blow hard Steve Kane. I have old shows on tapes till I listen to many times What I needed my meal fix now. I continue in on the internet and he writes un Love you Neil. I'll be a lot of nail thanksgiving me call call the show Don Millington. How do you like that? Hey, oh thanksgiving week You think I'm gonna be here thanksgiving. We just had Canadian thanksgiving yesterday by the way. Happy Thanksgiving. Did you know that yesterday was a Canadian thank you idea. Yeah, it was our Columbus day and was there. Thanksgiving same kind of a deal The engine saved them from starvation. I have you know what was our worst news. Yeah, I wish I would have been there But I was here so all I heard about was Christopher Columbus and we don't want to surprise our marching in a Columbus day parade Because there are a bunch of grease balls portraying a restarterio type. I'm changing the pool by the way because we don't get much of response on this And we've had let's see for yesterday and two to over five hours of calls today Don. Hey, Don, maybe you'll be able to call the show Maybe not because I don't know about this call thing. What what's your verdict? I think you nailed it yesterday two hours and seven months. That's about right. Yeah, two hours every seven months George says is about plenty anyway. Two hundred and seven votes. Do you think you're his listen right now? He better be he better be all over it is post-alunstime. I'm sure we didn't go to public's bayonet slice turkey in a at the Delhi counter See you have it on some not joking you. I threw that out good like a dare to be for a long time I lost a bottle of public's a Delhi counter with some other stuff and I saw it in the yesterday. I had seen that story over and over again about the list area And I've seen it was like turkey and chicken prawns and so I just ran right to the dumpster and tossed it out Don't even give it to the dog. Well, I sure hope that the schvarses that clean the garbage out tomorrow don't the Huh, you don't think that they go through the bags in there daily Huh, for like a little snack here in there who's bags anyway Mos he left it on the seat this morning man, and it was leaking is what muck told me little leaky Which ethnic group has been most unfairly stereotyped on TV or in the movies was our first poll that they were got another one coming Italian 51 7 or 41 Gaze 38 Blacks 36 New York is 19 Specs 14 and Jews eight Oh Jews eight Luxe and vehicles Kishki etc Anyway, here's the new pool ready. I'm ready because we want to make them feel that they have some input of the show You know like well, they don't but what do you think of the callers now? That's my pool Well, the reason I'm phrasing it that way is they had all day yesterday right and two and a half hours almost today And maybe maybe they forgot Of course every time you're on you take some calls, but then that's that's a kind of a different category I would say Huh? No, it's because there are a lot of people out there that just want to bust your ball just under dinner principle What do you think of the callers now? 4 categories which they're similar but not the same. They suck their great They make the show or they kill the show See, I don't want to put any other nuances in between like they're okay I want some definitive response here, all right Got an Eric that's it. What do you think of the callers now? They suck their great They make the show or they kill the show That's all give you live input anybody want any in reiki tickets. Oh free What do you grab or want to give away about 5,000 tickets? Oh Get some people in there to see and we get a moun and grown and rub his belly And nobody does now Does he he rubs it yeah Floor did it on I heard this morning. They not have a promo. They not only played mow and the mad dogs call it a winning field goal there by olyn de marre But they also were playing the gackies call of the mistfield goal by FSU there to I never heard Joseph Gackie gets so emotional in my life He didn't even say he crushed it. It was shocking just spell binding Otherwise, you know, way to go Joe you still suck, but you're a good guy Joseph Gackies okay nice guy means well never stole a free train. They fired his asset to iod if you're a must-dad and that plane crash Have I told that recently? Yes Has he got that new pull up there or not? So here's the skunk story screw in if you've seen a skunk or a smell one in last five years the state wants to know I haven't seen a dead skunk on the road for a while said hit me cabbage Spokesman for the floor to fish that's his name Spokesman for the floor to fish in wildlife conservation commission need to have the agencies biologists They wonder whether the skunk population is taking a plunge so they're asking the public for help The state is more sophisticated ways to count its wildlife species, but this all points bulletin for skunk Is a preliminary fact finding mission. This is a true story. This is from the A&P To find manatees, biologists fly over waterways, alligator populations are counted by mapping all of their habitat And estimating that a certain number of geaters live there black bear biologists collect fur on fences and trees and analyze its DNA birdwatchers count Something sightings. There's a word left out like I said A&P sucks. I guess it's migration sightings. It's his MIGR and so on and one Skunks are protected by state law in fact its legal to kill them year round the black and white animal about the size of a house cat is sometimes killed for a Chinese for her I never heard that did you yeah Skunk for yes novelty makes the thought of it What's a kill at skunk for? But if the members don't look good for the skunk to stay could decide to come up with ways to protect the species Skunks are found throughout Florida except for the keys according to Rick's and Brando a commission biologist based in West Palm Beach Florida's home to do different skunk species these striped skunk and the eastern spotted skunk Both species prefer watered areas. We need pastures and brushy fields and urban areas they often find refuge in brush piles wood piles and overgrown areas Striped skunks may be active day or night or most active and late afternoon through the night spotted skunks are most exclusively night creatures and sleep through daylight hours While my commission biologist Kristen Nelson is collecting the information said she's been taking some kidding for the skunk search with their stinky spray that can shoot up to 15 feet. I bet you like time whileing Huh? Well if you're going to be Superman Skunk's have an image problem, so she doubts anybody will form a save the skunk society, but Nelson isn't faced every creature has some sort of importance in the ecosystem even if we don't know what that important is she said even Rhoor has got some importance Ever see his family tree No You ought to see his hanging out up there in it Let's see here's a fact that says the callers kill every show please stop man. It goes off at 115. Well, what does that mean? They should I'm off at 115? I'd rather listen to be no one hank Then any caller please give a sticking it to gun What is this please keep sticking it to gun carrying pussy ass bag gets and more of course to okay no problem. All you gun carrying a panzy ass bag. It's whatever that said screw you So what's the deal we got to he's working on the new poll nice going Eric he's right on top of it. I knew he'd be home right around lunchtime. He doesn't go far from the house. Can you imagine? Has he got a freezer Huh, I mean in the refrigerator like you have a lot of big old fashion ones that like keep in a garage right how much he's got a couple of those? Yeah, he eats like a bird. Yeah, yeah, right unfeelable Oh, these pages are starting to come out like in see I thought you were going to get with mafia today and get him to do something instructive Like find out who can fix them with the very expensive fax machine the printer that I got back here that I paid for with my higher higher end salary I Thought you were going to do something about that. It wasn't around well get get his ass get a hold of his ass Wouldn't be the first time or I wasn't around let's see not ethnic groups gay's New Yorkers Southern and well, that's whatever Phil and Carl Springs big Lynn Samils fans. She thinks you're God by the way now. She come and buy her today very briefly. Yes I love Lynn Samils. We're going to go to lunch. That's good. So in other words when I get out of here and you've already explained why I have to leave real fast I told Brian I hope he passes along her because he's a raise going to be a real pain in the ass. Okay wait till he sees his check this week, man Gonna have to bring the goddamn out polymer telescope to see that total get one that Brian quit being a pain in the ass quit being a yenta He reminds me of people that like shut me around to show me off to this one and that one Craig Warden used to do that And our rumor does the same thing. Oh, here's the new Rogers my good friend here. Yeah, leave me alone remember that's where he's out of town. He's in Minnesota Let's see. Let me vote on this new poll. We got the new poll of boy Erics on top of it now, man. He is really smoking it 26 after 11 at 560 WQA. Matt Krishopping is a plain old waste of time. Do the smart thing for once in your life pick up your instrument and call my good close personal buddies at dollar my first That's what I do. I want every three four five years six years seventy nine whenever it is. How often do you think it is? I'd have ever paid attention three or four years every three four years your old mattress is headed It starts like not feeling too good and it smells bad. God only knows what you've been doing on there So pick up the phone to call 1-800 mattress right now and get the ultimate freedom of choice in name brand mattresses because they got the top end of business Serta and silly Simmons of King Coral nobody in the universe can match their exceptionally low everyday prices either and because they have the deepest selection brand name Actresses then don't give you the old bait and switch you always light up with exactly the mattress that you want at an unbeatable price and as far as delivery is concerned Like I always tell you it's when it's convenient for you not when they decide to show up you pick the day any day seven days We can the two are window just like Miguel said and they'll be there. It's like a miracle and also they give you that 30 day in home company guarantee So you can test it out the real way by sleeping on it and the doing all kinds of obsessive things on it pick up the phone Call them right now. There'll be there in no time and you'll be sleeping in real comfort soon call 1-800 mattress 1-800 MATT RES or check them out on the web mattress dot com 1-4-1-R-3-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-lany-1-1-1-r-lany and I have no reasons for not caring from using it. You can go to the counter and run to just to get and sign to the counter and put on the counter and build randomly?! I'm blessed those fools, dream my poor sating poorly to one, or one special boy. One but a frail and a fool play with gets late with, one, or maybe true, or three. And then he was a crazy bro. Come to the center get back and forth, love, let me be to it five, sixty W to come. See, wasted no time, it came in here, we hopped on that facts machine. He twisted it, he yanked it, and nothing happened yet, but he's working on it. Let's see, how's that pull coming, so far we got a new pull up there. What do you think of the callers now, after a day and a half of real mayhem and a meriman here, I'm going to your Roger show? They suck, 11. They make the show 11, and see, so that's a standoff. They kill the show 10 and they're great for, so you see what I'm saying? You're on balance there, it's not looking too good, probably bringing callers out there. WQAM. Yeah, I just wanted to let you know that we could fix the fact machine. Yeah. So I don't know if you want to go on our company or not. What's your company? It's later MD. Okay, hang on a second. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what Montague says. He's going on, you wait for that? He's going on. Hopefully he'll be with me. That's really good when he's hungry, but most of them don't wait for that. I'll tell you what's going on. The Chineseites have played a major role at the time ofatra vending machines ever. F screen. I'll tell you what's going on. They say it's coming off, Bang on paper. I don't know what that is. You'll do it if you say, you in, but I don't. They're really pissed off and fired up here about those Canadian marijuana laws and they're exhorting as much pressure as they possibly can. Like Maria Bart Teromo would say pressure. It's under pressure. The other way she has a sanna. It's under pressure and her eyelids start flapping around that bitch. Of course you probably like her if you like Christina. I think you're just saying that to suck up to Joe Costello. That was a really good video. She blows okay. She's ugly. She's skanky. She's nasty looking. And just because they got her all dolled up in some stupid as video doesn't mean she's lying out. She's about as hot as a guy. Then block a ice. Okay. That's how hot that bitch is. Christina Aguier freaking Lera. 54 votes under full. This is gonna be fascinating now because now see now you've got a real battle going on. Tooth and nail. You know what I'm talking about? You got the various interest because I have all these different people about a controlled show out there. You know they want to program the show. They want to manipulate it. They want to squeeze it. You got Dennis out. They want to talk about Faggot's all the time. Catholic Faggot's which I guess I'm being redundant. What do you think of the callers now Neil asked? 54 votes. They suck 18. They make the show 17. They kill the show 14 and they're great five. So let's see. Negative you're at the 70 31 and positive 23. You know what I'm saying? Now if we had some good calls which I'm still waiting for some of those maybe they might change their mind. Maybe. I got so many important columns. You're mad got a pilot's growing and growing and growing. This is a great column by Peter Walston in the Harold on Sunday. And here it is already Tuesday. It's a netty effect. I'm in Miss like a virus to the bush family. He writes it's a great column. I'll get to it eventually. It's not today tomorrow. I don't think I'm taking any calls tomorrow. Oh, come on. WQAM. WQAM. Oh yeah, let me talk to you all. No chance. WQAM. Can't please part of the charge. No. WQAM. Nobody on there. QAM. Hello. Yes sir. I love the show. I think you're absolutely at your best when you're ripping the collars. I knew bundles. I think that's when you are a one-eighth of the best. Sir, but let me say this to you. What is that what is there to rip a bottle when you're not saying anything? Nothing to say. You got to be the one. That what you want to hear is to make city every day for flowers and say that these assholes have nothing to say. We already know they have nothing to say. Exactly. If you're part of the good thing is that you really go you rarely go you screeners. You know, like some of those other shows that ask people like 20,000 questions. You mean like like the mo show where we have to be very careful that we don't that we don't frasal is very delicate ego? Exactly. Exactly. So in this catch 22 you know because what are you going to do? And let me ask you this. Do you think it was the same doctor performed on J. Feedler's thumb that did Mozwig? I think so. I think I'm too pay. I'm sorry. Okay, thank you. See this guy's not afraid to answer the question. There was no long pause. There was no big pause. You could drive us fleeting. I mean that you know city here and would be I witnessed that experience was so it was just a stroke of luck. I am not like we were uh didn't anything with great ingenuity. We just a stroke of what we fell into a bucket of crap there. But I mean when when a judge just happened a punch thing on a were sitting here and like the doctor that performed the surgery on J. Feedler's thumb. Didn't need the same doctor that performed the procedure on your Q. Yeah. Um, the doctor who performed the surgery. Let's think about that. What's his name? Klein. Now see I'm pausing it just to interject this thought at this point. You see at this point they already know they've given Robert the high sign. They're allowed to dump it. So that didn't get on the air. So they're just pausing to like try to like I don't know why he's pausing even because if he understood how the damn thing works he just goes right ahead you know. It would start by giving the numbers out. Right. It would even be my spot because they didn't hear that part. Thought I want to say. Do you feel the doctor? I don't know where you call me. Oh, Gellie is something there baby. Oh, I'm not sure where you went. Did you go to Holy Cross? I didn't read it. Not sure. Well, bottom line is it. The doctors can't tell. Oh, Jason will be out. No, you're not sure. Somewhere at least a month could be up to eight weeks. Somewhere in there. Wally on the wall with your Q amp. Hi, homo. I'm out. I'm out with your homo. No, would you have been able to keep a straight face during that thing if you'd been sitting right there? No. Well, Gellie like he there was a he blurred it a little bit. Yupp. Feetler. He doesn't even. But it lip real hard. Good. Be. He bit it real hard. Let's see. What does this say? Oh, Neil got you see the Bruins go on that I didn't see the I didn't see the Bruins game. I saw the Leafs. Pretty depressing. Trevor Kidman. Let's not start when at hockey crap. Okay. That's the sureest way to say goodbye to the audience is start with a hockey stuff. That's one thing most got to stop money even over the wrong reasons. This is not a hockey town. It's not a basketball town. It's not a horse race in town. It's a horse and buggy town is what it is. See, end of the universe. If you don't believe me, just ask me and I'll tell you. I'll be more delighted to tell you that. And that asshole, I woke me up at my doorbell 5 30 this morning. Don't do it again, sir. Okay. Don't do it again. That's my best advice to you. Man. WQAA. Hello. Yes, sir. Maybe it was up. How you doing? Pretty good. Hey. I'm I'm trying to know how much to say, but what I want to say was, Jeff, he comes to Wednesdays. When did you have become the education governor? Do you notice it commercials? And then meanwhile, I like to see and find me day to day college. Yeah. It's cream and because they don't have any money for anything. Right. Everything's been cut to the bottom. It's all window dressing, but I will say this if you notice that every two minutes is another jab bush spot. I haven't seen one billmock rides by you. Not one. I don't know who I don't know who is doing it. And for water, I'm noticing all over the place. The perfect perfect addition to his signs that put that, you know, like the circle with the line through it. Yeah. You've jumped everywhere. Excellent. I love it. Thank you. Keep it up guys. Keep it up. Man, band a bush. And let me say again, if you tune in late, then late this pool just out to yesterday. 48% for bush, 45% for MacBride. He's closing that gap. And that's a pool that's got a four and a half percent, you know, with a statistical margin for error. So MacBride might even be a little bit. And you know, it's how he did the same thing against Janet came from nowhere, passed her like her goddamn truck was in neutral. By least 10 votes. 19 till noon at 5. 16. 19 till noon? Are you kidding me? Man, it seems like I've been here 100 hours today. It's probably these great calls. Tom Layman and Hall of Pontiac GMC say no tricks just treats this year. And I'll see you in the great 0% Halloween event. It's going on right now at Hall of Pontiac. That's correct. With the proof credit from GMAC, you can get yourself 0% financing up to 60 months and all 2002 Pontiac and GMC models. And so like 2003's or take a rebate of up to 4 grand. And here's even more good news. No payments for 90 days count them. Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs while you're there. Including that great snappy new envoy voted by motor trend as SUV of the year and the all new Pontiac vibe SUV that's got the power of a great sports car. Halls also got a super selection of dependable news cars truck's SUVs and don't forget if you can't make a deal any other car dealer in town. If everybody else has turned you down, Tom Layman's here. It's the great 0% Halloween event. It's going on right now at Hall of Pontiac and you'll find them in that same sensational location they've been doing people right for 35 years plus 134.01 South Dixie Highway that's you us want across from the falls open every day seven days a week. You can call them if you like a 305-238-4040 and say happy Halloween 305-238-40 or get your ass on down there the Hall of Pontiac GMC who do be professional greatest. Oh, and then I said my little granny. Oh, oh, it's an agenda that's scratching. Oh, well, he's a teller has seen us. He's a fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellowllan happy run a winning spot as well just moved right in wow she He has a golden school he was born with nothing as so look out on you jus The cat is a dollar has a nasty nasty Oh, he'll give our table right the whammy Oh, Razzies a dollar has a nasty Full of a BLA Belly the berry, well, you do With very precious youth, who never pays his dues By the extra will of these screws She called her She called her She called her She called her Any spark with wind that rays Against buddies with K-WyGly, you think they call it Gubler, the Torio landing race He's a dollar has a nasty nasty Full of a BLA, you do K-WyGly, you do Oh, yaggy's a dollar has a nasty nasty Double best of a A Come on, let's do step Come on, let's go Come on, let's go Lung 47 at 5.60, what me worry? 97 votes on at pool What do you think of the callers now? He asked after like a day and a half of getting back to calls On the knee along your show, putting the piss and vinegar back into the show Not too much vinegar though 97 votes, they suck 40 Oh, I love this pool man I'm ready to embrace the squeeze it They suck 40 They make the show 30 They kill the show 18 And they're great eight So if you take the two negative categories that add them up It's 58 and a positive a 38 Am I right about that? It's a 58 to 38 How do you like that, eh? And 38 wasn't that the percentage yet today? The one or 38 percent? So 38 seems to be, that's probably the IQ most of the people are called to if you ask me 38 80 fraud, Dennis is going to be soft set I'd be fracked priest who played a guilty molesting all her boys Will not get an early release from the prison term, he began serving last year The Kansas parole board said yesterday that Robert Larson 72 should remain in prison Because of the serious nature in the circumstances of the crime and the objections regarding parole Larson is serving a 3 to 10 year sentence will not be eligible for parole again until September of 2004 He was retired and living in Willowbe, Ohio when the charges were brought against him I'm very pleased with how they do digital system is treated a case And Paul Schwartz, one of the four victims Larson was convicted of molesting It actually gives me some hope that the judicial system actually does work Larson spent 30 years as a priest in the Roman Catholic Dices of Wichita The offense for which he was convicted took place in the 80s while he was passed to a Saint Mary's in Newton Newton I think like I thought Newton was in mass, a Tushitz He was moved from the parish in 1988 for what Eugene Gerber than the Bishop of the Dices Agnolids were several allegations of sexual abuse He was sent to an institution in Maryland for treatment And eventually stripped of his headler in responsibilities as a priest There you go There you go He'll be cool in his heels in air for a long time Maybe he's having a good time Florida Governor Bush's daughter Nicole Muscun front her drug evictions That's what the telehassy Nazis said Governor Jim Bush says today his daughter's battle with drugs is stained his whole family But she must ultimately confront her addiction personally But I tell you he's got a really screwed up family in order Man, dysfunctional I'd like to wave a magic wand and have this devil be exercised from a reset from her life and her soul So that she can make clear decisions for herself and live an independent life in a joyful one Bush said NBC's today show but I can't she has to do it He said the family would support her but you can't enable people to have addictions They have to confront it Bush was running of course for a lesson said his daughter in a most problems have been difficult for his family It puts huge strains on families who creates a doubt amongst each other If you talk to people you know what's hard not to blame yourself Asked if he blames himself Bush said no I've stopped I've stopped I've learned how not to but it's hard It's really hard on families But you don't blame himself because he's a good guy, you know Right, it's just all the rest of the asking him ask him he'll tell you he's a good guy No, I'll Bush well we know about no, I'll do this you did that A judge will decide if she can remain in drug rehab instead of facing criminal charges Asked if he would rule out a future bid for the presidency Bush said he was as likely to become a priest Oh no, that's what he said I wouldn't rule out being a priest either Bush said it's not even under radar and for people to speculate about they don't know me We don't know him JB we hardly knew he We'd like to be the author of that book When he leaves the governor's mansion at the end of this year Statement attributed to bin Laden hails attack in Kuwait and explosion in Yemen A signed statement allegedly from Osama, you mama been laden claimed Monday that reason attacks in Yemen and Kuwait were designed to coincide With the anniversary of the war in Afghanistan and sent a clear and strong message to the world that his al-Qaeda organization is still active The statement which was thanks to Al-Jazeera network and posted on an Islamic website appeared of in written on a computer using an Arabic font that looks like handwriting Did you know there were Arabic fonts? No, now you do The signature to the bottom is similar to bin Laden's distinctive style with lupet again I sure hope the little squiggle is none of that because that would be Greg's Still there was no way to authenticate the statement bin Laden's whereabouts are unknown And president Bush said Monday we don't know whether bin Laden's live or dead and then he went the movie would like that That's always my favorite part every time the president says something at the end he kind of gives that smirk you know with Like that yeah We do know that al-Qaeda is still dangerous and why we've made good progress. There's a lot more work to do Bush said thank you for your profound observations, Mr. President Monday statement accused the US of occupying Afghanistan and planning war in Iraq in order to conquer the Muslim world that praised of Kuwait He's open fire on US Marines as brothers and arms with the 911 hijackers The heroic Kuwaiti operation proved the extent of the danger that confronts American troops wherever they go These long ago to the statement read America's getting ready for a new round of its crusade against the Islamic world this time against the Muslim Iraqi people And to completing its plan to divide the Islamic nation into it apart looting its wealth and preparing for establishing the state of greater Israel after Spelling the Palestinians a copy facts to al-Jazir on Monday was nearly identical to one posted on his Islamic website it was addressed to the Islamic nation on the one year anniversary of the beginning of the American new crusade war There you go he's still alive we think you think What you're trying nothing just my glasses. Oh nothing important Hey the only way about a half an ounce to worry about them small potatoes 125 votes on at pull another port and then See they didn't give a crap about ethnic stereotypes or ethnic sands they gave a crap about the the sands through the hourglass and what's his name? What's his name on days of our lives? He's dead. I don't know. Oh come on. He used to be on their McDonald carry you better give it It's kind of scary that you don't know McDonald carry never watch that or any other soap for that. Oh, she wouldn't know. You know Malcolm Yeah, just from you mentioned and you know Nick Right from you and then of course there was Dan Stewart. Oh, we're fine. I think had all those visions of fantasies those wet dreams about Mecha made up all that crap that never oh he's gonna be sitting right there across you man Dan Stewart you are really something baby Should have talked to Andrew Burrell about Dan Stewart. Oh, he'd had a few words choice words to say he had some and then we should have talked him about Jackie Baill's to you know It he'd really had some he'd probably started doing little us same-vite as Dancin here 125 votes. What do you think of the callers now a they suck 51 They make the show 42 they kill the show 19 and they're great 12. So let's see it's 70 to 54 I'm the regulatory side so far Here's a great column do I have time? No, I don't have time. I'll do it after the break. In fact, the noon to one. I'll get all the good stuff and In fact, in a meantime, let's take the mortis great calls to help the audience make their judgment on this. You know we don't we don't want to act them I had them act precipitously. WQAM. Yes, sir. Ray, how are you 11 years? Yeah, Ray. Yeah. 153 last time I checked too. 153.1. I cue. Yeah. You said we're all at 30. Well, what can we do for you, Ray? Why stop that so far? We go back. Yeah, and you remember it. Yeah, and you don't play it. And what do you got for us, Ray? What do you call for? Because I missed Jim. Okay. See what I'm saying now looking to promising on that one. See you Ray another 11 years. WQAM. Yes, sir. Isn't this the sniper area of the same area where those Marines got arrested for beating up their wives murdering? We're doing their wives, yeah. Right. Isn't that the same area? I mean, it's like saying is this the same area where you know Kennedy got the inaugurated, yeah. Right. Because this guy who's doing it, if it's a guy, he's too much of a problem. I mean, he must be military trained. Man, I see why do why do we do this? We got 85,000 talking heads on there and 42,000 say oh, his military or police trained and 42,000 is not. How do we we don't know who that is because speculating kills a lot. Oh, yeah, kill some good time. We don't have any idea. He's a sharpshooter. He's not a professional sniper. How the hell do they know? They bring all these experts on like you said to kill some time because they got 24 hours on the news channel. I mean, I don't know what they're talking about. If they were so smart, they'd have them already. They'd string them up on their on goddamn Dan Rather. It's 645 tonight and get a 99 sure if they were so smart. Which they're not. How are you folks? Well, look at this, four minutes still noon. That poker bro, I'm going to murder him. I'm going to sit on him like a like somebody squashes a cockroach. Four minutes still noon at 560 W to QM 135 boats that are pouring in on a pull now about your great calls man. And let me tell you this. Let me give you my own personal opinion. You're called suck. Okay, they blow they bite. I've heard better calls than my nightmares. Okay, I'd rather have that guy come to I door again at 530 tomorrow. We might doorbell and rather crook before he comes back. And put it up with his crap. Oh, yeah, we got this is Ray. It's been 11 years. Thank God. It's been 11 years. That's probably the reason I'm still on the area. But plug you idiot. This is Ray. Like, don't you know who that is? I mean, I'm going to say 1.53 something like that. That was his great point of 1.53. Hey, Ray, you suck two man. God. What a way to make a living. Oh, that Mitch Hirsch. That's the only reason I'm still sitting here. Thanks a lot again. Remember, I know you're up in Minnesota, but I'm sure Ferole passed the message along. Thanks again, remember. You all made big time. You know what do we pay some in with doctors who try to fix my ailments. I'm getting from not having any cash anymore because of Mitch Hirsch. Hey, Mitch. Cox a hoist baby. Four minutes three minutes till new men. The time is flying by. I'm a. If your carpets are we looking nasty and dank and even maybe smell and bad boy folks must be real slogs. But of course, a lot of us are slabs like me. My house certainly is no picnic. And if you've been having a picnic on the floor and you want your carpets looking just like brand new call my good pie. Zons at Drive Concepts trust me. This is one of the really fine outfits in this town. They've been business for well over 20 years. They've been doing my house for over 20 years. And once you use in the first time, you wouldn't dream of calling anybody again. If you want to find out more about them, you can go to their website at www.dryconcepts.com But better yet, take up that phone and call them and they'll come there and drag them your carpets and make them look just like brand new. It's like a miracle right on your floor. They smell them any fresh and a couple of hours there dry and you've got a big fat smile on your post. And no matter what work you have them do for you, they give you a written guaranteed price before they start to job. And they also do an unbeatable job of cleaning your furniture and draperies, spot dying fiber protection, carpet repairs and planary and rug service. The authorization and if you should have a flood in the house, complete water damage restoration too. In Broward call 950-437078-778-9507778 in data or Palm Beach call them toll free 1-800-248-5071-182-182-4807-1 It's not just a slogan, it'd be the truth, don't forget. Clean today and retain the night with dry concepts. The state Goldstein, but you can go on these tellsy. We're never on a town I listen to. Wait a minute, I am in town. It's the 12th of one hour. The 12th is moving from the left to the right on your radio and thus moving right to left. Oh, from my left, stop it. Say the 20 already. Now, if you look closely, you... 3rd down and about 5,000, you know, blue ribbon ever here. There at the line is scribed. Jake Bidler, placing both his hands of the guy's hands. I believe the name is Fibler. Bidler hands off to Ricky Nelson and then that's that. Let's cut away to a side-liner point of taking away Gully. Gully! Gully! Okay! What the hell you thought about that? I'm drinking gateray. It's like we're we do. You oughta know. How come's all in gold my ray? That's Moray? I say it's more ray. You're big stupid than the door. I don't have to take none of your crap. I'm gonna promise my girlfriend up here. Do you know who I am? You watched a bold, spoiled whole life in Poland, since you were just a kid. I had the watch that smelly green mold on your head growing out from under your wings. But yet no good I ought to sing so it's that your answer's fired. Directed totally a professional. I love it. 12.03.05.06.00 WQAM. You know why I should play one more time? The doctor that performed the surgery on Jake Bidler's thumb. Didn't need the same doctor that performed the procedure on your QP. But I guess I better not. Because otherwise we can't afford that ball at that air, you know when he just pauses and pauses. We're at the lady catch up, you know. Somebody bear a sprain at him out at the layworks. Anyway, this is a critics of Bush and Shaney, maybe two generous rights dev in Nordburg. Commondreams.com or.org, whatever it is. I don't know why I live in the same building. It's got a great website. Go long on to what right now we're else you said. So people who doesn't like you is that what you said? Well he's an asshole. We know that. I don't shouldn't get you in trouble. She's not really here Pete. She's not ready here because he's obviously listening right now. He's probably underfoot over the jiffy loop placed to her. Let's get broke back on here. What do you say folks? Critics of Bush and Shaney may be two generous. A growing number of critics accused of Bush administration have been setting war against Iraq. To divert attention from our crumbly economy, corporate corruption and Bush's attacks on environmental protections against their personal freedoms. After all, we call several other brutal dictatorships are allies including Saudi Arabia, Uzbekistan and Pakistan, so is Bush's alternative topple. Perhaps the critics are too generous to suspect merely political gamesmanship or setting a score for dead for the allies. Nettemies that Mr. Bush and Mr. Cheney choose are exactly those of the oil industry they still serve. Iraq crossed Western oil corporations 30 years ago and the oil executives have long memories. In 1972, Saddam Hussein and his bath party nationalized the oil holdings of the Iraq petroleum company, which actually was owned by a group of Western oil companies, including world Dutch and American and French firms. The US and Britain launched an embargo of Iraq and an attempt to persuade Hussein to be privatized oil, attacked if that succeeded for the US when an embargo to ran in retaliation for nationalizing its oil industry in 1951. In that case, the economic squeeze was topped off with the CIA-assisted coup and regime change which instituted the Shah's the new leader in 53, obediently the Shah-Gridal-Ebrish and American oil companies take over oil production again. When the US instigated an embargo against Iraq who simply found a new customer, the Soviet Union. Good timing also have to rack it away with the nationalization after a year after a recognized oil, the 11 members of the organization of petroleum exporting countries, OPEC agreed to price and solidarity in forced oil importing countries to pay dramatically more for oil. The OPEC cartel gained the upper hand negotiating with Western oil companies and insulated Iraq for economic attack. Near the time of Iraq's oil nationalization, who say made a piece off of the dissident Kurds in Iraq who were warring against his regime. The Kurds were about to accept his offer, but President Nixon offered them $16 million in weapons as an incentive to keep fighting and they did with additional help from the Shah-Varan. During the subsequent Iran Iraq war US officials facilitated the arm sales tour rack, while Israel sold their arms to Iran, not so much to support who say but to perpetuate the bloody war and out of Antipathy toward Iran's Isolachomani, who overthrew our hand-picked dictator, the Shah. After Iraq warmed at devastating war, who said, continued to pursue a dependent economic development rather than letting transnational corporations reap benefit from his country's resources. He worked to form the Arab corporation council to join Iraq with Jordan Egypt and Yemen in a regional trading block. Not surprisingly, the Gulf War of 91 was welcomed by President Bush Sr. as an excuse to bring down Hussein. Just eight days before Iraq invaded Kuwait, US ambassador April Glassby told Usand that the administration had no opinion regarding Iraq's border dispute with Kuwait, US intelligence learned of the invasion plan several days in advance, but no deterrence was attempted. Although we didn't know that Bush Sr. deliberately baited Iraq's skeptics should consider that President Carter Secretary of State's big number of regime's key publicly bragged that US funded the Mujahideen of Afghanistan six months before the Soviet Union invaded 1979, and attempted to provoke the Soviets into an unwindable war. Western oil companies still end to repossess Iraq's oil and they need who's saying we move to do it. So it turns the surprises that Bush's war drums haven't missed a beat even after who's saying conceited the return of U.S. weapons inspectors in September. Mr. Bush seems to continue our tendency to basalize his less on a nation's degree of democracy, peacefulness, or freedom than whether they're open markets to transnational corporations. Thus trying to get friendly relations, while Cuba gets sanctions and erect gets threats of annihilation. It's a serious decision to send our soldiers toward defend our national security. Permission to Bush to send them into battle to serve corporate oil interest would be 10 about two treason. Right, so David Nordberg writes for reclaimedemocracy.org and on-private organization working to be stores in the 30 of our corporations. Morey down, right? Am I going to have time for this before the break? I guess not. Like I said, you got to let when and not. It's an unlucky interrupting. I don't like read us interrupt us. 160 seven votes on a pool they're pouring in, maybe about you, Colorsman, and look at the calls on a poor now. Are they pouring in or what? They're pouring in, not. Let's get Neil the big for some calls again. What do you say, huh? Let's get him on his back legs like a little puppy dog, when his legs up in the air, banged for a bone. I got a bone for you. 167 votes. What do you think of the Colors now? They suck 69. They make the show 57. They kill the show 24 and they're great 16. So let's see 69 and 24 is 93 and the 93 to 73 on the negative. So it's so far. What do you think? Maybe we should give another day or two. What do you think? No. Come on. Another caller two. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T line. WQAM. Hey, how are you doing? How's Canada? Canada's great. This place sucks. Oh, I know. Have you been to a popular harness lately? Maybe tomorrow. Why don't you go back to Canada to bash the... Yeah. Let me just tell you it's a stick of direct. Oh, I was... I was calling there. And all of our dirty old people. But my friend has a horse and it's a good horse. So if you see it, it's called midnight rammen. Yeah. He's one of his last race and it's a great horse. So if you see it, bet on it. Thanks for ripping my friends at Pompat O Park. And have a great day. How you like that? The Kishka lady ripping my good disponse. And I just do a spot for Pompat O Park a little while ago? Yeah. Yes, I did. That's okay. They got a good sense of humor over there. It's been a nice being with him for 25 years. 9 minutes after noon at 560 WQAM. That's another reason it's good to have the colors on it. I like to get yesterday. Balance for life sucks. And all these great people out there. Probably Pete Bulger's boyfriend calling the yesterday. You think he's doing brc Daniels? You think that's possible? Huh? Resetted different ball-awaks. Anybody know that story about broken or ball-awaks? Yeah. He's got, well maybe show wind up on waxy because he has a waxy bill. That's what Henry said. Oh, little Henry Burrell. We try to get Mikey's job. He did get Mikey's job there for about five minutes. Wasn't that right after we first came here to this god for second, Craphold of a station in that right after the beginning? Oh, man. I can floor. In fact down there, I'd beg for calls all I never get any. That was the best part. Remember those days when we were doing the whammy thing? Yeah. And they were like taping the begging for calls. That was it made for a very similar way. That night. With no audio. Hey, how was that wammy? Yeah, I was like that. It was really great. Going home and not being able to hear the audio. And watching all that distorted crap. I was going Air Boys. What the was that guy's now? A very diller. Yeah, she wasn't charged with that. Ten minutes past noon at five, 60 WQM. Does this sound like you overworked underpaid stuck in some crappy dead end job under appreciated? We treated like garbage. Do you know yourself? A humongous favor. Pick up the phone or call our good pizons at fast train toll free. One, eight, six, fast train because the demand for certified computer professionals has never been bigger and greater and better than is right now. And fast train can up your chief of brand new career in his little four months. Fast train is offload as largest certified Microsoft training center with locations in pepper pines for Lodered ill candle in Miami. Fast train offers convenient day evening weekend classes too. They got a full time job placement department with over 30 experience. So they'll get you started the right way. If your overworked underpaid under appreciated stuck in a really crappy dead end job working for a real major asshole. Don't wait one more minute. Pick up the phone and call our friends at fast train toll free. There's no obligation. Call one eight six, fast train. Think about it. And just for short months. You can be on your way to becoming a high paid computer professional and a career with great earning potential. Take my advice and pick up the phone and call fast train eight six, fast train. That's eight six, fast train or check them out of the web if you like. Like I. W. W. W. D. Fast train dot com. How it dated? Hello. Hello Tony. This is my little beer. Oh yes. How are you beer? I'm fine. Splendid. I feel more likely woman. No. What can I do for your beer? I want you to know why I'm not an hero red dragon film. Mommy. I saw a new film. There's no interput the notion in the basket. You're killed in the lamest film. So I play a much better cycle killer than I currently. Oh, you mean it not. When I got said, mommy, he looks good for his age. Yeah. I can't even have that stuff. Now I have to work with Tony show. Yeah. That's why I'm quiet today. I'm afraid it's much too late now. Oh, no. That's cruise up all my plans. It just wouldn't work. How about a Tony? Yeah. For a time shake. Can't do it, Bill. Don't worry. I always like your pet. Which only the notion in the basket. Well, it was good healing from you all. The notion in the basket. I have to go now. That might be a big tech show type between my life. That's too short. Yeah, by the way. See you around, Bill. It works the lotion in the basket. 116 at 5.60 WKOM. Dredge report. Just what I always wanted. Somebody just facts to me. Harald Rivera has a neck for getting the bottom of a story. The larger the life box news reporter swooped into Fredericksburg and spent the week in the Found reports following Friday's stack for shooting at the 4 mile 4.0. Don't you think that maybe he wants, uh, he's like suicidal or something? Remember, as soon as we started attacking Afghanistan, he rushed over there. He couldn't get their fast enough right. Yeah. And now he's rushing up there to Fredericksburg. He arrived at the scene. They Friday's strutting around in a black leather jacket in blue jeans. By 6pm on the day of the shooting, Rivera was autobiography in the seats of Fredericksburg. Who does waitresses? Skiing pee or insure. It's while the women were in them. The not that he wouldn't be explored as a situation. Did you understand that any more than Jesse Jackson might? The hudders. In fact, maybe that's what he is. Maybe he's a white Jesse Jackson. Is what he's become. All the way has a better mustache. You know, so Jesse's like a off like on why he just can't get it straightened out. The hudders restaurant is located only about 50 yards away from the crime scene. He was posing for pictures with hudders girls and signing their rear ends. Said Jeff Leach, a Caroline County resident who was at the restaurant late Friday afternoon. I thought it was pretty tasteless considering that while George would know if was tastier or not. That's his specialty, kiss and rear end or lick and lick and ass. I thought it was pretty tasteless considering the timing and proximity to the scene of the killing lead said it was a circus atmosphere. All her all that wouldn't do that would be. A spokesman for the Fox News channel in the York said the hudders autograph session was only part of a wider river autographs free that was perfectly harmless. He was all over the place at FNC spokesman Robert Zimmerman. He was giving autographs at the Waffle House next to the gas station. He was giving autographs to Spotslevania sheriff deputies. He was giving autographs to truck drivers. Maybe even even a given autograph to the moose man, huh? To chief moose? Maybe you'll see them together. The two of them. I mean, you know, when you got a community that big that's got an illiterate police team. And you're wondering why we can't find the son of a bitch? Oh, look at his PO box. I happened to make it in dollar. Where we already know all this stuff that he put in the same crap up. Where we got him yet? No. No. I'll tell you one thing. That would be a great pull for tomorrow. Who do you think will find first? The sniper or Osama bin Laden? In fact, you know something? Maybe it's him. Maybe it's him. And even if he still looks like he doesn't a picture, they still couldn't find him. I could be wrong about that. I hope I'm wrong, but I just don't feel too confident about the work job they're doing. Referred to Clyde and talked directly to a report of a related comment through his Zimmerman. He said he was honoring the request of his enduring fans. Zimmerman said, oh, brother. Asked if that was inappropriate under circumstances. Zimmerman said, that's personal opinion. I wasn't there. I don't know. People are getting shot murdered in a ralosign and hudders wait for his asses. How do you like that? And that would be great too. Zimmerman also said, we're very wasn't really covering a murder story, but a story on the sniper. Management of the Fredericksburg hudders declared a comment on his actions there. But one of the waitresses involved confirmed that it tails. She confirmed the tails. Hudders has got a corporate policy for getting waitresses from being quoted in the media. But one said, I got his autograph. I don't like him, but I got it for my mother. Oh, yeah. Just like Lee J. Cobb got it for his daughter. I remember that. I lied. It was for me. Man. To wait for his son all work in no play would make a ralos a big bore. That's his job. She said, glancing to her the crime scene. He asked to have fun in his personal life. That's why they probably went out in the back and she banged his brains out. Or the other way around. What do you think? Morey doubt rights. Texas on the Tigris. Now that I already do this, I'm sure I did not. We'll start it out. We'll see. I didn't do it. It's for me yesterday's New York Times. No, yesterday I wasted all this time. But he's stupid as phone calls. How is that pull coming on your great calls by the way? Let's take one on nine. WQAM. Hello Neil. Yes. This is your chronic in games. But I move. Oh, go away. Man. No, no seriously. You know who that is? That's that imbosal. That's a moron who has nothing to say. See, this is another problem with your calls. Is that none of you haven't even to say? When you're sitting in a house, you pick up the phone and you dial somebody's number when you have nothing to say? No. These are people who are desperate are striving for some contact with the outside world. Praying that somebody will pat them on a head and say, you're okay. You're alive. You're at least we think so. You're breathing. That's what they're looking for. It's not just that they have no life. It's that they have no contact. Man. And who the hell would want to talk to these people anyway when you come right down to it? I'd rather talk to PD Lenny than talk to them. I'd rather be dead than talk to. Don't ever call me at home again. You maniac. You drug addicted asshole. Didn't it great that we got Steve M's sister on a phone today? And she still didn't. Didn't want to tell me anything. She didn't give you the number? No. They got the good stuff there, man. They got the good crap. You name it, they got it. Okay. I'm telling you they're growing it right in the backyard right there in David. And Jeff, he'll tell you. WQAM. Yes sir. Why are you whispering? Because I'm a work. No, because you're chronic. WQAM. Yeah, I like to talk to you. Speaking. I'm just not your long thing to talk to. I'm Howard Davis, Park College. And I'm just a test. I'm just not your lead to talk. It's definitely not your back. And he's right. He has a perfect answer. Okay. Thank you, Doc. Oh. Howard Davis, Park College is the case. You couldn't hear what he said. He's an asshole. Something like that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump by 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. It puts an armion in the bars. WQAM. Yes sir. An effort to contribute. I came up with something to sort of a stretch. If, uh, you're stretching. You're stretching? Yeah, that too. If ethnic sands mother has married Lynn Bias's father, do you think they'd name their child ethnic bias? Excellent. Thank you. And have a great day. And he worked on it a long time. Ethnic sands man. So you're not supposed to say that. You're supposed to overlook it because you're supposed to be a dumb sports nerd. And for me. Anybody out there named Anthony? Huh? How about the, uh, spik singered at Mark Amphony, isn't that his name? Yeah. And for me. You're talking about illiterate parents making illiterate babies. And we wonder what we got this race problem in this country, huh? Because you people out there are satisfied. They have a lot of illiterate dumb schwarzys out there running around on loose, which is dangerously. This is not good. This is not good at all. Have it a boom box on one shoulder and a big chip and at Goddamn Gundone help either. Schwarzys. No more guns for schwarzys. That's number one. And definitely for red next number two. Right. But the crazy people. They're okay. Crazy people. We learned on 60 minutes on the night. That's okay. No problem at all. You want to gun? Yeah. But wait. Yeah. But wait a second. No chance. You got to immediately. They don't even have to fill a thing out. They don't have to wait. No waiting for crazy people. Anyway. Moreen down. I got to get to the, this is too good. She said, Washington, this has always been a place where people say the opposite of what they mean. They wanted to let the president use force and Iraq because she didn't want the president to use force and Iraq. Giving Mr. Bush by partisan support, she said, would make his success at you and more likely and therefore wore less likely. The White House fainting in prison negotiation with while planning for annexation without representation. The Democrats were desperate to put the war behind them so they put the war in front of them. They didn't want to see weeks that they made the president stronger, which makes them weaker. Mr. Bush said he needed congressional support to win at the UN, but he wants to fail at the UN so he can install his own MacArthur as vice-war ever rack. Poor Tommy Franks may finally have to leave Tampa. Mr. Bush says he's in a rush to go to war with Iraq because it's so strong, but he's in a rush to go to war with Iraq because it's so weak. In a Cincinnati speech he warned of a menacing Iraqi drone that could fly across the ocean and spray germs or chemicals on us, but Pentagon experts say the drone couldn't make the trip and we would have to be disassembled, shipped over sneaked in and reassembled. Mr. Bush said he wanted an independent 9-11 commission to investigate more broadly, but one wrong with the government before 9-11. But now he's trying to kill a panel because he already knows just about everything what we're wrong before 9-11. He doesn't want us to know. Does he know that we already know? The president's father lamented in his diary in 1991 that his Persian Gulf war didn't have a clean end because there was no battleship Missouri surrender. Now the sun wants to skip the surrender and turn back then and he used an east putting a branch of the petroleum club at the intersection of the Tigris and the U.F. And he was in the front of the British authorities. Tom D'Achold, I and Fines then other doubters came around Thursday to the view that Iraq is an urgent threat after the CIA director George Tenons and Congressman M. M. M. on Monday stating that Iraq is not an urgent threat. Mr. Tenod, a Clinton holdover's desperate to please Mr. Bush, senators joke that if he gives the president intelligence briefings while polishing Mr. Bush's shoes. So the CIA chief was embarrassed to find himself in situating that W. is hyping his war. The CIA is talking gun to show that Mr. Bush has no smoking gun. The usually silent tops, book was radically calling reporters on Tuesday night to insist there is no daylight between him and the president on Iraq. The top spoke, I thought she was talking about the... No, not kind of Lisa. Let's see, Mr. Tenons has sent him as unlikely to initiate a chemical or biological attack against us unless we attack him. And Mr. Bush has sent him as likely to initiate a chemical or biological attack so he must attack him. The CIA says that the CIA's son will use his nasty weapons against us only if he thinks he has nothing to lose so the White House leaks its plan about the occupation of Iraq leaving side of nothing to lose. The president says Iraq is linked to his long-term interests so we must attack while the CIA says that Iraq will link up with the Islamic terrorist only if we attack. Mr. Bush says that war in Iraq will help us win a war in terrorism but somebody forgot to tell the Osama Lieutenant, and the MNALs are a hearing that says the war on Iraq justifies more than terrorist attacks. Mr. Zawaiir is taking messages inside of the Al-Qaeda warriors to new attacks while we're preoccupied with our post occupation. When asked if Iraq in 2003 would like to pan in 1945, every flyer the Minister of Information said no, it would look like Afghanistan in 2002. But Afghanistan is not even more dangerous than the suburbs of Washington. We've lost interest in Afghanistan because we're too busy trying to turn Iraq into Japan. The Nobel Committee gave Jimmy Carter the peace price as the way of going to the War Booby price. Still George Bush declared the fucking war executive and dictated the inept caliber chairman will finally get their gusher. One day the president was shooting a dictator being rude an up from the ground came a bubblin crude oil that is black gold Baghdad T. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha I should have sang that last part. We'll go back? No. 26 after a noon at 5.60. And you can ask more in doubt in, uh, let's see what the in Sunday's New York Times. It will probably show up in the Sun Sentinel in about a week. Can you believe that seriously? I mean, it's one thing to take syndicated calmness and put him in. I've seen a day maybe two days later, but to put him in like a week later. Hey, guess what, President Lincoln's got a bad headache. You ask holes up there to Sun Sentinel. Man, are they pathetic? That's right. I forgot we had some important volume. You know something, are we blessed? Are we blessed here that we had those two big wins on the Saturday and Sunday? I've been talking to people all over the country and you know something I told them. And they all agreed with me. You people that they're a blessed. You know, with Ali on and the hanging chads and all those old people where they're hanging, every they got hanging, you know, they're hanging bags or sun kissed and ball blessed. Yeah. By the way, Lynn, we apologize for the aroma of most bag when you walk by that studio. 27 past noon at 5.60. WCU-A and we know there's never been a better drive to buy a new home or refinance. You're existing home. How about this? How about a rate of 3.95%. That's right. Financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95%. Are you got to do this pickup the phone and call him get the information how this be working? Call 1-800-940-LEND. That's 1-800-940-563. The money you're going to save is unbelievable. Think about it. You get yourself a $100,000 loan for only $450 bucks a month. Or get you $200,000 loan for only $950. The process is simple and you'll save yourself thousands of dollars each year. Pick up the phone and call our Pizons Financial Group at 1-800-940-LEND. And they'll explain it to you. There's never been a better time to get yourself a low interest rates or a confidential group and you'll really be on your way to big savings. Financial Group is an equal housing lender. Critter restrictions do apply and rates a subject change if you wait too long. So column 2-day 1-800-940-LEND. And D. That's 1-800-940-53-63. My and local, we are sports radio 560-U.A.M. First, first, come back! With some crack in her shoe and some X-Men's. She's the right-skinned governor's daughter who resembles after birth. She knows that dad is the girl. So if she breaks the law, well that's tough. Hey, honey, you're goddamn business. So just keep your big mouth shut. When it comes to family values, a prime example for all of you. Great nothing like the morals of the good bush man. Please, oh, it's a crack in her shoe. No other foot powder will do. It takes your feet plummeting the land and it's all day. Come on, you bitch, bitch! Hey, you bitch! Hey, you bitch! Hey, you bitch! Hey, you bitch! Hey, you bitch! Well, pretty what? At 560-WDQM-211 votes on at pole already man. This one is taken off. What do you think of the callers now? After nearly two days of this insanity of this madness, returning to the show, they suck 90. 66 people say they make the show. 33 said they killed a show in their great 21. So we had the 90 and the 133 to 87. Early close, they just can't decide. They're on offense. Got some bad news. One of our soft-floor legends has died. Did you die? Yes. The outspoken and unabashed liberal radio talker whose career span nearly five decades died Friday. October learned. Well, this is two of the already. This must be from the Sun Sentinel, because they're a little slow and getting the news. Died Friday and Miami following complications into a massive heart attack, a court-ocorned, the Harold. Probably took him the four days to get out of the bottom of the bird cage. After leaving his first radio job at WP18, New York City, I thought WP18 was in Patterson, New Jersey. Isn't it? Yeah. That's what the PATB stand in Farway, Sydney, York Market. Well, what do they know? It's in the Harold. Guys, we've moved to South Florida in the late 50s. He went on to host programs on Miami's WAAHR, WYNZ, WMBM, and Waxi. See, look at this. Did I talk about Brook Daniels? Had Waxi build up and here we are again. I'll tell you. Long time friend and former coworker, WAHR, C.N.s Larry King. Told a paper, Sam was an original free thing. I wonder, Sam ever loaned Larry any money? Don't be stressed about us. He was a gutsy broadcasters have ever been around. He said, guys, I survived by his wife and two children. I will say this, I never met Sam, but he was the only broadcaster who did a TV show with no teeth. No, sir, I think there was at one time he couldn't afford false teeth. And he did this, uh, the dog racing results with the Tom Jick. I don't remember that. I was only about 100 years ago. And he used to do on Channel 51, one of one of those marginal TV stations. The dog racing show and they play the tapes of the dogs. There goes the bunny there. Here comes the bunny, there goes your money, stuff like that. And he would do it. Okay, he would gum the results. Yeah, he was, uh, because either he couldn't afford a T3, he used to forget to put him into where like, in the glass of polo that and the other room was through the or something. I don't know. Tom Jick, I can verify that. This is the only matter of where he did. And I shouldn't say that, not that he died. Did I? But I guess it'll make any difference. He was 89. That's not a bad. That's a rifle, age huh? Teenager by South Florida standards, but nevertheless. You don't remember St. Gyson? No. You don't remember me ever talking about him? Maybe. Lewis and plantation, remember him? Now, Lewis that said that corn sure is special. Earlier you stated, Paul showed Governor Bush your head. How can people vote for that? And actually, the question of Lewis, how can anybody be that retarded? Maybe they just don't like dykes. Maybe that's what it's all about. Maybe they like that comedy made with a quotes around the thing about the juicy details he had about those bull dikes. What has he done other than breaks campaign promises for the last four years? Our education system ranks almost last among states. And the DCF is in disarraying. He's giving tax breaks to businesses. And the rich he squatted a huge surplus. The only thing he's done is to help get his brother-little elected or selected president. Lucky us is Lewis and plantation. And Lewis, you are. That's so lovely correct. You're thumb right on Lewis. Now, let's see, I did them all in down, right? Yes. I think we should take some more of these good calls to help the audience. Huh? Hey, might as well get out of the way today. Because I don't think I'm going to be experimenting this again for a while. I could be wrong about that. But I think instead of that, I'm going to read this. Peter Walson, date line flowed a commentary in Sunday's hero. Juneteenth, he fact he asked amendments like a virus to Bush family. It was clear long before we heard about Governor Jeff Devdivius plans that the Bush family doesn't take kindly to constitutional amendments. Or maybe it's more accurate the other way around. Amendments are not kind of the bushes. The rocky relationship dates back to 1964 when a youthful George H.W. Bush answered the call of Texas Republican Hunches for a fresh phase to run for the U.S. Senate. That same year, the Alpha Conservative John Bertseside, who was pushing a series of initiatives dubbed the Liberty Amendment aimed at ending U.S. membership in the U.N., eliminating the income tax and shutting down the federal reserve. Poppy worked hard to overcome an image as a Connecticut Yankee carpetvager on his way to securing the GOP nomination in the field of far more conservative contenders, but the amendments haunted the Republican nominee. In his political masterpiece, what it takes, author Richard Ben Kramer describes a question or at one spring 64 campaign gathering, a good old boy Kramer wrote wanted to know what Bush's out of the amendments. Poor Bush was helpless. He turned a barber the eastern may turn visit or needle pulling on stage. No help there. So Bush said he hadn't had time yet to study those important amendments, but he certainly would. The answer were like there, I've stuck with Bush through the gentleman election, and the amendments were credited in part for his landslide loss. The amendment backers went solably for Burry Goldwater in the presidential race that year, but didn't vote on the Senate contest 30 years later, was Jeb's turn. He was challenging the Democratic incumbent Florida Governor Lawton Childs, who was popular and entrenched with vulnerable or well-heeled national political machine. But too hotly debated the constitutional amendments completed the complicated race, one to legalize casino gambling, the other to ban certain types of commercial fishing that's common among Pan-Dahandel fishermen. To the sun's credit, he knew what the amendments were created to do, but he was doomed nevertheless. The casino gambling forces pro and confocus much of their campaign on black churches and neighborhoods. The antis preached the potential blight to the community and assault on morality. The pros said casinos would bring jobs. Unfortunately for Bush who told a questioner and one debate that year that he would do probably nothing to help blacks in particular, the casino campaign paid led to unusually high black turnout, and no matter which way they voted on gambling, most agreed to vote no on Bush. On the net ban, Bush sided with the Savar Sea Live Committee that argued the net jeopardized Florida's waters, trials smartly refused to take a stand. The result voters in coastal Panhandle communities that would ordinarily aback Bush, either voted for Charles or took a pass in the race. Bush lost the election by just 2 percentage points. So it must be faith that brings now Governor George Bush to 2002, another bout with another amendment that Democrats think will lead to his electoral demise. This proposal, amendment 9, would cap class sizes in the public schools. Bush's once again taken a risky stand, he opposes the amendment, despite polls showing it has enormous popularity in the state where public schools have long suffered inadequacies. Only this time he's not leaving anything up to faith, drafting his closest political clear-off announced to raise money in mounting a campaign, painting the amendment as too costly. The amendment's political value was unending for Democrats, and amendment amendments rattling the Governor's reelection campaign. All the militia Bush would re-election, the amendment would force a huge tax increase that would open the Governor's criticism that he mismanaged the state. That charge would haunt brother George W.S. Hope's the winning Florida in his 2004 reelection bid and taint Jeff's own future presidential aspiration. Oh, Paris the Thought. Bush handed the Democrats a gift when he was caught on tape, referring to our castred reader with devious plans for undercutting the amendment if it passes, but you can hardly blame the guy. It's in his jeans. Right, Peter Walston, the Harold's capital chief hero. It's in his jeans, baby. That's what Catherine Harris said. She said she seen it and it was in his jeans, and it wasn't much. That's what she said. That bitch. 22 till 1 at 5.60. W.Cumagot the mad dog Jim Manich from Shulis Day 2. They probably haven't a party in their pants over there because you know, something were blessed in this community. They have two great football teams were blessed. We don't want to be anything else. We got a bunch of old people. We got a bunch of people who just came off the banana boat. We got a bunch of Yahoo's with guns. But other than that were blessed because we got full ball. Baby, what more to help, could you want, right? Right. So I need. 221 votes. What do you think of the colors now, huh? What do you think of them? They suck 95. They make the show 67. They kill the show 35. They're great 23. 95 and 35 is 130. 67 and 23 is the 90. 130. 90. The anti's are pulling away. You notice they're pulling away. In fact, the more calls I take, the more it's like driving a stake in their coffin. Look, there's some other now. Some one calls. Yeah. And. Well, they just want to screen them. You want to screen them. You want to. You can hear the guys. You can hear that a few times, huh? Don't forgive me. No directions on here. Mr. This ain't the guy they wanted. And Howard Mohourjo. I wasn't giving directions. That was just mentioning. I already seen it. Maybe he's sick to my stomach. Maybe you want to leave here at one o'clock. Let me take it right now. Place you'll never want to leave. And that's Brandy shoes because they treat you. So great. You want to be in their shopping around and sticking your foot in this and sticking your foot in that and walking out with a great comfortable feeling on your feet. They got the top names on the shoe business. Rockports, SAS, Spirits, Timberland, Naturalizer and lots more. And whether humongous selection you can just about vectorages life. They always have the one you're looking for in stock in your size. And of course, you can't beat their service. Your selection, but most importantly, they're every day on beatable low prices. All this wicked Brandy's rock ports, which are some of the greatest shoes in the world. Rockports on sale men's boat shoes only 4490 and men's pro walkers only 4990. That's only at Brandy's in pop at open daily 9-9 Sundays 10-5 and you'll be finding them. At 12-90 North Federal Highway and prestigious, Pompeo Beach. Rockman, my wife, and local. This is Sports Radio 5-60. Way to way, man. One more time, everyone comes. On Newly's, the country's the Gibran movie. With your fucking yellow teeth so far apart. Look. What do you be doing? If the omeasure's, blackhead, broken shmons a stall. Jesus Christ. Is your day, because you are at home? You leave me from. Is your blackhead and your memory? Get me the smart stars, They act and you shout their shoes come to the floor Oh the way you wash them, our clothes is caused George Jr. said he trust you, but the need you Who fell out of the green or a wall But then he make you lean on the white house bathroom The pussy's dirt toilet and then scrub the floor They tell you, don't wear sandals, cause the leafs Your clothes don't help make them all rich and beautiful Your napkin legas, look you slide, get me velcro If you'll be what you feel, that's what you do When they while you be fickened, that's gay, you may be alive That's a dream and you just make your ester home That's when your head will move from touch to touch Come to the low, into bush and from here, they be crack or asshole I'm sorry, it's never last night's cup of an apple I have no life Come 45 at 5.60 WQM, let's take some more of these great calls You might have a couple, 5.67, this could be your last 15 minutes of calls For a long time I need to show, I could be wrong about that But the way to pull is going, it's not looking too favorable 5.60, 5.60, pound 5.60 on the AT&T line WQM Hold Give me bags like bounce for life don't work I beg your pardon, that's four from him today Oh, that's your buddy again Fatass WQM Hey, what's up, Tim? Yes sir What's going on? Look what he do for you Oh he's got his fingerprint, okay he's got his fingerprint Is back back down I'll get it out, let us know WQM QM I'll be cold WQM Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh You're kidding WQM Neil Yes sir We still love you I don't feel crappy, you put on call or no I was still listening to you We still stuck up to you And we love the mad dogs Yeah That's right. Thank you. Thank you. The was is so good. Hearing counsel everyday do a part of theirождения duties. they do have any press conferences they might have by now. And isn't there some way that's sweet, trucks are registered that they could just be getting checking off fleet or commercial vehicles? Could be computers, you know, rather than the computers. Well, you know, like the data. Do you think that she must be checking the computers? I don't think she must be looking at computers. Yeah, and then they tell people that they're going to bought their life. And then they have them go out and they, you know, go to the home You think he's checking out www.littlesambo.com. I don't think so. Okay, your hired sweetheart. I want to say get up there because you don't want to be there, believe me. Yeah, I saw that there. Oh, God forbid, have a great day. You too. They're not going to. Yeah, how much checking on computers? I don't know, maybe they don't have those up there yet. Maybe the CIA confiscated all of them. W to Q a n. Q a n? Me, all I do. Okay. You read newsweek? Yes. Last week, I was looking through it. There was an article about a guy pushed nominated to the FDA advisory committee. Right. And his total qualifications are just like a kind of college. I'm talking about that in length on the show, right? Oh, I missed it. I mean, you know, what are we becoming? A theocracy here? Yes, yes. I mean, it's a job. Don't you understand your faith-based charities that's code for right-wing lunatic glam? That's what that means. I thought it was faith-based government. Right, well, now it is. You know, you're going to, you know, cure everything with prayer. If you just get on the road with Jerry Falwell and follow he's going to Armageddon will be everything will be okay. Now, we'll maybe they can do something about the economy, too. You know, it's pray for the economy. Yeah, but once we blow up the road, we're going to need to worry about that for. That's true. I was reading where there's enough oil and Iraq more than the spot he's got. Yeah, I hit that on too. Listen to the show a little bit more, so you'd learn something. How do you like that? See, I could say to him all that reading. It's a good point when you're saying, but I did not have that on yesterday. We're at a lengthy piece about that. Because that's what it's all about. OIL and M.O.NY and VOTES. Those are the only three things that this whole thing is all about. M.O.NY and O.Y.L and VOTES. Got it on the ceremony that order? That's what it's all about. And you'll notice now that we're scratching the hornets. That's the thing in Valley over the weekend and now the thing in Kuwait. There, it's only starting now. Really rattling our spirits and getting them going now. Just wait, just wait till we attack and believe me, we will. Not a question of if it's just a question of when. Nobody QAM. There's something else. Yes sir. We're the thing that we should give that David M.O. Howard guy a little credit. Because it gave me two easy wake up in the morning and do a sports talk show with a dead cat on your head. Oh, oh, no, is he picking on M.O? Yeah, good. Good if anybody deserves it. Oh, here's the for on you sport holes on there. Denver Bronco strong safety. Ken Oye Kennedy. Ken Oye? Is that like he, boy? I don't know. Ken Oye. I don't know these sports in games. Ken Oye Kennedy will be suspended for one game for his helmet helmet head. I'm Miami receiver Chris Jambor team spokesman. I said today. What's his name, Jick Sacramento. Sacramento said Kennedy will set out some of these game at Kansas City. He said the NFL would make an official announcement this afternoon. Sacramento would not know where the Kennedy would be fined. NFL spokesman Steve Alex, said yesterday, League of Fistels were reviewing film from all games this weekend and a decision would come later this week. Chamber of Suffolk and Kushman he went up high for a past from J. Feealer and was sitting the face by Kennedy in the second quarter of the Dolphin's 2422 win against Denver Sunday night. And that's a silly lady game that's aren't we blessed to be here in Miami. God, we are blessed. I go out there and kiss the guy damn Blarny stone if I could find one. I don't want to get Dennis of set again. That professional cat lick. That professional homophobic. Come out of the closet, Dennis. It's not too late. You can still do it. Well, in fact, I'll give him a maritime to come on and show him come out of the closet. He has a wife you know. Like I said, that's your proofs it to me. They said their marriages solid as a rock. Rock Hudson. 10 to one at five, 60 W to come. If you got speaking of a bad hairpiece, speaking of a dead cat on your head and believe me. There are so many people walking around. If they're looks silly. I mean, it's one thing to be vain. And then we all want our hair back. I got very few. I kind of wanted a time. But you younger guys out there that still have an opportunity. You get a little action and something going in your life. If you want to look great, Charles Alfie or he's the only way to go. Not dead, Muskrat's not holes drill in the head. Now that other stuff. Okay, forget about that. Not those dangerous pills that might kill you and grow one or two follicles back in a year. But the greatest look in natural hairline system going anywhere. The reason it's so great is because it looks like the real thing. See, if somebody says, what that's a nice looking piece, even that's not a compliment because they know what's a piece. Which Charlie system, it looks like they're his one out of your scalp. That's why it's so great. And of course, at no price in the world, can you get a better look in more natural system than Charles Alfie or his natural hairline system, which is why even a multi-manyard is go see Charlie. And when you call 1-800-321-2413, mention old Neil, old balding Neil told you to call. And you'll get an extra two and a discount off the regular already low price. Pick up that phone or call him today. You got no obligation. Nothing lose but that ugly bald spot. Call 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413, or log out of their website, Charles Alfie or Eury.com. So close. That free car and it's here, which close. So close. Time to be. Please, President come. So close. Repolicate muscle this and in our kingdom it is. I don't know why. They won't want to die but the least is. First comes the deck for years with President thumbs. Oh, what I can do is you come close once more. And get to we go hold it for a while. Here you are, first. Don't don't go. If you're struggling to steal me. Don't go full. And if you're on good pitch head. Don't go full. Please, even. Lover than me. Please, President thumbs. So close. You don't care what it does. You got him in by hook or throw up the pressure. Right. No one will mess up you and die. But he won't talk me here. Please, not a great leader. With President thumbs. 12. He's going to down with up 300 and three boys baby. Look at that man. Is it going to last? No. Did I tell you this would happen? Next three weeks man is going to be like this. The entire three weeks. Right before the election just go into the middle of the building. There's their puppet in there baby. They're buying and buying. Then November 6th. That'll be the end of that. Of course he hasn't opened his mouth yet today. That's right. El President, it hasn't said it yet. So tell me up. Okay. Just tell me up. No, he won't be saying nothing because he knows if he opens his mouth. That's the end of that. As that's up 55 points. There's smoke and baby. They're smoking something up there. Wouldn't you be buying now? And it's environment. I'd be buying like hand over fist. Not with your money. With somebody else's money. Okay. This is not looking too good for these calls 249 votes. What do you think of the callers now? They suck 100. They make the show 74. Sure. So they're going to show 36 and they're great 30. So let's see 144 to 103. 144 to 104. Forty vote margin on the negative. Which generally says the callers blow. Bob will take a few more. Maybe we'll get some good ones here next two minutes. What do you think? No. Sure. This could be a WQIM. Told you. Yes sir. Hey. How are you Neil? Great. Can you make a bit? Yeah. WQIM. Hi. Hi. Can I speak with Neil? Yes, man. Hi. Is this Neil? Sounds like me. Hi. Neil. I just want to let you know that I've been listening to your show for a couple of years. My husband got me hooked on it. Good. And number two, I think that in your poll, you shouldn't take calls because you keep us so informed. And on top of there, there's so much humor in it. Number two, I wanted to know if you read the column in the sentence. In the last night, about addictions, always fight the US back. It has all these trucks headed for Baghdad. And in one of the paragraphs, it's three paragraphs. It says press, dot, bluish, grandfather or the current president was a director of a bank with Nazi investments. Right. So blatant, it was seized by the United States government of the trading with the enemy. Well, he had a contest with Pope Pies to see which one could cause the uptail better? It's like a whole... And I think I think press get one. Well, I try to keep informed and you know, I say to myself, I know that Adam has seen his bad, but you know, like you say every day, do we want to boys coming back and body bags? And you have to just really look at it and take it slow and it's like, isn't all about boiling money? Yes. It's bad. Absolutely. No question about it. You have the great work keeping farming us and what's going on. Thanks a lot. And like our president says, that's usually what he says. Scary man, scary. But just like that, Paul, we took yesterday, 18 and a half percent of this audience. All we like him because he's not a bleeding heart liberal. That's the only thing that they like about him. He's the buffer. See, in the rest of us with a brain, we look at it the other way. The bleeding heart liberals are the buffer against the fascists. That's the problem. The only problem being the fascist stole a guy at the election. That's the problem. They stole it for him. Square. So this pole and Florida, this thing is going to really really tell you what Jeb and the Bill McBride. I guarantee a man, Catherine Harris, she's squeezing her chads and hanging him right now. Take it to the bank. Three weeks from today. They got this thing. Rigged better. You can shake your thing at 254 votes. The callers suck. And then she was an item. She was good, right? And she didn't want to hear the callers. She was very nice. She is an IQ larger than her thumbnail. And she said the callers blow something like that. I'm pretty sure that's what she said. 110 votes for they suck. They make the show set.