It won't work, sis, it's the south-ltoi It will only Jawi, Northeastern Beloved God and Hell At this time, we have 2 names Do you know when I'm in谢 earlier? I'm telling you qam.com Baby, it's Friday! You bastard! starts out real sweet and friendly. And then she gives me like a grilling like I'm on a witness stand here interrogating me. We don't have to answer to you And we don't have to like condolize or George's W Bush around Gore or June I don't know where to go. Like a post the this video show and also I'm stopping it That this doesn't include the call So that's the third one though. Right the first one is the one with the call. Well, that's the one I had queued up and he's all the third ones They're good ones see God is punishing you for your association with this program That's why you lost a hundred dollar bill. That's like twice in one week the audio vault is all screwed up and fat Holy old engineers got a coming here and baby ran side at the last second here's a header from Fox News I'm okay. I think Thanks for taking her call. We've been trying to reach you for the past couple days. We're trying to reach me You've called people I haven't been invented yet. You called dead relatives of mine. What's the story? Heather? We're working on a story about the CD you're promoting on your website that's called Kiffa I won't say it and word good morning Heather. Are you listening to the show? Yes, I am I've been listening to a couple days and just see you here. We're moving. Did you hear me go through the entire rationale of what that that song had nothing to do with kind of leaves a rice? Uh-huh What about the song kind of leaves a kind of leaves a that was that's obviously about kind of leaves a And I just want to know why you're why you're playing this on your show I see I'd like to know why and this is really interesting why are you calling me asking me why should play this? We make we have song periods about build Clinton dozens of them. Nobody ever complained about that We have song periods about Al Gore dozens of them. Nobody ever complained about those Well, African American folks up in here in New York are pretty offended by it But you know what wait let me say this to you Karen. We're not in New York Okay, we don't broadcast in New York or on WQM in Miami and and the fact of the matter is that unless except for people like you and the people at That right wing newsmax.com will want to make a big service about this if or for that they wouldn't even be aware that we exist You know there's a mod this organization that's offended by it is a national organization But the fact of the matter is we've been playing these songs for many many many months We've never had one single complaint and when interlopers like you from outside like from Fox News or from some right wing website Want to tell us what I mean for you to ask me how come you're playing that because we want to play it Okay, what what what what what is it what is it what is it? What is it called? It's called comedy. That's what it's called you have a sense of humor. Do you think it's funny? Call kind of Lisa right in a day in a day in a day while Harry Bellafonte called her the house Negro Okay, so we'll call her whatever we want but this is a little bit different. I mean No, it's not you was taking issue with not the least bit different. She is the house Negro See you people at Fox may not understand this not everybody in the world is the right wing or like group or Murdoch They're actually are those of us who are progressive or moderate liberal whatever We are who also have the right to speak to express whatever we want So if we're paying again what you just said for me there you think she is a what She's the house Negro Uh-huh and you don't find anything wrong with that Well, what do you mean wrong with it? It's a fact. That's my opinion in my title of my opinion You're you're certainly a and how do you're paying it? You know that that's basically that's basically what Harry Bellafonte said as well and obviously this is why nobody returned your calls Heather whatever your name is because we knew that you were trying to stir up a bunch of crap and take something out of context When I asked you did you listen did you listen? We're not doing it. We're not doing it. I'll roll you. You'll pay it's my show And I'm not gonna have you scream over me. You're trying to talk me. Okay. It's not gonna work. Okay Asked you in the beginning of the conversation which I was very common. I asked you did you hear me Explain the origin of that song the rest of Tussan song the fact of the matter is and I don't I'm sure he must have been on your channel Randall Kennedy the black author who wrote the book nigger the strange career of a troublesome word not that I'm aware of While he was certainly on CNN was on a TV because he was not a fox because he was no rat I don't know if he was there didn't they weren't aware of it from check Kennedy. Oh You know are you aware of that book you portray yourself to be this sort of liberal voice But yet you're I don't portray I don't put labels on me. I'm I'm for example When I call you up there I call myself a human being you see you people on fox It's this old liberal and a conservative test stuff went out with high button shoes I'm making living and you think in a video in addition to why do I have to add Miami Florida Answer to some assholes in New York on Fox news how I do my show. What is it your business? There are a lot of people who care there are people in Miami. They care about this too Who are they? Who are they name me one person Miami is concerned about it? We know down there certainly and they name me one Name me one it's offensive One name me one I don't know what you say Like a nice day okay We're calling her whatever we feel like corner she's a public god damn figure Bitch and blow it out your right way. Nass and you and Bill and by the way Riley didn't make the number 0 Girl anyway, it's a 906 at 5.60 WCU. I am happy you Friday too That's a Heather our friend from Fox News if we get good at call once a week We'd have a 90 share Oh, I'll say again next week. Heather we'd love to hear from you with more of your contrived horse crap Here's this bitch calling us because she's obviously been put up to it First he's pretending to be a producer then she comes on and she's like trying to outshot and she's the new with talk show And she's grilling me like I'm on a guy then wouldn't withstand well how come you say this? That's my opinion. How do you like that? I don't have to justify it to you for anybody else The people from Fox don't tell us what to say on here and guess what's we don't either there's anybody else yet Yeah, and maybe after Tuesday that'll change although with all the Harvey pit business and the Haitian business Things seem to be taken a turn for the you've worst as they say in the sausage factory For the right wingers. They seem to be taken a turn for the worst which maybe explains why they're so panicking his Therical and you can read your news max.com and you can get all the lyrics you want and get all the right wing paranoia You want and I think like I said yesterday This was the day that Fox News Network for anybody went any doubts about the fascist news network They out of themselves that came out of the closet As your official standard bear a right wing repression censorship and paranoia. That's what they are So thanks very much for calling Heather, but I'm glad that we were able to do it on the air So we could show the whole world what you really all about you people you people Yeah, you you're kind Doing a show here my and you know if the people out there complain I asked our operations manager program directed the janitor I asked somebody out in the parking lot. I am no who knows it was here any complaints about the rest of Tucson song about kind of leases And know we like that stuff. We think it's funny is crap Why are you playing it because we feel like it? How about all the goddamn priorities we got on Hillary anybody ever complained about those? No, they love them We were gonna complain to about the priorities we play about Mo. No, no, no matter fact we get requests because it's time to get it on But they love them We don't we're not interested in having the end if there's some organization again It's gonna try to muscle us that's gonna and screw them. Okay Screw them in addition to which you know if they were we'd hear from them directly not through not through some intermediary Maybe Fox news is the pimped network just like Jim Sarny is the what's the name I got for him now I got his column. They what a clown disguise. He's the QAM spin room column every Friday in the Sun Cinema Thanks a lot Jim even mufflers in here earlier sin, but that guy's like he's like molding putty in your hands Yeah, he says like playing with Play-Doh I guess that's what muffed in on how we need to play with Play-Doh And socrates and anyway, he writes this morning about QAM signing for two more years with a Marlin Oh my god. Well, you know, it kills some time. That's that's what it's a kill some time at night Jeep must have got a hell of a day. Probably they're paying us to carry it And so Jim Sarny says there are baseball fans in South Florida They just don't tune to the games the ratings went from a three six last season up from a disappointing 211 and then he quotes mufflands. He's saying baseball does well here And Marlin's are an important part of our summer programming. In other words, we got a cheap and a kill some time at night And it sure gets better numbers and I think the Panthers which there's nobody listening in a wintertime for hockey because nobody knows here from hockey from By the way, those leaves tied at land Elas and I know are we depressed about that. Oh A little girl's team and we blew the lead again and had a settle for a tie and the people weren't too happy about it Not too happy about it. A B and C How that pull come out yesterday mr. Hotchot. So thanks Jim Sarny for a luck suck it up I got the hour by hours out and you know what it averages out what how many people how many men are listening to Marlin baseball at night about 3,500 And then he given time 3,500 now So there are baseball fan. Yeah, right and there's a few thousand watching on TV, but you know something it's like saying Oh, there are people like that restaurant on the street. They just don't go there They stand outside and they sniff oh he roam is great. You know to get it for free, but they won't go in and spend There might it's the same thing with saying that they're baseball fans here if they just don't go to the games Then they aren't really fans Jim Sarny. They're not gonna give it a tangible support it can't exist there Don't you understand that you ugly ugly old man? He makes me look at he's where you ever see his picture Well man looks like he's it looks like oh he just walked by most vaguer something Like the aroma's got that scrunched up push And I've heard that there's nothing worse than a scrunched up push, but I'll take your word for it Now how many votes I'm a guess we better do the break because we got no sponsor today Nice going with that sale department or by the way pd line you're out of the closet too Rumor has it. What I tell you about him being too faced in a backstabber He's always ripping poor screw in my good close personal friend screw in behind her back our sales manager the lovely screw in and a good friend But when it comes when he were in Vegas guess who at the ad dinner? They took him to a nice restaurant to hold sales department for dinner. Guess what we said next to so we ran sucked up to where Put on a good phony act. You're not fooling anybody pd line. Okay. You're out of the closet. You're phone your a backstabber But don't forget it's time to get it on It's 11 after nine at five 60. I mean you come. We'll be playing at the Heather piece about what 20 or 30 times that It cuz it's almost five four and a half minutes long kill some good time Plus it's Friday almost 1200 votes on a 40 yesterday See people that don't understand this show that want to come in like a total or take stuff out of context and stir up a pile of crap And especially right wingers have want to do that. Oh, but you know you're supposed to be a liberal I'm not supposed to be anything. I'm just an asshole here getting paid open up a mothag give my opinions And don't have to take orders from Rupert Murdoch or anybody in New York or DC or another goddamn place yet Hey, let me tell you about a great place Donald mattress hey the weekend is here You know you don't want to be tossed in turn and all we can't long enough getting any sleep the weekend is a time to sleep in That's what I always say except that damn little dog well anyway Pick up the phone and call dial a mattress and they'll come and take away that crappy moldy nasty worn out old mattress viewers And deliver right to your door and set up a fantastic great new mattress a name brand mattress at a price that you just won't believe Unbeatable price the fact the whole deal is unbeatable So like I keep telling you it's really stupid to go to a deal fashion way of running around from betting store to department store and back and forth Because there's no point in it you can't get a better deal all the way then from dial a mattress to give you the choice of Serda Seely Simmons King cool the top names in a business and because they've got the deepest selection of name brand mattresses You don't have to get worried about a bait and switch exactly the one the order is the one you get and they deliver to you Then a couple hours after you call or any two hour window seven days a week when it's convenient for you You pick it and the window two and they give you that 30 day in home comfort guarantee. So can sleep on it Rock and roll on it whatever you like for up to 30 days to make sure it's right for you and your back So if you want to get a great night sleep tonight and for years to come call dial a mattress right now Like I always do like the lovely Miguel bosom. He is still screwing his brains out on it call 100 macros 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S or check them out on their famous worldwide website at Macros.com You There's a butt at smell like the studios of channel 10 be haunted Join us tonight for special report on the hunting of channel 10 country boys May the good news be yours for my copy A severe The Duster Tsu, who's very very hard to stand in. How are you with this boy, the Duster Tsu? I would just feel more hurt if we're full. I'm 65, 60W, you're happy, Friday 2. Mad Dog and one, you got HAKI 3, and then you got an afterback good luck here. What do we got? Oh, day one, statue of five. Who does Collins football, preview with Clarence, Jozy, and Donnie B. Junior. 7 o'clock tonight, Palmer by 80K of GA, and ESPN radio overnight, because the overnight guys are on vacation. But a short vacation, I notice. Just like a long weekend. That's good. We can't afford to have them on here too long, you know what I'm saying? We in deep crap. 1182 votes on the poll yesterday, which of these words do you think is the most offensive? Should have asked Heather about that while we head around the phone yesterday from a fascist news network. Should have asked to lovely Heather. Bitch. Which of these is the most offensive? None of the above. They're just words 751, 63 and a half percent have learned that they're just words. And let me say it again, I find it just amazing that we never had one call. About the parodies on Bob Bill Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Al Gore, Ted Kennedy. It only matters when you insult somebody they'd like. Some write wing asshole, like Condoleezza and all this a bunch of American Nazis. Number of about 751, Nigger 299, 299, Nigger votes, Kike 55, Faggot 45 and then it was way down to Wap 18 and Spick in last place 14. 2014, they're used to that. I got them conditioned to it. And you see how well I works? I bet you if I would've done that pool five years ago, Spick would've been way up there. Because we have all these holios out there listening even under the closet. They're in the closet with their little transistor radios. They still make transistor radios now. Huh? I don't know. I get you get a real good one for $100 bucks. That's $100 bill that you lost. I've told a story before about this friend of mine in Detroit. And one of his friends was going off on his motorcycle for the weekend and I don't know where he'd He'd won something. I don't know how to track or a lot of money. So we had $1000 in $100 bills. He had $100 bills. And he said to my friend, he said, I don't want to carry around all that money all weekend because I'm just going where the hell he was going. Uh, somebody's got to take 200. I'm going to give you the 800. The other 800 to hang on to for me. This is a true story. He gave him $800 bills. So my friend and I would go to lunch in Detroit at some sloppy diner where the hell it was. We go to lunch. And by the time we got back to the office, which at that time had my a boiler room at agency radio at agency business and he was in, I don't know what business he was in, but in the same building. Get back to the office and he starts from lunch through his pocket. Oh my god. In the restaurant, he dropped on the floor. Three of the $800 bills. So now he's got a $500. Okay. True story. So he's in a panic. Go back in the restaurant and naturally somebody had picked it up. I mean, there's not a Chinaman's chance. He's getting that money back. So in just a matter of an hour, he's already parlayed this poor guy. He's $800 bucks into $500. So what's the solution? We got to go to the track when it back. Yeah. So that night we go to Northfield downs outside of Detroit. Go to Northfield. And you know, and those days I used to read a lot of money. It's a track. That's a true story boys and girls not anymore, but in those days I used to gamble pretty good. And I don't know. Maybe it was luck, I guess. But not that night. No, not that night. So we go to the track. I couldn't pick my nose. Okay. I couldn't catch a cold. And the airway bad break everything is going wrong. And he make a long stir ratio out of the 500 year left. He loses $450 of that. Now I wasn't there. Whatever the subject I came back on his motorcycle to find out that his $800 have been parlayed into 50 bucks. You know what I'm saying? Don't be frustrated. Yeah, I think that's the 50 loan delivery too. Is that a true story? Did he tell him? I don't know. I'm sure I wish I would have been there. I'd like to have been a fly on a wall. So if I had the wings I could have gotten away from their real quick. But oh man, I feel a little better. But I want her to be a little. Yeah. $800. $800. $800. It comes back in as 50 bucks. How do you like to try to explain your way out of that one, huh? I think we are wrong. Are you stepping on me again? The England Paul who is getting really chronic on a fax machine. Says, listen to the show yesterday. Could have been your best show. I don't think so. I'll get two carried always. I think it's a great call. But I wouldn't say it was a vish or whatever. Maybe this week. Love it when you're pissed off and fired up. Well, God damn it, that's good, Paul. Keep up the good work and keep playing all your bits. Tell that bitch to kiss your big fat ass. Well, hey, guess what? Heather, kiss my big fat. Correct. Ask. My big pimpley old, wrinkly ass. And just when you got your lips on it, I'll give you the extra gift in there too. Uh, then I give the poor results. Yes, I did. Thank goodness. Cause boy, he didn't waste any time. Even though he did not respond to my question that I asked him. See, one thing about poker Brian and about Eric up there. Wherever he is. They got there with like I said yesterday. Did they got their own little business going with our website? I mean, I'm excuse me to ask any questions. So I could say on the air, here's something intelligent and tell the poor suckers out there. What's going to happen with the orders and whether the mo bit CD is going to. I don't know. So I asked him a little question on the poll this morning that I facts to Eric. Did I get an answer? Oh, I have any idea what's going on with that? No. Did Brian tell you anything at Treasure Island last night before he lost your hundred dollars? No. No. See, I don't want to start playing but I guess I'm going to have to. It would be nice if you people would communicate just like all other the contractimes that started. Days and days before I found out about what the website and what that older CD would. There were the tuition song. Oh, when I'll look crap at the fan. Don't talk to me about it. I mean, why don't you want anybody want to tell the old fag about it? He might say something on here in the audience might discover what's really going on. See, I'd like to be able. We're just once in my life to come on here and say, hey folks, here's what's going on. So the audience can discover what it is instead of this like back door, who was that? Eric, well yeah, I want to see you have to say thank you a fact. Are he sending me a fax? Great. Here's today's poll. I thought of this coming to work this morning. I don't know what prompted me. It's just one event that had last 25 years has been the greatest hit. Let me try it again. Which event had last 25 years has had the greatest negative impact on South Florida? The Mary Alboat Lift, the 2000 hanging chattel lesson, Hurricane Andrew or Aliion. I must believe in something out. It seems to me there's been so many other bad things that have happened here, but they must have skipped my mind. Liberty City riots? I guess I should put that on her too. Liberty City riots? Eric? Liberty City riots? Remember that? Oh, you weren't here. You were out of banana boat somewhere. You were hanging out there with Aliion, done there in the Caribbean. Liberty City riots? I guess if there's anything that I'm missing there, I'm sure somebody will call in or fax in or whatever. I think that's the next one. Question. If you ask me, I'll tell you who's really starting to like a lot. Jack Capri on CNN, the goofball they have in the morning with Paula. See, they're starting to change the whole approach now because they're getting booched by that fascist news network. Our good friends at Fox, what was silly assholes that sit around and yuck it up in the morning. So now they're sitting around and yuck it up too. They sit on that sofa. But he was talking about our good post personal friend, the chairman and the very briefly, I'm sure. He'll be gone before you can say asshole. Harvey Pit, who is the pit. What they'll do in that store. Here it is. Paul Krugman writes in New York Times that he's a pit principal. And the latest scandal with Harvey Pit yesterday. And so they asked the viewers to email them, which they have a different topic that they ask about every day. There wasn't one person who emailed them out of the hundreds or whatever they got. Thousands maybe supporting Harvey Pit. Not one. He must go. Okay. It's like the fox watching the chicken coop. The fox network watching the chicken coop. That's what it's like. So there's our poll question. Let's see, Miami boat, the mayor of the hangar to hangar to hangar to hangar to hangar. And we gotta put the liberty city rights on there too. It would be good one. How about the influx of patience? No, that's not good. What do you laugh about? That hasn't been a picnic, would all do respect to our good post personal Haitian friends, which I'm sure we must have one or two. No, sure we do. The pit principal writes Paul Krugman. He says, so Harvey Pit decided not to tell other members of the Securities and Exchange Commission. A small detail about the man he had chosen to head a crucial new accounting oversight board after turning his back on a far more qualified candidate. William Webster reports Steven Leviton of the Times headed the audit committee at U.S. Technologies. Now that companies being sued by investors who claimed the management the fraud of them of millions. And what did Mr. Webster's committee do after an outside auditor-based questions about the company's financial controls? That's right. Mr. Pit's response when this story broke beats anything a set of us could have imagined. Pit speaks, seeks probe of himself, right one headline. Honest. Mr. Pit's own agency will investigate how he chose Mr. Webster. Meanwhile, what was Mr. Webster thinking? Nobody thinks he's corrupt, but having failed so spectacularly to police executives at a single small company. How could he imagine himself qualified to enforce Honest Accounting for all of corporate America? Yet it's no accident that Mr. Pit picked a wrong man. Mr. Webster was chosen over better candidates precisely because accounting industry lobbyists, a group that still clearly includes Mr. Pit, the lead TV and effectual. Let's call it the Pit Principle. The famous Peter Principle said that managers failed because they were to the level of their incompetence. The Pit Principle tells us that sometimes incompetence is exactly what the people in charge want. In this particular case, ordinary investors demanded a crackdown on corporate malfeasants and Mr. Pit pretended to comply. But this administration is one by and four people are profited handsomely from their inside of connections. Remember, Harkin Halle Burton and Womultim administration completed about that energy task force. So we picked some of an impressive but irrelevant background whom he could count on not to get the job done. This principle explains a lot. For example, the Treasury Secretary's job is to pursue of sound fiscal economic policies. So if you don't want that job done, you appoint a prominent manufacturing executive. We'll little understanding either a federal budget or a macroeconomics. He'll be just a matter of a lightning fast transition for record budget surpluses to huge deficits. He'll even cheerily declare that the latest indicators look good just days before consumer confidence plunges to a nine year low. The attorney general's job is to uphold a constitution and enforce the rule of law. So if you don't want that job done, you pick a former senator who doesn't have much respect either for the law or for the constitution, especially silly stuff about due process, separation of church and state, all that. He'll be just a matter of responsible crisis by imprisoning more than a thousand people without charges, while catching not a single person who's committed an active terrorism, not even the anthrax mailer. Talking about John Ascrop now. The same principle can be applied at lower levels and teleges and defense experts who realistically assess threats to national security and the consequences of US military action. So if you don't want that job done, you place it in the hands of prominent, neoconservative intellectuals with no real world experience. They can be counted out of perceived terrorist links where the CIA says they don't exist and to offer blive assurances about fighting a war in a densely populated urban area when the military itself is very nervous about doing it. But the most important application of the pit principle comes at the top. The president's job is to unify the nation and lead it through difficult times. If you don't want that job done, you will point an affable fellow from a famous family who's led a charm business and political life thanks to his insider advantage. He'll be the kind of guy who sees nothing wrong and seeking partisan advantage from national crisis, even going so far to declare that members of the other party don't care about the nation's security. That way a great surge of national unity and good feeling can be converted little more than a year into a growing sense of dismay with more and more Americans saying that the country is going in the wrong direction. Rights Paul Cromman today's New York Times and you are... Absolutely correct. Right on it Paul. 927 at 560 WKM should I vote? I guess I'll vote during the break. I'm not really sure what my answer is going to be on that poll today. That's the kind of like the kind of poll we have to go like, I don't know. I kind of think about it for like two or three seconds. I'll tell you one thing, you shouldn't be taking for like even one second about where you're going to buy you a great new car. Tom Lavin down here at the Hell of Pontiac GMC is the kind of guy you want to do business with. No BS, no games, he pulls all the punches out. You know what I'm saying in the card. Tom loves the New Rogers list, which is why he's created the Neil Deal at Hell. You know, I love when Bob Eisenberg comes in here and gives me an old tired piece of coffee just changes the date on the top. See that? Wow, but you're not fooling us at all here, Bob. Okay. And it's a good thing that Tom is an easy-going guy or he'd give this account to the real sales guy. Save big dollars on all Pontiacs and G's and GMC's and stock during the Neil Deal that's going on again. Just mention you heard about it here on the show mentioned Bob Eisenberg's name. And after they picked themselves up the four, four from life in their ass-off, they'll give you a hell of a deal. Stop by Hell of Pontiac GMC at 1.34 or 1 South, Tixi Highway. That's US one across in the falls where AirB vehicle is marked with what's supposed to be lowest price mentioned in the Rogers Deal and save even more. Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs including the envoy and the old new VMS SUV that's got the power of a big gutsy gas-guzzling sports car. Hallets also got a tremendous selection of pre-owned cars trucks as UVs and like I tell you, every single day of my life on this show. If anybody else have everybody else turned it on because you got crappy credit because you look like a deadbeat. Have no problem because Tom got a great sense of humor. He'll cut you deal. In fact, even Carlos could probably buy a car there, but I think that might be going a little bit too far. Get a Neil Rogers Deal and Halipontiac GMC across from the falls on Dixi Highway. Open every day, seven days a week. Halipontiac GMC who be professional gray. We're sports for Neil 5CC, UAM. Bad day to quit Smith and Glude. Open Lexi to highly rated it. Mo-Haw and a David into the show. Holding the my own navigation. Okay, stupid worry. We with the limit. Go for it. You were going that to me. Sorry, Mo. That's better. Oh, wrong day. Chris. Nick, I didn't see you could play that again. Okay. Wrong day. How you Chris? Cutter. What? Wrong day. Get speed. That's Justin. Now I might watch you poke. Okay. A wrong day. He's up with you. Wow. That's a comfortable grip. Sorry, Mo. We've got one of our three very important coolers on the line. Here. We can't even spin it out. Can I spin it out? Okay. I'm just thinking that God damn thing is saying, but he had done it. I'm playing with my merit-cocker. I'm all hit down. Oh, that's quite a distendful. Why, I sometimes... Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Get it, get it. God joys. Oh, there is a little bit to go in, I've got to be dumb, I've got to almost disappointed a lot of things. I want to be... You want to be até... Alright. Rubbish. I don't want your eyes to a beat. I'm not into it. I'm under you. You're under, I'm not in. I'm under you. I'm under you. Sorry. That's my dream. Oh. Look at that. I'm getting piled. 93 now I'm starting to get you hear them sowing down there on a second floor again. Yeah, starting to hear it. And then that's a song. It feels like they're like pushing all the floorboards up. I think the whole guy damn floors going to come up broad just off to my right under the refrigerator in the microwave over there. Any second. And it always sounds worse in that studio. It sounds like it's like right under Clarence's ass in the other room there. Right dome in the old PD's office. Following his a message from the Michael Moore's website, he'll be on. Oh no. Well, you know, everybody can't be choosy. I guess you've got that the movie out. You know, he's going to be on Oprah. Yeah. For the whole hour today talking about blowing for column by. Uh, I don't see any facts from both of Brian or from Eric. So I still have, I just mentioned that in passing. Here's a facts from Paul and Greenville. South Carolina's love. Your show can't do we hear it the way to that fox call again. Oh, you well. PS I did it a girl named Heather at Fredonia State. She was a terrible lay. I could have been a one fall. Sounds like her sounds highly frustrated. Highly anal. You see this story and I heard that a real held in dog cage police are told. Little really Wilson disappeared, you know. How did he see F is done such a great job under our governor Jim Bush? I want to tell you something too because it's very obvious how desperate these people are getting right now. What in the round trying to whip up all the dark folks out there at all that liberal voice down arrow. He's racist. He hates you dark folks. And this one and that one and don't vote for those liberals. Right. I think black people are going to turn out in record numbers on Tuesday because they're predicting a light turn out across the country. You dark folks for once in your lives might actually if they let you vote, which I doubt. But if they do, you might actually tip the outcome of the election and all the you Haitian people in Dave County. If you don't go out there and vote for Bill McBride two or three times each on Tuesday, there's something really wrong there. Because this guy's talking out of both sides of his ass, this governor you're okay. Oh, well, I think the rule ought to be changing of course his brothers the one who mysteriously and still won't. Still won't tell us what it's all about. How long is that sign going to go on right under God damn is Clarence doing that in there or what? Either that or maybe Clarence and more and they haven't like a little somebody's getting raped at it again. Huh? It sounds like sign but you know that sign sound. Oh, to that for Meteor's sign sound. In fact, let me see if it's still in there that big black number. Yeah, it's still in here. I thought maybe somebody stole that was using it on Moac to the show. Could be. I think he'd like it. Anyway, poor little rigger. This is disgusting. What on the front page of the here. I'll state at local investigators trying to corroborate witnesses accounts that the two caregivers are missing two caregivers. You know what the quotation marks you have to make with their hands. Of missing child or foster child, really well. Sometimes kept your locked inside a dog cage. You're going to two law enforcement sources familiar with the case. Investigators say they obtain a dog cage large enough to hold a small child during a search of the homo Jerlon and Pamela Graham. Detective hoped to prove the women used it to confine. The first couple of years of missing since January 2001, lawyers for both women strongly deny the allegations last night characterizing them as scare tactics by police. The girl boardaway crack addicted mother it had behavioral problems according to the Graham's, zero and grain complaint of close friends and has said an interview that the child would defecate all over the house. Well, you know, that's like tiny. Okay. Now, rakamana first got the dogs. You had to put in those little training cages to house break him. Right. But the dog is 14 years old now. Of course, she was five years old when she disappeared. I don't think that you put like five years old in the cages to house break him, the train of the potty train him. But nevertheless, that's what goes on here in a state of Florida. Forced sterilization, baby, it's the only answer. And if that pisses off Heather or the people at Fox News or you want to make it into racist comment, go right ahead. Twist and turn and manipulate for your own fun at advantage. Just keep taking people's words out of context and twist whatever you want. Forced sterilization. Not we're not talking about for any one group. We're talking about people who shouldn't be allowed to reproduce and believe me. There's more than Doug just dark folks in that category. Seriously, if he don't stop that the song down there. Oprah. And this is, you know, usually the banging, at least it sounds like it's fairly distant, a little bit, the drilling and the banging. But the song, and he's got to be rap and mullin' there. He's got to be. Clarence has got to be humpin' him. Got to be. What else could that be? It's right up against the wall there. Can you hear it? Yeah. Can you hear it? Man. 83 votes on a poll already. What have ended last 25 years has had the greatest negative impact on South Florida? Mary Elbowliff, that was my vote. Trust me when I tell ya. Oh. I still don't see any facts by the way from over here. There it is. About time, Fatso. Let's see what he says before I do the poll result. It says we're going to be sung to revise MoCD starting Monday between now. And then I have to do the new cover up. Provided away for people to confirm or cancel with regards to Eric. Well, best regards, Eric. See, at least I got to be sponsored. I don't know if we'd necessarily let me know this. Because those people who are ordered the other CD are listening probably now. Maybe some of our gate-rated turn it off like Rick the mailman. What is that pounding on a goddamn wall again? What are they doing in there? They're drilling, they're pounding, they're sowing, they're sucking. And something else that I think rhymes with last one. Man. So thanks for responding. Eric, here's our poll result right up to the moment. 88 votes. Remember, 88, 88, WCBS near Corsionot. You ain't ever been in New York. You would know WCBS from anything. Mary Albole, 43, which you've ended last 25 years has created the greatest negative impact in South Florida. 2,000 hanging chat election, 33, Hurricane Andrew 5, Aliane only 4, your small potatoes, Aliane, out of sight out of mind. And Liberty City riots only 3. How soon we forget? 21, 2, Lieutenant 5, 60 WC, we're going to take a ton of calls here today. Man, we're going to take 4,000 calls between now and 1,000 clock. Or I'm going to stay over Rester. We'll push that mad dog right off the edge of the map. But we'll push the whole schedule back. You know, like on the ass ass end, there who needs ESPN radio. Who needs that crap? By the way, thanks again for the pop piece Jim Sarni from all of us here at QA. Thanks for all the sucking. In fact, muff cities exhausted from it. Here's a place that you love, Delight to West Booker. You low carbohydrate. What is it? Carbohydrate and sugar free atkins.supers store. They got a great new selection of low carb cookies. Oh man, they're unbelievable. 14 different cookies. And they're delicious from three different bakers no less. They got peanut butter, chocolate chocolate chip, lemon. And lemon cookies to me are kind of like bland, you know. And the coconut, all sugar free, low carb. And there's plenty of bland people out there. So try to lemon cookies. Stop by the lights and sample these. Ready to do the great products before you buy them. If you want, Delight's give us a loaf of the new carb, low carb bread called Simply low carb bread. PD Lenny, I think put it under his armpit and took it home for his girlfriend. Spread some of the new, new, La Nuba jam on it. And you've got a great low carb breakfast. You'll be jammed it. And don't forget is your official icons retail center. Delight's of West Booker sells every hackkins, Diaphrand, probably the 25% up today. Tomorrow we eat from Sookus and every day. And of course everybody knows hackkins for a lot of people out there. Works very effectively. So check out Delight's of West Booker. They got a friendly, knowledgeable staff to lead you down the path. To good health and help you lose that disgusting fat. It's grotesque. It looks bad. It's killing you. Believe me from somebody who knows. You're open right there on the corner of a grades in 441 every day, 7 days week from 10 to 10. You can call him toll free at 1-877 low carb. And you can even check him out on the web at low carb.com. Delight's of West Booker. Your official icons retail superstar. Delight's of West Booker. Delight of West Booker. Delight of West Booker. Delight of West Booker. Delight of West Booker. Delight of West Booker. Delight of West Booker. Delight of West Booker. Delight of West Booker. Delight of West Booker. Delight of West Booker. Delight of West Booker. Delight of West Booker. And colster is a party girl slot. Party girls Olá. Party girls slot. And 이걸 slot. And EARTH. And o As the party girls slot party girl slot. Party girls slot party girl slot. And Jereye Points. Darnen the answer. replicinachb communist synthesizing acoustic an electro an night on top quiver you want more? on this lady is what I'll give you she's got a book of read about slandering nobody knows what about slandering out with a big suitcase found that he wanted to lift up mang deluxe such a good christian girl you want to strangles her fontific and who she's hating political fontific and frown on the law and masturbating other public in skanky home she's a better relation mow making liberal as dirty work you know in a minis church and and and the and and and and forty four five sixty w and that's skank was on the fox news last night I was channel surfing and it was handy in the surelock homes for what I mean the shows on it channel are just amazing but I got those big numbers sure because the right wingers found that they got their own network and a lot of other night people are too stupid to understand where they're coming from so they got number on there see along at last but at any rate so the skank was on their last night pontificating the same tired crap but me that I'm open and all in dignity then out of shape old news okay guys out of real life she's old news washed up dead meat yesterday's news giver a the east eagle scound faces expulsion thank god that the eagles and a boyscots are such great upstanding organizations eagle scounder a lambard is in 37 mirrod badges work more than a thousand hours of community service and helps lead a boyscot trooping his hometown but the nineteen year old has another distinction that made lead to his removal from the boys scouts he's an atheist I'd like that oh my god right lambard was given roughly a week by the boys got's regional executive to declare belief in a supreme being and comply with Boy Scots policy or quit the scouts the official in lambard were to talk again this week regarding lambard's answer although a definite date hasn't been set yet we've asked him to search his heart to confer with family members to give this great thought Brad Farmer the Scott executive of chief c l council of the Boy Scouts told the son of bremerton if he says he's in about a thiestie does not meet the standards of membership no fags no a thiestie guess that leaves me out on membership applications Boy Scots and adult leaders must say they recognize some higher power not necessarily religious mother nature would be a setable farmer set or mother something as a private organization the boys got to come into a school certain people from membership the organization vans gays and atheists gaze and atheist and especially atheist gaze lambard has been a scouts since he was nine city wouldn't profess a belief and doesn't feel it I'll sing it amongst to a lie I wouldn't be a good scout them would I come on lie a little the issue arose about three weeks ago when lambard got into an argument with a scout leader sheprending seminar over whether he see a thiestie should be expelled from the organization farmers office soon caught that in the talk about his non-belief you ready for this to talk about his non-belief in other words you're going to believe god damn it oh scusus lambard discloses a thiestie to scout leaders overseeing as he goes got application last year but still received the award the issue was surfaced before in nineteen ninety eight sixteen year old twins Michael the medium randle refused to take an oath to god we're awarded eagle badges after a seventy year old legal fight with orange county california uh... city council you can't be a good person let's see believing god how you like that but you while you make it in the middle of the bed but you can't be a scout unless you believe in god and you're a heterosexual and screw in some bitch or whatever and how you're doing that's it you better get with it mister no more this atheist crap they've given him a week to declare belief in the supreme man all and the good news is because most of the such a great job of the stuff again because it's going to be a tough game and green bay monday night for a little pet talk they're going to invite him in locker room before the game you're like new rockney is going to be all going to huddle around moan is always going to do he's going to get ready to hold yeah hundred thirty nine votes on the pool what have ended last twenty five years has had the greatest negative impact on south north of seventy of us a marial boat of fifty point three percent the two thousand hanging chat election forty eight thirty four and a half percent see i'm thinking about as far as greatest negative impact as opposed to like embarrassment two of them saying the pool ask great negative impact so i think so far away as far as the embarrassment the hang and chat could have been the winner perka and might still be her can and root twelve alien only six for the alien man that was pretty a very small potatoes and liberty city riots three well again the question always in embarrassing five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighty and t and rise in wireless line here's my any hello yes sir you left your bush off that call i can't believe it that would win and down if you put him on the right away jab bush isn't an event is the pretty big event is the thing on two negative of it yeah okay what are we going on two six okay great excellent call there you go we got one of the call on the board here we go in his calls again oh no after the highlight yesterday after such a grandiose moment on his show and now we're right back to this again and we had listened to that was that a call no that man have anything to say no nothing five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighty and t and Verizon wireless line here's our last call market a company we're back to this again hello market is gone that's our last call there's nobody on it great you know I think I'm gonna say and then just go home by by by by see yeah all we want to call back that's the meeting potatoes that's the bread and butter to show is the calls and get whipped up to a frenzy about okay so here we go around a roll the show has been taken off like a guy they have a spaceship everything is rocket and roll we had a great call which I played again and these people the like that same old hired craft man and Tom jick it tells me I got to come back here to take the pulse there was nothing got them pulse you've got to be kidding me Tommy invited by go to Charles off here people are laughing the ransom patch it five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t line let's get it going here baby let's get going get off your dead ass oh it is going to be a big to go to turn out here on Tuesday not there already making excuses all the lines are going to be too long and he's new fact on machines and the ball of the so long yeah okay whatever you say Palm Beach hello yes sir love the show and culture has two distinctly different size breasts really she does a good job of covering up with her long hair I didn't see that she had any of the last night on five maybe she liked shaved them off for something that you know that you get a normal one and once pretty much gone maybe she wanted to maria great that okay see another good one five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t line q a m hello yes sir you still joking that chicken yeah talk this but you can you I am okay it's going to be a historical Friday I can see it already getting the mood for it q a m hello new yes sir you demand yeah yeah and and and like I said this bull crap about well the colors are missing or a big part of the show you have got nothing to say you're nothing to say before I went away for the like in March and I come back here after seven or eight month hiatus and he's still got nothing to say about anything people like him is he funny is he interesting you know nothing nothing have something to say God damn it you got a god damn election coming up on Tuesday you got to all kinds of crack going on here with uh... they don't care about any of it about anything serious amusing in between how we ask what you get for Halloween what was in your sack that's a good question what was in your sack what's that something a whole for the girl uh... something a whole for Miguel yeah tickets to uh... a race that we're supposed to mention all the one the abud was raised that we can't mention because it's like uh... we got some other crown world of some sponsoring okay we want to go by was it well what what it means tickets to hold for Miguel understand that is Miguel like in the building is here you like his pimped hour one and by the way Miguel is not allowed to go to treasure island and more because his girlfriends get really psychotic about it that's true story was either last night and he won't be there anymore either great one thing that goes out to the place to suck up the free booze but when he might be uh... you know look at on something else that treasure island the answer is no way Jose and Miguel either well they got that new mattress to break in that it q a m q a m here's uh... line two hello no yes sir no uh... i'll be ready Tuesday wait till Tuesday oh my son uh... monday yeah wait till monday five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighty and t and right this this really is and i came in here on such a high like floating on cloud nine everybody in this town was talking about that fox bitch yesterday but that verbal exchange we had on this radio show that it was the talk of the town because nothing in the newspaper because nobody here right saying about radio and got forbidden to give us too much publicity except in sir and you write about how everybody does baseball which they don't quote and a bogus numbers from muck muck could have told me at a twenty two share he would would have written it he'd have any idea come on my next time town baseball at a thirty year you'll see it in the paper don't read beach all don't read beach sounds like you yes how are you good uh... unbelievable call yesterday yeah i think she would have called you a damn bag if you were let her on another five minutes uh... people uh... this is good dianna but my fifth case throw out i'll better in a spruce some of these that that time stories because otherwise i'm not to put too much pressure on these bastards you know let's see we started with a call again last uh... Thursday i think and today's like on that eight days now too much these bastards they can handle it they went on a material after the first half hour thiana but their theft case throw out the case against former well but their Paul burrell has been dramatically thrown out of court in London after it's clear to state from the state of late princess dianna the cases cost two and a half million dollars u.s. burrell hugged his barrister lord carla carla jee is a q c and saw them control me when he realized the trial at all baili and under was being aborted today burrell found his wife Maria from the court from the teller and the news he said send a letter to Maria burrell 44 is the night charges steaming more than 300 of the princess's personal items after a death in a 97 peris car crash where less bird robber johnson told c and n jobs and wibbers name is the trial was held at one prosecution barrister wibblin boys told the judge misses rarit justice rapper d that burrell and informed queen list of the private conversation following dianna's death that he kept some of the princess's possessions for safe keeping so the queen knew about it but he just said back at the court and he said i think it's a bad idea my kind of good fricking queen not worse than a fricking queen w q a m a new i use okay question for you uh... from your pool i think you're leaving up a very important event that happened probably i guess about three years ago and that's dianna and jimmy okay good five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two and the forensic world of sline here's my amy hello w q a m you're on the air in my amy hello uh... yes sir uh... i'm a blue real and i would use like another you like to get you back straight i just want to say something when you mentioned call or butch abdian uh... what i mentioned i mentioned uh... just uh... when you call butch when you said to call butch and in regard to the uh... to the immigrant laugh when you said the Haitians you both twice uh... because of uh... his brother in uh... in watching the law because his brother in washing the lost correct so what are you speaking uh... i'm on the gulf you're uh... sounds like a good job i don't want to go ahead well you mentioned that uh... to change the lost in washing the remember that who changed the laws was your boy clinton to what during his watch he changed the last and and allow when people land touch a land there allowed to stay all the only cubans that's a cuban adjustment act of ninety four days that's the human that's the wed foot dry foot that is a lot of the real happens with people in china also when that they allow to come in here you want to know why common is the common is the hate is that i don't want to think you by the same thing yeah that's what i just said so why what is that what is that what is that what's that what's that what's that what's that have to do with hate the i know you don't want to be confused on the fact what is that happening with it what is that happening with it what is that sir i let you speak you want to remind you i'm in hang up because i'm glad to hang up what is that have to do with the bush policy that they very quietly last December slip through not telling anybody about it they still don't want to document it that says that Haitians are not going to be released in the community after they get here to be to be given their political asylum but that they kept it indefinite in ten uh... detention unlike any other refugees or even i've never been allowed that the Haitians i always been turned back on that they have been so me she'll say you are listening to what i just said they weren't turned back they were allowed to come up on sure under the watch by the way the coast guard and your administration your homeland security folks under the watch of this administration and homeland security which is making people all around the country like running a ball maybe under the ball if you think that we're safe okay my local we're sports video five sixty two a two a.m. budget back all on the country the work God, don't leave the country, don't leave the country what you be doing. Get me a precious blackhead, open the box of the hall. Give you today, because you are at home, but let me go. Give you to blackhead and to memory of this month. Does they like? Are you sure there's shoes under these hoods? All the way, you wash it off the whiteies' cars. Do you know, say he trust you, but don't leave you. Do they like the green or the moon? But then he make you clean all the whiteies' bathroom. The couple seems to toilet and then scrub the floor. They dare you, don't wear sandals, God, don't leave the old. Your coat, keep going, they'll make them all over the kitchen. You'll not be naked, but you slide it, people throw. If you'll be what you'd be, let go of this moon. When they while you be living fast, they'll be alive. That's the dream you just met your ester room. That's when your head will move from touch to touch. From the knee low, it's a bush and from here. They be crack or asshole. 10 or 12.5.60WCM happy Friday too. Well, I'll tell you this great kind of leaves of article that's been fast to me right now by one of our listeners, John and for my or thank you, John. Remember to hell, you guys? It's coming over, but God, it's a long, John, it's so freaking long you can't go to a zombie, but I'll still read it anyway. 102 votes on a poll, which you went to last 25 years, had the greatest negative impact on South Florida. Mary Alboatliff, Mary Lee Toez, don't get upset about it, unless you want to. 100, my Mary Alboatliff, 100 votes, 51%. The 2000 hanging chat election, 59, Hurricane Andrew, 15, Aleyon and Liberty City rights time for dead last with only 11. Way in the year we're in. Let's take a call or two and see if we continue with a great stuff we're getting, and then we'll read that. I'll read the article. Here's a Pembroke park, hello. Neil. Yes sir. Did I hear you correctly the other day and say that you gave up cigars? Yeah. Oh, damn. Sorry. Here's a pop at O'Beach. Neil. Yes sir. May you better be careful with that fox networker. They're going to pull out the real heavyweight and shepherd Smith, my call. Oh, I can't handle that. Or maybe that hard hitting Neil Kavuto. London, I ask you this. Do you think that shepherd Smith and what's the guy, uh, comes? Alan comes? Do you think they got off the same ship? I'll tell you both. Oh man. The Zard, they will play Aleyon. You want said that shepherd Smith used to work for Channel 7. He used to be right there in our park and a lot right behind IOD. He used to like wave and kind of like a, kind of a saggy wave when he walked by. Well, that explains a lot. Uh-huh. Well, apparently Rob Gough on him. I tell you what a food farm that was a Channel 7 man. Well, if that, if that lady up in New York wants to defend black people, why defend somebody who's a multi-multi millionaire and why not go and defend the disenfranchised black voters. Listen to this. What difference does it make what her opinion is? I didn't invite her to call it an show and then it give me a lecture about Condolese or about the administration. Uh-huh. The point I try to make to is that it's to at least at this point still some of our free country and I don't have to like Condolese or George W. John Askcroft, or any of these other wolf wits any of these other Nazis, Rumsfeld, I don't have to like them, which he doesn't seem to understand. She's giving me a lecture about, oh, but she's so educated, but it's a, it's a, plus it's a sad paradise of parody. And not about a humorless bitch. And if they had their way, she wouldn't be allowed to vote either. That's right. You better believe it. Okay. I'm going to go out and kiss a sparks or good morning. All right. See, uh-huh. Only on the cheek though, watch it. Condolese is nonsense about democracy, right? Chuckman, yellowtimes.org columnist is a Canadian website. How you doing, Trajon? How's it going, eh? Condolese or vice wants to bring in democracy to the Middle East. Misrice and Espera, what is now an obsolete subject to Soviet Union. Believes this could be done the way the United States brought democracy to Chile or Ranner Afghanistan that is violently overthrowing governments. There's democracy come from the full belly of a B-52 and the murderous aftermath of Cooze, apparently not. Virtually none of the countries that America's freedom-loving army of enlightenment has bombed and shot up over the last six to use, is today democracy. One is reminded of the claims of Napoleonic France that it was spreading revolutionary principles by conquest. The conquest part was vigorously pursued, but the liberate, agalate, effort-differenti-turnity part left a little something to be desired. Part of my French at sucks. Misrice displays the understanding of the history of democracy or the circumstances which make it possible. She's down alone in this. Former Secretary of State Madeline Albright's efforts on democracy initiatives displayed a similar understanding, although it must be said in this Albright's favor, she was less inclined than ever the hysterical misrice to classify unprovoked attack by the great powers and initiative for democracy. Democracy is simply a natural development of a healthy growing society, over the long-term or requires no revolution, no coup and no sacred rite. It grows and blooms as automatically as flower seeds tossed in a good patch of earth, although it's a plant whose maturity is measured in human lifetimes rather than seasons. The early United States will after its revolution was no more democracy than was the mother of the country. The growing authority of parliament had long limited the authority of Britain's monarchy, even that mighty ruler Elizabeth I, more than a century and a happy four George III and the American Revolution felt the limits of parliament closing in on her. George III, despite later American myths, was very much a constitutionally limited monarch for some time up to and during the revolution there were many prominent American colonists who felt that the machinations of the British parliament were thwarting the intention of the king and endangering the health of the empire. Even at that early time, people understood the elected government was just as capable of bad policy as a role one or an aristocratic one. Indeed, the genius of the British Unwritten Constitution was seen by most thoughtful American colonists as being in the way it combined the three forms of government to offset each other. The direct origin of the American concept of checks and balances by three branches of government. While the British franchise was then highly restricted, it was no less on the early US, it's estimated that maybe 1% of the population to devote an early Virginia with all the restrictions of age, sex, race and ownership or property. It's actually roughly 10% of people making decisions and contemporary common as China were about 60 million party members hold sway over 1.2 billion people. The American Revolution didn't produce anything resembling it a mock-resignorated later constitutional convention. It took about 200 years of growth and change in the US for that to happen. The powerful Senate enabled a block-elected president's appointments and treaties only changed from big and appointed body to elected 113. The Senate to this day uses undemocratic operating roles and bizarre election patterns to shield it against public opinion. The popular vote for president didn't matter originally apart from the fact that only a small number of males meeting property requirements could vote. The members of the Electoral College run from political elites where the ones whose votes actually counted. This absurdly out-of-date and anti-democratic institution still exists and it can cause serious problems as we saw in the erection of 2000. Women only got to vote in 1920. Blacks in the American South-old received an effective franchise a few decades ago. In some places like parts of Florida, recent elections suggest that methods may still operate to limit the franchise of blacks citizens. America has two parties sharing a quiz-eye monopoly on political power and they produce much the same effects in the body politic that quiz-eye monopolies produce in the marketplace. The two quiz-eye monopoly parties are financed to rate corrupt system of private donations. America is self-stil as a considerable way to go along the path to democracy. Yet Americans generally believe that their revolution in constitutional convention created a full blow democracy in your perfect system of government right from the start. Perhaps this explains the blind faith that people like Ms. Rice, Condolisa, and thinking that if you can just have a big war or coup somewhere, you can create a democracy. Democracy comes gradually because it represents a massive social change that affects all relationships in society. The Chief Driving Fortory democracies, the emergence of a strong middle class, whose members have too much at stake to leave decisions to a king or group of aristocrats. The size of the middle class expands by steady economic growth. In the West, this process of change has preceded steadily since the Renaissance and the rise of science and applied technology with variations in the pattern of individual countries reflecting adjustments to peculiarities of local culture in various civil wars and varying ways of economic change. Many of these societies America looks as scancet in the world today, make no progress toward democracy because they make little progress in any kind, especially economic progress. Static societies with little or no economic growth are ones where ancient customs and social relationships do not change, where kings or warlords rule this as they did thousands of years ago in early societies. Economic growth is like a magical solvent that begins to road old relationships and given enough of it over considerable period of time, it erodes old ways of governing completely. This process is observable with in regions of a country. The American South was remarkably backward and static for a good part of the 20th century, but the shift of business and middle class population to the Sun Belt during the middle of the century brought some money. The century brought some rapid change, Ergo de Phenomenon known as the New South. It has been said that if in the wake of 911 the United States truly had wanted to battle for democracy and human rights, it would have dropped dollar bills rather than bombs on Afghanistan. That of course is an exaggeration, but it contains important truth. The US could make a genuine contribution to the spread of democracy where to focus its attention on the economics of the world more backward places. It might start with some generosity and foreign aid. The US is the stingiest of all advanced countries and giving economic assistance to poor countries, giving it an annual rate of 1 tenth of 1% of its GDP. Reducing we're doing away with American agricultural subsidies then impoverished third world farmers would also be a great help, so with the tariff and on tariff barriers that the US uses against many products from the struggling countries. Paying its dues to the UN and ending its childish carping about that important institution would help since UN agencies perform many valuable services for the world's children, its refugees and international cooperation and understanding. In general, concerned for democracy calls for the US to start behaving more like a responsible neighbor in the international community and rather less like an 18th century French aristocrat who barely notices as his carriage stumps over the body of whoever happens to be in its path. Written by John Chuckman and Candace, John Chuckman is a former chief economist for a large Canadian oil company. He has many interests in his lifelong student history. I bet you're not Chevron. He would be picking on poor condolese, that Chevron moole. Good calm. Thank you very much, John. However you are. 11 past 10 at 5.60 WQA and we got the mad dog coming up on a clock that big game on Monday night baby and feel anxious smell of pressure. I hear mad dog yesterday ran a lot about well, he's got the bad knee bread bar by me. The so-way had no division. Kind of like suggesting they should sit him out. You know, what about when he's out sitting about? That's what happened? You think? No chance. No chance. No chance. I'll be ugly. Can't be really ugly. That high school quarterback in Orelukus? Hmm. He's going to be crapping his pants before the game and then once the game starts. Uh-oh. Maybe better loan a most bang. Hey, speaking of all we all have different lifestyles and there are four we need different things to make us our health the best. Only a men Mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of pharmaceutical grade, olive who well, combined with lots of other good things they're in there. And I don't suggest you bite open the capsule to check them out, but they're in there. Vitamins, minerals, orables take my word for it. And I'm going to give you a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little little bit of an old-school, old, old-school but of local experience as well. you best 16 at 560 WQM we got to call allegedly from New York hello good morning yes sir Neil God this isn't the avoiding guys yeah this what I tell you oh my product now yes oh that's okay to next back listen for what it's worth the CNN posters the analysts they're analyzing it the poll too they have jet-winning by an excess of five points I don't know where they get that number from but that's what they say yeah in that case you have my sympathies a by the way yes I do an unbelievable frank pantageli okay good well uh call him to it sometime what I've said did I tell you during the break I said the Carlos has said I could I look at the screen here it's in New York I said it's either a crank set of call from New York with a foxcraft that was going on or it's the uh it really in guy and it was the it'd be maybe maybe you're in guy I mean he's a good guy but boy talk about chronic I don't know if I was in New York it seems to me I'd have you know more productive things to be doing and like you know sitting around calling the show which we appreciate his loyalty and his a patronage etc and so on especially at least he's like out of an IQ larger than his thumb which you know because it's coming from New York it's probably a better call than we get from down here which is not a nightmare of the call is here is it yeah yes yes it is man see I don't think that you know it makes for great theater and great radio and great drama and it's exciting and screaming a l but I don't think you understand what happened here yesterday okay I don't think a lot of you people understand what this is all about what's going on in this country that's why the countries in the shape that it is right now is too many stupid people out there living with blinders on in Lala land dumb like Fredo not smart like us dumb like Fredo who'd say too many hell Mary's when he go fishing look at having him huh but I've been and by the way Mad Dog here's our superbowling rhymes with but I'm being see you stick to your team worry about them okay don't worry about the guy damn patriots we got our problems big problems but you worry about your own team okay suck pretty bad they're against buffalo against a marginal girls team anyway what happened here yesterday was at a disgrace people calling from the outside who now knows who put these assholes up to this and it's not really important at this point although we have a pretty good idea but nevertheless calling here to give me a song to dance about well how dare you be a planer do I why are you doing it because we feel like it because it's my god damn radio show it's a radio station in Miami Florida and if you're looking to strip a bunch of goddamn racial hate last night by the way and a handy in a cool show whatever the hell that thing is that's what they were talking about so that that's obviously the point that the right wing fascist news that we're just trying to make all you black folks don't find in these liberals man that's the whole thing with us that Andrew I'm a self-hating fact solubin column in his website you can look up if you want that's what it's all about doesn't mention my name but just makes reference to that white the talk host in Florida oh yeah all these liberals they're racist well I got news for I okay all my dark friends out there if you got a choose between all of us limousine liberals and these fascists and not much of a choice not much of a choice pathetic like they're fooling somebody all those is effort to keep them home on to because they're scared crapless that have a whole in enormous bunch of dark folks of odontus they and it's gonna be a lot more difficult to disenfranchise them this time than it was two years ago that they could tilt the not just here in Florida but other places as well like in South Carolina and our Kansas places like that other Yahoo places 560 560 palm 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line give me a sign of a give give me a primer about condolese and how bright she's I don't care she's got an IQ a 700 okay she's the house negro that's what she is nothing more nothing less she's about as heavy as a goddamn uh feather talk about lightweight she to call her lightweight will be an insult to every lightweight that's ever been born you're only thing lighter than her talents are skin color and that's the reason that she's in there oh that's right you didn't see them point after he after he retired from the congress you didn't see them you're gonna appoint J.C. what in there did ya? no no way we already had one what he was a disaster let's put Bill Tanriner he and go around saying what he can do that real good and all the things too here's a lady in plantation hello hi yes man hey meal you're getting me all worked up here good I missed yesterday's show I'm sorry but I'll play it again at the 10 30 oh my god listen what do you think about woman what to talk about all the um why doesn't she go after Saturday night life for everything they did to Janet Reno and the best part of that to show you that at least Janet Reno had a sense of humor show you went on the show I know she went on the show and played right along with it I know this is great um I just want to say something about um the way that the country's in right now and and I think it's at to me everything is political I mean to I'm talking about what you should I wear this morning oh wait let's take a poll what kind of ties should I have let's take a poll oh wait oh seriously things like stencil research he has to go after religious right what they think before he can make a policy yeah you don't say what they can be between a religious right in the NRA man that's what runs his cookie and I oh speaking of the NRA are we any safer now than we were before 911 why doesn't anybody talk about our borders yeah why does anybody talk about our nuclear facility and let me ask you this question wouldn't you think after what happened here a few days ago when they bought what they hate the country and today they got this big story in the sun sent about how they had a builder on rickett like Noah and the art they built their rickettie arc and they came over like we're supposed to feel sorry for this if we can't control our borders them what what's all this dog and pony show about whole-line security but me and nobody's listening now they don't think nobody's listening do you know how many times I've tried to write to and call Jeb Bush just about the nuclear facility I want to know who's guarding them do we still have those renticops you know oh you know hey the people I you see in the at the condocando command when it was a little there again I was like I know we can't they go in the guard turkey point that's right no no but everything from oil you know and the thought is it's not a matter of fact I don't know if you saw it on Monday there was a story on channel four news which I couldn't find in any newspaper Tuesday about the six people they intercepted or they didn't catch him six people in a van it was a white van again by the way who tried to get it in the nuclear point about the turkey point the nuclear plant did you see that yeah and it never made the newspapers we never made one more word about it and by the big that was the end of that store was on channel four news Monday ever after the end of a lot of stories I mean a couple years ago when they stopped those guys in the Midwest and they had the map of turkey point right we never heard about that just like those buses that were being hijacked now but I don't understand we got a president that's doing more fundraisers he's always in a fundraiser right I mean they're shootings in in Washington and he's in a fundraiser you know we're a war he's at a fundraiser now Dick Kaney he's at a fundraiser now but let me tell you something else about political why can't the farmers in the Midwest who want to make money selling the grain to Cuba are we going to let one small tiny group of people dictate the whole U.S. policy that has nothing to do with self-plored us well never you know you can answer your questions yes they already are but it's the same thing about Ilyan why can't people have the nerve to step forward and say these are the laws of the United States government we have to be consistent this is the way we've all been I don't want to slide kids like this thing with a Vatican like a cannonlaw well we don't care what to do laws of the country are we make up our own laws as big of a long and that's why it is with the this old Cuban na mafia that we have here in South Florida they make up their own god damn rules they go along well the America well that should be for the good of the American people yeah but you're in Broward County okay you're not in date County is stopping being America long time ago but with this a minister for years not just Cuba think about the Muslim population of Michigan they're going to dictate the policy now you know those guys that that closed down the whole strip of because they made those jokes to piss off that woman yeah you know they really want to get a riled up nothing's gonna happen to them because it's politically incorrect right now to do anything to a Muslim but the guy who got fired for the anthrax thing with the sweet love he's helped a lot to stop right and I'll tell you something else the mood of the country it's too bad because nobody will stand up you we just lost Paul well stone this is a guy who stood up for his principles no matter what anybody thought or no matter if it was politically correct or incorrect I know you didn't like Bill Marb Bill Marb I don't Bill Marb I got put up the air because it was politically incorrect to say he said the work nigger on his show many times yeah and he also get criticism yeah I know he asked you something well we know why you got knocked off here because of his grotesque comments about at least the high jackers have got said that was that was unacceptable but and you know he had a right to say but they all got right to lose the show over it sure absolutely because the sponsors all build out and I mean if you're gonna say things that outrageous say you're gonna lose all your support and you're gonna want to be it off the air that's what happens that's the that's the economic reality okay when it comes to our state but let me ask you this if he used the word nigger many times because I never watched that show I hated it but but if he used the word nigger at the time how come how come I had there from fox wasn't calling him being all over his eyes he had the guy on the show there on the book right and and you'll notice she didn't she didn't know who won't want to hear the call you know she doesn't know who that is the guy the wrote a book what she she she's she's not no because she claims he was never on fox or she don't know about it don't confuse it with the fact okay she's just a flucky producer okay one more thing yes terrorist I mean now if we're so concerned okay come but I was trying to get out of it why everything is so political one sorry I haven't talked to you for a long time and I miss it when John asked for a step before the Senate he said oh you guys are all you know you're with us are against it you're not being very patriotic but then when he was asked he said the FBI wants a list of the people who bought guns at the gun shows in Michigan to see if any of the terrorists were on the list all of a sudden it was on patriotic to go after the NRA what I'm saying is just like you the oil companies the religious right whoever it is that's got bushes here they are controlling everything and it doesn't matter what we think at all and they have no pickles on the side of the democrats we have no time delays we have nobody to go bang on doors we have nobody who's gonna go after him because it's you know they're all scared they're all scared vote about four times on two they just make sure anybody in the democratic party that stands up like trend lot in time delay with their fifths in the air and tax everybody nobody to camera came along he said we unlike you but we ought to give an honesty to all these uh ten million people are whatever it is in the country that's a kind of crap we get from the democrats so we're screwed have a great weekend just to forget about how don't have a bed okay i'll see you 10 27 and 560 crawling to the bed okay because we want to let everybody in dick abhard just another guy he thinks he's gonna be president somebody he's got a chance no thank goodness i'd rather see Hillary in there than the dick abhard and i'd rather cut off both my ankles than have sweltering in there oh don't be making fun of sweltering now this is 430560 oh i don't know where it is about now why little voices or their thin nose is those goofy hearts tiny little meckles i don't know they just lit us rub me the wrong way and i shot the test of lips and every speech of the regips it's in the news Hillary hates you steewy hatred through the hostustin people's months of all since in the news Hillary hates you you won't catch her like an amonora you're on she must have a wonderful war on when she speaks i want a crunchy good use of good rap i get since the news all the Hillary hates you Heather from Fox News hi Neil how are you i'm okay i think but thanks for taking her call we've been trying to reach you for the past couple days trying to reach me you've called people i haven't been invented yet you called dead relativism mine what's the story Heather we're working on a story about the city you're promoting on your website that's called kissas i won't say it and word good morning Heather are you listening to the show i guess i am i've been listening to past couple days and just see what we're going to do did you hear me go through the entire uh... rationale what that that's song had nothing to do with kind of these arise uh-huh what about the song kind of leaves a kind of leaves uh- that has that that was obviously about kind of the reason yes i don't know why you're why you're playing this on your show no i see i'd like to know why and that this is really interesting why are you calling me asking me why should play this we make we have some periods about built-in dozens of them nobody ever complained about that we have some periods about allegory dozens of them nobody ever complained about those uh-huh and uh- African american folks up here here in the europe or pretty offended by it but you know what we meant let me say this to you caret we're not in new york uh-huh okay we don't broadcast in the europe rw qm in my amy and and the fact of the matter is that unless except for people like you and the people at uh-that right wing news max dot comma one of the kubik's image about this if or for that they wouldn't even be aware that we exist you know there's a lot this organization that's uh- offended by it is a national organization but the fact of the matter is we've been playing these songs for many many many months we've never had one single complaint and when interlopers like you from outside like from fox news or from some right wing website want to tell us what i mean for you to ask me how come you're playing that because we want to play it it's called comedy that's what it's called you have a sense of humor do you think it's funny the call of the call kind of leaves a rye in and it's in a d-in a d-in a d-in a d-in a d-in while Harry bellafond he called her the house negro caseable call of whatever we want but that's a little bit different i mean no it's not a-it's not a-it's not the least bit different she is the house negro see you people at fox may not understand this not everybody in the world is a right winger like rupert Murdoch there actually are those of us who are progressive or moderate liberal whatever we are who also have the right to speak to express whatever it'll be one so it's a what we're we're doing what you do for me there you think she is a what she's the house negro uh-huh and you don't find anything wrong with that uh-huh what do you mean wrong with that it's a fact that's my opinion in my title of my apartment you're you're certainly a part of your opinion and that's basically that's basically what Harry Bellafond he said is well it's obvious this is why nobody returned your calls whatever your name is because we knew that you were trying to stir up a bunch of crap and take something out of context when i asked you yeah did you listen did you listen did you listen did we not we're not doing it in plan we're not doing it in a row you feel okay it's my show and i'm not gonna have you scream over me you're trying to talk me okay it's not gonna work okay uh you know i asked you in the beginning of the conversation which i was very calm and i asked you did you hear me explain the origin of that song the rest of two is in song the fact of the matter is and i don't i'm sure he must have been on your channel randal Kennedy the black guy author who wrote the book nigger the strange career of a troublesome word not that i'm a word well he was certainly on cnn he was on ms and bc maybe it was on fox because he wasn't out i don't know maybe just didn't weren't aware of it you know are you are you aware of that book you portray yourself to be this sort of liberal voice but yet your man i don't portray i don't put labels on me i'm i'm for example okay what what would you call your fuffin i call myself a human being you see you people on fox it's this old liberal and a conservative that stuff on out with high-button shoes of all i'm making living in between in addition to why do i have to add Miami florida answered to some assholes in new york on fox news how i do my show what is it your business there are a lot of people who can there are people in Miami they care about this too who are they you're calling who are they name me one person Miami is concerned about it we know down there certainly and i'm name me one name me one it's offensive one me one me one of the very high i don't know what you say we don't like how nice they okay we're calling or whatever we feel like calling or she's a public god damn figure so the best one i'm your right girl and you and Bill and by way a rabbit and next a number just come down okay two heels in stereo anyway uh beast and lose any way this week i got news for you but i'm not let that happen again next week because if it does then Troy's gonna cut off your water and your food too and your little black sack but he stayed the same 226 he's lost 58 pounds got like a shirt and a real tie on today looks all look like a little business man almost you know well like a fat business man like a fat you business man from um by the way there are only six touchdown favorites see i was asking somebody this morning why do they play those games what what's the point why can't record just forfeit nobody gets hurt that way you know six touchdown favorite why see this is what happens okay all you nerds out there you sports there with these teams oh we're gonna kick some ass yeah little girls teams okay at least i admit it to make believes last i think it would be that land of trashers and other girls team after uh hang on for a tie a freaking overtime tie right there in Toronto with the scare Canada center and they're scary all right that herky jerky loom man i could put him on a slow boat back where he came from anyway so some of the you know where i think this came from i don't know who fast knew this this thing that Heather knew or that's her name a little Heather that we just heard again we'll play it again later about 10 12 times it's long kills him good time Heather and NAUERT knew or it knew it you're the Fox News channel as a new York baseball spot in 2001 after receiving your master's degree in journalism from calava university well excuse me Heather i'm impressed not in 1998 he became a Washington DC based Fox News contributor coming on politics and domestic policy during that time she worked as a government affairs council representative corporations and trade groups before congress who worked focused on health care and social security issues Heather's media work started in Washington 1992 as a host and producer for former WFTY TV's weekly program young country later she was a business reporter for first business a syndicated business news show this must have come from them because it was followed up by a bio on condolese uh so now she's she's got her eye on condolese maybe she'd like to do condolese maybe that's what it is because she takes it very personal and uptight so to speak part of that expression that we had the god to be called condolese all of these things you don't say we're gonna continue doing the show the way we've always done the show Heather we're in my enemy and i'll tell you New York radio must be really really bad for you to have to be listening to a goddamn show on the internet here my me in fact ask the uh a brilliant guy he'll probably agree with you that once Howard goes off at a morning believe me I don't even want to go into that you know what's in you know old Howard on the mad dog or the angry puppy wrong Howard a fishy family triangle here's a news journal editor from Daytona Beach yesterday Neil bush igniting profits in the fcat market Neil bush haha it's a triangle of backscratching geometry only the first family could pull off president bush signs in law federal requirement that forces states to rely on standardized testing the measure school achievement governor bush makes standardized testing a centerpiece of florida's a plus plan a skin that turns students into cash cows for their schools if they perform well in a florida comprehensive assessment test the fcat and youngest brother Neil bush pedals computer software decided to help students study for the fcat at thirty bucks per student talk about a windfall for a prodigal bush until recently Neil bush have been kept out of family photo offices involvement in the 1.3 billion dollar failure of his Colorado savings loan association in 1988 the failure of civil auto banking savings alone was one of the most notorious examples of the SNL collapse of the eighties and SNL regulatory agency found bush to have engaged in multiple conflicts of interest while director itself a rato the industry bail out eventually caused taxpayers 1.4 trillion dollars so a beacon of ethical conduct Neil bush isn't the surprise of release the latest twist in a history of bush conceits is that Neil's powerful brothers are living in so candidly trying to let their policies with their with his venture as its founder and c.a.a.o. Neil bush started Texas based ignite in three years ago swiftly raising $7.1 million from 53 investors in 2000 loan and so far earning them at least 20 million using such devices as rap songs to teach kids about the funding fathers fractal medicine washing in a lot of cats who used to be cut in a congress way back we could sing it ignite is developed a middle school curriculum heavy on the use of technology and such gimmick review p.r. tactics is empowering students to learn according their own aptitude we give students a sense of control over their own education by offering choices about how they learn he said whether a guy is effective is not the we at the point the company is too young and it's products to green to judge the question is how the company's product ended up being used as part of a state funded experiment in efficiency at a co-e-middle school in the Orlando area the school has received millions of dollars in state grants for the study not counting the night software being used there for free if Neil bush needed a foot and floor to his door he got it so readily that ignite is not being marketed as schools across the state the herald reported this week that the Florida Department of Education could find no indication that ignite had approached the state about its product or that the governor had talked to his brother about the business maybe not but it smells more than little fishy to use three words that Neil bush famously used before a congressional committee 12 years ago to describe his own grayish business transaction that silver auto as bush triangles go this one's angles are more wrinkling than right not only are the schools be made ever more dependent on the fcat strings but the bush is whatever their self-absorbing assurances about a meds floor to foothold seem oblivious of this latest most profitable conflict of interest editorial yesterday's the tone of beach news journal how do you like that huh very good can't complain about their ethics you wanted to why because they don't have it here you there is a girl- in veux Her old head weighs a ton and she's living with the women at the funny play toys in the house of the ladies. Hello George. I have not paid and Rose is girlfriend who's pregnant right now. I guess she just only got laid. There is a girl with pet stop, why jeans? And her chain or she's become... And she goes by the name of Rosie O'Dee in the house of the ladies. It's time to get it on! I don't even blame them. Look where they are. I wish you all these people in your first came here. They were like rocket scientists. And now they've been here long enough. They're brain-frying to son. They're surrounded by a bunch of moonlib like that. And it rubs off. So, Rose, losing it, huh? I'm sorry. Here's a fact from Big Al. That's the scuttle but around her building is that Rose right on his. So don't be picking on my good buddy, Mo. We better start bonding with him. Because I don't want to see him like go off the deep end. Although he did leave his depends. Like right outside the door of the screen. We forgot to take him. Or is that just his bag? Well, that day that his bag busted open. That was unbelievable. And then he made the beast clean enough. That was the worst part. Ah! Can't stand it! Oh my god. If there's a butt I smell that here. Okay, Mo. Go home. Have a nice weekend. Relax for that big game on Monday. Don't freeze your, uh, no freeze your telhozov Monday either there. Going to be cold and Helen Green Bay, you know. So, Ricky Williams is what? So, here's this fast from Big Al. That says today's poll question you've lived here bush really cares about what the education budget is. Well, that's really not today's poll question, but that's what Big Al says. What's out some interesting things like? Bush, GOP economic policy, scale flow to families. Do friends and families still need a good reason to vote democratic November 5. Here's how Republican economic policies of Earth Florida. 106,000 foreign to Florida workers have lost their jobs since Bush their coffers. 107,100 Florida workers, major losing unemployment benefits. 7.7 billion for a 1K benefit, lost by Florida workers. 415 million lost in the Florida state pension fund who decorporate scandals. 17.5, the percentage of Florida's population currently would no health insurance. What's more, Bush has presided over a 94% decline in the federal budget surplus. That's 5.3 trillion gone on less than 2 years. Jim Bush's administration allowed mutual fund managers that were contributors to his campaign, continued to mismanage funds for nearly 2 years before filing this missing them. The Republican says it increased the education budget by 3 billion dollars. The fact is the first year the budget was decreased by 1.5% the second year by another 1%. The fact is over 4 years in the term of real dollars after fact we're spending about the same. Even though we have more tax revenue than we had 4 years ago, the actual percentage of the education budget actually takes up is less. The best part is even though as brother the education president of the White House can correct the inequity. Florida still lives behind in per capita federal funding for education. In fact 80% of all states get better education funding from the federal government than Florida does. High school in Jeb. You got to call up your brother as Karen Meek was asking the other day you're going to call him up. No. Several times he's placed the veto on funding for the inner city after the school education programs in Dave County. He vetoed other inner city funding programs that educational pursuits. Right now Florida ranks 49th in high school graduation rate and 44th in the country in SAT scores. Lovely. Well thank you Jim Bush for improving Florida's education system. Imagine we finished a 6 states in the SATs and it was actually once they were the worst graduation rate we're doing. How do you like that? Thanks for your help. Good point. And then guess what I saved. I saved a article from way back on October 16 from the Sun sent. By Steve Goldstein not guilty. Not that Steve Goldstein. What? Steve and now Goldstein the Sun sent. Who says Wackback on November 5 and he's got 24 reasons to vote against seboxon Tuesday. I'm just going to read these again. This is a reminder a little while. Just as a reminder not that I'm going to have any great impact. Don't get all nervous. They're okay. And all you right wingers up there at fascist news network. Don't get all paranoid and psychotic. 319 votes on the pool. What have ended last 25 years has had the greatest negative impact on South Florida. Mary, you know what we forgot to put on there? What? Mo coming to town. Oh we better ran that on there Eric. That needs to be the sixth choice kind of even in that we don't have enough choices. I don't like the polls where we have limited choices. Oh how are the rivals in Miami? Don't you think that mirrors being on there? Oh that's right. Don't say anything. Don't say he won't bond with you in the hall. If you can on his bad side. Now what was so funny about that bag break and I thought it was disgusting myself? Here's a highly hello. Yes sir. You mentioned a bag. chronic. Oh. That we've stolen. Oh. You've heard all your little friends talk and I say something. How big are you? You've heard all your little friends call up and talk and I say something. My liberal friends. You're chronic. I've got nothing to do with what you're going to say. You're just chronic. Well you can handle your voice. You've got a creepy voice. Can't not. Doesn't he have a creepy voice? Oh my skin is crawling. I feel like I got like a red ants. Maybe it was the drugs. That peony left in here. It's nothing to do with what you want to say. It's just you. You know I mean have somebody else called say. Write it down. Fives and by the way how long did I leave that bitch on here yesterday? It was given me a bunch of crap. She was on there for like five minutes. I don't give me this garbage about I only let people talk who agree. That's bull crap. I just don't like cronics. I don't want no crime. This goes Rebecca taking calls again. I want to think I'm guarding again is cronics like that asshole Dennis that called me as they had a dump him for his in temper remark. Get some mental help. Okay Dennis before you hang out with you. And Dennis had a great time last night. He went out trick and treat him with his boyfriend. For Halloweenie. You said he liked the trick part. Here is my me. Hello. The meal. Napoli. And yeah you know why I said we should do the relationship. Ah. Too many greasers here today man. Here's Palm Beach. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Could you answer a question. Who was the house negro for Clinton? Did he have any blacks around him besides Miss Betty Curry? He was surrounded by black buildings. Where is this bill? Where is his office? Where is his office? He had more blacks and minorities in his administration than anybody else in his drama. I'm going to sit here waiting for him to give you an education. What the hell? And by the way, Bill Clinton ate on the ballot. And he there is George W. Where I say always tried to divert. I've worked. I've liked you know. To see this one was worse not true. More minorities than any president in history served in Clinton's two attempts. That's not a debatable fact. And you can scream and you can how are you going to open a ship. You're one of those assholes you can't they don't confuse this guy with its facts. Okay. Because they're very dangerous. The facts are very dangerous. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's South Miami. Hey good morning Neil. Yes sir. I got a follow that traffic. You should be easy. Anyway man. First time I heard that new bit you have on the with a mo and a ronding and a guilty. Yes. What a guy I'm going to crash my new truck into a wall. Okay. I played it for several people who are yesterday after the show and her day. I thought Hank was going to have a stroke. I said it's a bit kick out of the way. He loves him. Quite. But you know. I'm not finally he was laughing so loud you could hear it next door. Anyway, real quick. I did my good deed for the vote on Tuesday. Yeah. We come by mom's house. He has four elderly neighbors that mail in their ballads. Of course being Cuban. Guess what they want to vote for. But guess who filled in the the paper. Oh right. I don't know if they're actually nice. Don't know what I mean. Yeah. We got four on our segment. Yeah. See if we can do it to pay back. I could get it over for that right. Hey. We're tracing the call right now. Then we're going to turn over to Heather at the fastest news network. He says, you know what you're messing up with. I mean I laid it called you a while ago talking about our old guy and she said, I don't know. Well Francisco Aruca. Remember that bit? Yeah. It sounds like her maybe it is the same thing. Right. If you hang on just one second, she's we're in hellish. She's she's. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. A meal real quick. I know you got to go. Man that she's a bomb. He called several awards on life to be the night. I almost fished my paddle. Yeah. He is. He is. He is. He is. He's in more ways than one. I'm a great day. See. He called Jimmy several a while. Pussy. Wow. He's a pretty good guy. But he's. He's. Here's a West Palm Beach. Hello. Yeah. Neil. That was awesome. This conversation with Heather. She's. She's a hotty. I've seen her on the on the on the network. There's a lot of me. I get something. And she got a show. I thought she was a producer. She's got her own show. She's. She's one of their reporters. She used to appear. She was going to actually she was going to journalism school at Columbia at the same time. And then who? He actually would go to Colorado. When she saw Rollett Heavy about that orange drug pancake makeup. orange or a pancake make up you know she's just your typical kind of like really what I'm trying to say is that everybody who appears on Fox News that were cast a were like about 14 layers of orange pancake you want to adjust the contrast to the the hew on your TV set and of course then you turn to one of the channel and you realize it's not your set but the reason I really wanted to call though is with the election only like four days away I want to make sure that you discuss this attorney general candidate who's running on the Republican ticket yeah the guy who flunked the bar like four or four times the bummer than law school and in Alabama he hasn't got a time in the sense well he's ahead in every book he is ahead in the polls he's ahead in every poll because nobody knows anything about him or the other guy he just has these he has these commercials he talks about he's going to be the one to see how he's going to be the one to see on the right and you know the other guy nobody really knows about him but I mean you compare with the attorney general in the York spits are going after all the corporations and this guy is one to bar three or four times and basically is a total empty suit and you're going to be the attorney general for a lot of things pretty funny yeah well far for the course after body body body body body body body worth I mean what can you expect you know and the news the new slogan body body body is going to be out there in the cruise ships not going to not going to slot machines into the ocean the new slogan for the state of Florida or new motto whatever thank God for Mississippi okay alright sick care Mississippi's number fifty we're number forty nine alright so thank god there's a miss a pip pip right and need a treat to beat your feet on the Mississippi mind you the banana republic baby only in my amo now no well bus daughter of Florida governor jib bush records her first page from her prison audio diary I cannot believe that pompous egotistical judge actually sent his need to jail me to jail hello do you see my last name on the documents bush by the time my dad jab gets none with him he won't be able to scratch his fingers without the heat coming down on him he won't even be able to get an internship with bird the black bailiff from judge Judy I wonder if the prison pharmacy looks at my scruffers and they better maybe it wasn't such a good idea to watch all that crack in my monoloblanics I should have stood the junk in the trunk if you know what I mean I got 10 days in jail and my boo's pound cousin you can't keep his own flesh and blood out of jail oh did I say that I didn't mean that anyway I got to go we got a big in my heart to carry going in the record so I say that I didn't mean that love it until it five sixty to two a.m. in fact one of the first appointees and of course and she got reer wrote in the knockout of the right wingers member uh... jocelyn jocelyn elders the first two is the uh... head of the h.h.s. poor jocelyn jocelyn jocelyn jocelyn jocelyn jocelyn two radical over the right wing and they like counted her ass out her black ass out so I'll give me the solid answer about what I wouldn't have couldn't who is his house negro yeah right and who is this buddy that was always paying golf with making those a sexist comments about real dark black archi boy isn't something I can't remember his name. yeah that they asked him what do you guys talk about when you and he said you know we don't talk about world affairs all we talk about his c. but that was his name I can't believe I can't remember him real dark guy anyway somebody will call in. three hundred and forty uh... what is it on most already got two votes he just went on their three hundred and fifty two votes. what have ended last twenty five years had a greatest negative impact on south fortah more how are comes to town two. Liberty city rights fourteen alien twenty two small potatoes and thirty three the two thousand eighty-channel ninety seven and the maria bullet is a wooden big time hundred eighty four. what do you what do you want what he's smoking about. if i don't find people of coal here because of the circus. you're a maria little. oh no so so why is it your people. uh... people don't say your people okay don't in the lot of your people be very upset to have you say that don't lump them in with the maria to uh... rivals because a lot of those people as i said yesterday were some of the worst hard and criminals from uh... casher was prisons and not houses the worst of their people's the worst of your people's views. okay don't forget to join my card's lemonade. Mike's hards lemonade to now say that everything. oh and you know whose wife was on my side of the talking and i think we kind of chink. who. uh... the musimae. the white uh... puggie blot more she's a foul mouth bitch you know what. what they like blie ber and stuff no but i mean she's she's a she didn't say anything over the line but pretty close to it i mean she's got a big mouth. big blonde bucksome. fat. join marks hard lemonade and jocos to the days from three to five at the public so hit on north west 120 street in the skin bullbid north by me stop by the one crappy q and prizes but you can register when tickets to the big race sponsored by uh... uh... uh... can't say that either because we don't want to get the people at my smart lemonade upset we don't want to say. i'll just go. why's your okay. or is it better go but. five six seven oh five sixty San Francisco this couldn't be real hello. morning meal how are you okay. we're good afternoon in your part of the world i think. Clinton's black friend was Jordan somebody and don't forget domicilala told everybody to give it a tug instead of having premarital no that was uh... jocelyn elders okay dot is your little is very white and she's at the u of m and a dich but anyway now jordan uh... and Jordan thank you i mixed up my crony's there's either michael jordan and jordan one of the number twenty three of the are you aware that condolete the rights has her own oil tanker named after her when surprised me um she was a big shiver on board of directors and i know that's why i don't buy gas at shiver big company out here uh... also with stanford and she's kind of the post to chow for hitting the glass ceiling uh... you couldn't want more of the republican to be on the board of directors of shabron and to be a plan in the white house for no company right i want to tell you that the president vice president don't have those all connections thank god for that on the clean they had no conflict of interest there right uh... they're all for hydrogen and alternative fuel absolutely i want to tell you the double standard about uh... the end word i get a lot of emails from younger people that i work with and you know they start and apostrophe and i g g a nigga money and i mean i can get the term of indermint i mean not myself i'm a heterosexual christ killer so i don't know why they're calling me their nigga but i guess i'm happy to be held in a little higher a scene also you know that we're so Asian here in San Francisco over forty percent all the little chinese kids when they see a white kid go by the bus stop yeah pay vanilla bitch really oh yeah vanilla day call you back yes and as the first time i've heard it in my life vanilla bit yeah well you know trends start in california go east has arrived in tewaria because we got a zillion uh... Asian people are down a lot of flavor of bitches in tewaranta oh yeah we we we're long on vanilla bitches here but we're in the minority i'll be down that's the way to turn around and call the chinese kid hey chica which is your son he's so we got vanilla bitches in chicas you're right and uh... the world start soon and in closing you will have you and he had her gargle me babe okay yeah great call from tantris go out he like that yeah has it enough to find you okay your routine that you put on here yesterday first of all that lying routine about well we want to do a story about you was great ratings now he's dominated that market all these year give it up to uh... who do you talk in the dav haven she said that to don't be called here line to our producers okay to try to get my home phone number and bug me okay and the good news is i only had three uh... solicitation goes yesterday get better i started to try the star uh... sixty nine or whatever this and what is star sixty nine besides what you obviously have in mind what is that star sixty nine uh... let's your phone call back the last number they call you but what's the one that's like the call block star sixty seven star sixty seven so if you call somebody that blocks the call ID right follow him saying start your sure that yeah because i've there at times i wanted to do that you know could use the star sixty seven but i didn't want to like have them see my phone number call call right in right star sixty seven way for the dial tone and then dial and try to be a great way for me to i'm not gonna do this weekend i think is it so boring here we're just gonna six at home and make cranko no i've taken them for twenty six years here i'm gonna make cranko all weekend just going to go up and down the phone book little payback yeah star sixty seven and in fact i'm gonna call out that guy in highly of before that creepy voice oh my my skin is still crawling from him he could be a very nice guy's been listening for a long time but your voice it's just oh whoo i'm serious i got the chills just thinking about him here's uh... lady from bokeh hello hi new yes man oh my goodness like you've been talking to i've been listening to you for six years all right and i think you're wonderful for a register of the public and but you know what did you know that you were on tv last night no you were on john kipson oh john gets in the wall there was a number they were sitting there they were both talking to you know something it tells me what a big audience john gives in show as you're in talk is you're the first person to say anything about it so cute yeah showed the q a m studio wow world how did they get that from i don't know but it has a bunch of trees in front of it like a three story building yeah and uh... they were talking about you and they uh... from nervous and they just were so you know saying racist and they also they printed part of the words yeah and the condolences on and for sparks are they put on sports shorts yeah i want to some or camp of the kid named gresh work he was pretty good but you were on tv at about five forty five last night and i was at albidin i would never watch on gifts in the almost a booted him off ms and bc i stopped i forgot about it the only reason i was a j crap yeah the only reason i watched it is because i wanted to see if they were going to mention you and they did so how long was this peace on but ten minutes ten minutes and had her when she first came on she shook her head and she said yeah boy i talked to him and she was shaking her head like you were real something yeah and she looks well she's a bimbo so so what was the quest that i'm a racist side of a bitch in the here we are q a m and he's the underneath it said racist radio and um how you know how wrong it is like i would you know kind of like real quick but um because we were doing other things but yeah it said racist radio and how these people down here you know they put stuff like that on um but you were on and they had your picture you look pretty good i guess i got a maid now yeah you made national news yeah i hope my mother and other people around the country were knocking at john gives an off in no time at all of you on there hey you're much cuter than you and then it's a much you're a lot and a lot cuter than Alan comes i'll tell you that oh my god he's not good or shepherd Smith with that martian moon face he looks like a clown he is he's the one they all do we're lip gloss oh i know that i'm not just making it up there they were a pancake make up to a dronan elephant have a great deal thanks thanks for the spy report okay have a good one bye we better clean up our act god dammit uh come on we gotta do the break so they actually did make a big sum of stuff and what did i tell everybody these people don't want to listen to me they want to do a piece and make this look like a bunch of racist and like my whole big song to dance what what that's all about i have no idea why is it there concerned what we're doing is a little radio station in Miami flew to why is it there concerned other than they don't have a sense of humor and they want to take things out of context and twist and turn and by the way they can help a rally here he still has a big he's got a zero okay he's wftl does not show in the rating book here is the book right here it doesn't show it which means that in no day part at no time during the day they have more than hundred people listening they have no measurable audience norm you could go out on a street corner do your eight to nine hour norma fees in town and uh just get a megaphone and save all the juice yeah save all the electricity fpl would be upset because it would cut down a bill but you could just save all that just get a megaphone get on a busy street corner would be a great idea in fact why not just go up to uh heathers house instead of this recorder with a big megaphone heathers a bitch you know something like that all of the maybe very nice like the guy said she's hot it's still could be a bitch plum at a chapter 11 at five sixty wqm here's something that's really hot now only made people are buying it all over town and popping it and they're pushing them to hear the sound of the uh things the capsule is going down their trots all of you men ready to reading formulas or advanced combinations of pharmaceutical great olive oil combined with vitamins minerals or both other nutrients scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help support specific health needs in your body look for their great three new products they got want to help you sleep one for weight management and co-q-10 I've using the benefits of the best olive oil that you'll find anywhere's olio made is a great product that's available at public's records well greens if you want to get more information call olio made at one eight six six olio made that's one eight six six six six five three sixty six thirty three can also order their products online if you prefer at olio metamerica dot com and keep in mind if you will go to your nearest public's and vinyl only made product and data brought you can get you a coupon which is good for a free larry co-car bobble head doll oh oh oh oh well supplies last don't forget to visit their sampling forbidden sports that every Sunday too in the fins of playing at home pick up free olio made samples and product information improve your health make your body into something almost worthwhile by popping olio made in your push today why do you best they want us to find a way to reimburse for back pain from 200 years ago when they were slaves when I only have a mobile home a pickle and a pinch of skull so if you want to ask they how here what I got a say you've got to yes and bigger good morning you feel them that you're sorry for it's lay them alone yes and bigger good morning if that's for everybody who is dead at home if I was born a day thing will do only slaves ain't something I do oh no but when we're dead people dead to you I have to take the mind when you see it all for an old on the act no with the can of spalli carry in fact it's dead of 40 acres and a mula have a better way you've got to yes and bigger good morning and put on how they fare in Oregon for a month to yes and bigger good morning okay and after the resolution for a slave at you yes and bigger good morning are you in tail and back you're sorry for it's lay them alone yes and bigger good morning if that's for everybody who is dead at home or Heather she's just don't get in the oven if she did get it would make any difference because you know they started out with the purpose of you know you started point a and you're going to get to point c and what it make any of us what happens in between you're still going to want up the same place you just see how to say so the purpose of doing a story with to make us look like a bunch of racist clansman hoodware and whatever thanks for the publicity by the way Heather we can use it nice birthday cards pouring in here by the twos and threes look at this one it's got all these things in here this lady Michelle's been listening since 1978 how do you like that so thanks for all the birthday cards of course there's no money in it but you don't need any money you make all that way that's what you think you guys don't know my church 383 votes on a poll how's mode doing he's starting to move up a little bit what about it last 25 years has had the greatest negative impact on South Florida. Mo Howard comes to town nine started out very late on this poll but he's starting to move up a little bit up to yeah in fact it's just changing again one moment please oh 12 oh ho ho ho ho ho ho make an elite run one of those strong closeness stretch Liberty City riots 15 alien 25 hurricane Andrew 38 I want to thought hurricane Edward had more votes it's slow people are already forgetting we just got through with the 10th anniversary we just had like 80 billion hours of coverage on it the best you're and a church changed the face of this town in so many ways none of them good alien 25 hurricane Andrew 38 the 2000 hanging chat election 17 and the Mary Al Bolif 197 50% said the Mary Al Bolif was a and it was you could drive and at that time I was working at W. Snooze back in 80 down at Ludelman Dixie and as you drove home up Dixie Highway depending on where you live but in my case I guess it was up the old Hershey Highway the Ho Chi Minh Trail is what's used to call it you know there would be like here's the car over here's the dead body and this one I'm not exaggerating there were a couple nights I drove home and it was like cars off to the side of the road after it was like some incidents you know and then the convenience store that was right across from the old beauty part of our station was located in a formally a beauty part we didn't have any beauties working in there though oh I think that place could have been uglier than here but anyway that place was getting held up like everyone at least once a week after the Mary Al Bolif the courageous fleet of fleet of fleet of floatila see I hate to break the news the boys and girls it's got nothing to do with bigotry that's not the way to do a immigration policy okay we learned the hard way well we didn't learn the hard way and this thing that went on with a Haitians you know as much as I realized that they're being discriminated against and it's a grotesque racist policy which it is and that this secret George W. Bush policy that they sneak through there just the last December which they don't want to talk about or tell a way where it came from that says that they got special treatment see the Cubans got special treatment on one side they got special good treatment the wet put dry foot you can get here you can stay regardless of anything and also the Chinese course it's a long swim you know for the Chinese but uh and the Haitians we got a special deal for you but it's on the other side of the deal see you get the raw deal we're gonna stick you in some detention camp as long as we feel like and then maybe before we look real nice at us and give us some free tightly sewn baseballs then maybe we'll give you a political solemn here and then see if you're as back yeah that's the way it works but you gotta get control of it and I'll say it again the fact that this community isn't up in arms that people aren't like jumping off and tall buildings over the inability of the coast guard the ship came in to a ship the boat the rickety boat comes in two miles for the goddamn coast guard man what is that all about and all the peasant who you believe if they were tracing them all the way and they let them get this code and see the rationale was all well we were afraid of we uh and addicted them and stop them we have a lot of drownings at sea right well was at least a minute to have them before the boat has that right well so is that the new policy in other words the message it goes out if you can get close enough to come in here then we're just will let you come because we don't want you to drown that's a beautiful message to send out and then if the other stories are true that uh they caught them off guard and they just slip through that says a hell of a thing about homey insecurity may so want to go home and just hop my comrades blow up dog home something we're gonna have most up to 13 votes already i'm confident he's gonna start moving up in the pack i could be wrong about that never sell him short simple that bag oh here is uh and four miles hello hey Neil wants time no talk how you doing i really uh missha live on sand about so the only way i can get you is if i stand on the pause building with a coating or good idea hey that company really screwed us to be released by taking us off that 770 you know we had at least 20 30 people listening over there you were definitely the the only show that ever had any listeners consistently that i'm sure about yeah hey the reason why i call is you know like i said i look into the very often but you you've talked about the debate i can imagine up at central florida yeah i i something really struck me as funny is when uh uh it's a very end when ruster after what they most admire about each other and his own electric ride pauses and he says well i admire his mother mark the wash in and yeah and uh you know jett fathered off with a big grin and he admired uh McBride's uh war record so you know you know you which is typical bush diverging from the uh from the facts by the way speaking of war record and talking about a dirty campaign how do you like this thing for the center race in Georgia mascleland who's a triple amputee he lost two legs in an army he volunteered for the service in Vietnam lost two legs in an arm and his opponent is republican opponents his on patriotic yeah how do you like that well what does that make me the see if he really would have a patriotic he lost the other arm too right what is it making you well i call an east of maybe come and is there okay have a great day well i miss you five see it there's a common is there's a card from uh Richard McVeyer old buddy from uh flimingo records i sure hope he's gonna send me my planner for 2003 do you know how important those things are to me the what the planner don't you know what that is planner book little little book for the year it's got to like the day don't you understand what that is well in your case i got it loses a hundred dollar bill after uh not after striking out a treasure island oh the planner the planner the planner what was like a planter in my planter yeah uh maybe your partner my 2003 planner i need that badly and Richard McVeyer always sends me one over here so come on back dick but he evidently is an omg the dom figures he's a pervert and here's a picture of the beautiful sea palace chinese restaurant and it's um i can't think of the name of that road but like uh if you if you're driving out to the airport in the cab or in a car or in a uh pop pop pop up uh toaster uh you go buy this thing i've seen it a million times of course the way to go to the airport is really on the train from central station just a little luck it only took me like ten years to figure that out seriously i'm i'm a moron i admit it i'm a schmuck i'm a real pus you realize that until two years ago i'm gonna answer the name and all over your pro like 15 years till two years ago i never went on the tram once because i didn't know how it worked not necessarily i didn't know how but you had to do to get on there i don't want to be like a moron you know i didn't have my stripping card and you don't have to have your stripping card you can actually uh pay for right on the tram which pisses everybody else off because they don't want to stand behind you know while you're getting your eros out i think i got a stripping card right my wallet right not it anybody reminds want to see my stripping card i bet your car was to be excited to see it oh yeah uh i don't have one yeah i do here you're going to hide it do i have it no don't have it yeah no no yeah don't have one in there i got him in home in my little sack it's just like a little like a little card now they got like blank spaces and every time you go on and they ask you how it's depending on how far you're going it's usually two spaces it's one zone in zone and it's the same to think and that's it that's good for i think like an hour hour and a half something like that got it got but anyway what i'm trying to say is i'm a schmuck and anybody never been to this place before she was a beautiful place so thanks a lot for the postcard from omg that i'm making me feel real bad about being here dick but i'll be out of here pretty soon i'll be out of here real soon buy ma oh yeah haven't told her yet because i'm only 60 years old on Tuesday and i got to answer to her you know that whole business about no zimothers like i got to answer to her can you see what you you'll find out when you get to be 60 70 whatever if your mother is still around is your mother still around oh yeah oh well you see i'm seeing it could have been very embarrassing you could have said oh my mom died five years ago yeah you're still answering now forget about this twenty thirty forty years ago she'll still be giving you the same crap about be sure to put on your goulages and don't do this and don't go running around too much and don't do that oh geez i'm out of here soon ma soon out of this rat and festered grotesque death melt place man even a cockroach he in a restaurant it's a good thing too because we had the everybody worried about west now virus i noticed that when i came back you're all the skaters left on too they couldn't handle it here anymore they went to infect people elsewhere 421 votes and mow is moving into fifth place that's here for the mow bastard baby because he is amazing it's always fun when we put him on a pole because he just shocks the hell idea when you think he's got no chance i'm getting pound yeah look second twenty seven past eleven at five sixty w q a m speaking of pounding if that's what's happening on your mattress like at McGales house by the way before what we had on a wall was uh clearance came in your city was raping somebody i don't want to say who we city was raping okay because i'm getting pound but nevertheless that was the banging against the wall and i offered him on these are big black uh device here but he said next time he said now that i loosen them up a little but maybe next time oh sorry had there i'm sorry for your tender ears we would only see things like that she's probably listening right now she's probably a big fan of the show don't want to admit it okay everybody loves head there from fox news will make you star honey fucking yeah flea Bailey he'll make you start to if you want to get you a new mattress for all the pounding whatever else you're going to be doing hopefully a lot of sleeping as well then call our good friends at dialometres one eight hundred mattress they give you so much more than just great service they give you a choice all the top manufacturers in the world and i should know because i've been by my mattresses from these people for about 300 years and they got certain series simmons king coil no store no bedding store no department store can match their selection especially they're exceptionally low every day prices and as far as deliveries concern almost nobody anywhere delivers like they do they let you choose the day of the week any day seven days into our window like noon to two one to three two fourteen to four fourteen ones convenient for you and they actually show up on time they take away the crappy old bedding set up your brand new one and you'll be sleeping like a baby for years to come and they give you that thirty day in homecomprehendee to let you try it out the right way by sleeping on it instead of like lying down on a filthy piece of plastic for thirty seconds so pick up the phone and call dialometres right now they'll be there in no time at all they deliver everything they say they do one eight hundred mattress one eight hundred ma ttr a s b sure and tell them old Neil porty call or check them out in their website macros dot com my and local your sports radio five sixty q a m are you busted welcome back to the glittering pageantry of the more I would have made a show we have a full duck at today the included the cavalcade of our particular ethylene it of yours you don't have types of a still at it what what singing the songs make it fun of me they make fun of all the time I don't know why they don't adore everything will be all right bro it's a hint of me a fairy you queer yet to jumpa real man don't touch only during the game just missed it once again I'll give them singing get on a piano over there okay now hit it back in my day men was straight the day is live today that's why I hit the dollar rate kataline stegs musicometric far we Cornholes were in case back then. Oh, I'll take it from here. The guys that like the worship men could think we will see all in the way living out of my gang. Did it mean two youth broads stayed to this? Or to tickle hairy taint? Jesus Christ died really hate. Jesus Christ. Holy God. 26 to 0 to 5 60 that wasn't my judge of call before. Somebody tells Carlos off here that it was my judge. They would bet their life on him. I guess what? I can't hear your life. That wasn't my judge. Was it? He loves this show. He loves me. And, of course, Lin Samuel is probably beating with a, well, maybe that's what he hopes. Whip him to pieces, you know? If he did that, the caller that was screaming about how many house Negroes did Clinton have it. What does that have to do with anything anyway? See, that's always the tactic. You know, divert, divert, divert. Well, what does that have to do with George W? Clinton ain't in anymore, but they just love beating up on him. Because they're jealous. He was getting more action than they are. And, of course, in, uh, well, Matt Regis case. I think Andy Sullivan maybe turned Matt down. That's why he's been out of shape today. 441 votes. What have ended last 25 years? Had the greatest negative impact on South Florida, Liberty City, Riot 17, Moe Howard David coming to town 23. He's about to pass Ali on. Like he's standing, like he's floating still. Moe Howard David 23, Ali on 27. See how close that's getting. The hurricane Andrew 43. 2,000 hanging chattel, 113. And the Murray Alboat lift, 2018. 218 people in this poll today said that the Murray Alboat lift. Have the greatest impact of anything last 25 years in this town? Of course, we asked for the greatest positive impact of what certainly have to be. That wonderful weekend a couple of weekends ago when Huracun's V-FSU and when they Adolphins V-Demper. And we found out we were so blessed. Of course, blessed briefly though, because even the Lord's blessings don't last forever. 560, 560, pound 560 on the ATT line. Here's Volk. Hello. Hey, you doing Neil? OK. Hey, well around the topic of Fox News. I was reading in Michael Moore's book, Stupid White Men. The night of the two thousand election, when there was all the confusion of who who ran. A decision was made by the man in charge at the Fox News channel to go out first and say that Bush won. Well, the man in charge who made this decision was John Ellis. Yeah, who's John Ellis? He's the first cousin of George W. and Jeff Bush. How do you like that? Yeah, so I just want to pass that along with those. Exactly. More drama. I guess you didn't see John Gibson last night either, huh? No, I didn't. I don't want to check that. Isn't that pretty embarrassing that they did a 10-minute segment with this big thing they're trying to whip up about much to do with nothing on this show? And one person saw it in a whole audience. Well, it's not Fox News. This George Bush is network. Exactly. There you go. Son, our crowd. Thanks a lot. Who do you like better? John Ellis are Shirley Ellis, the name game. What is that under? The name game. What's under Ebonics name game is what it's under, you know? Yeah. Always like Shirley Ellis, man. And old Doc Ellis too. Come on, everybody. Yo, look here, man. We go to play a game. We be flipping to get that right. We're flipping to get that right. And he panicked me the day. Yo, what you don't know? You take a punch with your footwork. Right. It must be still to make it right. Gotta fuck you. Check out what I've been kicking. What you don't know about. You haven't done a no-down. Hold on. Jesus. Jesus, Jesus, let me go for that. And I've got to be a piece of beef. But for me, God. Oh, Jesus. Let me do it over. Open, open, open, open. Open, open, open, open. Open, open, open. Open. Yo, this beef is good. And we already know that. And the family will pass the beef back. Open, open, open. Open, open. Who bad hope? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Open, open, open, open. Open, open, open. Oh. You be open. So it's a funny, funny, funny. Oh. Holy Son. Oh. My moet plows are just a little talking. Also, many of those things people are, but I don't know it was just such an absurd thing, I'm tired, Ali on. Oh, no! It's a phase movement up. He's moving up with lightning speed, even Ricky never ran that fast. 22 till noon at 5.60 QA. We got the mad dog at one. Let me take a look at that schedule here. Hank, it's three. I was gonna say with a clean slate, but we got the Dave Wands that show in her. Five, five, three, two, three. The Bucardi. Dave Wands that show between, five, thirty and six, thirty. Seven o'clock, it's, what is it? Who does Collins football? Preview with Clarence is gonna be telling about his exciting sexual experience this morning with the Mo. Josh Dero, Joe Mo, and the Domainley Junior. I love that promo that we got. We're done, baby, Jr. Come on. Hey, I'm Domainley Jr. And I'm Joseph Gackie. You know, it's just, Joe, it's not personal here. A good guy, but got her. Are you boring? Any K from GAA, 10 o'clock tonight, and ESPN radio, which really sucks with a bunch of, and I gotta take issue with Mad Dog. I heard him one day the other day, a few days ago, talking about Tony Bruno, and how entertaining he is on the, Tony Bruno is an asshole, and he's the biggest laugh in hyena. I would have fake, ho ho ho ho. So I sent a closet drag. Tony Bruno, my ass mad dog, of course he also likes red of on the sister, good of on Brown, and his new girlfriend, but I can't think of her name anymore, the one on CBS. Oh yeah, Christiana Amon poor. She's lovely. Come on, my wife and low. And low. This is sports radio by 60s. We're in a canway, yeah. Favids a bit. He plays a cat and mouse game with the boys. Snuperman, Snuperman, I'm friendly, they bruh it's Scyperman. When we get you, me will fall, hang him up by the hair of his balls on the lookout. For that Scyperman, Scyperman, Scyperman, I'm gonna get you a Scyperman on your ass, Charlie Moose, you'll have contesticals in a new smoke out. Stair is the sniper man. She moves to the person who left us a message. You gave us a telephone number. We do want to talk to you, call us at the number you provide. Public dialogue continued. The person you call, but not here, everything that you say, call us back, so that we can clearly understand. We want to get it right. Is he sneaky, listen, bud? He's only out for the spill of blood. When the case is finally cracked, we'll go to a place on his throttle sack, look out. Where is the sniper man? Now, look at where we can now. Where is the sniper man? Shifting till noted, at 5.60 WCU, I'm so here, a twice-track for just basis, to me. Who happens to be very black by the way with a bald head? And don't find the show in the least bit racist, but at any rate, here's an email that somebody sent to my good friend, Steve Wolf, who's the PR man at Papotopark, one of our fine sponsors on the show. See, this is always part of the game. You know, this is partly game plan at Fox. We're gonna get that son of a bitch off of here. Not because they think I'm really racist, but because of the fact they don't like the liberal rap that goes on on this show. That's what it's all about. They don't want anybody on the air, except, I guess basically except their right wingers. They have the other people on their just for window dressing, and they're like Alan Combs, who says, he's as weak as a piece of limps spaghetti. He's just there is a foil for Sean Hannity. But at any rate, I'm only even used to guys name on the air, because he's not a public figure all of it, we could gladly make him one. One of the patrons of Pompano Park says, I'll go to other race tracks as long as your sponsor Neil Rogers radio show, he's a racist, and owes an apology to Combs, he's a rights and other blacks of accomplishment. Well, there are many blacks of accomplishment. In fact, one of the people I was quoting when my conversation yesterday was Harry Bellafonte, who looks kind of black to me. I have nothing against Harry, in fact, when I was a kid, I actually had the banana votes on. There you go, all of that stuff, you know. Oh, so Harry's okay. And anyway, the response from Steve Wolf is, dear Mr. Soon, so, although we at Pompano Park don't always agree when they'll's opinion, we do believe in free speech. Neil treats everyone the same, and if everybody thought he was a racist, to show it out of it on the air for the past 25 years, and he wouldn't have the number one radio talk show in South Florida. Pompano Park is proud to be a sponsor and he'll show since that he started, and we will continue to do so. If he really offends you, then please turn to another channel. I hope you'll continue to be a patron at Pompano Park despite our disagreements on radio talk show host. Nice going, Steve. I always knew he had it in the air. Bellai hoped he did, wasn't too sure. There you go, Steve Wolf at Pompano Park. So you can try all the old games, and like I said, they're not even in the market what they're trying to do is stir up a bunch of crap from outside. Let's silence all the other voices. All we can have on a year in American I was G Gordon-Litty, Rush Limbaugh, Bill, no confused move the facts of Riley, Ali North, and that's it. Oh, and Alan Keys speaking of Dark Folk's, right? One token right winged Dark Kai, who's not a man of accomplishment. Anybody see him on MSNBC lately? No. See their Dark Folk's who are good Dark Folks, and then their Dark Folk's who are bad Dark Folk's, like for example, Clarence Token Thomas. And what, what that was this first name? JTWAT, JC, JC. Well, all those docs, they got the initials, you know, all those X-Jox from Oklahoma, JCWAT. What? He ain't in there no more, he found a gut out. Very sad. And in fact, as you live, you want to take a look today, members of Adam want to go through the whole, and I need more of it. Not even more is responding to, okay? Uh, arrested by the trampolice and Amsterdam, and I got to get to that call, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Pretty good. Yeah, I lived in Lights of Playing a couple years ago, and when I first moved, there was so funny, it was near the Reich's Museum. I got on the tram, out of Lights of Playing, and I wrote them really sure how to use those tickets you were talking about. Right. And I didn't buy one. And I was just, you know, did you ever get on the tram and like five or six of those red coats would come on storming twice? Twice, all of a sudden. Yeah, thousands of times that I've used the tram over there. Twice, I've been on there. Of course, I'm always a good guy, you know, I wish the ones that are like, some are conductor-trams, well, they're most of them are conductor-trams, where you have to give it to the conductor to stamp it. And then they have some of the others, like number 16 and 24, where you have to fold over your stupid guy and stick it in the machine and stamp it yourself. So if you really don't know the lay of the land, it's very easy to do that. But twice, I've been on there, and the guys in the coats came on and they all of a sudden they come out of nowhere, it seems like- I think they come out of nowhere exactly. And it was very, right on the spot, 100 gilders. Yeah. I mean, boom, I was ridiculed and I felt like an idiot. And there was a young couple last time I saw the happen to some artists, it was a young couple had their dog on there with them on the tram. And they got came by and they were like, they were trying to like walk off, he's at. And they blocked their way, like no chance, you know? No, they said, well, let the dog go this time. And they didn't find the dog, but they find them and they made him pay me for the little amount of the tram. And regarding the racism thing, listening just briefly, you know, people mix opinion with racism. You're just talking opinion. You're spotting your opinion. It's far from racism. But we live in such a homogenized vanilla society here in America now. And you know, when you live over there, you get a real good understanding of why you don't want to live here anymore. We don't have too many vanilla cheeks here though. Yeah, exactly. Have a great day, pal. See, on a remember plane on something. So there's a guy that got that's very rare, because you don't see the net off, and they don't come out of the tram polis. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless line. We're a little long, singin' a song. I already got one protest there to pop at O Park. I got news for it, sir. OK. And I'm gonna say it. He's gonna go to another track. Because this guy got to go to another track. Oh, go to another harness track. Is there another harness track in town? No, no. He'll be a pop at O Park, in fact. He'll be there. On your AT would bills on. Pungent is brains out. Probably gambit away the goddamn lunch money. 560, 560, let's go to Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I was calling also about that caller that has to quit in a house and he grew up. Yeah. That sounded like Matt Rudd's to make. Did it? Sure. They're not one with even the guy in the lobby. Yeah, he's a big fan of my lobby. Do that. I don't know. Maybe he could call up a call up. And you wouldn't recognize his voice. Listen, forget about the voice. I didn't recognize him when he walked in. He were a couple of weeks away. He was with Lynn Samils. And he says, I'm just a driver today. I thought it was your limo drive, right? Did he have his hat on? No. I've seen the guy when he twice in my life. Okay, like I'm going to recognize him. The other thing I was calling about was after that woman called yesterday. Heather? Yes. Heather the bitch. I went on Google and did a search to see because she said it was like a lot of people were upset. And I figured there'd be a lot of news stories about this. I found one news story. You were a whos? Newsmax. Yeah, this is my news. What is mad like a real, it's like a white wing thing. It's a right way piece of crap. And the only other person I wrote about on the other end that I found was Andrew Sullivan that self-hating queen who didn't put my name in. You know, the well, the host who happens to be white, you know, whatever. So it's, it's, it's, you know what this is. This is a raining month. Yeah. Trying to start crap up. Well, they couldn't help them. I mean, you got your main main when you got your number one guy Bill Orwellian. You're in this market and he's got a zero. No measurable audience. And then you can work here. So I say, say no to Fox News. Just say no. And head of the bitch. Okay, see. How do you like that? How do you make it a tremendous impact here? Now we've been on almost three hours today. We had one person one nice lady who saw yesterday, John Gibson. See when I turn him on, I mean, do you think all those ugly OJ days on and on? And I immediately flip off. I flip them off and that's it. And I've been on a lot of other people do as well. I do like that guy in the morning though on CNN. I can't stand poole as she makes me nauseous. She makes me want to do me in my pants. But what's the guy's name again? I wrote it down here somewhere. I'll never find it. You know, the, the crusty guy to got on there Jack, something. Jack off. Whatever his name is. He's a panic. And he this morning was going off on it. It was incredible. Harvey Pitt. It was sensational. By the way, anybody remember Pitson Lee? Oh, here's a lady from Pimper Pines. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. How are you? Long time list for first time caller. Wanted to tell you happy 60F for you on Tuesday. Thank you. And yeah, Heather is a bitch. Yeah. Because I'm just trying to make you look and try to make everybody look bad. And then I love this thing they do. And of course, they're probably trying to, you know, suck me into a big, thing about it, which I'm not going to do. I've been around too long for that. But they got to put my picture on here and then show the building, the station, everything. And here's the guy that's a racist. I was interested in all out of proportion, you know, but I'm, tell with him, you know. Yeah, to how will it, that's true. Also, you had that piece above the inward. I'm female on a blog and it doesn't offend me. So a lot of those are the black people. They who get offended by it. They need to get over it. Well, I did that. We've been playing that for months. We've never had anybody of any colors say that they were offended by it. I find it hilarious. Yeah. And I enjoy it. So keep up the good ones. Thanks a lot. Have a great night. Get a nice black lady. I was unlike the people as fox. Not just Heather, but all the people that fox, they don't have a sense of humor. Because the people of fox take it all very seriously because they're, they're to change the world. Not for the better, just for the return to the right. As far to the right as they can turn us. You may be fooling a lot of people out there, but even when not too many in this audience, I'll tell you that, Heather. But it is November sweeps coming up. So I guess they're trying to like again, siphany audience, I'll have to show them. Make a big thing about it. That's my comment, okay? That's my response, Heather. And as far as John Gibson's concerned, man, is that real hero here? Is that real hero here? Is that real thing that's on his head? Pretty weak. Almost rivals there in Browse, but not his bad. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami? Hello? Yes, sir. Hello. Hello. I don't know. Okay. I'm going to be. I think I sure. This is a naked hood. Who loves to show? Yes. I found a show yesterday. Oh, John Gibson, you're the one. It was an accident by the week. I wanted to tell him a TV on. Yeah. But they also had you at one of the top 25 DJs of all time. Uh-huh. Which I was really happy about. So, in other words, it wasn't all bad. No, they actually wanted to flip one little flip thing in there. You know, that was good. Yeah. Well, nothing's perfect. Yeah, well, you know, this is the right wing. You know, they want to show everybody up, you know? Well, we're going to agree with them. They're going to offend you. You're going to try to get to you. Don't forget, vote three or four times just despite them on Tuesday. Right on Thursday. Right on Thursday. Okay. Okay. See you, Nigger. Bye. See you guys. What are my Nigger friends? I mean, let's see. We've been doing it on the show. That's another thing when you come in from the outside and you pretend you know something. Because you write a bunch of crap on some stupid ass website. So the guy that called before and said that that was MadGrad. Also claimed that MadGrad was going to put Newsmax about come up to that whole thing in the first place. Is that what the guy told you? Yep. So I would never dream that because my close friend Lynn Samuels is like this with MadGrad. And he follows her mind like a little puppy dog. And I would be very hard press to believe that all of us possible. Maybe Mad's trying to whip up a little controversy. Maybe he didn't get a trick or a treat on Halloween last night. I don't know what his deal is. I don't know. Fives and I don't really don't care. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line on a tremendous Friday. You can feel it. You can smell it. It's in the air, baby. Must be that big game coming up Monday night. Here's Palm Beach, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Thank you very much for getting that nasty, nasty, cute, big, big straight from Fox. And you noticed the first thing she did. She started with the name calling. She tried to give you that label. Yeah. The liberal. But we're calling yourself that when did I ever come on here and say, I'm the voice of the great liberals. When did I ever say that exactly? And what if you were? And right away, the same thing they did that with Tom Dashle. He was the obstructionist. That Al Gore, he wore a blue suit one day and he was reinventing himself. And it's the liberal media and all you are. And by the way, who's ever been more critical of Al Gore than I've been by the way? So this will crap like I'm every, and they don't have no idea what they're talking about. Or is there anyone who disagrees with them or a guy for a video show of your own opinion? You're against them. What's your against them? What does your against them? And what that means is if you don't share their view, you're against them. You're an enemy. And I thought, just, this guy in the White House was supposed to be the United. Oh, yeah. The passionate conservatism, right? He's divided this country. He's the Clair de War on Democrats. As a matter of fact, you're right. Supposedly after 9, 11, you remember all those hearts and flowers, things the media kept saying about all. We've never seen the country so united. Take a look at all the polls right now. And it keeps saying about the election on Tuesday is split like right down in middle. It's like 50 50. You know, it's like, it would just, there's like a straight line dividing the country. Not geographically, politically right down in the middle. And another thing to do on that Palm Beach post saying, a front page of a big color picture of a Juliani with Jeb Bush. Yeah. And I've about had it with Juliani to keep making his guy out to be a hero. Here are my ass. He's so down to gave directions. He did. The people were the heroes, were the firemen who were going up the stairs while the people were coming down. The same way. There's no way. He'll come down here and close all the bars down. They didn't do crap, Juliani. They all, Juliani. What? He didn't do anything. What the hell would he do? He said, yeah, go left down, bro. It's three. That's all he did was get direction. What he did were a mean face mask. And as far as home, my insecurity goes on. We couldn't even keep out L.D.K. Hey, man. Thank you. Or no Howard. Have a great day. And I'll say one thing. He wore a better face mask than Johnny Bar. Who didn't wear one old Johnny? Let's suit him up. What do you say, Pat Quinn? Let's get Johnny Bar. Can't be anywhere so what we go. My life. And what? This is for 305.60. You ain't a new man. Farrah, it beat it 12 to 1h. On WQF. Tell me why. What I do, Spoon. It's not going to go. You don't do it. It's not going to go. I'll love you. And then you'll jump to a track through. And then you'll walk on. But why do Spoon? It's not going to go. I'll go. Jump jump. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. I'll go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's not going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. It's going to go. They look like two mountains on the side of a gathering. Are you mourning it all the. The loss of grandmaster flash from Rundee M.C. It all over there. I don't know my name. We're having quite a big thing about that this weekend. I figured it all the guys down there are going to be gathering and putting things up on the wall down there. They're just like one Lenin died back up in the 80s. Well, Neil, you know, it has a stand with my brand muffins kicking in. Okay. I have to get out of here. Happy birthday. Thanks. Sorry to just see two in Tomacup the crap. Just even two at that is not the other Jesse. Oh, see there you go again. Everything can be turned into a racial thing. If you want to read it out, well, that's going to be our poll question. What the hell happened to Matt Drogge? What did he go off the deep end or what? What is his story? What was that? I was out of the call, but it wasn't grandmaster flash. It was grandmaster J. Oh, excuse me. Grandmaster J. Well, what do I know? That's right. Thank you, Mama. I know how to do a talk show. Okay, come down. You all need to stay at us. 560, 560, pound by. What is it? Pawn my what? Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, you know, if you have any want to do some real investigative journalism, instead of looking at adult radio in Miami, you can go to the radio station. My suggestion is you take a look at jep which is activity. When he was the campaign manager for Roth Layton, the point me is to release Orlando Box, the Cuban terrorist, who blew up an airplane for the people. Here we are in the day and age of terrorism. We're going to re-elect the governor who tenors, 11 years ago said, hey, let's let terrorist out of jail. Not with my help. Well, I tell you what, but he already voted. And I hope that that so be general jep goes down Just like his ancestors and don't forget vote again Tuesday. Okay, see you He's whipped up to our friends. You and that's good. See you all you people out there trying to get everybody Oh whipped up. You're gonna. It's gonna have like a backlash, baby backlash. So Mac to Reds called back yet or what? They yet 567. Oh, he's too busy with kid career 567. Oh 560 pound 560. Look at a spy report on that or two or three 8 minutes past noon and by the way the Dark folks have no idea who he is anyway You're a Why the you bastard look the former bath president of the United States Al Gore I have recently poked my head out of the shadows of oblivion to take potchauss at the president I have reappeared Much like Puck-Satani Phil the ground hug creature that reappeared each year to Determined whether or not we'll have an early spring I wish it to be known but it was I who was responsible for saving the lives of those nine Miner than Pennsylvania over the weekend I'd ask the media to keep my name out of it as not to appear of spotlight hog However, I feel the American people have a rat to know the truth Here's what happened Upon hearing of this unfortunate accident I'll race to the thing I'll order myself into the mine Using an old Ron Popeo pocket fisherman and some valing wire Down down down into the depths of darkness. I think never thinking of my own safety But rather of the safety of those man on the ground When I reached the miners they said to me hey You're the garden vented the internet, right? I said yes We all had a mic's hard lemonade Which I brought with me down into the hole and then we've sat around and re-enacted the fart thing from blighting Battles. I thought you should know the truth And the house much like the ground hug creature Puck-Satani Phil I'll flink back into the darkness of oblivion until I am needed again This is our door Super hero it sounds kind of gay the way he says that 12 13 at 5 60. I just send an email to the lancamials and I told her to get a leash and a color for her buddy Matt Well, of course these are just calls that are coming in from outside first of all. I would recognize his voice if he called again six times and wrote that's number one And number two We don't know if that's true or not. Maybe he is I would kid her I Bishop curry right because there ain't nobody listening to what anyway 5 670 560 palm 560 on the AT&T But it's really interesting that just four days before the election all this stuff is weapon up these people are off They're in the gut off the deep end So they must be really very nervous because the only thing everyday consequence going on here is the geeter man on Tuesday Bill McBride your next governor and the geeter That's the only thing of any real consequence So they must be real nervous Here's Miami. Hello. Oh, yes, sir. Are you doing now? Okay? Hey, I think I might have a fart for you Okay, but I'm not sure about I have a reliable source that the situation you're going through with heaven and what's happening in New York Yeah, I have a friend in New York who says that a third radio host Morning show who's down here Got all of that stuff started because he complained to his friends in New York that You know The radio personality that down here was hosting a racist radio show and all that stuff got passed around I mean, I mean, I host a several lots of us suggested that under the guys of stick I'm doing something in love of other markets. Somebody we get a put a bullet right for yeah, yeah Yeah, no, he is this is a way of getting back at you for the things that you're doing to him I don't hear well, could bro. Yeah, I think that's where all you're probably doing No, no, where did you hear this? Well, I have a friend that lives in New York and we and he called me and he told me about that website that you had mentioned the other day Yeah, I next time yeah, yeah, and he was saying that You know all that got started from someone at the radio station down here And that's where he has powerful friends in the industry that could you know make make a problem for you Oh boy, I'm just having my hands look no further than your own radio station for what's happening with that stuff Okay, we'll take it under a advisement, Pral Appreciate it. Thanks See, while I'm as possible. That's cross my mind who it'll know is we don't sit here like point to finger make accusations and start putting up memos But some of that crosses your mind, you know some people like little wacky at times 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line see there's a difference between on air sticks Speaking of people talk about sick a difference between that and then making suggestions about putting bulletin somebody's head things like that Things of that nature But unfortunately the people who run this radio station don't understand that when that happened way back in March April whenever was at that point That should have been nipped in the butt see What life goes on here's Miami hello Hey Neil how are you today? Okay? Good I am first time calling I was say this show is fantastic Finally someone that's shooting straight from the hip and telling the truth about this nonsense with that with everything that's going on in this country lately Earlier you had indicated you know how much of a split this country is coming up this election And what I want to ask is how can have this country be so stupid at the moment and buying all this Republican non Yeah, I mean I think it was a few days ago You may have heard this that a Canada issue they travel warning to someone but sit Yeah, I have that here's a matter of fact. I never got around to that stir, but I do have it here. Yeah Yeah, there's one of their middle eastern the the same kind of people, yeah Yes, it would be on-wide the traveling United States or fear of detainment or you know whatever John Ashcroft right I mean Something but You would think that the people's this country would realize that this is quite possibly one of the most undemocratic regimes that we've had I mean since possibly the second world war But I think the old added of cooking the frog seems to apply here if you are so on the frog into a boiling water It jumps out and feels it, but if you slowly turn the heat up It doesn't notice and you've got a good one. Yeah, but here. Oh That's just what I want to bring up and just keep up the good work and I'm gonna continue to listen and hopefully a lot more people will start to listen and Take your message to heart. That's hope. Nice a lot. Okay. Thank you. There's a lot of people were just playing stupid. You know 560 pound 560 on the 18 to that be our pull on Monday. Who do you think started on this crap? We'll put him on there too as matter fact. Oh now that we got that and like I said I'm not making any accusations here, but it certainly is crossed my mind after that grow Test-unbelevable a comment that was made several months ago on this radio station and of course the people are running this place I guess there's something to get a free pass. Maybe because there are you know advanced and age or whatever it might be I don't know what the deal is It because there's a sympathy factor involved 567.0 560 pound 560 on the 18 and T line here's Kendall hello This is penal cut. Yeah, okay. That's here for me. Be now Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, everyone's getting that DJ's name wrong from Rundee and C Yeah, it's Jim Master Jay. Jay Master Jay. Well Carlos had a wrong. He's the one that screws all up Yeah, Jim Master Jay and I got a couple things to say about that Haitian thing First of all it's not really an issue of not protected borders because they had footage of the boat when it was way out That wasn't file footage of some other boats. They was they had been watching it for a lot of miles Uh-huh and normally I'm the first one to cry conspiracy with the election thing, but What you also got to look at is how do we know who organized the boat trip all the way back in Haiti? So I don't know well, but what does that have to do with the way it's handled by the gets here? I mean this is so made a possibility of timing was strange. Yeah I don't really know. I don't have too much of an opinion I work with a lot of Haitian people at work in the kitchen. I work at a restaurant right and they're all good Hardworking people. I don't know about everyone else back in their neighborhood, but I think they should stay personally Okay, thanks, lunch. Yep, 25 20 past dinner at 560 WQM 560 560 560 560 560 on the AT&T line Well, we only got like 40 minutes left. I got a hurry. It can be a look like that 525 boats on a pool Which event of the last 25 years is that the greatest negative impact on South Florida? Liberty City riots 19 alien 29 more Howard David coming to town 47 Hurricane Andrew 56 he's moving right on the ass of the hurricane 2000 hang in Chad election 127 Mary Albole of 247 Mary Lito's man Not too thrilled but away that whole thing was Miss Handler was gonna say handled Miss Handler. Oh, I'm sure what I want is as trans story two from Amston. I'm another one. Hello No, no, yes, sir. Happy three birthday. Thanks. Yeah, a trans story Getting to Amsterdam, Fang and Museum plane jumping the number 16 my first day there me my girlfriend I'm idea the thing works well. I think I could pay the driver driver so that he doesn't have change And I said so what do I do and he goes that's your problem. They arrest you. They arrest you just like that The next day I go and get my stripping cotton and You just punch it. That's all you got to do right right But what were you you were saying that you didn't have to use it at all or When you first got over there. Oh, when I'm the first when I mean first got over there the first 10 years I was going there. I had no idea how well I didn't know from stripping card I didn't know what to do what to set her up. So I just right you can get on and off without even paying But if you get busted you got to pay right. I know that now. I'm I'm an expert now now here next for all thanks glad and I'll give it to you Oh, it's in three Let's do a Miami next. Hello They're me on how are you good? Hey listen. I hate to rehashing did you ever find out? Yes, they've toyed on as you played in the godfather. Yeah, he was kind of his a boyfriend right in the kind of he's just like boyfriend I remember when she brought him home and he were like and like that right and godfather 2 not three right right Right, you know John cuz they'll fridow. You know he was dying during the deer hunter. Did you ever see that movie? Yes He was he was on the verge of death and when they released that movie he was already Prishing up daisy. That'll teach him to us that John to set up his brother, you know That's why I just wanted to help the outman. Thanks for the good news. Yeah for Frado. He's dead poor Frado So he was dying during the filming of that movie of deer hunter. How do you like that? I thought it was Al Pacino all the time where that line I'm dying over here Attica Attica what a movie, huh? Attica She read an interesting your boyfriend grew up whatever it was. Here's a femur pine. Hello Yes, sir. Thank you first off happy happy birthday happy she was yeah, and have many more in spread of show I just wanted to tell you you know with this thing with the Haitians and stuff like that you know I think is not right it is kind of racist or just You know not to let them you know have a chance at life. I mean the Cuban did it Yeah, the Cuban came over here and You know, they made a link for themselves Well, I mean for the government to set up a separate policy in terms of you know keeping them confined while he has opposed to anybody from just about any other country in a world Who comes here and then they get you know they get the exam and physically to make sure they're not bringing this any new diseases It's that are old ones and then they you know They stay with their friends or family or somebody holds onto them for while until they get their political son We process them and see if they've got a real legitimate reason to be here and then we send them back where they came from But with Haitians we did this administration and wanted to empower right now All of us on the side of the well. I've got a separate rule for you. We just don't want to talk about it Well, you know that's You know it's I guess a double standard you might say and keep in mind the Cubans have political cloud the Haitians do not that's what it boils down to yeah Hey, they they change the name to the Green I didn't they yeah It's not the yeah right the anti center Office the office depot office depot pencils and pads in the crap center. Yeah. Have a good paypal All right, and they keep changing name because all these places keep going out of business like in-rond field things like that It's way goes how about pro player stadium? What are they gonna ever rename that thing pro that pro player went out of business like a year ago, didn't they? Yeah, they went they went under. They took a Pram Talk about I can inspire reports from my MBM when you think that a lot of our folks listen to MBM no no maybe one That was at a dark guy that called you to give you that spy report because why my folks didn't listen to WMB and more Bishop Curry Here's Miami. Hello Yeah, yes, sir I thought for sure that was Matt George immediately when I heard his voice Anyway, I don't know why you think that they he said to buddy of yours I mean I've personally heard him that leads to the couple of cases to rip you a big one on his show really especially during the During during the one during the election the bottle Yeah, well, what's happening with his calls? Did I do that where is this guy? You made a you may remark about you know in jest about starting a riot because Republicans are riding in downtown Yeah, and then you went up next day for vacation and on his show He quoted you as deciding a riot and then you then you In spirit for your life or somehow you decided to leave town to get away from the heat of Having made that statement. Oh my god I mean it was he talking about a guy that's sat here through a Mary Alpharot two years and sat with 80 billion We had legal pass full of death threats and he said I'm afraid I prayed for my life. I mean he you know He implied you had made those inflammatory statements about getting people to riot and then you split town But let me say this. I love this. I have never heard this man on the year in my life He came to one of our appearances at the pizza loft with Lin Samuels a couple years ago I guess it's more than that three four years ago Pretends to be a real big groupy my kind of a closet groupy and Lynn who's a big fan of mine I emailed back and forth with her all the time who's who's uh, she got to have no if you ever looked at her website It's phenomenal. I mean He's a real liberal and real legitimate and a good friend But but she I would say I don't understand that because she came in here a couple of weeks ago Just to say hi with Boca Brian and Matt Rush was in here with her which I didn't recognize him because I see him once in my life and And laughing and sucking up so maybe he's got some kind of a you know But a little bit of kind of a problem. You know what I mean? Yeah, well, listen he has sometimes those his show For filling in for that nut case in Orlando Schmidt hill he and Lynn will do a show together like you know Uh Back and forth, you know, so I know that there are you know Well, there are there are times that drive. I guess I just during the last break I sent her an email because she had sent me one this morning and said what's up with your buddy? He's going off of the deep end. Yeah, so many he loves you the big for he's been on social a lot too He's a big buddy with Phil on that late really He's been on Phil's show. Yeah, and you know and He's still on his website sometimes He's all about the show. I guarantee that well, yeah, he makes a mistake You know It's it's it's big big buddy. You should ask them about that. Okay. Thanks for the good news All right. Yeah. I never said he was my big buddy because I don't know him I said he pretends to be a big groupie and then of course that little George oh my threads Love you show he loves you. Yeah, all that crap. You know, of course George You know that George George is just George just one of those things 27 past noon at 5.60 WCU a.m. Hey poppin of park is open for live harness racing three great nights a week every Wednesday Friday Like tonight and Saturday first post time 715 in the PM free general parking free clubhouse and grants that admission every afternoon and night And of course Simul casting every day from high-eye harness and thermart tracks all around a country starting at noon every day of your life Come on up and enjoy an grieving great harness racing action root from for winner from the rail treats yourself to a private box seat on the fourth floor Or enjoy a Ben and Jerry's hot-fud Sunday or slice of a lot of these pizza Don't forget to be Wednesday and to track is dollar night You can get you a draft beer hot dog soda large pretzel or popcorn only a bucket piece and on the top of the track on a six floor. It's the great dining room chef Kirk Leadays night with specials are phenomenal And they got the best seafood stakes in primer boulders and town and like Steve writes in here Even I near Rogers and Joe eating at the top of the park restaurant I might cost you a little bit more than the cost me you got your own little private TV monitor You can watch the local races and races from all over the world There's also great all you can eat buffet on the fourth floor players lunch for just 1095 for person every night That we have live racing every Wednesday Friday and Saturday. Don't forget we have early post time for the first race now 715 tonight at pop in O park power line road a box south of Atlanta Boulevard where Steve wolf is our good piezon Okay, just relax I had to go on the unscrupulous the fact machine was frozen up. Okay, just come down So I get a fact set back just now or an email for my friend Lynn Samuel who says that she assures me Matt Rogers not a race better He would not to instigate the thing with news max wouldn't do this and doing that so that's who the hell always So we got a big mystery sounds like a lot of people looking for a lot of publicity Before you head up on your next G. Hot make sure you're getting the ballastini in weapon of choice The West Bank 44 magnum semi automatic rock the 44 magnum rock is specially designed with very sharp edges For maximum damage at Betty close throwing range the West Bank 44 magnum semi will have your enemies Dugging for cover before even release your throw Perhaps you feel the weight of the West Bank you'll never use another rock again KTRs today was a flies last the West Bank 44 magnum available at the blown of West Bank building in you wow Call 32 at 560 Carla at the you got to admit this has been a pretty heavy duty week. This has been amazing Just gets a call From the fox people again under the identify who it was Yeah, it was Michael Roberts Michael Roberts from the Fox news from the John Gibson show Inviting me to come on to respond to their disgusting Rotesque inaccurate piece yesterday and the answer continues to be no, no, thank you. What's that gonna do for me? See I don't go on any of those shows I've invited on CNN and on this one and I don't go. I haven't done them for years What's the point unless you've got a big fat ego and if you'll notice that you see the same talking heads and all of these shows all the time because it's an ego trip ego trip big pompous blowharts bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap, you know What would be the point? What is it what is the upside the answer is none? I mean talk about husbands is that incredible? I wasn't shocked. I mean I I almost had it for war if you know I just can't believe that it's possible possible. And that was a crack. That's the list of time. Time between runner. I did fix the fax machine by the way. That's going Neil. Thank you. I may be an asshole by fixed the fax machine. Let's see. It should have added to your list. Cuban Raptors. These are Cuban Supposually coming out of rapses. 1993. Believe me. Okay. Whatever you say. This is from a Cuban hurricane. By the way, he says he's got the inside scoop. The poop or something like that. So let's see. Maybe we got a fake mad rudge. Do you think that's possible? And then somebody calls to tell you, Matt Rajbada, condo and mommy beaches. And now what does that have to do with the price of eggshells? What does that mean? I don't know. It can't even call man. Oh man. It's kind of like the whole thing because it's getting four days till election time. I think some people are like, come on. I'm glued a little bit. He acts me. Whoo. Maybe Matt Rajbada's a grudge for what I don't know. But we'll find out. 551 votes. What have ended last 25 years is that I still can't get over the fact that the ass and see they all think it's stuck. Everything is stuck. There we just went through an ass. You want to come on a response? No. No thanks. I'm doing a radio show here. I'm not interested in you assholes if Fox News. Okay. I'm not interested in goose up your ratings and getting my audience to tune in and try to go in on the fact that your buddy there at night's got a zero share in this market. It could have happened. Ain't going to happen. 553 votes. What have ended last 25 years has had the greatest negative impact on Soundfloor. Over to City Rights 19. Ali on 32. Mohourd come to town 53. He's moving down to Hurricane Hurricane Andrew 59. 2000 hanging chat election 131. And the Maryal Bolif 259. Almost 47%. Say, Oye, we went to hell with Maryal. That's what they said. A lot of open lines now. 560. 560. On the AT&T in Verizon line. Here's Miami. Hello. I'm fine. Good one. Carl Springs. Hello. Hi, Neil. First up, it's a good thing Heather never heard that bit about the names of the black kids give them the pharmacy names of the black kids. Oh, don't you answer. I'll play that in a minute. Yeah, I'll stay there. Listen, that's all play that in a minute. I want to give you a quick shout and a happy birthday. Thanks. Also Matt Druz. He reminds me of how he doody with duty being the operative words. And please keep using mid-church because the day you retire, radio is officially dead down here. Please keep using mid-church. Oh, nice. Because we don't want you to retire. I know you're mid-church. I'm not that stupid. I have a great day, Pat. Yeah. I have to work out. I was 110 if I was still with mid-church. Nice gone. Much great job, by the way. So let's see. We've got all kind of conspiracy theories about how this whole thing developed. We've got the mole factor. And then we got the bill of Riley factor. And then whatever else. And then the metroge factor. And then there's Max factor. We must provide all of pancake makeup for the people at fascist news network. That orange pancake. I listen. Maybe some of you people are watching a few layers of that off. You're starting to look really ridiculous. I'm still trying to absorb what you told me about the people calling from the John Gibson show. I can't stand John Gibson. I can't stand the Fox News Network. They make me want to do the right my pants. Okay. Hey, by the way. Don't forget to join Marks and Mike's. Mike's hard lemonade and Joe Costell are three to five this afternoon in public. Northwest 180, street in this game. I stayed to win a stop by the wind big prizes. We're just into one tickets to the big race. The part of our race. November 16. I didn't say that. Somebody else is whispering to background whispering by the graveyard. Here is North. What is it for a lot of Dale? South for a lot of Dale. Somewhere in between. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. I have a good meal. Speaking. Can you play the G. How Johnny song for me? I'll think about if I got time. Okay. See you. Do I have time? We'll see. I'll see. Here's Lake Worth. Hello. Lake Worth? Oh, I'm sorry. That's okay. I'm sorry. Listen. I missed the whole thing. I want to bring up anything bad. But what caused the rips with you and how it gave it with. I don't want to go back to the ground. I don't want to go back to the ground. Again, the fact is that it's a guy with no sense of humor. You know, he came to town here and I do the same with him. I do with everybody else. I take a few podcasts at Hank. We have fun back in fourth with Mad Dog with everybody. He can't handle it. He's beyond that. He's above that. I'm on professional. And that's sort of a bitch that's faggot above. And so he's really got to bug up his ass. And so, you know, he's, we got a, a one-sided war going on in his side, you know. I love when you're now in this part of the coolest part of the shop. Yeah. And everybody loves it. Last night. But the problem is he can't let his hair down. Oh, that was about that expression. You have to have that. That's going to happen, right? Are you pouring? I don't think that's ever going to happen. No. Well, he doesn't have a lot of money. But you don't see him, yeah. Now, his pictures on the website are something that never had a... Yeah, the QM website, go to QM.com and you'll see that dead animal that died on the sand. All right, we love you, Neil. Thanks. God bless you. Yeah, Moe just unfortunately can't loosen up a little. But in fact, that's what the clearance was complaining about this morning too. And they were doing all that banging against the wall. And they said, yeah, what's he loosen up a little? But he just can't do it. 21 till 1 at 5, 60, W, QA, and we're everybody's just gone. But, like that. Yeah. So, Heather from Fox News. Hi, Neil. How are you? I'm okay. I think. But thanks for taking her call. We've been trying to reach you for the past couple days. We're trying to reach me. You've called people that haven't been invented yet. You called dead relatives of mine. What's the story, Heather? We're working on the story about the CD you're promoting on your website. That's called Chissa. I won't say it. And word. Good morning. Heather, are you listening to the show? Yes, I am. I've been listening to as a couple days. And just see you guys. Wait, wait. Did you hear me go through the entire rationale of what that song had nothing to do with Kindlees of Rice? Uh-huh. What about the song, Kindlees of Kindlees of? That has that. That was obviously about Kindlees of. I just want to know why you're playing this on your show. No, I see. I'd like to know why. This is really interesting. Why are you calling me? Ask me why I should play this. We have song periods about Bill Clinton dozens of them. Nobody ever complains of them. Nobody ever complains of them. Nobody ever complains of them. But there's an African American folks up here in New York who are pretty offended by it. Why do you want to wait a minute? Let me say this to you, Karen. We're not in New York. Uh-huh. Okay. We don't broadcast in New York. We're on WQM in Miami. And the fact of the matter is that, in a set for people like you and the people at that right way newsmax.com will want to make a big similar about this. If it weren't for that, they wouldn't even be aware that we exist. We have a, there's an organization that's offended by it as a national organization. But the fact of the matter is we've been playing these songs for many, many, many months. We've never had one single complaint. And when interlopers like you from outside like from Fox News are from some right wing website, want to tell us what, I mean, for you to ask me, how come you're playing that? Because we want to play it. Okay. What's the value in it? What is it? What is it? What is it called? It's called comedy. That's what it's called. Do you have a sense of humor? Do you think it's funny to call a call kind of leave the right in a, in a, in a dick in a dick? Well, Harry Bellafonte called her the house Negro, caseable color whatever we want. But that's a little bit different. I mean, he was taking issue with not the least bit different. She is the house Negro. See you people at Fox may not understand this. Not everybody in the world is the right wing or like, group or Murdock. There actually are those of us who are progressive or moderate live or whatever we are, who also have the right to speak to express whatever we want. So, so we're, we're doing again what you just said for me there. You think she is a what? She's the house Negro. Uh-huh. And you don't find anything wrong with that. Well, what do you mean wrong with that? It's a fact that's my opinion. Am I entitled to my apartment? I'm your, you're certainly entitled to your opinion. And that's basically, that's basically what Harry Bellafonte said as well. And it's obvious, this is why nobody returned your calls. Whatever your name is. Because we knew that you were trying to stir up a bunch of crap and take something out of content. When I asked you to do anything. Did you listen? Did you listen? Did you listen? We're not doing it. We're not doing it. Well, Rob, you go. Okay, it's my show and I'm not going to have you scream over me. You're trying to talk me. Okay. Okay. You know, I asked you in the beginning of the conversation, which I was very common. I asked you, did you hear me explain the origin of that song? The rest of Tussan song. The fact of the matter is, and I don't, I'm sure he must have been on your channel. Randall Kennedy, the black, author who wrote the book, Nigger the strange career of a troublesome word. Not that I'm a word. Well, he was certainly on CNN. He was on MSNBC. Maybe he was on Fox because he wasn't that, I don't know. Maybe he just didn't, weren't aware of it. Mm-hmm. Oh, yeah. We all have had a question for you. Are you aware of that book? You portray yourself to be this sort of liberal voice. But yet, your, I don't, I don't portray, I don't put labels on me. I'm, for example, when you call yourself that, I call myself a human being. You see, you people on Fox, it's this old liberal and a conservative. That's stuff when I would hide button shoes over. I'm making living and bringing you things in a video. In addition to why do I have to end Miami Florida, answer to some assholes in New York on Fox News, how I do my show. What is it your business? There are a lot of people who care, and there are people in Miami. They care about this too. Who are they? Who are they? Name me one person. Miami is concerned about it. We know down there certainly. Name me one. Name me one. Name me one. It's offensive. Name me one. Name me one. Name me one. I don't care what you see. And you're all in her. We don't like comedy. We're so okay. Have a nice day. Okay. We're calling her whatever we feel like calling her. She's a public god damn figure. And blow it out your right way. And you and Bill. And by the way, I already didn't make the number. You are. Oh, no. You're. Congratulations. Doesn't make them a bill. Oh, no. Congratulations. You're from. We're so okay. You're no jigsaw far apart. And the leaves are. And the leaves are. What you'd be doing. Get me a ashes black dead. Broken schmots of stars. Is you say, because you are at home. And you're. Is you to black day and to memory of this month? Because they like you, and you shine their shoes under the sun Oh the way you wash and off the white is gone Jogid Junior says he trust you, completely true Who tell our allies of the greedy or the low? But then he make you clean all the white house bathroom The purpose of the toilet and then scrub the floor They share you, go with andals, download you, throw Your homes keep don't help make them all over the kitchen You'll never be naked, look you slack, it'll be felt cold If you'll be what you'd be that don't do All right, one day while you'll be sitting fast, it's maybe that That day, dreaming you just like your ester room That's when your head will move from side to side Dr. Leighlo, it's your bullshit from here They be crack or asshole How 48 is 560WQM? Don't forget join my Charlotte Lomenage, your castell of 3-5-7-8 publics Northwest, 1-28, speed and the skin, both of our North Miami stop by The usual low budget QM prices And register when tickets to the big race on number 6 16th, sorry In case this thing about math rogers true, let me just go on record right now I've been singing it for many days, I'm going to be getting out here very soon Like in a few days, so if he would suggest that I'm leaving because the heat is on And because he said this and this one That's the answer to that, okay It's almost enough to make me want to stick around Almost, but not quite Here's the fact that says, dear Mr. Rogers, from Larry I know you're intelligent and rational is what it says How do you like that? A fact that says, I know you're intelligent and rational Yes I am You seem knowledgeable when it comes to people's rights Amendment number 6 prevents people from smoking and restaurants clubs Vars and lounges, I think this is not really unfair but unconstitutional I have it to agree with you, or even though I don't like smoke At least not that kind A restaurant owner should have the right to decide if he wants to allow smoking And his restaurant even if it's only in a certain section After all he's paying the rent, electric taxes, etc Passing this amendment will hurt a lot of businesses and people will lose jobs Also a customer should have the right to decide if he or she wants to Win or a place that allows smoking I think a member number 6 should say that all public businesses Including restaurants bars and so forth should be required to post a club 18 in sign all entrance doors Stating whether smoking is permitted or prohibited in their establishment There should be the people's choice, not the government Thank you for reading this, Larry P.S. a friend of mine and he had some friends from your Vism to weeks ago before returning to Europe one of the made this statement This is a great country to visit but I wouldn't want to live here Too many rules How do you like that? It says please read this in 1230, cross down 1240 Is I'll be at lunch and be able to listen to you What's wrong? 50 is close enough And I agree with the Larry Too many guy damn restrictions too many too much repression You can't do this and you can't do that too many laws Too many fascistic laws So did Matt Roger for colleague, and or what I don't know See I don't I I mean he just isn't that stupid Then he would now talk about the first call About how many house Negroes that Bill Clinton have Because Matt Roger is just a two politically sophisticated for that He knows about all the minorities that were in the Clinton administration Regardless of its own politics unless he's just you know Maybe got some bad candy in his bag last night And just looking to stir the potter maybe some of some bad Here's the fact this is his marial boat of definitely number one Thank you Jimmy Carter I was living in cables by the sea at that time had my home broken into twice my office on brickle once How about your other two favorites OJ and Carroyo It says well, no question they're two of the most anxious figures in town But they aren't happenings And on four I guess luckily for us OJ is murdering so far on a west coast 584 votes What have had the last 25 years had the greatest negative impact in South Florida Marial Bolif winning by a landslide 172 The 2000 hanging Chad election 136 Hurcan Andrew 63 and moving up fast right on the ass of Hurcan Andrew Mohourd committed town 60 Ailing on only 33 and Liberty City riots only 20 small potatoes Eight minutes to one we got the mad dog at one o'clock Why in local? We're sports radio 560s you a You a yeah I dare you best dudes Ladies there's nothing worse than a stinky smell emanating from way down there Who? Believe me your love tunnel can get that way pretty fast from improper care So if you want to clean, Prim and proper love canal you need to use clutter ox It's the industrial strength wedge cleaner and it comes in a variety of flavors to please him Hmm strawberry my favorite Hold your horses big guy So if you want to clean fragrant love subway get clutter ox because soap and water just isn't enough Now where were we? Yeah 556 it's 560 WM demand dog will be a long one o'clock then hank of tree and then what we got today One set show in hank sure 530 and then we got a bunch of stuff you probably won't want to listen to 600 votes even on there and 2846.6% say the Marylle boat lift boy Hey Here's Holly would hello Here's Miami hello Hey before I get into my mohower Howard moh Sopaw just for a note for all you second-hand smoke haters like I am Yeah, if you vote for this band just remember this word tourism state that depends on conventions Right, we'll see if the creases and so that will never see casinos down here So just think about that man. I hate it also, but just think about that hank rock I'm out of god Joe Wobby. I was going to get my credentials and I didn't even know who mohowered was I never seen a report so a guy in we've been it was asking the that's hanging out the credential Who's asking for his name and he says Howard and think deeply. I just see a lot of moh He didn't turn around but I know he heard because the guy right in down the name looked at me and started right in the M So you busted me meal. Alright. Good job. Good job. Good job. By the way, I just want to say this with all this hysteria that's been whipped up this artificial hysteria last two or three days I got a real pretty good idea where I would place my money as to who was the in the background stirring all the crap stirring the pot I got two names in mind, okay? See one thing that happens to some people is that when their hanky panky gets prohibited by law by legal injunction They have other ways that they try like behind the scenes to start surging a crap again Okay, because they're compulsive and have no lives And it's just a theory of mine. Of course it could be mad drugs. You think it's mad drugs? Oh no, we don't It could be Cockroven It could be Batman and Robin. Oh Batman or you go again Here's a faction Jane who says interesting to see the corporate media come after you. They must be if search long and hard to find you I have a story in my office, but I have to use the little clock radio position in a certain way in order to pick you up Are you the only radio personality now marching in lockstep of the right wing in this market? Yes, it says This election is driving me nuts. I hope I don't blow blood vessel before I get to vote And then if I get to vote with my vote be counted I heard a computer professor saying these machines can seem to work all day, but that not have any data How do you like that they work but there ain't no votes of them So they just stick a few in depending on what they want you. I got those two names in mind. You don't want to meet or luck in marching in lockstep now a lot of stuff Maybe it's time for somebody to pack his toothbrush. Here's Oakland park hello. Yeah, I got a good more hour on this. I think you guys stepped over the line You know what I mean, you know what he came in you said it was gonna be some joking But now you got him and Galilee doing it you know, whack me each other off. I mean, I think that's a little bit too much now Everybody in the building thinks it's a stealer pay for your sins. Okay. Oh, that's Reverend Jones again Well, we got him back. Let's hear it. Reverend Jones Nice hearing from you and by the way nice baseball cap. That's what Dick Fimer told me it's attractive nice and lovely baseball cap But turn it around the right way. Okay, you're too too old to be wearing it backward. That's for punks Even Carlos is wearing his cap. Not facing forward. Okay, if you weren't backward, you either got to be a punk or some old far trying to be a punk, and that's embarrassing Nice hearing from you Reverend Jones. Here is the Viro B. Tell him hey nail for Tom Long to all right All right, all right. What's about your pole? Okay, if you had had Metro day government in there, I'd vote for all of them And it didn't give me all the reasons in the world to move out upon Beach County Well, I don't understand. Don't get that well all the reasons you asked to vote on there are all good reasons why You know bad events have happened in the 20. Yeah That's 25 years. Uh-huh. If you throw Metro data in there Throw Metro Metro data is Metro data in event Well, forming the Metro. They got me. I see what you're saying. I got an okay. Okay. Well, I'm going to put this call on there As one of the worst events at last 26 years. I would say when you agree. I would say that call could have been and anyway he meant well I know what he's saying out this point, but it's a little I think he's pushing like to see his a little bit too hard. Okay, so I'm going to go home And I'm going to have a wild weekend with Mad Droid. Bye bye bye