The MIME Hurricanes, and the Wixpressing amount of years, Hurricane Hurricane Storm based starts tonight, live from Mr. Hose and COVID-19 grow. A person's feet no miller like Tuesday, Tommy Lechonier and the Beast have a good time. The MIME Hurricanes, and the Wixpressing amount of years, Hurricane Hurricane Storm based starts tonight, live from Mr. Hose and COVID-19 grow. A person's feet no miller like Tuesday, Tommy Lechonier and the Beast have a good time. A person's feet no miller like Tuesday, Tommy Lechonier and the Beast have a call in 12. The MIME Hurricanes, and the Sports Reneal live, 161, 2AM. So, if I have not seen in this morning, but if nothing is changed as of last night, then he'll be taken off the PUP list and he'll practice today. And we'll see what happens. You know, Jed Weaver will line up with the first group, but the thing that's happened because of a lawns-o-be and not, it's really given Randy McMichael an opportunity. And he's first five practices. And now we're talking about him. We're saying, you know what, we got to make sure that this guy gets enough work with the good guys to see if he can help us. Do you find yourself tempering your enthusiasm with young kid like McMichael? Don't not to put too much pressure on him or, I mean, how do you evaluate where he is now? And where would you like to see him by time the season starts? I think the big question right now on Randy McMichael from a tight-end standpoint is, is he going to be tough enough to block once we get going here this morning with the pads on? I think he will. I mean, I've seen nothing. Sound. What is that? What is that? What was that? What was that? How is that possible? How is that possible? I'm sure it's a long story. Wait, no one, I have to have for long story. By the way, Ray Lucas sucks. So here we are in radio land again. And it's a good thing that I'm here because you want to know something if I was doing the show out of town. I'd be out of touch with this. It's... Yeah. I want to show it with us. We apologize for our usual technical incompetence here at WQM ladies and gentlemen, but we had a little bit of a problem. First, Mo couldn't tell a time, I guess. Or let's blame it on Zack. Sure. Let's blame it on anybody but Mo. And ran away to hell over. And then we start, okay, well, we can handle it. Just get that lot of here. Don't buy a house. And we're not on the air. Do you want to do the show open all of the weekend? No, I don't want to do that all on the weekend. Nobody wants to do what I want to do. Do you want to say this? I'll tell George. But he is on clear street right now. But we don't have time to dick around. We got to do our tribute to Tom Jika. You know him? He's stupid. Yeah, well, we know that. Man, thanks a lot, Tommy. I know he's wasn't an agurity. If there's anybody listed right now, it's a little Tommy Jika. You know him? We know that too. We'll get to him. We'll eventually get around to that. By the way, special hello to what's your name? Lisa C. In Arizona, no less. Well, she ended up out there now, you know? It's too early in the morning. But she sent me a nice fancy about Mark Grace and the very happy that Arizona's got Mark Grace and Yaddi and back in 80s when she worked at GTR. She worked weekends in Bordoth and Cetarone, so on. She didn't know who now I was talking about, but I have great taste in men. Yes, I do. And there's nothing to smile on his face. Good start, Doug. Good start. What's the story? Well, somebody tells what happened? Let me just make up a story. One of the switches was no. I didn't know. I think Mo did it. I think Mo did it. I think Mo's wigs. Not in a way of the pot. I think he got caught in a pot. Zacked in it. You know, something that you don't get in the way? The fat. The fat gets in the way. Put down the guy damn bagels. Put down the locks. Just quit eating for like 10 minutes. You got the fat got in a way. Even Robert's giving you the high sign. The high sign back there. Man. Don't get all written in the face. We don't care. We're used to technical F-ups here. Okay. We like it. In fact, uh, made the show three three minutes shorter. We like that a lot of fact. You want to do it again. Let's start over the same way. Keep doing this for like three minutes at a time. Don't worry about it. Now see if that would have happened before nine o'clock. Then you'd have had some real tourists, baby. Then you'd have had some more to worry about. You'd already be out to do it. You'd be on a way out. You'd be wearing a pink slip. Look lovely. Anyway, our pool. We had a lot of crank votes on a pool over the weekend, especially this morning. But there must be up early. I mean, all weekend, but just heavy duty. Look at this. Uh, a feeding frenzy on this pool. Get a lot of people off the street. I don't you think we need a lot more coverage about the sniper? We need the one. A lot. Let's bring some people in off the street. What do you think? Huh? You think it's out. You think it's out? Short? You think it's out. What do you think? See, it's funny that you should have come across that thing too. That's an awful show with Howard Kurtz. What is it called? Uh, whatever it's called. Unceded. Real bad. Real real bad. Real crap. And they just sizzle him and ask. And he sat there with a look on his face. Even though of the scream or peel his banana. He just was psychotic. Because they said, first of all, you're bringing all these people on the year. Not a single one of them has any idea what they're talking about. Uh, what are you doing doing the show in Rockville, Maryland? Making a circus again. And they just grilled and roasted him. And I was like, oh, yeah, I'm, oh, it's called unreliable sources. That's the name of that show. I can never think of the name of it. Irresponsible sources. Unceded. Well, they got to put something on here. There's a bill Hummer. Right now, we head back overseas. Head back overseas. Bill, get on the shipping it out of here. Okay, Mr. Rexford. And then that moose man last night. He comes out with a breakfast system and it's in. Did he really say that right? You left this a number and call us at that number? And they're thinking, see, they're thinking right off the back because they're a bunch of racist bastards. They're thinking that this guy's very in our ticket and he didn't say it right. And they said, is that really what you wanted to say? He said, yes, it do be. It do be what I want to be saying. Okay. So please call us at that number that you believe in us. So what have whatever he said, moose man. Do be. Do you think we can catch anybody in this country? No. How about Osama? No. No. Anybody. Pretty embarrassing. Anyway, what we got four million votes on the pool, which politician do despise the most. Eric apologizes for his spelling by the way. He mispelled almost everything on here. At least he was consistent. He mispelled despise. He didn't have the capital L in delay. He had or in the, well, he had or in snatch right. Strong thermon was spelled wrong. Everything. And he's a proud of it. Hillary Clinton, 329, boy, just barely had a jewelry woman. And then what I told you this morning before the show. Nippin, tuck, nose to nose, but in my book. Jewelie women beats her hands down her up. Goisha pants. Jeb Bush was a strong 3rd, 315, 1587 votes. And I bet you at least a thousand real votes. In the history of the show, we've never had so many esicotic votes. You know, that's a good sign. That's a good sign, Tom, because it means somebody must be listed out there. Little Tommy Jika beside you. I might do the whole show on him today. I might take all my periodicals and just put him aside for a while. Because this man, you know, at least have the balls to write. We know you don't like to show the way it is now. And get your facts right because I'm not here for the whole winter time. I'll be gone before you can say scumbag. Okay, Tom. Balled little scumbag. Maybe you could borrow most piece. You think one of those ones you're talking about is you said he's got a bunch of them. Right. Maybe little Tommy Jika next time he fills in for any captain. He can borrow one of those two pays. The spare he doesn't wear. I think it would be great. Yeah, Kasey missed a sunset on yesterday. The TV book. I knew sooner or later we'd get around with it. Because you don't have the balls first of all to admit that you're full of crap. I'm going to dissect this thing. He makes up these letters like a total of three years. And then he responds to him as opposed to writing a column and saying, Oh, well, Neil is just reading a bunch of crap on here. And oh, let's hope that now he's back in town. He's going to go back to doing those great shows. He had taken those great phone calls time, but you still don't want to talk about what was happening to this show. You still don't want to deal with that because you don't even since he had upon your radio and you can't listen to the radio anymore. He's got a barrel of friends radio at work at the Sunson. I don't like that. The one that tech Anderson used to have alleged. 330, what is it? 330 for Hillary? Julie Roman 325. Jeb Bush 315. The politician used to spies the most. Catherine Harris 166. He beat him pretty good. John Ascrop 146. Jesse Helms 88. Ted Kennedy 86. I wonder if he's kind of a teeter Kennedy. Tom Delay 47. Trent Lot 42. The first time he's been in the country. He's been in the country. He's been in the country. He's been in the country. He's been in the country. He's been in the country. He's been in the country. He's been in the country. He's been in the country. He's been in the country. He's been in the country. He's been in the country. He's been in the country. He's been in the country. He's been in the country. Charlie says. I have a question to you. cigarettes. Thank you. Thank you. blueberries. clim bottle. to loss. We're at a loss he said. Tenant, we're to loss here at QA because we got him. We're just seeing again. Trojan Falons, he loses all the momentum. You don't play the opening bit. You're like, you know, one of those things because Zack is so he's so on age in there because of all the pressure working on that morning show with Mo. He's so on age. That's the problem with Zack. And at the beginning, he was just fine, you know, but now another train monkey. Well, you're monkey, not ours. 11 after nine at five, 60 WQA. I'm so re-look at sucks. Three hours. A re-look at sucks. I'm as ready to a station like we don't know that already. He's got a nice hairdo though. He's got the Jason Taylor haircut. He's got the Trace Bradford haircut. And he's still sucks. Trace said he'll go in there and take over. He ordinarily didn't know quarterback, but he'll go over it and take over. I heard the rumors, Trojan's replacing the crow. You know, Mattress shopping is a complete waste of time. If you do it the old fashion way, but I'm telling you for a coonz aide, speak to those guys that you don't have to do that anymore. You don't have to waste a lot of time and money. You don't have to get ripped off. All you have to do is pick up the phone. Just pick that thing up. Maybe stick your finger right in the phone too. Call 1-800 mattress. You'll be immediately connected to an expert betting consultant who's only job is to get you the best brand name mattress in the world. When I talk about brand names, they got the top ones going. Not some odd brand you never heard of. They've got Surtha. Silly. Simmons King Coil. The best manufacturers in the world and it exceptionally low on beatable every day. Low prices. And when you call at number 1-800 mattress, you pick the day in the tour window for delivery when you're gonna be home. It's convenient for you. And guess what? They actually show up in that two-hour period like between noon and two between one and three. It's set up and so on. And you also get that 30-day in home comfort guarantee which allows you the incredible privilege of checking out the new mattress for up to 30 days. Can you imagine the mess you can make on that mattress for up to a month? And then say, I don't think so. I will give me another one. So pick up that phone at Call 1-Bright now. You'll be sleeping like a baby in no time at all. 1-800 mattress. 1-800-MATTR-ES or check them out on the web if you like it. Mattress.com. We're back. Hey, I'm talking to Muff here. I don't have time to come back on now. What kind of a break was that? Or how do we break and break was that about a minute and a half? As long as all the other ones are, have been. Yeah. Well, we're talking the heavy-duty stuff in here. Okay, we're talking about this new spray gateway. We're talking about an important crap. So don't be at erupting here. Hey, listen, we got a new format here to please-time jikets call all dead air. That's your please-time. No more puri-odicals. No more stuff that'll piss off Tom jikets. By the way, look at the calendar show him when I'm getting out of here. Just to piss off Tom, I'm getting out of here again because he thinks he knows what he's talking about. I'm going to do the whole show today for little bald head of Tom jikets. How do you like that? Neal Rogers. And I still can't get a guy damn a bit in here. We're going on for like 15 minutes. I still can't play anything. That had a request from someone who really enjoys the job you do for the end. I think I should get his effects. And about your reading of puri-odicals or whatever he says, don't sell yourself short, do all the reading you want. Ved-time stories, he said. That'll piss off Tom jikets. If you start doing bed time stories, man. Oh, George. Get out of here. Get out of here. What time is this you got, do we got? We already heard about red-lookers sucks for three hours. Oh, George. Notice how you won't even dignify I'm in here. Oh, George. Get out. Here's our poll question today. The media coverage of the sniper has been outstanding. Okay. Okay. Too much or just another feeding frenzy like OJ, John Bine, uh, Sean Ra, et cetera. And I notice on the poll here, uh, Eric puts believe me. I know about feeding frenzy. I don't know if that means him or me or both. We both know. In fact, this weekend. What? Feeding frenzy. Well, I mean, why the hell not? Lost two pounds? All right. Balance for life, man. Those beautiful stools. Even a nice bar in town don't have beautiful stools like that. I'll tell you. Just beautiful. Tape word, you know. It's great. Anyway, so yesterday I'm having a decent weekend. One of a few bucks at the track Saturday. Pick up my son sent me yesterday morning out on the front lawn. I go in and I'm reading in of course the first thing I do every Sunday is I open up the TV book, which it's almost impossible to find. It's almost impossible to find anything in the Sunday papers here because there's like 9,000 pages of ad special sections for this brand smart. This, this one at everybody's got this special sections. But I always managed to find it and the aside the TV book too. And here it is. And I open up only to page six to see little Tommy Jicka. And when is it got when is the shoe going to drop next? You know what I'm saying? Get out of time. Stupid. And sure enough. Yesterday here it is. Question. And we know you've been making this up for years. Time haven't I always said that he makes these up. Yes, I have any does as opposed to having a ball. Like I said, a writing column is saying, oh, Neil shows sucks. And he just reads all his prontarist stuff on the year. And what happened? The fun we used to see because evidently this is a man who's in denial about how to show is the generating until I finally took the bull by the horns and stopped talking about a bunch of maltreating assholes on a year every day for four hours. Who were destroying this program? But Tom just out of touch with us. He's the one that's out of touch. Maybe too much time in LA getting wind and dying out there by the networks. I would always them follow show previews. Remember the spring book came out. We had a great writing book and it was all the big news and radio on this market. Tom couldn't be here though. Why? Because he was out of touch. He was in LA. And I guess they don't have the internet in LA. So we couldn't have got that information from Arbitron. He couldn't have got that. And nobody could have fasted two a month or so. We could have written the column. No, Tom's a right 8 million columns, almost every one of which having to do with network TV shows, having almost nothing to do with anything local. The only local article this man has written in the last 500 years has been about well, the TV news partners of the newspaper. Does anybody give a crap which TV station they sent similar to Harold is affiliated with. Of course not. Who gives a crap? Who cares? Tom? Over and over and over again about Irriga and of course the TV cooking shows schedule don't forget that. Don't leave that out. Of course. But anyway, here's the made up question by Tom Jick and yesterday's sent a TV book. Question. It's time for you to take back what you said about Neo Rogers being out of touch because he's out of town. Come on man. I've just heard articles from Marine Dowd. Bill Sapphire. News of the missing flow to folks from the November election. News from the Dallas morning news Toronto Sun Wall Street Journal etc. GW via email. Little Tommy Zancer. You aren't being sarcastic are you? I hate that. Relax. Neo is back in town for the winner. Neo is back in town for the winner. You should live so long, baldy. So periodicals on audio will probably give way to the tapio show that made Neo the dominant tuck personality in the market. Periodicals on audio. We don't have like an open it says that the Neo Rogers show aka periodicals on audio. Come right up. Say like I said instead of having a writing a column and saying oh all he's doing is reading these columns on here and you'll notice by the way that over the years I've read many of Tom's columns on here. Did he ever have any problem with that? Did he ever say it was like periodicals on audio? No that was okay. That was all right. And as far as all of these other places see this is what really grinds my ass because he just a hard ass who doesn't want to admit that he could have been wrong. When I was in Toronto and we had the election debacle on September nobody in this market covered that like I did because it was right on the internet. See unlike the newspaper time unlike your newspaper which goes to bed at 1230 or when a clock at a morning and has a deadline and can't get the late night at overnight stuff and can't change it because it only comes out once a day with stale old outdated stuff. Unlike that we had the stuff right off the state of Florida website. And who was the updated. I'm sure you remember that like two days three days after the election. Oh and the janitor we know what did this in the bill. And what did I tell you that McBride was going to hang on a win a very very close slim win and he did. And every time a new precinct would report on there we'd have it on the air. When they had the episode on alligator alley with a three schmothaids there and a woman from shoneys in Georgia. Guess what time I know is since you're the TV guy I would have thought but you know what do I know. I would have thought that you'd understand the miracle of satellite TV. Or even cable TV because all around the world is CNN and MSNBC and Fox News and all these things sky news, BBC and so when the alligator alley thing was going on we headed on a year even though I was not here physically I was sitting in Toronto we didn't miss a beat we headed right on here including even the little robot we headed all in the year. And even on that day I was sitting all this crazy speculation these people I've got any idea what they're talking about including Paul Zahn who's speculating they're underweighted turkey point to blow that thing up remember that yeah and I ripped her an ass about that as it was happening okay as she was spewing her crap. Right Paul. Oh that was pre-satembre a lot of it. Yeah well that's the two bad. Bitch these people on here man absolutely unbelievably irresponsible. But that's a big cause they got a lot of time to fill up but get back a little Tommy. See I don't do the show for you Tom I've tried to tell you that before now that I'm back in town you'll notice their show hasn't been any different these last several days that I've been back here than if I'm in Toronto if I'm in Amsterdam if I'm in the end of his wealth except of course for the aggravation factor which Thomas be one of those who enjoys that I don't I don't can't stand it. Periodicals on audio. Like I said have the balls to stand up and maybe you don't have a time you never had any never will. The just given opinion and say it's yours as opposed to will like some funny letter that you make it up and then again don't I feel bad that Tom don't like to show them? No. And the amazing part of it is nobody inside the building has ever indicated to me other than PD Lenny who's a backstabbing phony but other than that nobody has said oh gee you're reading all the stuff on here what happened what the show you were used to be the show the way you used to be was it was dying okay was being buttured by the same 1520 cause when I hear old jole again they're old jole with mo at the end of that show this morning stupid. I'd that's sad to say to myself thank God we're almost never take calls on his show so we can take the same half dozen goofballs losers low lives no lives and keep putting them on here again so they have something to do to keep them off the streets and by the way jole we know Ray Lucas sucks okay we know it he blows I was high five in myself during that game yesterday when he front running phony though we want to be feedback what did I tell you what did I tell you now they love to be a dealer the jubler from Dartmouth what a what a phony front running absolutely ridiculous place right up to last minute five in one team buffalo bills one of the longest any probably they are along with the jets the greatest rival reason to dolphins have and they had to go right to the last second channel for how to buy up the last thousand tickets or more so they could not black it out all these people they gotta be out talk is cheap it's easy and let me tell you one more thing Tommy jica in the same sun settle was this yesterday was this uh Saturday yesterday same paper in the same guy named paper here's Lawrence A Johnson the classical music writer WKAT style has classical fans howling they're howling they're pissed off but this isn't written by the guy who's supposed to cover radio and TV this is written by the classical music writer and waiting to see this I had like uh staples again look how long this freaking article is okay no seriously waiting to you see how long this damn thing is i'm not unfurling it um look at that wow a whole big article here by the classical music editor i didn't even know newspapers had a guy named classical music and especially in the town like this with a sophistication level a south florida but the guy that's supposed to cover TV and radio who's just too much of a big shot to write about radio anymore he doesn't write this or anything about it any more than he wrote about party radio in power 96 or about any other stuff that goes on in this market so it seems to me time that if anybody's out of touch you could be here all year long you could save your dog and pony trips your paid all expense pay trips to LA till they can win and die with those new fault TV shows you could say that you know something you could be here every day of your life and you'd still be out of touch time you still be out of touch a little ballhead of geek and you know he's listening right now how else we know that i'm back in town for the winter they got to told him maybe a little bird told him uh maybe the blue bird is on his shoulder took a crap on his shoulder instead of remiss for a change maybe the radio reporter reported it that could be maybe the inside the radio insider reported it you know what I'm saying 26 after nine i can't work up about this and in two hours from right now the summer book is gone come out and if we have a crappy book you can be god damn sure time jiggle put those numbers in there and say oh that's because he was out of touch and he's reading periodicals on the air and he's doing a show out of town of course he won't be out more much in the fact that you were on who for two out of the three months all George and if we should buy some miracle have a good September which will be able to extrapolate and uh irraculate and a masticate will be able to do those things with these numbers the next couple of days which is what's written when eleven thirty comes in the god damn summer book comes out of town i hope you got you weird glued to the radio okay i hope they got you tied up in a little corner with the air with the radio glued right to your ear and it turned up so loud that your head is spinning like a dravel i guess people probably don't like those anti bush through either because you know time for all of his well he's uh all for this and he's a progressive guy he's uh politically uh confused i'll be very kind politically confused he's stupid 27 after nine at five sixty w to kill him let's face it you've been hearing about fast train for quite a while I'm wondering if it makes sense for you the facts are simple if you have the dedication fast train will provide you with an necessary training to become a certified computer professional according to time magazine that a man for computer professionals will continue to explode our average student completes the training in just four short months attending school three nights a week once you've completed your certification fast train will assist you in getting that new computer job fast train advice to the common and visit their trained career counselor and determine which track is ideal for you call fast train at eight six fast train to set up your appointment with work in v-neal occasions you'll find him in candle mimey pembroke pines and four lotter nails so there's bound to be one nearby you don't forget to ask to career counselor for list of students like yourself that are currently in their dream jobs and on some horseball business like this cough fast train toll free one eight six six fast train that's one eight six six fast train or check them out on that wicked worldwide web at fast train dot com a goddess finished one hour your younger Saturday morning drawing full windows jammoth left at them please up對啊 be that crystal ball second eagle raucan role height the teddy자를 WILL do Perhaps they poem will help. The damn to damn your one-wacked outdude. And just like your oil, your smelly-and-groo. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. And most did you say your square or friend? Oh, you mean Rocky? Sure, he's over there. It will be there. It will be there. Oh, my, okay. What did you know about this to them? Don't ask me. Ask my anti-hitty-addu. And the aircraft. Ha ha ha! Join us next time for oils well that ends well. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. For me, oh, oh. Here, Rocky and Bowling. Saturday morning on New Collodius. 93, here's the definitive facts to clear up that dilemma. Of course, it's interesting because this person you notice is still listening. As is Tom, you can be damn sure the Tom Jika. He's very, very, very, very. I've heard this in the morning. He's got a turn-up so-go-dam-lady's getting good vibrations. Facts as good morning Neil and George. I'm ready to brought my attention to Tom Me J's question in the Q&A section of the Sun Sentinel's TV magazine. I can vouch for Tommy's sake and that the question about your show is indeed for real. I know because I wrote it. It was edited a bit, but hey, he was too busy viewing the new John Witter sitcom to respond to the rest of my comments. Have a great day, guys. Listener, uh, George identified the TV magazine as GW via the internet. GW, that sounds interesting. Anyway, so there's listener George who facts us all the time by the way. Okay, so he haven't had any problems with it. So it wasn't sarcastic. No, it wasn't sarcastic. Because the guys still listen and you know something like, I always say Tom, if you don't like to show, I got one thing to say to you. Bye, bye, bye, yeah. Have a great day. Okay, turn over to Rushit noon and Bill, uh, what's his name? Bill Make Believe. And have a good time with him. So anyway, Lawrence Johnson, the classical music writer, goes ballistic about the crappy KT signal and it blows and then I play in the right kind of. Let me say it again. On you classical music people out there go out and they have these amazing things with tremendous quality. They're called CD. What does that stand for? Go to the fricking record store and buy you a bunch of Mozart and Beethoven and handle and Bach and whatever else you like and buy it. There you go. Buy some of that direct and quit belly aching. I've never in my life seen such a bunch of winers and cry babies. Maybe next to the dolphin fans. Maybe they don't have a CD player in the back of the wild. That right Lucas sucks. Who? But, uh, maybe they can't afford a CD player. All these intellectuals are supposedly so much brighter and so the high browse. You know, there's so much above the rest of us, the intellectuals. The chief skates, evidently, who want everything for free. Everything's got to be for free. See, uh, quite frankly, no matter what kind of music you like in this market. You're not going to hear it on the radio. Right. Why should they be any different? That's right. They get to be right. Why do you classical music people hear the music you want to hear on a radio? One of the rest of us can. We have to go and buy our own goddamn CDs to listen to in the house in the car. Our Sony Walkman. Whatever. So don't be giving us a song. It's like your special. In fact, you're the ones with a big bucks going out there and buy some real big, expensive goddamn CD, uh, some stereo. And stereo. And a lot of good fun house. And and go and take your car over to a watch a call to sound advice. Are they still in business? Sure. Why, I don't go there. You want it a lot because they move. But anyway, take it over to sound advice of one of those, uh, in car stereo deals. Where they can start. And 80 billion dollar, uh, stereo system in your car. And they'll put speakers on in the doors and underneath your seat. And on your. Here we were, okay. You'll have violence, uh, uh, it was twinging your hemorrhides, okay. In fact, even most of it, he's got a good steering. I got violence, uh, twanging his vericose veins. It's especially after yesterday. By the way, I mentioned Ray Lucas sucks. Three thousand hours of Ray Lucas sucks. See, I don't have to be here to know what a bush league horseball place this is. Time. For example, the big story with a panther is how about that game that I ain't by going. Oh, Atlanta. Hmm. The big story is my keen and the Rick Dudley, the GMR and war with each other. Steve, why is you going out of the juniors? No, you're not staying here. There's a big war going. What do we get? We get from my gruesome with today's son, settle a puppies about Peter, Warrell. Oh, my God. It's never going to change. You could leave here and come back a hundred years from now. It'll be the same corrupt horseball, uh, horse and buggy place. So what, what do I need to be here? What, what did I miss? An airbie person that I've spoken to during this, uh, very short live the visit packet of town? And I say to them, well, what did I miss this summer? What's been going on? Not a goddamn thing. It was hot. You know what? What happened here? The September 10th election thing, which like I said, nobody covered it like I did. That's number one. And number two, the, uh, business on alligator rally. I'm at Friday, which we were all over, like, stink on, uh, time. So, what, what did we miss? Because there's bad drivers here. See, Tom, your problem is you're stuck in a time warp. You're in the past. You're living in a freaking past. And I had any day that we hear. I'd rather read articles by Mary McGrory and by God they Marine Dowd and by all of these people. Robert Sheer any day the week. Then listen up, thank you. Not cold time. You're a douchebag. What? Money going. See, you're out of touch, Tom. You don't get it. You got to go with the flow. When things change, you've got to change. And like I said, because we're just killing time out till 1130. Maybe the number is going to suck George, then it'll be all your fall. I know. Because we already saw that, well, wasn't July was okay, but August man. Huh. Even the don even a brotted source never laid an egg that big. But the whole station was in a crapper in August. Okay. You remember what Carl Roves said? You don't like start, uh, trying to pedal new crapper in August. Oh, you wait till September. You'll have to labor day. Then you pedal the war. I mean, whatever your pedal. Like I said, see, I feel good about the show when it's over. When a clock like I've done something productive here. I don't have anybody with a ball in the building coming to me and say, like, P.D. Lenny, who's busy bed, nothing else behind our back. Because he's a backstabber and hate you like poison, but nevertheless, oh, he can't sell the show because that damn little spick is on in December. Why don't you come here and say it to his face, P.D. If there's one thing I can't stand at its phony's. See, it's one thing about me. Whether I'm in Toronto or Amsterdam or here, I'll say the same thing. Okay. If you notice that, the same guy's in. Whether it's about mode down the hallway there. Who don't have the ball's even face me? Because he's afraid that his his his wife might do, you know, some some wheelies if he saw me through the window. Makes them cut off the audio. He didn't have to worry about cutting off the audio. Did it in on a clock as we weren't on the air. Maybe that's the new deal now. Maybe we have to have a three minute wall separation there. The wall of silence. So that Mo has there the wall of silence to give Mo in his, his to pay time to a wheel out of the building. And so he didn't have to be subjected to this awful crap. The monkey grinder. That's right. Won't have to get here as early as I usually did. Yeah, there you go. Let's come in about nine thirty sounds good. They can't figure out when to get off the air anyway. Somebody reading the clock. No, you know, when a her piece of, you ever see like Mo Howard the original one. When you're, or like in like Haja fall, when your hair piece starts falling down over your eyes, it's not easy to be de-clock. They seem to be having more problem on that show at the getting out on time. I remember probably because we had, had it reminded again forty, fifty more times that Ray Lucas sucks. Did you know that? Who? Ray Lucas, Ray Lucas, Ray Lucas. Don't spoke as with Ray Lucas. He sucks. I watched that yesterday. And I was going, I was high five in myself. I was so excited. I've seen little time. That's just little girl's teams. I've seen little teeny tiny girl's teams. Put a better performance on in that. And his dandelive bastard on a front page of the Haroldus one. Oh, he'll be okay. He'll come back. Ray, you should live so long. Mr. Hotel, do you know? He knows just as much is all the experts there on the talking head state about the sniper. Nothing. Nothing. But that's his time for you. Because it's just like the colors. It's the same thing with the columnist. They got nothing to say. They haven't got a freaking clue. You can smell it. You can walk out on the streets and you can. Oh, my god. I must be in the aintest at the universe. Whoa. Man. The stench. And you know, let me tell you something else. Yesterday morning I get up bright and early. And I went to public. So, okay, because I need to get this. I need to get that. There were several of my listeners in there. They were all very friendly. How you doing? You'll like to have your back. Nice to see. There wasn't one person who said, you know, all those periodicals and those articles you're reading on here are putting me into a coma. Now, maybe they thought that, but it seemed to me like they were happy campers. Yeah, they're just saying that's your face. They were just saying that that's right. They're like, he didn't even either just suck it up to my face. But behind my back, they give me the old. That's right. The old one, too. With the end of their shoe. 941. Do I seem like a little whipped up here today? Because I am because Tom Jika. Like I said, if you hate the show, Tom, you're entitled to your opinion. I don't know. That doesn't bother me. But come right out and say it. Write an article about it. Write something. Just keep spelling my name right, please. Thank you. You know, we all had different lifestyles. Just that little Tommy. Therefore, we need different products to make us feel better and be healthier. Only a metmete is raining in formulas or advanced combinations of pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with good stuff. Vitamins, minerals, or levels of nutrients specifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs. Look for all your meds, three new formulas. Maybe they'll come out with one for ratings. Mo. Look for all your meds, three new formulas, which are sleep, weight management, and co-cute 10, are using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil, the best and money can buy. Oryumet is an outstanding product. Don't forget to call Ponytail, by the way. And you can pick up all your meds, publics, records, Walgreens, for more info, call them at this toll free number. 1, 866, Oryumet. That's 1, 866, 665, 366, 633. And you can also order them online if you like it. And if you're a publics and buy an Oryumet product in data-broward, you can get a coupon for a free Larry Coker Bobblehead doll while supplies last. Don't forget to visit their sampling provision that sports down every Sunday when the dolphins are playing the home games. Like yesterday, I think the dolphins were supposed to play it home yesterday, but I think they missed the bus. That's the where I heard Ray Lucas had a sit on the back of the bus, and by the time it got off the bus, the game was already over. Start feeling healthy right now. Pick up some Oryumet and pop it in your posts. You can't see the wind and the wind. This is for 205. You weigh in. Enjoy. Enjoy. Hello. Hello. Hello. On DoLisa, Catalina, different moody. Another cream. We're so fucking yellow, keep so far apart. Drone to Lita, as she and Jim Mammere, who the smart girls they lack. And you can't miss you, scum to Lita. On the way you wash and knock the whiteest cars. Jogidunia, say he trust you, but the Lita. So, tell our allies on the greenery or the low. But then he make you in all the whiteest bathroom. The cup is eaten, the toilet, and then scrub the floor. They tell you, don't wear sandals, don't leave your home. Your home's keep don't help, make them warm, rich and beautiful. You're not being naked, you slack it, people throw. If you'll be what you'd be, let go of your spoon. On the while you'll be stepping back, you may be alive. That they're treating you just like your ester room. That when your head will move from side to side, from below. Oh, you two push and rub it. Baby crackle asshole. I'm 48, we got diagnosed, maybe. Maybe it says breaking news, and that's always big. See it in SWAT team and ATF surround foam booth in Virginia. And they're sharing a public safe with nobody. Stand up and rain in the like hell. Interesting development. Kelly, I'm just hearing the CNN canal confirm an individual has been taken into custody. That is about all we know. Come back to the certificate significance of what we're looking at here. Bill Hammer was saying a little bit earlier on. There have been a number of falselys in this case, but given the resources have been drawn to broad street here in Richmond, Virginia, what does it suggest to you? Just me, high interest. Obviously, if the feds were co-located with the locals, then that would mean that there would be a person of interest in the land. Quickly to a site. Now, that kind of response wouldn't be rolled out for a prankster if it was known or a guy that was going to file a false report. Let's assume that this must be the full member that was left for that. Would you any idea could find out where the full member was. We spoke this morning. If this was a test of police holding information secure or ensuring the sniper safety and it went this way, we should go. I hope this is another one of the Mappal Pandote guys. Kelly, stand by. I'm going to ring Casey George. That's on. She's going to be alive. I'm going to continue to vote. That was a picture. I'm going to vote for the VHC. Ari Dawson, our witness, described. Mappal Pandote. I'm going to vote for the 30s. Police ban showing up on the scene. The helicopter in place. The helicopter in place. The helicopter in place. The courage and the budget. The police. The police. The police. What does this mean? What's the most main? Have it on the press conference now. You never know. It could just be an unfortunate. It never happens to have a white astro van who pulled up and tried to make a phone call. We have progressed so quickly in the last 12 hours in terms of developments in this case. We have this phone number. We have this invitation to call. You know what the number is, don't you? It is. VHC would 45789. Contact was made that a trace might have been placed on a on a pay phone. Lightning fast. Far greater speed to do the trace. This is conceivable than the call might have imagined. And of course, because a plan was in place as Kelly indicated. Perhaps this is the end result of that plan. Ari Dawson, are you still with us? Yeah, I'm here. Tell us what you've seen in the last couple of minutes since we left here. We have safely surrounding the place. Now there are. It looks like military. I don't know if there are police officers. What the type Howard White will walking around. Keep it in the process. It's pretty much a scary place to be right now. Yeah. And imagine, especially when you hear what some of our experts are saying. Once again, we see an anacornal confirmed that they have the police officials there. One man in custody kind of hard to tell who's heading up the investigation at this hour. But based on what Ari is described a couple of our experts. It looks like a large presence of the local police there. And then Kelly suggesting, of course, some federal involvement here as well. Ari, could you see anybody being taken from the scene? Have you seen any vehicles leaving that area that have been caught off? No, I have not. You know, like to say, it looks like everybody's been following them just a vehicle. Did you just say that? I was scared. Followed just a vehicle. A lot of foot traffic from the local state and as I say, it looks like. You're also damn good thing. I'm here in town. And we wouldn't be able to have this on the area. You know, we'll see with high powered rifles in Swat Gear and, you know, camouflage. That kind of thing. A moment ago, Ari, we were getting probably the best shot we could showing the proximity of the Exxon Station to the phone booth. Once again, we're not able to screen the stuff ahead of time, but you just saw some officers at the gas pump there. Once again, distance wise, Ari, between the Exxon Station, the phone booth and van, a walk through all that forest. Oh, well, you go ahead and walk through it. We'll go back to doing the show. Okay. When you know something, Paul, give us a call. We'll put it on the air. And like I said, it's a damn good thing. I'm here little Tommy Jika sitting on my ass in Miami as opposed to like in throughout our Amsterdam. Because I certainly wouldn't be able to put this on here there. What I, what, how could I do that? See, so here's the guy that writes about television for the sunset. No, he doesn't understand. He doesn't get it. Maybe he needs to go somewhere beside just the LA for those freebies. He gets to, you know, get wine to die and then smooth by the network. You go to New York, too. New York? Any farther goes back to New York. Once in a while. Maybe they just don't have TV in New York yet. Maybe they don't have cable TV, except for the Yankee games. I'm at, you're at your network. And now, who is this? Look at that. Is that kind of leads? Jump on the screen there. Wow, look at what was that. Let's hear what the hot hours, why was the unit bomber? Oh, you like these ready to, you know, count on anybody in any way. Any fan here? Any fan? Any fan? Any fan? Okay, well, when we find something that we'll put it on in your, okay? Newsweek, no, do those periodicals. Now, time's going to really get pissed off. You know what? Train monkey. That's him. Newsweek says US intelligence had warning of imminent attack in ships in the Persian Gulf Yemen port. These before the French tanker was bombed. Zini criticizes Bush administration on Iraq. Iraq, Iraq is number six or seven in terms of problems. He said, we don't have the resources and attention in the risk is too high to go out of that level. Right now, this is from Newsweek. A key problem in the war on terror is getting enough money in manpower sources till Newsweek. And determining what precision we're and when the next attacks will come. Though officials are conceiting they may never be able to get to that level of precision. In one reason, example on October news because learned US intelligence distributed and alarming report about a possible attack against ships passing through the Persian Gulf with a port in Yemen mentioned as a likely spot. Just days after the report was sent to the White House and via email to FBI counterterrorism agents on October 6th that explosion ripped through the French oil tanker Limburg while on route to the same port in Yemen. This was about a specific warning as officials have had. And yet there was still not enough to tell the truth the attack. As the Bush administration pushes war against Iraq, nude threats loom from Al-Qaeda in North Korea, and some credits questioned their ability to deal with the multiple fronts, rights senior editor, Michal or Michael Hirsch, Washington correspondent to Mara Lipa, an investigative correspondent, Michael Isigov in the October 20th issue of Newsweek on stance today. In fact, as one official put it, this is an administration with a pretty full plate we would like some things taken off. Retired Marine General Anthony Zinye, Bushman East Onvoy, who is an ordered administration with his fierce public criticism of its Iraq policy, tells Newsweek that ironically, the Bush administration is now demonstrating the kind of considered policy toward North Korea that it is lacking on Iraq. What happened in the Iraq situation is we said we're going to war, then we said reluctantly we'd look at other alternatives. It's exactly the reverse of the way it's supposed to be going to war should be a last resort, he said. As Nisez, I think that we discovered containment and deterrence which they were pooping, you've got to pick your fights. Our anchor rack is number six or seven in terms of problems. We don't have resources and attention on the risk is too high to go to that level right now says Anthony Zinye. How do you like that, Apple? So, now what's going on, Paula? Seeking, and because of the drivers in custody, I think that people are probably breathing a sigh of relief, at least for now until we have further details or a confirmation. We don't have any idea who this person is. This could be a witness. This could be just somebody that was making a phone call in a wrong place at a wrong time with a white van park next to the phone book. We don't have any idea. People are breathing a sigh of relief. Yeah, we're breathing a sigh of relief that we don't live there. And when you were in South Florida and breathe on a sigh of relief that you don't live anywhere else, that should tell you how bad it is there. Okay, that should tell you a lot about what it's like there right now. Pouring the catch and dogs there. That's about the only thing I'm gleaming is that they surrounded a white van. It could be just some schmuck with a white van. You see the people they were pulling over the other day? Yeah. But one guy, they handcuffed a guy. He probably opened up a big stupid mouth. They said he looked like another train monkey. 9.57 at 5.60 WKM if your carpets look like hill. If they're in bad bad shape. If maybe you got some pets in the house or maybe some people in house. They just can't control themselves. Get yourself a deal with drug concepts because there's nobody in the world that doesn't better for you. These people have been cleaning my carpets for over 20 years. And you know, it's kind of embarrassing because when they come to my brother time I get around to getting him in there. The carpets are pretty nasty. But they never say a word. They roll up their sleeves. They dry clean the carpets. They leave them looking just like brand new. They smell them. They fresh their dry in a couple of hours. And when they leave the house, it's just they shake your head and say how to help. They do this again. Everybody I know with a brain uses dry concepts to do the same because they'll never let you down. They give you a written guaranteed price before they start doing the job. And they do an unbeatable job of cleaning your furniture and draper as well. Spot dying, fiber protection, carpet repairs, and plenary and will work surface second to nobody in the world. Do a realization and if a flood hits you, complete water damage restoration too. So if you want to stupidest job at a fair price it's guaranteed every time called dry concepts in Broward, call 9504, 370778. In data Palm Beach, call toll free, 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071. Clean today and retain tonight with dry concepts. Live in local, near sports radio, 560 suing, suing, suing, suing, suing. Friend, be fair, friend. 142 votes on the pool, the media coverage of the sniper has been just another feeding frenzy, Alla OJ Sean, Rajambe, 75 people say that almost 62% outstanding 21, okay 19, too much 7. Hello? Yeah. Police around white, climate voyage, you're in many van. Okay, we're going to get a serious second. We join us on the cell phone. Kelly, I want to bring you back into discussion. We're going to get a new one. We're going to get a new one. We're going to get a new one. We're going to get a new one. How is it that they're able to arrive so quickly to something like this? Where are they going to invite it? Well, that's the biggest indicator. This is a pre-existing plan. I mean, look on the screen. There's a tactical van. There's emergency services van. There are many jurisdictions that they have. We'll leave that for now. But they have a vehicle. You and me, as this person came in, if this was a pre-coordinated take-down, which is what it appears to be, how they must have secreted in order for him not to be alerted. It's not worth to the phone booth unless, perhaps, as Casey had suggested, if this is the sniper, he might have discussed his giving up. So, very, very interesting stuff, but from a tactical standpoint, they went to great measures to create a perimeter that was disguised as a trauma. And to your expert on this? So they could roll a meat. If you're like, a mindset that you're ready to give up, you're like, you'll just want more last one like he did try to do not did yet. You take out one more, then say, okay, now I'm ready. That was enough. That's what they call a parting shot. I see. I'm such short notice. Like on Hollywood Square. We bring those of you who are just joining us on the West Coast into our coverage here this morning. You're looking at a live picture provided by WRC. We're going to go back and forth between tape pictures and live pictures from the scene. You're looking at a gas station or a perimeter area surrounding a gas station, the Richmond Virginia area, which is about 15 miles south. Where this latest shooting happened on Saturday night. This white, plymoth Voyager van, according to one eyewitness, has temporary license plates from Virginia. He said there doesn't appear to be any space inspection tags on it. It was his thought by looking at this van that it is being driven illegally. Anything about this picture, okay, see that structure? It appears to be a luggage rack. A very simple frame attached to the top of the minivan, which is again not quite the same as a ladder. A narrow frame appears to be silver or chrome on the top, something that you would be able to tie down luggage to if you were overloaded. So that would be consistent with previous reports too. Even if they have the exact model and make of the white van incorrect. And once again, if you confuse why this will pull up your phone booth, we don't really understand why as well. But apparently within minutes, whoever this was in this van, either getting on the phone or arriving at this location, 30 or so police cars arrived. Kelly, you also talked about what is sort of interesting. What's happened in the aftermath of this? We know a custom suspect. That's it. There's a sentence. It says in North said, Ray Look is sucks. Portments of the video taping that's being done by state authorities on the scene. What did you see? As you're seeing it right now, Paul, and now they've got the vehicle. Looks like going to be rolled out. One of the greatest games in the history of the world through the Nauy United sports, even in the world series. But 11 to 10 angels, 10 giants and angels 11, John Stentleys, 85,000 home runs, very bonds hits another one in the night, thinning to make it within one run, just unincredible. And we have three hours on Ray Look is sucks. This vehicle prior to the pandemic. And the fun is we can go take it to other locations. We're in debt search. Oh, my God. And that Kelly looks like we're replacing right now. Is there train monkey back of trailer ready to go? I think you're going to see the car obviously put on this. This rack. We're going to see the car put on a rack. We'd like to see you put on a rack, Paula. That's what we'd like to see. And torture you deserve it, honey. All those interpret idiota comments about well, they could be on your way to the Turkey point. Listen, when it comes to Turkey's honey, you know where it's at. Bitch. Oh, there's Leon Harris who said, Kirby Pucket on Friday. He put an H between the P in the U. See her ball be a 40's on the same. But see, didn't spell with an F. He spoke with a PHU, which I, you know, that's a little more intellectual. You see now that the 40's are prepared to move that vehicle. Yeah, they're going to move that vehicle. Baby, get those minivan's out. Remember that Peter Paul and Mary song. Move those minivan's out. Well, that was that. Yeah, you do. But those name of that song. We played it. I OD all the time. Move those minivan's out. Well, whatever was. Drugs fund on Kid Rock's bus. Speaking of vehicles as, uh, Paulus and vehicles. Say it. Aren't you surprised? Aren't you shocked? Dismade. Aren't you mortified? Kid Rock? Another train monkey. Kid Rock's tour bus was pulled over and scoured for drugs and Florida's turnpike. Just hours after the rep mental cigarette performance of Burman West Palm Beach. He and his van were on the bus when it was stopped for a top-to-bottom search, including the celebrity bedroom and cornyway police report. Officers said they found a marijuana cigarette. Oh, and a small amount of cocaine. How do you like that? A marijuana cigarette. One. And a small amount of coke. These same Lucy County Sheriff's Office charged Kevin Joseph McMan 36 of Lebanon Tennessee with drug possession. He identified himself as Kid Rock's personal ass assistant according to when a restaurant report. He was released from San Lucy County, jail Sunday on $16,000 bond. Kid Rock had kicked off the aerosmith concert Saturday at the Krollskay amphitheater. Aerosmith was playing in that horseball place. How come money grable didn't tell us about that? If you know you hate it, and he's not going to offer you tickets to go to the Iron Man Aerosmith, no you hate the amphitheater. Well, what was a great group like Aerosmith performing in a horseball place like that? Getting paid. Man, that place blows. The bus was pulled over about midnight a few miles south of the same Lucy Indian River County line by Sheriff's detective in the FHP. According to a Sheriff's report authorities have been tipped by motorways who said drugs were bored. No one was available yesterday to Sheriff's office or the driveway highway patrol to elaborate. Tipped by motorist. Tipped by motorist who said drugs were they could probably smell it. The only other person on the bus at the time was the driver. Maybe he was Steve M. Maybe he was the motorist. Maybe he sold it to him. The only other person on the bus at the time was the driver who said he was headed to Nashville. The band had flown to Nashville after the show we said the driver in the bus will out and leave after the church. How do you like that? Good up standing guy like Kid Rock and his entourage and he got freaking drugs on the bus. A shock. Iraq war unjustifiable says the head of Bush's church. Oh no. President George Bush's own method as church has launched a skating attack on his preparations for war against Iraq. Saying that without any justification according to the teachings of Christ. How do you like that? According to the teachings of what's his name? Jesus Christ. Jim Lincoln or head of social policy for United Methodist ended that all attempts at a dialogue between the president and his own church or the war had fallen on deaf ears at the White House. His remarks came as the US continued its efforts to achieve agreement on a UN resolution that would open away for a tough program of weapons inspections in Iraq. Francis believed to be concerned that the current draft resolution might still act as a trigger for military invention without a full security council debate if Iraq fails to comply. Winkler is General Secretary and of the Board of Church and Society for the United Methodist Church which counts the president and the vice president Dick Cheney along its members. The church represents 8 to 9 million regular church goers and is the third biggest in America. The methodist church he says is not pacifist but rejects wars a usual means of national policy. Methodist scriptural doctor in the edit specifies wars a last resort, primarily a defensive thing, and so far as I know a Sodom Hussein is not mobilized military. Forces along the borders of the US and we're long as important to invade the neighboring country. There are many of these countries pleaded for our assistance. No disease of weapons and mass destruction targeted at the US. He said. Winkler said his church was keenly aware that it counted the president and his deputy among its members and that he was therefore frequently encouraged by others to be very careful about how I say things. You know what we're saying? Be very careful about how you say things pops. Father, he's not a father. What they call them? preach. So we got some real heavy duty breaking news there baby. So looking at and one of the police officers said, you know, please get back inside. So I just I backed off a little bit and watched and more showed up in right go county. Some more undercover cops. Let me ask you did you see the man that was the man in that van right there? Yeah he had pulled up. I'm ran in the van. You see it he had pulled up real close next to that teleplane booth and the car was running. You can see the exhaust. But as far as you can have for lunch. Spam flam. So pretty well tinted so I couldn't see the guy inside. Let me ask you what exactly did this man do? What was his expression when police moved in on it? I know that the police officers expression was. We want to we're going to wrap this take and take you down in my government county. Here we go. We're going to the last night. A brief statement not taking any questions. Just want to ask the indulgence of the media that the message that needs to be delivered. That is that we are going to respond to a message that we have received. We were respond later. We are preparing our response at this time. And this time. Now do you have any idea what he just said that they're going to they receive the message and they're planning their response and they're going to respond and when they get the response together they're getting their response together. Is that what he'd be saying? The most man speaks baby. Oh, and the most man speaks with one of these press conferences every 15 minutes. The war lessons baby. Because he's a pretty important guy. Let's see this fact says good morning. Have to very important details for today. That's right. We're just killing time for another hour to quarter those numbers come out. It says one. The ratings I'm dying to hear how molar he curly did in the arm and the AM. I know George kicked ass. Two did the fish sign Jimmy Carter or Chris Carter yet. Well, now are they going to tell us? Because I realize that they almost never communicate with us. The sports nerds over there. If the word comes in from the dolphin camp that they officially sign Chris Carter, which they desperately need, we'll get it. How do you know that? Because I'm going to make arrangements. Well, make arrangements for that. Okay, because we have some people out there who are dolphin fans who are like, look in their wounds in the second win after yesterday's because Ray Lucas sucks. Also, did you see the sports paid JF kissing Lucas in the year I saw that also go San Francisco giant. Not I like the angels baby and spread a JT snow. Nice going there. JT is having a good series. Still looks pretty good. Like those angels, baby. It's their year. The sniper. It's a here's David Boston says the sniper is Cardinal Law anything to deflect attention from his block. Oh yeah, we got Cardinal Law stuff here. I later on in more of our periodicals, you know. Yeah, there's something in the year and here. I'm gonna hear that. Oh, it's in. Yeah, my chest. There's something in the year. I think it calls for like, oh should it come in here. Major, major lawsuit sounds good to me. Twelve minutes after 10 at five, 60. Must be time jick at his knees. Although we're not belching. It was time when he was on the year all day. I think we still must have the worst indigestion of anybody ever known to my life. Little Tommy. Makes me want to griff just thinking about him. Hey, speaking about the griffson. I'll tell you one place you go and have a gigantic feast and you'll be farting and griffson and have a big smile on your face because you'll probably eat a ton of food. And that's the Emerald coast. The world's most amazing Chinese buffet. There are a lot of Chinese buffet. The other ones are a dime a dozen, but there's only one Emerald coast. It just stands. The ones hidden in the shoulders above the rest because everything is fresh. The food is truly gourmet. They know you use any crap. No MSG, no cornstarch, no that garbage. And they use only cholesterol, free oil and all the cooking too. So it's good for you. It tastes great. The selection is endless. And they got three different locations for you. You'll find Emerald coast in sunrise, north by me, beach in the brand new one in Pemperpines. Start your mouth watering on trade with the choices six different suits. Try them all. Just suck them down. Then sampled dozens of suck on trays. Or you'll serve in turf on weekends with lasking king gram. And New York Strips take me to your order with the gourmet center. That's that sizzling as you will featuring Teriyaki steak. Shrimp, chicken, seafood and even. Hand card prime rib. You're right. There's something in here. The Emerald coast. I think it's poison. I think mole left is a little gas. That must be because the numbers are coming out. The Emerald coast buffet promotes healthy living like I said, cooking all of its fine cuisine with cholesterol, free oil is okay. They buffet features a full salad bar, a new sushi bar, and fresh shrimp cocktail too. And please try to bring along a crowbar sitting open up your pants and save some room for desserts because the dessert bar is outstanding too. With pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream and all your favorite toppings, and fresh fruit even be having watermelon all the time too. It's a perfect end to unforgettable feast. Like I said, three locations sunrise at Pine Island and 44th Street, Collins Avenue just north of 163rd and prestigious North Miami Beach, and the intersection of Flamingo and Pemperp Pines, Emerald coast accept reservations take out delivery available as well, call 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. Don't forget to call Ponytail by the way. And look for our new Oriental Chicken salad too at the Emerald coast. And look for our new five-sixty new one. Yo yo, let's rate for three new big shots. Alright, now we pass the time away in the geo jello bars. Online casino radio, five-sixty, WUAM presents Captain Moe Vena Rue. The ratings for the sports format were so bad. We had to start paying the sponsors. And when the only three listeners we have has to get paid for listening well, we thought we'd get this a drive. Hey, all those boys in Goal! This is your old little baby Captain Vena Rue. We got to your full duck at the Moe Thin Emerald Mint over here. This thinks... I will not be doing this boys and girls. I always have big star at one time seeing, but I gotta tell you kids. Live an imperative I sing cheap. I need to check understand. Alright, let's see if we got over here. Got some great paper. We'll fingers up out the door when we... One in Captain? We want great jeans, let me alone. Aren't you gonna say good morning to our friends? They're right, they're one in Moos. They call me Mr. Moos. I'm glad they're here at the Man Dingle Man. You'll be this man. I'll pipe down, pal. You will be the world right by me. Got the good that strong lines from a proper breed and... I'll stone no judicious. That's what you're stupid at it. Now we're gonna make something out of this Craig paper. You understand? You'll then maybe let up a link source that just out of my pants. Okay? I'm gonna take it. Right now. Here's the paper. I'm gonna need to see each of one green jeans. I'll take two. So let's just take a... It's a joke, you moron. I'll take one for me. How many for you, Mr. Moos? Little who, Tim. Ten sheets of paper. Look at this black-ass monkey over here. He wants ten sheets. Ten sheets of paper. Or I get loose for you, pal. Paper don't come cheap, you dumb kid, too. What are you with? That's gonna cut your famous room. Let me out here, please, Jesus. Hey, please, a green jeans. Around my ankles. Where we went, yours to be. We're gonna down green jeans. Oh no, not again. We're gonna... We're gonna... We're gonna... We're gonna... We're gonna... We're gonna be... We're gonna be... We're gonna... We're gonna... We're gonna... On the afternoon at 5.60, we got the mad dog at one. We got Hank in three, three to sick. I was three to six. And that more between five and six. Oh, that's right, because we got her a cool hotline between six and seven from the hexa. Nice going there, hopper. I got a lot of short shows. And then we got Sifco's Panther, preview with seven of Panthers and the Atlanta Trashers at the... What is it? Office, Depot, not the... Whatever it used to be, Renna Center. Panthers and the Trashers. And that's with the number eight Peter Wrails on the team. That's what my group saw. You wanted to tell ya. Anykay after the hockey game in July, Mark overnight. Don't be talking o' Hawkey on his station. Don't be talking o' world serious. All I want to hear is Ray Lucas sucks. Hurry, interesting. There seem to be quite a bit of police presence here around the property. No kidding. That's a little commotion amongst everybody. We started looking and there was some police standing in the bush and looking around up towards the gas station. And then all of a sudden we see this white van and we're thinking, oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. We had probably what I would say seven or eight unmarked. This is Don Nielsen, who's a car dealer. And out of one of the cars came from the use of it. Open to trunk and proceeded to put on a bulletproof fast and load up thought rifles. They took a very surreal light. And front of the dealer set up to the corner. And the next thing you know, they were just on the fan and a matter of seconds. They pulled a man out, held rifles on him. And away he was gone. Well, how long were those police officers there before the van pulled out? Ah, hey, while I'm going to say by the time I was, it was brought to my attention. Probably 10 or 15 minutes of people looking around, milling around and parked in the area here. About one time. Ah, I would say probably, 15, 820, right in that range. And what time did you see the white van pull up? Can you can be called that white van? Was there when after I saw all this going on? So I did not see the van pull up. One of the girls who worked here went up for coffee and ate a clock and noticed it there at that time. Now, when you did see them go ahead and approach the van. Did you see what happened then? Were, were, were guns, branches? Did you see them over well? This person or was it a quiet negotiation? It was a quiet negotiation. It was very overwhelming. They put their rifles to their shoulder at the time. When they were still in front of the dealership, which is probably a good hunter jar from the van. They kept their weapons shoulder as they approached the van and not at any one second that they'd not have their rifles pointed. At higherly on here is what's got can to sedgia because you play that record by Gary Pucket and Union. Or was locked? It's a little bit rainy here and look at the name right? You see the officers hand-slide off of the door handle. And then one of them banged on the... Okay, well this is all, you know, it's all a window dressing is what it is. But, but, but, but let's fill some time. Okay, and talk to somebody that saw something. Even though we don't have any idea yet. Let's wait for the mousse band to come back and give us the real heavy duty crap, okay? 1023 at 5.60 WQAM Marine downrights in the York Times yesterday. Which means it should be in one of our local papers in about four or five days. These souffle doctrine is the head of this column. The boy Emperor picked up the morning paper and stunned, dropped his juicy juice bus with the little straw attached. All man he wailed north through his god-nousse, Sheriff Musharif was helping them. Elkid is blowing stuff up again. The Pentagon speculating that the sniper might really be alkyte a decoyte teams trying to distract the law while they're playing a bioblitz creek or a dirty vomitac on the capital. Tenants broken out in the hives about the next 9-11. Paule spends all his time kissing up to the Frenchies. Sonom is writing about a river of American blood. Jebis in a world of hurt. The economy's cratering. At least Carl says our war threat is you will open up a can of election day. Whop, on congressional Democrats. This is not the way my new doctrine was supposed to work. We're supposed to be to deciding who we're pre-empting when we pre-empt them. The speech right is called an axis of evil, but it was really just a spoke of evil. Condy and rummy said once we finished off sawtom, nobody will rest America again. But everything's gotten fuzzier than fuzzy mad. Some people were actually talking about my doctrine leading to WW3, Carl says that would be bad. The boy Emperor was starting to feel van boozelled by his war tutors. He needed a fresh perspective. There was a guy in TV with a round face and deep voice running around province, London and Berlin, where he suggested Shrota resign. He was pre-eminent on pre-emption. The boy summoned him to explain the Bush doctrine. Do I know you he asked his visitor? I am the chairman of your defense policy board and amused Richard Proverplied. I'm an adviser to rummy's field, a friend of wolf witches, and a thorn in Powell's medals. Just swie and gremond, Monsieur le Prisident. And he liked that. I got that French line pretty good there, Marine. Just swie and gremond. I've always dreamed of opening a chain of fast food soup, and a fast food soup, flash-offs based on a machine that would automatically separate eggs, beat the yolks and combine them with hot milk and sugar, and the desired flavorings whip the whites until stiff, pull them into the mixture and bake an individual pot without human intervention. Then conveyor belts would bring the glass and closed up into the table, and patrons would get to see their meals rise. I've never found investors smart enough to realize the dazzling ingenuity of the Pearls Soup, Clay Doctrine. Meanwhile, I'm killing time trying to get your foreign policy to rise. I'm known as the Prince of Darkness. Why? I persuaded Reagan to ignore the weakneed strike-pancet of the State Department, and by every weapon inside until the evil empire was scared stiffer than a perfectly executed meringue. But why are we going after a lunatic in Iraq for playing to make a bomb? And not a lunatic in North Korea who already has bombs the boy asked? At the end of the day, Pearl replied his voice dripping with patience for his student, Iraq is an easy kill. But if North Korea can deter us by brandishing a nuclear weapon, the boy pressed, like can't we deter a Sodom by brandishing a nuclear weapon? You must puncture the souffle before it rises Pearl instructed? Why are we mad at North Korea for flouting its international agreements when we've thought our international agreements the boy wondered? You cannot mix the blind creeps who's out without a fire pro-electre. Did you insist that Sodom and Al-Qaeda were linked to Boy Precisted? We made that up Pearls shrug. You have to be imagined that the Divas Audrey Hepburn wasn't Sabrina when she offered to make boat-ease souffle out of saltines and eggs. As the barren told Sabrina, a woman happily and loves she burns the souffle, a woman unhappy and loves she forgets to turn on the oven. The boy said, Tony and Kul and Tony to stop talking about regime change, and instead say, war is the last resort, and stop talking about a preemptive strike instead say, war is not imminent. Their sissy's Pearl said, is that Kuling with an Episene Dostain? You cannot deliver the sashimi unless you use the blade. The boy ever was more befuddled than ever, get me condy-heel than a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Right, so Marine down in today's periodical on, what is it? Periodicals on audio. Here on QAIA. I'm sorry for that Marine down. She ain't no time jick. I'll tell you that. How's this thing coming on? The rest is man, did I put up a struggle? They got 85 million porkers there. They've totally the way to car. What are we looking at here? That's after another interesting point of the story is, once they sent a red Mustang back, an undercover cop, back out on the road, and he drove by the van and turned around. It seemed like right when he got back in there, a couple of police officers ran across the street with what I thought was yellow tape. The police came. While that Mustang went on to a three-to-guys, pop their trunks, they started putting on external bulletproof vests. They pulled out these big, right? Pretty piercing stuff. 27 after a 10 at 5 60-rolling hour away from the numbers baby. Oh man! Hey, Tom Leiman and Hallot Patex EMC are probably crap in airplanes down there too today. Just glued to the radio waiting for those big numbers to come out. Spurs at a morning show. Anyway, no tricks this Halloween and Hallot Patex just treats, and I was in the great 0% Halloween event on now in Hallot. Yes, with a proof credit from GMAC, gets you 0% financing up to 60 months on all 2002 Patex and GMC models, and select 2003s too, or take you a rebate of up to 4 grand. Here's even more good news, no payments for 90 days. Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs, including that snappy on-boy loaded by Motor Trend as SUV of the year. Probably not a good idea to get a white one right now. Plus the old new Pontiac Vibe SUV that's got the power of a big, expensive sports car in a fraction of the price. Hallot's also got a stupidest selection of dependable use cars, trucks and SUVs. Don't buy a white one. And if anybody else turned you down for credit, no problem because Hallot is here. Even if you're a deadbeat, even if you used to work for this joint, they'll cut you to leave it to you know, deep-o, even if you used to work at the Indian joint, they'll cut you to you. It's the great 0% Halloween event that's going on right now at Hallot Pontiac 134.1 South Tixie Highway. That's you, us want to cross from the falls where they've been doing it right for over 35 years. Hallot Pontiac GMC open every day, seven days a week. Don't forget they be professional grades. Come on, my life and look all this is sports radio high 60s. We're doing it. Joey sucks. Mom and I miss long people, way and life. Kelly Carson left the world breakfast with her song, moment like this. Now the world is wishing that was their last breath because fabricated artist records is really seeing that same great single, but this time it's sung by real artists like Bruce Springsteen. Mom and I miss long people where the live chair will be new soon. Mom and I miss long people where the live chair will be new soon. Amen, go a moment just a moment, yeah, a moment that says some people where the live chair will be new soon. I'm happy. I bet it'll bond a moment like this. I bet it won't be one so pretty. Four ways, all I've found is the moment like this CD collection. They didn't want to sing on the CD, but until they released from recording industry servitude, they don't have a choice. Mom and I like the CD collection of the grades. By it and vote for your favorite rendition today. Tool of us to California, fans stabbed at a concert featuring Raff Artis Nellie has died. While another remained hospitalized, the musical event where violence has erupted in recent months. Police said, fight Tamai Tanu. 30. Dad said it was even making a different to be mispronounced in a now because. Died Saturday of multiple stab wounds he suffered in attack during a Raff concert. Friday night said, Dr. Lieutenant Richard Coulson, another fans Sean Bowers, 27 was also stabbed, but he's hospitalized in good condition. Police charged Hank Carl Benegas, 26 and Stephen Francis T. Sam, both 42 of Alpine, with an investigation of murder and attempted murder Coliseum said, and unidentified 16 year old boy who's been detained in juvenile. Facility, which charged with conspiracy, he'd be Sam. But they got sent his uncle T. Sam, and Indian Traveh official were being held without bail. And Indian Traveh official. Hmm. In August at the beat summer jam 2002 concert in Irvine, California, about 15,000 people fled after a fight broke out and still out of the main stage. One person was hospitalized, there were no rest. T. Sam is chairman of the V. Husspan of Kumei, why Indians Kumei, Kumei, whatever, Kumbaya, Indians which operates a casino in Alpine, about 30 miles east of San Diego, telephone messages left with tribal vice chairman, Bobby Barrett, were not returned yesterday. How do you like that Bobby Barrett, he's busy. He's working out a TV deal with DFO. Why you picking on DFO again to the eldest son? Yeah, what is that? He and the little dogs certainly started to look pretty good right now. See when those numbers come out a little over now, our guests here between 1130 and noon. It's kind of like a no-loose situation in many ways for some of us. Kind of like a no-loose situation when win. Because if the morning goes up, if Moe finally throws a number in air, which we're waiting for that to happen, then it could help the rest of us with that bonus money. If on the other hand, the morning like continues its steady decline, and has to continue getting that surge party out there to see we can find an audience and can't gain no mole, momentum. Well, in that case, so you see what I'm saying? No, and then of course if the midday number tanks, I can always blame you. Right? So this is the guy that's waiting. I just, I'm dying for this Tommy. Little Tommy's out there. He's taking notes. Seems who's being naughty and nice on periodic or audio. What up, puts? What a shmuck Tommy. And then the best part of it is the ones who, like it always has been. The ones who can't stand it would like to tell me what else to do. There's still listening. March April May June July August September almost eight months. Since we said here, taking a bunch of illiterate idiotic I've not just dumb as phone calls. Eight months and they're still out there. WQAM. Yeah, can you ask Neil to explain how you guys get the numbers? Okay. All right. Okay. Hey, Neil. We get him. I'm going to go in the sheets of paper. That's what he said. How do you get the numbers? They bring him in here. Clarence will probably be trotting in here. He's doing a fine job. He said, and every time it comes in, it'll probably say, Ray, look at sucks because you know, he's obsessed with that crap. He's one of them. He's one of them. He's one of them sports nerds. Good guy, but a sports nerd. Are you, you have, like, empathy more. I mean, maybe you have a TV. Do you think you might have TV? I hope not. See, and I think I'm catching it. Do I have to be hospitalized for that? TV is highly contagious. Is it? George has TV. I don't want to get anybody in a building psychotic. Where are they? But I just diagnosed it. And I love the way they put all this little stuff on a screen here on the crawl. Oh, and the van is being removed from the prison. Oh, really? No, Schmidt. Sherlock. Yeah, told van has temporary Virginia tags. And they're towing it. They've taken it from the premises. As they show you the picture of the guy named Tochruck. Paul in this piece of crap away. Oh, and now they're removing it from the premises. Whoo! Why not doing all together, boys? To survive it. You don't know if you can survive it. You know, if the police are nervous, everyone's terribly wound up without all of this. I'm wondering if we can survive CNN. That's what I'm wondering. Check intelligence officials have knocked down one of the few clear links between Al-Qaeda terrorists and the Iraqi regime of Sodom who's saying according to UPI. Senior check intelligence officials have told their mercant counterparts that they now have no confidence in their early report of direct meetings in Prague between Mohammed Aftali or these September-Live and High Jackers. And an Iraqi diplomat station in Prague, who has since been expelled for activities inconsistent with his diplomatic status. Quite simply, we think to source for this story may have invented the meeting that he reported, we can find no corroborative evidence for the meeting. And the source has real credibility problems, a high-ranking source posted check intelligence told UPI yesterday. The initial report of the meeting in June of 2009 that Aftali had met Aftali, and Iraqi intelligence official based in Prague, under diplomatic cover whose movements were being routinely monitored by BIS, the check intelligence service. The report also suggested that Iraq was probably the source of $100,000 that Aftali obtained to finance the west leg of the Terra-Mission. The report went on to claim that Aftali turned to Prague April 9 last year on a three-day mission to see Al-Ani once more, just to waste before the majority of the hijacked team left Saudi Arabia for the US. Left Saudi Arabia! The report was then publicly confirmed by a Interior Minister Stanislav Gross on the basis of the initial assessment of the BIS. The nearest to a smoking-unconnecting Iraq to Al-Qaeda, the check report was taken very seriously in Washington in the phase of growing skepticism at the CIA. But other influential figures in Washington including former CIA director James and former Assistant Secretary of Defense Richard Pearl pursue their own increase using their own sources that have now been told by high-ranking check sources that they no longer stand by the initial report. Pearl and Prague this weekend for a meeting of the Tra-Lateral Commission. The Tra-Lateral Commission! Oh my God! Was told in person yesterday that the BIS now doubts that any such meeting between Aftali and Al-Ani ever took place? A meeting of the Tra-Lateral Commission, are you ready for that? Holy crap boys and girls! The question of the check meeting, whether it ever happened is just one aspect of a growing dispute within the Bush administration with officials close to the White House leaping to conclusions while the CIA remains skeptical. There's a separate argument overwax attempt to smuggle a concern to the specialise aluminum tubes, cited by President Bush's assignment, Iraq was building a gas interview system to create weapons-grade uranium. CIA experts doubt whether the tubes in question were suitable for the supposed test and believe they were intended instead for use in missile engines to clear violation of Iraqi commitments to the UN but not necessarily proof of nuclear intent. One of the most dangerous things in this business is to start believing reports simply because it fits with your preconceptions and confirms what you always wanted to believe a check intelligence source told UPI. How do you like that? So there's like the last little pita that was the only shred that was supposed to be they're smoking gun. Smoking gun. Yeah. And it just got cut off in midstream. I've seen about 30 minutes ago the cleavage or white band was got totally, yeah. They took it away. We've seen it on through and started taking pictures of things that are hard to make out what they're picking up or anything at all. But can we sit back at that Mustang one more time? That's her little, those great pictures. Yeah. Those great pictures were it says invoice back would under or aren't you the product that we're back with and forward. Well, sir, that's for being able to read Hebrew. 20, be four, 11 at five, 60, WQAM. Hey, what if you love your home, but you just don't have enough space to do all the things you want to do? Here's what you do. Do 100 of other people be doing call strictly additions. Whether you have it a baby, need another room. If you're converting your car port or patty with living space, if you went into business for yourself and you want to make a home office now, just call the good folks at strictly additions. They'll take care of it for you. There you're one stop. Shop your more space for your place place with an absolute worry for your purchase of a spending or living space. Those no shows by the contractors ain't going to happen incomplete work. No way Jose. No one expected bills. No worries about the job not getting done right. And they take care of every single last detail. They drop your blueprints. They get to building permits handle all the inspections strictly additions has got an easy five step approach to total customer satisfaction. One called a schedule a free project to write a way to implement it to your home where a project estimator will determine the cost of your addition. Secondly, this schedule a bit of payment in their convenience your more you'll get a detailed proposal and an exact price for your work. Third, select your finishing touches go to contract 4 3 view of design, architectural drugs and then fifth, finally use it back and relaxes your dream edition moves ahead on schedule with unbeatable quality. It's a piece of cake. Geist-replay additions are called at 9.547918100. You can check out the red neo pages if you like. They serve all a brown and soft peat Palm Beach County. The next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, The next day, the next day, the next. A new car is ready to be filled. This is ready for our companyented Friday, and we're here at the first day,爱 and I said more and everyone's a member and just to tell me, my name, let's meet for attachment to my company and I think of an consultant mentioned what it is to be a member of our company, they like to go in the health one, every maybe. The next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, you, four thought. And then if you would reprise some of what we heard from witness for described. How about reprievely approach the van that the door was locked. Oh my God. Hello, George. This is just incredible 1046 at five 60 WQM that's a very important Monday, maybe 44 minutes. And this place is just going to explode. When those numbers come out for the summer book. I guess Miguel's going to be the runner to the hand. He came down to this end of the building just to get away from that Fed Doreen. That's what he said. Anyway, let's continue with our periodicals of on audio here for Tom Jika who don't like to show the way. As you know what time you think I'm going to change the show for you. I'm not doing a show for little ball head of Geeks who don't get diaries anyway, Tom. How do you like them apples? I hope we have a September so guy then big. We have a 99's here just to piss off that little tour. Who just doesn't get it? See that's what happens to the boys and girls when you spend too much time in the press box at the racetrack. Shmoosen with your racetrack buddies. That's what happens here. Bring your brain turns like a jello. All the other two officers had direct line of sight in front of them on the suspect. Yeah, I'll take that phone both with the condom off it off the air. That's very important stuff. Okay. Very important. Rosie Harris attorneys in King Brother case. You know something you write. There's something it's starting to get cold in here again. And it's like, man. You're that. Yeah. And Fesema and TV and all sorts of disease. Hello, George. Rosie Harris attorneys in King. Get him out of here. Well, you know, we don't want to talk to you. Okay. Mo get that out of here. Go take that smelly nasty to pay and the tripetal in someplace else. George. Forward touch your host, Rosie. O'Donnell is hired to high profile Florida attorneys to represent one of the two Florida brothers found guilty last month of killing their father. One of the attorneys confirmed this weekend. A judge Thursday as we all know throughout the convictions of Alex King 13 is brother direct 14 order the prosecution and defense to try to reach and agreement. How to resolve the case without another trial. One suspect arrested at Richmond Gas Station. A second suspect arrested someplace else. But they're not telling us where yet. Miami attorney Jane wine troubs that are Donald Carter two weeks ago because she felt so sorry for those boys and wanted to help in any way she could. In no way shape, performed at Rosie O'Donnell seek to exploit this wine troub tool CNN. The boys didn't even know that Rosie hired me. Wine troub is representing Alex King said she was pretty upset. The news of O'Donnell's involvement was made public. I think she's really and this is on CNN.com. By the way, I think she's really just a champion of the underdog that are hard as with those kids lawyers said. Now, doesn't this make you feel like a little bit more mellow toward toward Rosie? Oh, and the thing with the gay adoption, doesn't that make you feel no? No. No, I just, there's nothing that she could do. She could come up with a cure for cancer. She could like stop going war in Iraq. She could win the Nobel Prize for life. And I just can't, I'm sorry. I had a block where she's concerned. You know what I'm saying? I just have, she's just disgusting. She's nauseating. What if she put the president in the headlock? Well, no. No. No. I'd have to think about that. I'd like to see it anyway. I'm paid to see that. I'll be knocking a president, man. He's working for you. Boston Globe editorial Vatican intervention. Let's get a bunch of this priest stuff on here. Most priests say bishops must handle the views as you. The L.A. Times has got stuff up the ass here about the priests. Including this one. 15% identify as gay or homosexual or homosexual side. In other words, they do it on their side. Is what they're saying? So let's see, 15% said that we're talking about priest and the one. So that means like 85% are liars. Okay. Boston Globe editorial. The Vatican has decided to change and perhaps soften the tough policy against child abuse adopted by the US Catholic bishops in Dallas last June as the four officials from Rome joined for Americans and making the changes. Their first priority should be the protection of children. Not to cover up a clerical misdeeds. The Vatican was vague about its problems with the Dallas document, but a statement by Bishop Wilton D. Gregory, president of the US Conference of Catholic bishops, suggested that they fill in the three areas. The definition of sexual abuse, the removal from ministry of a priest accused of abuse in the bishops insisting that on zero tolerance and the role of independent review boards to be established in each diocese. The US bishops decided that sexual abuse includes contact or interactions between a child and an adult when the child is being used as an object of sexual gratification for the adult. That is reasonable and the Vatican should not choose more limited wording. The Vatican is worried about due process for accused priests and may think US bishops violated a statute of limitations that exist in canon law when the insisted that any case of abuse no matter how long you go will be grounds for a dismissal from act of ministry. Protection of priest rights is a matter of legitimate concern or a benefit from more study, but the Vatican should not insist that those with abuse in their past get a second chance. Oh no, not one free pass? Come on. US bishops have such a sorry record on abuse that they need this tough measure to reassure the lady. Of the three reservations the most troubling and vows review boards, it is essential that is the bishops decided each board include a majority of lay Catholics and that members serve fixed terms. Bords need to be independent of a bishops control to discourage future coverups of abuse. The Vatican should do nothing to curtail their autonomy. Cardinal Bernard F. Law said Friday that the Vatican intervention was nothing to worry about, the Cardinal said the tough policy implemented in January was fully within the norms of canon law. He declined a challenge from Attorney General Thomas Riley to implement the Tephra recommendations unveiled by a special arts diocesan commission this month. Law will wait until December to announce the ones he will adopt. Greg we said any changes negotiated by the Vatican will be ready for consideration by all US bishops next month. Law will be able to adjust his response to these special commission accordingly. However much of the responsibility for this scandal falls on his shoulders no matter what the bishops and the Vatican decide law has an obligation to make sure that arts diocesan policy is unequivocally on the side of child protection says the Boston Globe in yesterday's paper. That's a true rule. How do you like that Tom? You like that Tom? Uh-huh. Good. Most priests say bishops must handle abuse issue. This isn't the prestigious LA Times yesterday. Many believe that the US churches charter the protective of children is unfair to clearest and many are angry at Prolet's get those numbers Miguel start making make it some up now. Just get a chalkboard and make some up. That's what Sand used to do. My goal is $300,000. Two. Hey, if I got a memory like a steel trap or water. Man, he was really something. He's an asshole. Two thirds of the nation's Roman Catholic priest disapproved with the way that bishops have handled sex abuse allegations against members of the clergy. A nationwide L.A. Times poll of the priesthood is found. The findings of the poll, the most extensive nationwide opinion survey of American priests since 1994, point to a pervasive and deep-seated anger among many priests. Many are upset that they what? Perv. Many of the our set donations, bishops. They also are in many cases angry at the news media and I'm angry because Miguel just gave me a thing to read. Join the overnight. Ah, it's more that money. I'd crap. Who's playing tonight? All the calls and the Steelers. That should be a pretty close game. Two more mediocre teams. Hey, I understand. The rumor going around and building his relookers sucks. Can anybody confirm that for me? Relookers sucks. Get clarity confirmed that for us. By the way, the press conference on the on the what's his name? Chris Carter. I'm no, no help from you. I'm looking at your window. Chris Carter got a Joe Carter from Gary Carter from Jimmy Carter. I'll decide out of mind the press conference on Chris Carter and the pending signing with the dolphins and the passing of his physical. The rumor is that he had to go like service modes to pay before they were running a signing. He'd like clean it and you know, vacuum it. So if that all gets done, we'll find out about noon. Okay. We're going to put that press conference on here. Oh, not while we're in the middle of dissecting the ratings. We're not. We'll give you the information. Okay. Is that good enough? Huh? No. Too bad. You know, who's upset about that? That chronic Joe. Why? Why did they put that? I rather hear Gilbert than chronic Joe and stuttering Steve. You know, Howard's got stuttering John. We got stuttering Steve. We got stuttering Steve. We got the wrong stuttering guy and a wrong Howard. Join the overnight guys that Joe and Mark tonight for mud in that football night. We're living at gas bees in Boca. Stop by to win some of those embarrassing prizes. Those QA and prizes and enjoy specials on Crown Royal. That's why Miguel's going to be the Colton. Steve is delighted to get these in Boca from 9 to 11 minutes. Bedtime for all because you and Mark have to come back and do the overnight show. So most got some material for the first half hour tomorrow. In written comments that many pre submitted with the poll responses, they said bishops delayed dealing with the crisis in the first place. Then compounded the problem by adopting a zero tolerance policy. The charter for the protection of children and young people that knives accused clerics, they're right to do process. They be saying. But the poll also found a bedrock of faith among priests happening as their chosen vocation and to believe that the church will come out of the crisis stronger. Nonetheless, in their comments on these sex abuse policy, which the US vision has improved in June, priest expressed many of the same objections raised by Vatican officials on Friday the Vatican released that. Let me know that. 75% of the poll respondents said the charter is done a good rest of the job of protecting minus from sex abuse by priests. 55% of the charter would restore confidence in the church. But only 34% rated the charter as fairness to priest accused of abuse as good arrest limit. 45% calling it fair or poor. And that regard. That's right. Let's worry about the priest. Forget about those kids. Forget about the people who committed suicide already because of the abuse. Forget about that. We got to do the cover up. I mean, we got to protect those priest. And then how it works? Of course. What guys agents? Let's get to more of these periodicals on here before those numbers come out. Okay. Hello, George. Get out of here. Well, he's probably hanging around. And you know, for a guy that doesn't listen to the show, I bet you today he might be making an exception. I'll be 11 30 and you don't think. He don't care about numbers. You don't have to worry about stuff like that. He's a big important guy. He's the voice of the dolphins. You don't have to be worried about stuff like that. My god. Gay. 1056 and 560. Both individuals question out at the Henry Co. County jail. Look at this picture right here. Jeremy. It's a bit. Oh, there's a picture. And Bill Bill of Homer is hyperventilating about that same stupid as picture about the SNN and Mustang. What's that one? The grassy hole. There's a picture of a bunch of fog. There's some trees in the back. It looks like that's a gas station where look at that. Holy crap. By the way, 124 people on the pole. The media coverage of these sniper has been just another feeding frenzy. Alla O. J. Sean Ranjava Day 151 67.4% more than two thirds. Outstanding 29. Okay, 29 and too much 15. Like Elvis would say too much. Hey, if you wait like a way too much, here's the answer for your balance for life. These did last 56 and a half is at it. You didn't write it down. Yeah, I got to write. Okay. I'm trying to do the arithmetic. All right, just don't get pushy. He's lost in there 60 pounds and balance for life. And you could do the same thing. And let me say again to that fat ham hawk waving. El Sunshine Channel 4. I'd like to see you prepare those meals. Okay. Any price fat. So you little tub of a lard. Yeah, it's not cheap. Okay, but how much is your health worth to you? How much is like looking like a real human being and putting on some real serious side of total instead of a pup tent worth to you? So if you want three delicious gourmet meals, two delicious snacks, every day if you're like delivered right to your door, talk about the convenience, no county calories. No trying to figure out this very complicated zone diet because they got to figure out for you balance for life. And they deliver right to you. If your house that you're worked where we want to deliver by six A and your little black sack. And once you got your little black sack, you're ready for the whole day. You got the food and they're to keep you happy. Believe you mean, in fact, some days you might have trouble finishing all of it, but do it because that's the important way that this program works. This is the real weight loss program. Not some stupid fat, not some silly ass pills that don't work, but it'll make somebody else rich. Balance for life. The only choices you have to make no calorie counting, no carbs. It's just pick between two choices they give you for each meal. Each day they're you're on the program. It just give you a little bit of a menu and you pick what you like. Call balance for life right now. You'll start losing weight right away. Call 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29. I give you my personal guarantee that in no time at all, you'll look a lot better than the beast. Or you can check them out on the web if you like it balance for life.com. This is the new Roger show. This is your brain. Any questions? Some back to this installments at a moment. How would David? It's flattening the boy. How strong will he? Dad. Okay. So why are you the what's the big idea? You're cute. Mo. You're good. I'll give you a shot that'll kill you. Dad. Now let's go to the hole. The rose fog behind the abandoned pitty pride. Hello. Yeah. Hi, Mo. Yeah. What do you know what he is saying? I just want to tell you I love your show. I'm right. Thank you. And if you see my dead beaver, what did beaver? So one that's glued to your head. Alright, Mr. David, help us on the way. We're hell you. We be here to insert some weed. Wait. Why I'll have you know I once had lunch with with whistle. Hey. What did the one? Keep your hand off. You can do this the easy way. Oh, no. Who do you think you are? Who are you? I'm. I'm just stepping. I don't put you in here. I'm a boogill pig. I'm a boogill pig. What's going on? Where's the moment we're making it? Yeah. That's a wrap from down. Oh. I'm a boogill pig. Hey. Hey, you. What's that? What's the more pleasant? Oh. Oh. What's that? Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Save my brush. It's tinkling. Oh. No. I know how to get this. Because look. Oh. Oh. Hello, George. 11.03 at 5.60. Welcome to QIM. Here's a facts. This fact should tell time, chicken. Everybody else who thinks they're an expert on talk, radio, what does business is really all about. This won't give. This is the definitive facts. It says, Ray Lucas sucks. Why do you think we got rid of his ass? Signed. Mark the jet's fan. Ha ha ha. They're all out there, baby. They're all out there. They will continue listening. If I say they're going, look, look, look like that. So there's a difference between letting them sit out there, listen and letting them take over like on the phone. You see little Tommy, that's what you have to ask yourself. What's the difference between a show that Neil does now and what he used to do before last February and March? What's the difference? Did I read articles before one year? Sure. Always. Not as many, but always. If there was something interesting and hopefully usually, from out of town, sometimes something local, but that rarely is worth reading. Except, of course, for Tom's articles, which was okay. The difference is the phone calls, which you notice he made no reference to that, even that big PC-Rope-Fac and March, which I think is the last time we wrote anything about radio. Besides, Hans, Hans, and Serenji, W.D. and yesterday's TV book, that's the last time Tommy wrote anything about local radio. And for a guy that's talking about how important it is to be in touch, be in here in town, to see right about anything local at all? No, very rarely. Only on the rarestifications. Because I hate to break the news to you, Tommy, but those network TV shows that you're so whipped up about reviewing over and over and over again, before they get on the air after they get on the air, after they become canceled, they're all over the guy that didn't hemisphere. They're everywhere. Even up in Canada, hey? All those same terminal shows that you're obsessed with. There's nothing. You don't have to be here to write about those, as you should know, when you write about those previews, when your asses have to get in line to die in that LA. Seriously, I can't, I can think of very few places in the world, where you need to be less. Then here to know what's going on to field the pulse, you can't complain about the pulse of this time, because there isn't any. It doesn't exist. This is the land of the walking dead time. 26 and a half years have been telling people that you still haven't caught on. Talk about a slow learner, man. You're a little slow on the upchuck time. Of course, he's got that bad indigestion, yeah? Probably too many trips on a visit. I missed your ego show. Probably have to bad taste in his mouth. Or maybe he was on with Norma Kent. There's not the rumor that we heard that he was on with Norma Kent not too long ago. Yes, he's assorting with Norma. Ha ha. No wonder he's got that bad indigestion on the light bulb. 247 votes, the media coverage of the sniper has been just another feeding frenzy, allah oj, shadra and jambine, 168. And of course, we know what rhymes with jambine, gay. 68% say a feeding frenzy. Uh, it's been okay 34 outstanding 30 and too much 15. So if you add the 15 and 100, 183, that's like 70, almost 75%. Say enough already. Okay, give us a break. And now that they don't really have any information other than two people have been arrested in the van was he's now they're really speculating about me, but I'm a bit like this. See, like that. Just like that. She paid, that was perfect. What a segue that was. Ow, I've put it right. I haven't seen what moving through. Like that. Move many times, doctors. Let's tell you the, oh, I guess watch George police briefing in Richmond and want to clock. So right after we have the press conference about Chris Carter, we can segue into the police briefing with Mr. Moosee again. How are we going to get the numbers in there? Uh, I'll get him in there. Had no fear because the old man is here. 15% identify as gay or on homosexual side. Like Tommy, you know, he's like straight, but he's on a homosexual side. A little swiss, you know, but he's like straight. Like you know, side of the glass there, for example. This is, that's right. That's very good. That's the heterosexual side on the side that George is sitting on. And this is the homosexual side. That's why there's these pictures at Tom Brady and all these, uh, the, uh, German twins, whatever the other names are, the Gmundurah book. I try to see if there's a new calendar with them. I went on the internet. They don't have no new calendar. Really. Yeah. The Stephen Underhill collection. Uh, like that. I don't know what you're laughing about. Now even you got to admit that those two guys and at the, uh, calendar back there are pretty damn, uh, good looking. They're under where they're under where they're not in their under where they're in a bathing suit. They're in a photo of it. They're okay. I say they're white, uh, and they're wet white under where. Anyway, see, he won't do what he can't do it. It's that they're good looking guys for all good for what for what it's worth. I didn't say you want to like do them. You want to do something with them. Just say they're good looking guys. That's all because this is the homosexual side. If you want to like that. The safe side and by the way, you're starting to do what Tom said back in March. You're starting to like talk as much as I am now. Oh, we do you remember he wrote that? Yes, you're like an equal partner in a show and he's really. He's not that. That's what he said. Equal. What a funny line, too. Yeah. Well, you know Tom, he's stupid. Right. Even mono's that. The subject of gays and the priesthood has been hardly debated throughout these sexual abuse scandal that has rocked the Catholic Church in U.S. Many Catholic tradition was including some bishops in Vatican officials who sought to blame Gate Prist for the scandal. On the other side of the window, many have said the Church has increasingly come to depend on gay men who've entered the priesthood and larger numbers in recent years. Oh, yeah, in recent years, right. Despite the debate, there's been little dead on how many priest actually are gay. Okay, how many are really gay? The times full of priest-ass respondents to characterize their sexual orientation. A combined 15% identified themselves as homosexual. 9% are somewhere between but we're on the homosexual side. 6%. Well, now what is it? I see 96. Makes 15. But among, yeah, yeah, 9. 9 and 6. That's what they like. If they're 9 and 6. We're talking about the ages of the altar boys. But among younger priest, those who are dating for 20 years or less, the figure was 23%. The figure is particularly for the younger priest or higher than most estimates of the percentage of U.S. gay men, but lower than some estimates of the percentage of homos in the priesthood, which have ranged up to 50%. Anybody go for 95? That figure. Oh, I see the girls coming in with some numbers. See, I just made that up to get everybody panicky. They're not due for like another 20 minutes to half an hour at the very least. Now is Maddie Bell here today? We want to make sure that we've got the entire crew here. This isn't just a trend, okay? This is heavy duty today. Make you can smell it. That must be the pilot molest in a hauling way out. Heavy, heavy duty. You can smell them all over the building. Even though it's, and it's only the summer book. See, if not just a trend, it's a book, but it's only the summer book, which is supposed to be, if you have a bad number, you always say, that's only the summer book. That's a good rationalization. We'll get half the bonus. And I can say, oh, yeah, George was on East sucks. You know, who'd album wants to listen to him talking about eating ass, you know? Eating spick ass. Never have. Spick ass, Kund salsa. Yeah. Hmm. Can't be all that. Salsa's good on anything is what I'm hearing. Right? Yeah. What I'm rearing. Cover. Rectom. Oh, God. I can't wait for another half an hour. See, like I said, this is going to be a no lose. I think this is the first time in my life. I've ever been in his position so to speak. So to speak. Gay. No, not that position. Hey, no matter what position you're anywhere, you want to be sleeping on a good mattress folks. That's why you want to talk to my good pizons and dollar mattress, which is what I always do. I say, always do. It's not that often because of good mattress, last year for seven years, but they don't last forever. So if your mattress is just not getting the job done, if you're not getting right night sleeper, but I call a folks at dollar mattress. You don't have to leave the house. You need to do only one thing called 1-800 mattress. And they give you the whole deal of a whole bottle of wax, the whole package, as they say. Because they give you the ultimate freedom choice of brand name mattresses from a surre, silly Simmons King coil. The ultimate one comes to delivery any day, the week seven days when it's convenient for you, noon to two, one to three, two to four, et cetera, and they'll be there when they say they will. And they give you that 30 day in home comfort guarantee to test it out the real way by sleeping on it and screw on your brains out on it to make sure it's the right mattress for you and what you need. And of course, because they got the deepest selection of brand name mattresses, no bait and swish with these guys, exactly the one you orders what you're going to get. So pick up that phone right now. You'll be sleeping with a big happy smile on your post, as soon as tonight call 1-800 mattress, 1-800-MATT-RES. George has TB, by the way. Stay away from four. Check them out on the web if you like it, mattress.com. There's a butt-ass smell at one family has captured the imagination of all of America. It's Al-Kidha in the family. Heading the mean windows, non-believer's go-to hell, living in the cave that smells the earth and death. Oh, sorrow been loud and spraved sun-sawed, is taking over the family business. Funny business, that is. Oh, shut up in it, you'll be back. And where is that no good meat-tive in Sunday, man? You called, but how can I in the family? It's like something you've seen before. Oh boy, two months ago, whether you're going to go eat the great Satan the dead and head. Jesus. No pup, just build up my strength for the Jihad. I'm Jesus, I'm feeling out, but it's not flowing at them. When the son of a jack will get the son of his own, he'll larity ensues on Al-Kidha in the family. Only on Al-Jazirat TV land. He'll some people. 11 16 at 5.60, W.K. U.A.M. Now they got the tent built right next to the, it's not around the visit. Next to the foam booth. No, I thought it was over it. No, there's the foam booth. Oh, they got a code. They've got a condom over the foam booth. You better get with it. That's how you're wrong angle before. They got the condom over the foam booth and they got a little tent next to it. They're building tent city. And the police briefing, which was scheduled, it would have been pushed back to one o'clock. Yesterday, I think was between 6 and 7. They had 622 press conferences scheduled, and it was like almost 7 o'clock before we got to the first one. And then mooseyman came out and said, move, move like that about that message. And nobody understood what Ellie was talking about, and that was that. Explorged on bus in Northern Israel. That's pretty unusual news. Speaking of that, what a segue. Out of the closet into the conessage. This is from the New York Post, Jerusalem. Israel will soon have a representative who's openly gay for the first time in the Israeli parliament's history. But he may not be the first homosexual in the conessage. How do you like that? An openly gay member of the parliament. Tell him maybe universities, physical chemistry, professor, oozeeven. Not oozeeven, oozeeven. We'll be sworn in next month. Believe there have been many closet gays among castes members since the state of Israel's birth in 1948. I'm sure that the proportion of homosexuals among them has been the same as among the general population between five and 10 percent of the post in New York Post and Friday. I'm sure that there was not one conessage with homosexual members. You said also I believe that some of the Israeli governments included homosexuals. Not one of them dared to declare publicly because of fear of tremendous social pressure. Friday was even 60 second birthday. He was celebrated in dinner with his partner of 16 years. And with our 24 year old foster son and his boyfriend. The hyph aboard scientists did his postdoctoral studies at the University of Texas at Austin. Well, we know about Austin. But that place used to be. Which you know what's not like that anymore? No, it's not. Since Madeleine, since they dug up Madeleine. And worked at some of the top secret as ready to defense establishments included the nuclear reactor in Demona. How do you like that? It is. And they're not worried about being blackmailed. Stuff like that. Which I guess they don't have to worry about because he's already out. See we got the gay banter in there today. I mean, I'm sure Thomas Grittik and the show is sitting down taking notes. We got our usual gay banter in there. Just to make sure we got our coat of going. That we just don't know about yet. Well, that's everything. We don't know about anything. Do they know anything? No. They got a couple of people in custody. Period. That's it. You know, they could have shown us the gas station, the phone. Both, they could have shown us the tow truck and the guy falling on his ass. And then, uh, and I'm telling the van away. They could have shown us the ass end of that must thing for whatever reason. Maybe it's like sublible. You know, maybe four does pay him off. I don't know. And then that's it. But they can't just do that because they got 24 hours to fill today tomorrow. They're to fill in the hours. And we got 11 minutes before 11 30 countdown, baby. Count down to kick off here on QAM. Who do you think is the most pressure on? Who do you think's got the most pressure? Me? Now you, we already know you're two months. Yeah, but we don't know about that bonus. No, no, but you don't understand. That pressure is on me, September. I have to build your lazy S out. I have to build your measly ass looking ass out with a good September. Otherwise, when it does, we're going to get screwed out of that bonus. And of course, as far as the overall station bonus. Now, the Humper has been doing good lately. Humper, are we a good trend last time, right? Yeah, yeah, a great trend last time. Probably because of Bino. I would think. So we know that he's going to hold up his fight into the bargain. And we know the mad dog is going to do just fine. Although today, he'll probably be a rock with one of the weather. In fact, he might call in six today after yesterday, he wanted to know why? Why? Because we're at Lucas sucks. Oh. Don't forget it. No, we got the Chris Carter press conference that you will not be hearing here on QAM. But we're certainly going to get, I'm sure that in the other room. And by the way, speaking to the other room, when mad dog called me in there, all I wanted was wave at him and he calls me in the other day to go on a year for humans. And I noticed I haven't paid much attention, I guess, because I try to stay away from that window, because I don't want to get Moses peace flying around the room again. He gets psychotic. Looking at the setup they got in there. What you got like 17 different TVs and they got to him. Oh my god. And it's almost like they got in the newsroom at CNN. That's for public consumption. Don't you know VIPs every once in a while going there. All right. So we got to press them with what are we all. We have a high flutin operation we got in there. And as you put it back away, first came here and I had to embarrass Greg Reeb and like trading out the goddamn satellite dish for them in there. The direct TV on this sports station. I had to I had to embarrass and remember I called the guy and I was going to pay for it. Just like Musk's desk. Everything around here with these cheap past beesleys. You got to embarrass them and doing it. And most of the time it don't work. You have to pay for yourself. Florida race a test for 2004 as we continue with our bedtime stories. Our periodicals of the year. In Florida Governor Jim Bush suddenly finds his reelection in risk for my relatively unknown Democrat or and by the way, Bill McBride don't want no state income tax. Okay. In active desperation. They start floating that's over the weekend in their hands. The bush people. State income tax. Just to scare the crap out of people and the McBride people say full of it. Full of crap. Desperate. In Florida Governor Jim Bush suddenly finds his reelection in risk for my relatively unknown Democratic rival sending big brother president George W. to prop off his campaign this week. I know his hard. I know his drive in conviction. I know his vision. The president said that a Thursday night fundraiser that was to raise a million dollars for brother and party. Bush's reelection is one of the most watched and expensive races in the country. I hope that you'll vote for me. I honestly need your vote. This is going to be a close election. But I believe I will prevail Governor Bush be saying. But Democrats think they may have a winner with insurgent underdog Bill McBride, a tamperlor around low-key political newcomer. The latest poll show a wide open race with a bribe pulling into a statistical day in heat. McBride has polls confirming the toss up. But the bush camps says their poll show them is still leading. But the little on McBride should not be discounted. These scored a come from behind-up set for the Democratic nomination of a former attorney general Janet Reno. Republicans know that Florida Democrats could hardly be more voted motivated after Florida's 2000 presidential election recapiasco. Democrats vow to outskill and ambush not only to avenge former vice president Elgworth defeat, but also to put a Democratic governor in place to work against prison bushes. Reel election bid in 2004 and you are. That's so ridiculous. So while you dark-complexed folks out there instead of warrants how much about Chris Carter and re-look his suction as a bad haircut. Instead of things like that you'll be going out there in vote in 4 or 5-10 times each. At least to make up for all the other times that they wouldn't let you guys vote. That's right. You'll be going out there in vote in 20, 30, 40 times of peace. Minimum. I already voted by mail six times. Florida's been an undated in the closing weeks of the election from National Party Activist and Personalities who've flown in from all over the country to support the respective candidates. McBride has even stepped out of the state to help himself, sealing away Friday near a city line of more support. But for Floridians, the issue is not to play as made aside the race. Among the top concerns are public school class sizes and standardized testing. Bush's proposed reforms in these areas while McBride has blasted Bush's record to date. Our public schools in Florida have lost ground to every other state for four years in a row. If you've seen that we now rank in Florida 49th in education and graduation rank, 50 in school sizes, 44th in class sizes and our teachers are paid well below the National average and probably saying. Bush defends his education record is not going after McBride for appearing on a radio show in which African American host Reverend Victor Curry called the Bush administration a godless wicked regime on a neo Nazi right wing mission against the American people. Well, what's wrong with that? No, I never liked that. They should carry on. Up until this moment. Mr. McBride has told the people of the state he should be measured by the people he associates with. He should not only just say I don't agree with what Curry said he should renounce it and should ask for an apology for the president of the West of Governor responded. There is no indication from the McBride camp that he plans to make any statement on Curry's remarks and where he did do so it would be a very delicate matter. McBride is aggressively courting the African American vote. It could get difficult if we were getting a public spat with an influential radio talk show host and influential radio talk show host Bishop Curry. I wonder if he's akin to King Curry you think? I don't think so. He might be because he also said Anna's quick and a hell of an ass. Maybe it runs in the family. How maybe they like that big fat ass? Don't forget to join the overnight guys Joe and Mark. I'm telling you the pressure now is just I'm getting indigestion just thinking about it. I may have to do it like a big duty in about two three minutes. I'm right in my pants because the numbers are going to be coming out and that door will be opening up and the yellow will come in here and like you know and you're not going to really know what to make it look on his face. Of course he can't read the numbers anyway. They were an English. Seriously he did you think he can read the numbers? Sure he can. How do you know that? He's a swift boy. He's a student of the ratings. He's a student. He's a student of the ratings and that's probably because Renole and numbers gives him a good excuse to get that away from fat to rain back there. Who's chasing around all the time? No chance sweetheart you couldn't for all of T and China. He would hop on my bones before we get near a use sweetheart. Well he's Cuban. Join the overnight guys. Joe and Mark tonight for Monday night football from 9 to 11 at the Cat's Bees and Vokus. Not by the windows really embarrassing QAM prizes and enjoy specials on Crown Royal. It's the Colson Steelers of Gaspies and Voka tonight. Now it's 25 after 11. The countdown is on. Now see right at 11 30 we're not going to have any numbers because then when he started downloading you know there's been a lot of downloading this building all morning the pressure was getting heavier and heavier and thicker. Wow man it is getting like psychotic in this place now. Jesus Christ because we're waiting for the summer book and like I said ordinarily. Who cares but in this particular case there are a lot of asses on the line if you catch my drift George. Lot of asses on the line. And especially after the other day when your good friend suds called in here which you thought was just he was being friendly and was bemoaning the fact that he and Rick are out of work and just getting really bored. I want to suggest that there are people waiting in the wings who just love the opportunity to fill that big vacuum in a summertime. I just mentioned that. But. Tell a George. 26 after 11 at 5 60 WQM let's face it even here about fast rain for a long time. One of the different makes sense for you. Well the facts are simple. If you have the dedication fast rain will provide you with the necessary training to become a certified computer professional. According to time magazine demand for computer professionals will continue to explode. Just like things are exploding around here now. Our average student completes the training in just four short months of 10 school three nights a week. What's you've completed your certification. Fast rain will assist you in getting your new computer job. Fast rain invites you to come and visit our trained career counselor and determine which track is ideal for you. Pop an o Parker Gulfstream. Call fast rain tool for a 1 8 6 6 fast rain to set up that appointment with four convenient locations. They're in Kindle Miami, Pembroke Pies and Fort Lauderdale. There's a fast rain nearby you don't forget as the career counselor for listening to students like yourself who are currently in their dream job. So don't just dream about it. Do it. Call fast rain 1 8 6 fast train you can be working in the new job before spring. That's 1 8 6 fast train or check them out of the web at fasttrain.com. We're sports video 5 60 2 a.m. Don't have a penis baby. Baby launch a couple of missiles. Tour to place wheat and no. Yeah yeah yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. Who's first name begins with oh there's one thing we all understand. We could chase them round forever with our tanks and all our troops. But special forces are so tired of jumping through with our moves. We need another plane. So let's cut out all the nonsense. Go on, we just did our best. We need a nuclear tank. Why don't we stop pussy food and blow up. Pack a stay. Probably because they got to the bomb. Yeah exactly like I said 11 31 at 5 60 2 a.m. Here comes the big moment. Here is the numbers. You're not going to believe it. We got a. I just made it up. Yeah we have a numbers. Yeah. I could say we got a 42 share. That's a good idea. Let's just start making it up as we go along. Be a lot more exciting. More instead of 0.2. I just did joke. No we got a hope for we got a pull for him to get a big number. So we can get our full bonus. No way. Of course if Mo has a bad number we know who we're going to blame for because his producer who's been it was a unprofessional has been blown out of there. The ball had been sent right in the other room right now in his balance for life. No I think we'll blame Zach. Oh my god. I just walked into Rome. He's got a quizzical look on his face. Did he's got something his hand? What is that? Are those no boy 11 32. We got numbers. Now did you look at these? We out did you? Oh he did he? This is amazing because these are like pristine now. Mine eyes have seen the glory of the coming of. Here in order. Uh oh. Where are we? Are we in here? We're so good. There we are. Oh, oh. I'm a good friend. Are those the 12 plus? We love plus. The whole thing. Monday to Sunday, 6 a.m. midnight. We have got problems folks. Oh number one, W.E.R. Your shows station. 7 twice a week. W.E.R. Number two. Power 96. 6 points. Oh. This is a 12. Asked nobody to hear. Huh? Oh it's a heavy ethnic summer boy. Oh, it's a sports. Oh it's a sports. Oh, it's a sports. That's a sports. That's a sports. Oh, it's a sports. That's a sports. That's a sports. You know, they are the top five. The top five stations. The top six stations are all ethnic. Spows. I see our number. It's not on the second. Oh. Second but oh party radio guess what? I don't want to say it, but I think the party's over party I realized this is not their demographic it's 12 plus but they're down from a 30 to a two nine and what did power have a 6.0 There's second and parties 14. That's all over baby. That's my opinion. I'm Mike Disney. Yeah WQAM. Oh Now keep in mind this is 12 plus maybe we just have a lot of old people or young people were in between Oh, here's my gal coming in again a better. I'll give you our number I OD had a 3.1 we had a 2.5 down from a 2.8 Of course most of that I'm sure can be attributed to George. I mean now what do you what do you got there? Don't be walking off to the side you asshole Jesus K Christ man That McGill what a pot that's my opinion. I'm Mike Disney six to 10 a.m. And I'm more oh here we go Now comes the pressure because now we're starting to get actual day part Six to 10 a.m. And I also have my day flow put George in my hand On the first page now on the second page Uh On the third now that can be right George didn't show up at all He had a zero Oh there you are. Oh Anyway, okay, let's take a look at the morning zero. Okay, shall we? Persons 12 plus First page is Moana first page? No, no Let me get my handy little stapler over here so I can do this all at the same time because McGill's got these like neatly Man, this is this is known as your deathmail book and I kind of want to know how we get these numbers They pull them out of a hat They pull 50% out of their hat and 50% out of their. Rectome ass Let's see mornings upon number one is EDR number two Rado Mambi Rado Amor Big even big how are we going to even look at five eight to a five two and a more ethnic heavy ethnic baby I mean how it's stern or clarify Wild 3.2 and the morning same as the previous book, at least they're consistent I don't I don't see Moana's second page either beast. It's the beast that done at baby must be him Oh Not a much change two four to two three Flat Flat Of course that includes the nine to ten hour which means mornings could be 12 plus like a one nine, you know like in a one's and now you're laughing I'm serious I'm just telling you right now boy once oh my god that would be like an embarrassment almost isn't burasing as these numbers the George God I don't think I build the out at all in in September man 10 to three EDRs number one with a five six life life snakes in there and power power with a five point Oh number three in person 12 plus in midday. Oh talk about see there's that's boy's fourth thing again CMQ FM there was no non ethnic Scott Diaries in his book A I would he went down from a four four to a three nine And mid days 12 plus we went from a four point five to a three point three From six to five for 12 for we tied with while 100 what that's right that person's 12 plus So the verdict is still out you might pull out a number and men you might pull one out here and you think so no What about the hump or a at least he's on like in a time period where it's his number okay three to seven What you see is what you get let's see how the hopper didn't hear huh? Because right now it's looking like mid days to occur. I heard for somebody's crap. Huh? I heard bad Hopper diva. That's what I heard I O D let's see it said Tom Schmidt Call up Lee and here is call up to the on here. So CNN see how he'll see it Start with Kirby pocket command Leon and then Tom Schmidt he went up to a two a two a three three Tom the Schmidt man So they don't know I'd like Larda as they like Larda as junior Q a m two a two a two five not that bad not the kind of drop like we had no You know storage is voice cracking on that no Fitting way enough. Oh my god Well, but this is 12 plus keep in mind the younger demos we might have kicked some serious ass. What do you think? Oh, I think we just sucked I think we had like a death now and of course Tom jick is right there those all those stories I come back in September couldn't bathe out That's because all those goddamn periodicles. I think we have to go back to the stupid ass phone calls again don't you? No Now what do we have in the last trend in 12 plus do we know do we have those trends around somewhere? They're around somewhere And upon oh my girls run in here again. See I better do my stapler. I can't keep up with them Now what do we got now Oh 18 to 34 we're gonna have to get a magnifying glass operating in 34 for this station We don't have anybody 18 to 34 doing no way Let's see overall EDR number one schwarz town baby 11 point eight shear all that's down a little bit for them power from a nine-point eight to 11.3 down the hall what's that crappy plate on a hall Power within 11.3 shear pop party radio 6.2 so even though they actually went up a little bit They're a distant third their way behind power man or second wind The coast 5.2 while 100 Zeta Now this is overall so you said let's see well we're not gonna show up on here QAM. Are you people schmitting me from a 2.0 to a 1.2 That's the overall 18 to 34 man oh man you talk about an invisible demographic We don't have anybody under the age of a hundred wait till we get those 90 plus numbers will look pretty good you wait People two old and people to change the dial like times jicker per example that's what all we got left Man I have a feeling when these other numbers start coming and you think you're sick now Just wait We're gonna be gagging and puke and we're gonna take the a heat for it too not moe course we now this is keep in mind Maybe mad dog had a bad number Well, let's hope Pretty sad pretty bad summer here folks. Thank god I wasn't here to see it That got him get out of here again soon Man hate to see these grown people crying 20 till noon at 5.60 WQM here's something good for your health all your mad Mediterranean formulas There are advanced combinations of pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with a lot of good stuff in there Vitamins minerals urbals other nutrient scientific we designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs Look for olio meds three new formulas. They got one to help you sleep one for weight management and coq10 All using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil and only meds enough standing product It's available at publics at echards at Walgreens if you'd like to get more info call olio med tool free at 1 866 olio med That's one 8666536633 you can also and by the way you still have the highest number on the station Oh, promise that's something you can also order olio med online and olio medmerka.com and if visit nearest Publix in by an olio med product in data-browered you can get you a coupon for a free Larry cocker bubble head dog Well supplies last Don't forget to and by the way what high school they play next week Don't forget to visit their sampling pavidian at sports center resundate with the dolphins are playing home games Pick up pre olio med samples and product information start feeling healthy again right now by popping some olio med in your old pussy Wrong Another kran monkey Ne scrolls brick is it Hey The globalists practice Howly the message he grow And of the thoughts of survey and cool Howly the message he grow A pristly black slave who flips food Howly the message he grow Yo! Goly, be cool, be cool, be cool, be a slave, be a hero Goly, be cool, be cool, be cool Okay, now what are you trying to say George? Where number one? This is going to be one of the great名ors Not a good number one Man, talk about number one by default Oh Now what are we having the last trend? We actually went down That's one Yeah, what we got a five nine But don't forget we were laughing off like You're lying to the giant You were some huge month there that's doing Dude, look, losing Right So September could have been all that bad Even we'd know these periodicals and bedstimes There was a bit bad little time We're number one Hallelujah, so let's see Men 25 of age, over all Number four And four five from a five six to a four point five share You people out there don't know what these mean It means that George held on with a very crappy number But it's like winning a race by a nose instead of by ten legs You don't want to say it? So July not, let's not have been Terrible August was awful August was an embarrassment If I was you and no forget I was had that one extra week off And August was also sick most of the month You almost like all George All George, almost all George all August And then September was and I was deaf Figuring out the monthly spores Come on, get on that month Don't just be wide or not here so leisurely Get on, get your pen out He says that's Clarence's job now Ah, haha Clarence can't count that low I mean Let's see, no, what are the humpers do? I'm sure the hank is out there Listen up, bad? Actually, now this is interesting His share went down slightly But his position went up Which I'm sure helps a lot Huh? He went from a fourth with a 5.3 To second with a 5.5 Oh, basically there was nobody here The summer party radio is number one And meant 25504 And they have no with a 5.4 I told him Kick an ass Me 2554 Man 2554 Man 2554 3 to 7 p.m Party radio Nice going Disney Because when the humper is on Believe you me, it's time to Party Yeah, power went up into share But they have from a 3.7 to a 4.6 This is the strangest book I ever done Seeing you know The Schmidt snipped of a Schmidt guy he went up I'm saying it right Don't be angry on what I'm saying I'm not free on Harris, okay I don't know to curb you up You could Now let's see what we got here A 3.5.9 Now the average quarter hours went way down And a quuma weighed down And the like the listening went way And a 3.5.9 But that's 10 to 3 so That's right Now the mad dog we hope Did really bad I mean And I'm just a morning number Here's somehow Yeah, how many? Yeah, he's got these pages Like all purposefully I think dicked around I think somebody paid him off And all Who's that kupald on a hall Okay, here we go 6 to 10 a and men 2554 This is what we live and die By boys and girls all do people out there Trying to figure this out This is what we're coming It's time to check our license Down baby Big As As George goes So go to Howard's sir Just like you a big drop It's still number one Quite a higher number than you had From a 12.4 and a sprained When I point forward in the summer Still number one That's because of the ethnic balance And here and everything else I guess Like Zeta There's still time for a second But they went from a 7.7 Here to a 5.7 Because they don't have enough Schwarz is listening to I guess Or his speaks Radio ritmo went from 9 to 4 See what I'm saying? 9 to 4th Who the hell of these people Can WCMQFM went from Prop to 7th Ho ho Spose and Shroas Baby you white folks out there You don't have a chance Oh Oh What happened? Stitch Paper cut No, I just looked at the second page At least it's on top of the second page From 4th for a tie for 7th The Mowmeister From a 4.6 and a sprained book To a 2A 2A 3.6 Jesus Christ Man from 4th to time for 7th With WSUA And audio swabby I guess this speaks Aren't in the Mowmeister So that'll be a 2 something How big are you? When we are you? Are you trying to not come again Just because he 20 years You're as fired? Yes you are Okay Oh that's right Let's separate the number from the person Okay Let's just pretend we're talking Theoretics here Right No personalities involved Just the morning drive What would you be a 2-something? You had a 5.9 I think it's a 2-something Right I think it's a 3-something That's in men That's not like in some demo That's our target demographic Men 25 to 54 A 3.6 That this guy was going to come in And re-invent talk radio Sports talk and show us how it's done Now we tell you what the hump we're had I just told you a 5.9 second in the market And guess who was first on the estation again Who was hiding midday? He would george on like all that extra time So they can you know what's his name? You're good coast personal friend PD Lenny He can run all around a building stabbing you in the back I can't sell midday And the summer that guy named Little Spiky's on it Still got the biggest number by far on his radio station in mid days Good old Good And a mad dog and Jorge In midday Rounds with gay So there you go right there Still number one It's one of the great miracles of all time folks But it's kind of like everything is squashed in there Because of that heavy ethnic waiting Now hopefully by the time the small book is really going here strong A lot of those spos will be back on a banana boat Going to the other direction and the sparsis will be back there Picking cotton again in a homestead and a ranger Yeah Instead of getting them damn diaries screwing up our ratings Here's a fact that says Hey Neil I think it's fascinating how the idiotic times Jacob feels that to debate on whether your radio shows better When you read news stories is the most important thing going on With all of this stripping trans go on an electronic media He how has he got time to write about the cooking shows is amazing I remember I called his media ethics class Man goes on about Marshall McLuhan to the global village And this is why so many people are the pressed in psychotic today The constant droning of the fear mongers in the media are destroying the minds of millions of people And time jick is worried about you reading news on the air The best thing to do is write a disclaimer on the 24 hour news shows And watching this can be hazardous to your mental melville Thanks for exposing the hypocrisy of our time And that goes for the very disgusting George too He said thanks for whatever you're doing For me number one there with the very low number Now what did you have last summer? I don't know five I can live five six I think So but let me say it again you can't be higher than number one I'll say it again I'm not trying to make excuses all the way in Because it's a pretty damn lame ass number for sure like this Especially when you hear it like 10 and 11 cheers and you squenched it down like five and six is pretty weak And they're I want my number before I start getting flogged That's right let's get the day parts of the night and one And then we can even go into it and see like on Tuesdays and Thursdays if I helped it all When I was doing those Thursdays and Thursdays from Toronto and like one or two half shows from Amsterdam In between being sick all the time What? Let's see what that guest hour did that one time you came in Because you couldn't contain yourself anymore and you were trying to have to know and you had to expect Taken it was one liter and then that first call G I don't want to like the Small things but is beer really bad for you. Oh my god. Yeah, Tom. I'll tell you what time we'll give them your home number time Little time jika and all these frustrated cars can call you at home So September couldn't have been all that bad if we had a 5.9 Right, huh? It couldn't have been gigantic but it couldn't have been all that bad because Juno's I recall was pretty good, but you know not bad not bad And of course we would have had those billboards that we're supposed to come back Coming back Because keep in mind September and this thing is like August 26 to you know whatever So there you go boys and girls suppose and shows Darkies and grease balls. That's what it's all about that That's the only guys that got to diaries and of course they get paid extra for getting them and all the rest of us white folks We were all busy you know out of town so somebody's got to get them they probably came along and stole them out of the mailbox Is what they did Huh That must be it either that arbitron can't and then in the morning there Jesus Christ Oh my you know seriously mo how low can you go that that's my question How low can you go mo Jesus Christ because he just I mean unlike us which you know hopefully will make it come back And like Hank is you know doing his thing. He's got a decent number and there's number two in the market number one In fact, where is mo again numbers we got let's see number two in the afternoon number one in midday and number seven And the morning that's not acceptable That that's that's just not acceptable if he has me do you think that's an acceptable number. It makes me want to kill some people yeah Christ God it comes in here making all that money with 15 different two pays and boss and everybody around and fire on this one and fire on that one and try to get George fired And that's the best part of the deal he tries to get you fired and you got a much much bigger one than he's got in a number two That's the amazing part even with your marginal experience and this guy that's been in a business for 75 years Mo how are been in a business since Jesus was a baby and His numbers are so pathetic I'd be embarrassed to even associate with him. So I guess tomorrow. I won't talk to him just like this morning every other day You know what I'm gonna do tomorrow morning. I'm gonna stand in that window when he's on here. I'm gonna take a big big piece of cardboard You know how the gypsies little kids do with the cardboard. I'm gonna take a big piece of cardboard. I'm gonna write three six on it And I'm gonna stand there and wave it. He'll have to look sooner or later. But that'll Bible verse three six. Yeah, and the rob proverbs three six it says if you don't know mo It says the mo you know Be going slow and that's the way to QM train is slow down to all walls To a slow cuzoski there in a morning baby has the number keeps dropping and dropping a mo how low can you go? That's what the beast wants and all of course it's all his fault anyway for those crappy guests you go on there now that we got Zack For anybody missed the beginning of our show this morning where we couldn't get on for three minutes because Zack is busy eating you think the beast was fat. Oh Man That's Zack. Well, what maybe if you get some of your ways less than 600 pounds producing to show me that might help the beast could be a boil on Zack's eye on his ass You know it Speaking of boil on your ass how about the lines of West Boca. That's right a lot of fat people out there That's correct your low carb sugar free seconds. That's super store They got a terrific selection of low carb cookies not just one flavor about 14 different cookies from three different speakers I have them all I do I don't have any of them They're delicious and if I had to pick your favorite I could well what kind of copy is this? I don't have no goddamn cookies. What are you talking about? But it says here they're all great peanut butter chocolate chip lemon coconut or all sugar free or low carb You can stop by lights and sample any of their products when you stop by the lights say you know And that pity Lenny's a moron. Okay, and they'll say yeah, you're right about that and of course it delights You can try before you buy it so don't go. Oh, look at this don't toss your cookies Oh, this is brutal. This is brutal pity Lenny or must have actually he must have visited Steve M. extra this weekend Do you like? Give me a loaf of their new low carb bread called simply low carb bread on that's right pity Lenny headed to me on Friday And I put it off on the side You know something I don't know if we're gonna have to scratch this spot away if you could read this piece of copy you would go Oh, it's got like mmm Nuba mmm jam and mmm So go over to the lightsOS book and go mmm like that and say hey You have the number Steve M's house because pity Lenny's using up all his goods Anyway, they got all the ad can stuff he did is one great store and of course there are open 10 to 10 every day on the corner glades in 440 when a book Call him at 1-8777 little carbon complaint bitterly about this awful copy or check him out in the web at low carb.com Do you like the boys book who will apologize for pity Lenny being what he is? Steve Goldstein, but you can call me down. He whenever I'm in town. I listen to wait a minute. I am in town. It's the 12th of one hour With some crack in her shoe and some snacks in her purse She's the right-skank governor daughter who resembles after birth. She knows that dad is the girl So if she breaks the law, well that's tough They ain't none of your cotton business. So just keep your big mouth shut When it comes to family values a prime example for all of you Great nothing like the morals of the good bush man Please so it's a crack in her shoe No other foot powder will do it makes your feet quite a tingling and so big Come on you Okay 12.03 at 5.60 WCOM press conference enrichment Virginia 1-0 class So if you're wondering you know and not that we're ignoring that, but there's nothing going on I may have could put that on the year There's a picture two people am custody and we saw the asset of the Mustang again There's those photos again from the Brownie camera by that Brownie brilliant. Yeah Wonderful, and it says in boy's underwind again if you read from right to left So here's last year's number. I'm looking at that morning number. How do I do this Chris first of all? By mine that was a six to ten We got over by over there. Would you shut up and listen to me at but six six ten one and 12 nine so 13 divided by four is what three And change yeah pretty weak Pretty weak so looks to me like they did even worse than he's doing So let's take back what we said about Moha No, but of course he was gonna come in here and revolutionize and restart and do this and do that Isn't that correct correct now what's the sum of one you got here the first time first summer oh and then look at their numbers in a morning and that book Woo They had a five one and then we had a three three and he's got a one three six. Oh, that's right, but his three six is Not that's right. Sorry sorry sorry. Sorry Joe Rose. Sorry guilty. Sorry. Do you know? I'm not guilty. What? Tonight that's my prediction Cuz we're working your grossing them up there with at nine to ten hour So he's either in the wood like you got just barely a three or like under three Not too impressive for all that kind of money for all that big high-falutant talk, you know But midday Damning the media coverage of the sniper has been we asked an our pull on the arroggies.com Just another feeding frenzy like OJ Sean were in job in a 231 69% It's been okay 42 years of that it's been outstanding 36 Too much 25 out of 234 votes Well, I'm just drained from that experience and that was that was incredible Let's just read on now. What's the season? They usually call them magic we got some assholes that were I mean guys that were go over magic Magic they want this data. Of course Well, let's see how a men 25 54. Let's take a look showing I mean a lot of the audience out there doesn't care about this and you know what to bed turn on rush turn on Bill or Riley Listen to some of that good old right wing propaganda listen to some of those ain't in our AP Teddy about our guns are great listen to Wayne Lop here squeeze in it Let's say Zaded morning like I said very bizarre cuz it's like everything was compressed Because of this heavenly ethnic waiting so Numbers that went down shares of the audience went down even now In the woods you didn't have to have a big number to be way up there Like Zaded drop from a 7.7 share to a 5.7 but they're still second right in the morning and men Second to Howard sperm who well again went from a 12.4 to a 9.4 like the listenership went way down So it basically this is not not only did we do okay how they're on but this was not a a strong Talk in the that kind of you see what I'm saying yes Do I do other than this the shush mitzhush Did God no I'm not gonna say I'm not Leon Harris or my I know my Schmidt Mr I just like fooling with it. I like dealing with it Well, let's see what he didn't look at that three six to a four three and you have to know maybe they figure because he's like a minor league Lard ass now what did Lard ass do a midday? Flat 5 3 to a 5 or you like talking but what 5 3 he was third with a 5 3 in the spring book But now time for second with a 5 in the sea so now for the smaller number moved you upon a ladder if I like talk what? If you like talk radio But you don't like sports. What is that like talk radio one if an audience person likes talk radio? Yeah, but they don't like sports talk what do they listen to in the afternoon what what's there for them? She didn't head What's on his normal. Oh in the morning. I'm sorry. Now let's see 360 or so in other words even though they're right now what about Phil? Then 25 54 7 but because he threw in a big trend in there. I don't see him on the first page though, you know Phil I can't are you sure don't see on there 7 in I meant 25 54 Q a m 35 to a 3 6 went up and that's the Marlins We love the Marlins. They are not best 3 6 that sounds like a familiar number So even the Marlins tied well I don't want to see his name I don't I'm what am I looking for on here? I'm looking for I and Z. I don't know he's on a that's right I'm looking for the wrong college look at that like I said 6 0 to a 6 1 second Second and I seven a midnight feel Henry are you positive? Love 94 65 at night so he's like number two at night And I OD but I but I would he's got a big good never here all the way around So they had a good book Q a m suck wind Of course you got to have a lead and I what did I do in the morning George? I don't know good question. I'll tell you 3 1 up to a 3 3 so they went up a couple of tents while we were dropping a full point in the morning Of course we dropped like 3 and a half points in midday, but that's That's George. That's one of those things. Well, look We're still number one on the station so all these people wanted to track like that backstabbing lunatic PD Lenny I'm gonna seriously that piece of copy that I attempted to read before that should be safe for the lunatic Call of fame One of my should do that goes mmm like that yeah What is this man on what is this man on? Well, they let him bring it to Vegas when they go away on their thank God They're all gonna be leaving in a couple of days for a week. I want that be a blessed reliever whole sales department is gonna Vegas for a week. What that be great, pali? Yeah, I'm bringing my roller skate don't forget you and the overnight guys join Mark tonight for Monday And football night will have it against bees and bokeh stuff by the wind prices and enjoy specials on crown royals That's tonight Cole's on the Steelers at Gatsby's in Boca say hi to join Mark and Tom how much you enjoy here in a material the second time between 6 and 6 30 every morning. How did they do? We know how do I how do I know don't we have like a major just one big sweeping over night 12 to 6 number It's a separate thing you gotta go into the hour by hour He had to pull that out there once we get the disk and how come muff never came back in here with that monthly break down He says it's Clarence's job and Clarence's on almost taken care of that See now we got now we got two hot shots in here. So now they're passing the buck is what it's all about on That's not my department get off you dumb. Yeah, get off somebody do something Let's see how we didn't September see for underbroke to recover you not because that's gonna have a lot to do with my decision about whether to continue with the with the bedtime Stories and the period of cool stuff or whether we should go back to those great phone call And do the show the way little times Jacob would like and maybe we can bring him back on here to burp on here And between townness about all these great shows that we don't watch all these great sitcoms that nobody will listen to this show watches 9 minutes past noon at 560 W to come where we're number one in midday baby in man number one It's a miracle but we're number one. We're hanging on by our thumbnail You know cast away seafood company. No seafood. They pride themselves on serving you the fresh seafood in the universe Fresh fish that is never frozen prepared just the way you love it We wrote black and or broiled signature castaways dishes includes us and we serred tuna crackconk and unbelievable homemade Chouters which I'm still waiting for some of those homemade Chouters 21 I don't mean them because I don't want the fishy one. I might look for clam chowder. Yeah, hmm any time Like tomorrow be good castaways also features grilled certified angus beef burgers filet many on or how about a huge succulent mouthwatering New York strip steak castaways offers great daily lunch really bird specials in every Wednesday I just carry okay and ladies night with free drink for the ladies to end a castaways tailgate party at the hog fish bar for weekend Monday and football specials while you watch your favorite games like tonight these dealers and the cools castaway seafood company with full That's right in that press conference should have been taking place any minute now. Now Chris Carter The castaway seafood company has got a full bar the open seven days week to locate it on the southwest corner University in Griffin Road in Davy if you're looking to cater your next homer office party castaways I'll do a super job of that for you to castaway seafood company featuring seafood so fresh. It'll slap you run on your push Hello Tony this is my real beer oh, yes, how are you Bill and fine I feel more like a woman no I want you to why I'm not in a red dragon film mommy I saw a new film there's no inter put the notion in the basket You were killed in the last film so I play it much better. It's like okay, or is an I'm I said mommy looks good for his age Yeah, I'm not That's not now I have to work with Tony show That's why I'm quiet today. I'm afraid it's much too late now That's cruise up all my plans I'm Human out��고 our teamsạ년 50 to 560 W 2 qums l many 18 plus 61 was 6.0 From the Castle book to the summer book So that's not bad. Still number one by almost a full point. What's wrong with that? I'll take it. Yeah, you'll take it because I build your ass out again in September there. I'm And lately And the clearance right now as a matter of fact is doing the extra Appalachians will take a look and see like July August and September We'll see what happened there. We'll see how it lays up cuz August the course was a little on the rough side And quite frankly nothing I'm rationalizing, but if you take away the ethnic factor from this book We wouldn't have done all that bad Even your buddy Mahon he wouldn't have done all that bad Huh he had a 4.0 and man. I thought he was big among the Esfatt of course that includes nine to ten in See right Like I said he didn't do too good now Larry and Jensen Beach Facts as me this that the Bush people the Jet Bush people are circulating around cuz they're desperate When you help us stop building the bride no the latest public opinion poll has bush 49% of bride 48% it's his here Mr. McBride is the candidate to flood the Democrat machine politicians of tap as the one they want to be our next governor I thought he won the Primary against Jan arena I thought yeah, no, but the machine politicians have tapped him if the Democratic machine succeeds This election will not only change the direction of our state. Thank God It will have major political implications nation one thank God again If liberal Democrat Bill McBride wins in November according to an AP article written by David Roy's this week It would be much easier for Democratic candidate to defeat President Bush in 2004 with the help of a Democratic governor Stumping for Florida's 25 electoral votes President Bush won the state alleged by 537 votes over Gourmet 2000. This is one big reason why we must stop building bride. This is from the Bush people And then they asked for money of course just a few months ago the conventional wisdom was the generator It was gonna win the primary election and then we would defeat her in the general election, but a lot has changed over the summer our stock Reno Reelect Jeb campaign was so successful. We were able to help knock off Jan arena the private right Right and safe Florida from definite tax increases right now with the help of the state's biggest union bosses Bill McBride is only one point behind the race for governor big name Democrats in Florida and nation white our pouring and money and resources to win floats our local governor's race My name is Michael Mida. I was chairman of Americans for Jeb Bush We succeeded in our mission to defeat Jan arena With our stock ready to be with the support from thousands of flibbadiens statewide We were able to put on radio ads if they need more money. Do they need more money? They sure sell don't think I'm more money than God But they're begging and pleading and you know what they are you know what the word is? Desperate that's the very good. That's the word See that's why George hell does own there in the summer book in spite of all your negativity out there people like PD Lenny and Certain others in his building the one to give Georgia polycrap Bob Herbert writes in today's New York Times dancing in the dark He says there may yet be a way to avoid the war with the rack that president Bush appears to be so desperately wanting but if the US does go burling in the bag dead with it without the sanction of the win The American people should at least have some clear sense of the potentially very heavy consequences that may ensue The Bush administration would that's muscular rhetoric and it's trumpeting of a new generation of weapons even smarter than those used in the Gulf war Would be happy to have the public think of the war as little more than a walk into park I recently asked the storekeeper and Crowe Gevel's Florida about how he felt about the possibility of war with the rack It was reluctant to answer it first but eventually said I support the president on this He said that son of who said was a bad fellow and we'd have to go after him sooner or later So it might as well go in now and get to job over with Ray Bradley a retired electrician Jackson as a city was even more gung-ho Let's have added he said in interview we worry about them throwing chemicals in biologicals and nuclear bombs Let's wipe it out before it starts It can sound so easy but the truth is that the people of the US from the most ardent doves at Berkeley To the pierces talks in the Bush administration are dancing in the dark on this issue No one really knows where a US military invasion of Iraq will lead Adams regime can be destroyed no doubt but what then do we really want to occupy Iraq for how long and what cost into what end We'll simply be eradicating a murderous threat or also establishing a beach in an oil rich frontier And what about the humanitarian crisis that's how I'm assured it develops a smarter bombs and other forms of firepower And the job they were created for are we ready and willing to deal with the life-threatening food and water shortages The wounded and frightened civilians including children the shattered infrastructure and the desperate refugees are we ready? And what's the plan for locating and securing Adams weapons of mass destruction? One can easily imagine in the chaos of war the dispersal of such weapons in a tear and at worst both inside and outside Iraq For that matter what's the plan for locating and securing? General Norman Schwartzkov who commanded the troops in operation desert storm told NBC news I think target number one if we have to go to war will be Sodom who's saying now that's an easy say hard do thing because we could never find him in the Gulf war The violence of that war seemed remote to most Americans and had the qualities of a television special or a video game But the attacks of 911 brought the cruel violence of terrorism right in the Gulf of a gut of ordinary Americans and Terrorism not a racer means the great fear of the moment That fear was in no way to minislast week when the director of the CIA George tenon for lecony rational panel that the risk of a terror attack in the US was as grave now as it was In the summer before 911 how is it possible that a war in Iraq and its aftermath will not divert attention and precious resources from the crucial fight against more immediate terrorist threats A series of cut-a-linked attacks including the bombing and Indonesia the killed nearly 200 people were carried out the very week the Congress was giving the president The authorization he sought to attack you Iraq unilaterally and in world as dangerous as ours has become Questions about the profound implications of the US led invasion of Iraq deserve much more the way of answers than we have now Sell them as the US had a greater need for wise and can't it an prudent leadership? This is not a good time to be dancing in the dark where it's Bob Herbert today's New York Times Sorry for reading the one here because it's another one of those bedtime stories periodical radio What does he call it periodicals on audio? Sorry about that time Even over still doing it pretty good now what's that is the bring them in here. Don't don't ask don't ask him Yes, get him. Tell this he know. Thank you, Clarence. Let's see what we got not too good Not too good. Oh, that's overall icing Oh, like I said not too good And what where is that number where the hell is the number oh? Like I said I build your ass out although Look at that men 18 plus courses 10 to three July 6.6 August 4.9 September 6.5 So I'll try that that I was bringing it back you see what I'm saying back after that after your disill August You chased away most of the audience out there with you disgusting tongue and ask comments cheat coming Let's see mornings What's he doing? Oh, that's not so bad See August the whole station was bad and August okay, we just got a bad fall out of diaries Okay, it was all epic sposings frozen August we got killed we got putured by those illegal aliens your people My people aren't illegal. Yeah, how the where where's your goddamn photo registration card by the way George said he's voting a treasure island Men 18 plus July more in the morning is this mo 4.6 3.3 and 4.1 You know a 6 to 10 isn't it? Oh, that's right 6 Yeah, I can't get into any of these numbers that's 6 or 10 that's right at 6 to 10 and considering that we had a 6 5 and September 10 to 3 Which means we probably had like 7's and 8's of whatever in it right Yeah, in September so that 4.1 quickly immediately drops into the threes and how far we don't know We don't want to know and the hump or any afternoon and 18 plus 3.8 in July now what is that all about? See that's actually his number now so we can then I listen to me. I'm sorry Very strange because like I just said the rest of the station August we took it up the Yeah, no, yes, we did July for Hank 3.8 in men August 7.1. But remember we were September 3.5 He got a kiss in August. He got a kiss Evidently all his relatives must have gone I don't want to think nothing away when I friend a hump or but and as far as nighttime goes 7 and a night 4.2 in July is the interest in the Marlins kind of tailed off a little bit as the season wound down to a bitter end Now how come we didn't get any word about the Chris Carter? Hey Clarence Thanks for these numbers baby, but where's the word about Chris Carter? They had the press conference in noon and I guarantee you that on your dolphin station Inquiring minds out there want to know to the dolphin sign Chris Carter is you gonna be wearing no whatever number is gonna be wearing Is you gonna line up there and do his Viking thing is you gonna like kick some ass catch a few passes. What's the story there? Baby we've got to realize what I know We got the info no So those are the numbers which I would say I don't I don't know until we get the hour by hour doesn't mean too much Wednesday You figure I think tomorrow really can't wait. Yeah, I think tomorrow because last time everybody said now like two days later We better get him tomorrow. I don't want to like start getting pushy Well, I think we better give him tomorrow. May of Clarence and the and Muff they get on the phone with Tanner she can work it out Young voters this engagement skews politics. I don't want to do that. It's too depressing About how the young people are on the bus. How do you expect young people to be involved in his crap fixed elections? What's your phony baloney hypocrites Who the hell are these people okay multi millionaires and billionaires? You're expecting young people to be involved in this crap. I sure is held don't and the only reason I'm gonna vote there on November five is because I want to vote against you have bush I'm not voting so much for a building bride because I don't know build a bride from the father of the bride okay? Do you know he's a good old boy from Movon or West Coast never stole a free train? I don't know squat all the better in and you know what I don't care I don't care if he just robbed six banks in the last hour. I don't care I'm voting against Jeff Bush and this very band of fascists These good good Holyer than now goody two shoes board again Christians point to figure out why that he's got it all covered he's born again Christian in these Catholic And he's got the most dysfunctional family since the bunkers It's incredible I'm much of the press conference Which press conference for once that that's when the final decision was made so I can't control what what was out there and media and talking all that stuff And they're not of our players should be and then I promised you didn't have any effect on the football game Of course I didn't hear anything as important yet I can be 30 set I just by based on what I see it's too bad that we have to open that up and put it on here as opposed to like Somebody over there in our sports department bringing in the information for us on your dolphin station We're always getting bitch that you didn't carry the Jimmy Johnson press conference you didn't carry it remember that Always So we're saying okay, well bring us the information we'll put it on immediately if not sooner as soon as it's available and what do we get? We get these crappy numbers That was sensational the door opens Clarence opens the door looks at me. It says they sign them that was fucking great Thanks, chorus Chris Carter But can you play quarterback with you fucking Hello George I To tell our allies of the greedy oil But then he make you The couple seems to the toilet and then scrub the floor There you go You Mother train monkey We're 33 at five six to double to QA We have 162 votes on a poll pretty weak the media coverage at well, of course, it's pretty weak as the whole things anti-climactic now because it looks like It could be over looks it could be it might be and it might be it might not be as Harry Kerry would say in an ain't But still it goes on two people and custody enrichment virginian the story goes on It's think about the raid press conference want a clock arrangement of Virginia which certainly won't be nearly as important as the press conference that we just Concluded there were day once it said oh yeah, we signed Chris Carter Go to think that was a lot more important than catch in the sniper that's shooting this in people well here locally sure and got everybody in Terra 3602 votes media coverage has been just another feeding frenzy like OJ Shonra, John today 247 68.2 percent shame on you you talking head channels Maniacs I've been okay 50 people so then outstanding 37 and too much 28 so when he had the too much in the feeding frenzy you got the 70 almost 76 percent pretty patriotic So I look to me like we did pretty good in September like I really build your old spicass out Thank you and See I don't want to start talking too loud because who knows? Maybe the mad dog had a huge September do you think okay? May it could be it could be But my point being this okay since I'm sure a little of the ball time is still listening right now He's got a cranked up real out he borrowed somebody's radio in the office. He's got a cranked up so a lot of it's vibrating But at any rate if we actually didn't make that big come back in September and got a real good number in here Which helped save salvage our number one position you know I'm talking about huh? How could that be possible when I'm reading all these uh periodocals on the air how's that possible? Just you know they love you no matter what you do yeah right right except if I put time jick on here to belt I'm not too happy about it. Okay If we've a little Tommy I'm there to share his gastric distress with the interonit Seriously you've heard me say that before I'm not making it up because he wrote this crap in yesterday's a book yes often He always used to like Belching and puking like he just eaten 45 tamales or something Thank God though he restricted it to the That orifice he kept it in the that orifice So let's see some of it didn't do all I bad from six to ten Now six to nine that could be another story. No See that's another thing that makes it so ludicrous that he's adopted this the hard ass Have noxious disgusting militant uh, you know me against the world kind of attitude here you follow what I'm saying Yeah, we're supposed to be a team. We'd like to embrace you not physically obviously because you're a Disgusting old man with a bad wig, but we'd like to embrace you Be a part of the radio station not a freaking island okay Not like we aren't there when I got them limo by yourself because it's very obvious that you buy yourself Can't carry this radio station all right? You may have a nice back, but it's not that strong of a back To like try to carry everybody else so maybe lighten up a little what do you say? Oh no And could happen is it no we'd love to embrace this man It's where but are still a chance to like at least to communicate with us all George see you want speak to me He speaks to you all George Jen just out of spite just out of spite. He does that So anyway he ain't doing much he's kind of like he's found his his found his level I guess you might say So the hump or had that real suspect month there in uh, okay, that's all right. He'll take it You'll take it right Hank Whatever again just like there's it and he does deserve it. I don't begrudge him anything He deserves all the good stuff he gets Guys shows up every day does a tough two three hours on the year will not every day put those ex-jocs Everyone wants in a while hey more power to him, you know more pay less work that's our motto between 9 a.m. and 7 p.m. on a station lots more pay much less work That's why Joe Rose shows up every now and then or is the mad dog they screw it off See our lives one thing I like about him to is I respect the honesty of his answers not all while he's uh, you know Got some emergency is Corona he said in home with a wife watching the old soap opera something like that Watchin poor normalies whatever it's doing This story from the news telegraph and the UK is very disturbing to me The explosive used in the belly bomb attack could have come from supplies handed over to the Mujahadine by the CIA during the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan The same plastic explosive known as C4 was used in the attack on the US as coal off Yemen in October 2000 which 17 people died suggesting that it linked to al Qaeda a senior member of al Qaeda's told US investigators in Afghanistan that it sent Abu Bakr by a seer spiritual leader of jamaah islamia a large sum of money We're too loud to buy explosives a US report on the interrogation of Kuwaiti born Omar al Farouk who's being held in Afghanistan We first of the transmission of 73 grand from Saudi Arabia to buy a syrup which used to procure explosives But security sources caution at the explosive as much easier to your hold of than some reports of suggested Wow, there you go. Maybe you did maybe we didn't Just like that poison gas that we up's provided for Sodam and When he used it against his own people and the curds we said ah Police find meth lab on SMU campus speaking by the way of inflammatory substances Police had something Methodist University say they found a met the uh, and fedamine laboratory in a campus music practice room a Methodist Lab practice makes perfect and I met this the meth and fedamine lab No rest of it made some campus police kept in Tommy Jones There are drug production lab was found of the owns fine arts center on Thursday few days after students return from fall break These center houses the meadows school of fine arts Including offices classrooms and practice rooms all are open of the public until the centers locked up at night Investigators collected several items used in the making of the drug as well as papers varying fingerprints and other clues Investigators hopefully the people who used the lab certainly wasn't our find upstanding musicians was it Just like that business about the about KAT and a classical music And let me say it again. How come the guy that's supposed to be writing about radio and TV isn't writing about radio and TV Lonely pop little boy To prevent the pasty spot They can't ask the anti-pinch When they are the theories Yeah, not to stop rushing out the slot they strike in the phone Yeah We're doing we miss the contact Not for me. I don't like that Long as they are not to white I feel comfortable in style Loopy of the site mission In the meantime The secret What I like to be a blood is to be a woman A man like me it's lolling now What they'll go In between your eyes now And no What I do to bless you I might break inside your tomb I would shout the loud black cock I'd do the fool You'll find I'm a perfect fit As I make it to kill it And prevent the sightly spots But my word of a fuck But 17 to 150560WC here we got mad dog coming up one to three Be crying in his beer. I'm sure after that tobacco yesterday like I said can Chris Carter play quarterback No, can anybody play quarterback? Well, gee is on a mend Jfiler Jfiler all you phony's out there man and we're ripping him and ask oh we want Ray look as he's the best yeah That performance yesterday I can't find words to a describe it I mean, that was just and for anybody to trust it well, it was just you know a one-time thing That was pathetic Ray Just because he's got the Jason Taylor and Torrey Stratford haircut. Then he could have get the job done This guy, okay, you become a chronic the guy that I read his past before your chronic just calm down Good intentions, but just relax put it away No bail and cross dressing murder have you heard this story? Yes Three young men are being held without bail in northern California in the murder of a cross dressing 17 year old boy The body of Eddie Arruho of Newark was found in a shallow grave in El Dorado County police say that's Newark, California Police say one of the suspects that officers to the body a fourth man was arrested but not charged Police said Arruho showed up at the October 3rd house party is a girl named Lita And was assaulted and killed after what what a coincidence Someone would appear on a radio show and that was her name also Lita our receptionist Did he say take me to your leader and Was assaulted and killed after the suspect or he was a boy. This is not a funny story, okay horrendous grotesque leave it to George to be bringing freaky Carlos in this story The defendant's allegedly beat him nearly unconscious and tight the rope around is actually appear to be dated Then the drove his body to where were most spot on the Sierra foothills and buried him a police have it They would said they're gonna pay for what they did said Arruho's in how do you pronounce it? I don't know Immel the Guerrero. I hope everything got she's got a different name. I hope everybody out there who sees this Learn something from this because he was a beautiful person inside and out Michael Magmedison 27 Jason Jiren neighbors 19 and Jose Morrell 24-Pyrton court Friday on charges of murder with a hate crime enhancement They entered no pleas and were held without bail Neighbors lawyer Robert J. Bea Abelis said his client had no violence in his background There was no bias in him billa said nothing to win a kid neighbors would actively participate in any type of homophobic activity According to the affidavit Paul Morrell's girlfriend took a bow-ho into the bathroom at the Morrell's house The settle the question of his gender than the Nancy was a boy Jose Morrell punched around her to the floor neighbors and mags has enjoyed in police said Paul Morrell said he was sleeping at the time But his girlfriend woke him in and assisted they flee He told police he saw Rahman before but his skirt pulled up as they left but knew nothing more Police said the other three drove the body to the mountains He was important missing by his mother when they didn't come home Thomas Friedman writes I don't want to be reading no periodicals, oh, you know This is in yesterday's New York Times I mean it wasn't in the Sun sent or the Harold is in my permitted do that Because it's not a local paper now like all those numbers cooking shows the time reviews are those local cooking shows The time jick are we using the Sun sent? No, they're not I don't think we have any local cooking shows now. That was time I checked oh Thomas Friedman writes it's drilling for a freedom in yesterday's New York Times He says a funny thing happened in Iran the other day the official Iranian news agency IRNA Irna published a poll on a Iranian attitude toward America conducted by Iran's national Institute for Research Studies and Opinion Pools The poll asked 1500 Iranians whether they favored opening talks with America and 75% said yes More interesting 46% said US policies on Iran which include an economic boycott and leaving Iran as part of an excess of evil Where to some extent correct oops you can imagine what happened next Iran's hardliners shut down the polling Institute and threatened the Irna official will publish the results Never mind the fact that the hardliners had to do such a thing shows how out of touch they are with Iran's courageous mainstream I relate to sensitive because it's very useful in thinking about the task of democratic transition in the Middle East The Arab and Muslim worlds there largely dominated by autocratic regimes if you want to know what it would look like for them to move from autocracy to democracy Check out Iran in many countries it'll involve an Iran-like mixture of theocracy and democracy in which the Islamist initially win power by the ballot box But then can't deliver the jobs in rising living standards at the young people desire so they come under popular pressure and can only hold on to power by force But eventually they will lose because the young generation in Iran today knows two things one they've had enough democracy No, they want more of it and two they've had enough theocracy crammed down their throat Snow they want less of it eventually they'll force a new balance in Iran involving real democracy and an honored place for Islam But not an imposed one But why is this taking so long? Why is Iran like Poland or hungry after the fall of the Berlin wall and why might not Iraq be like them after the fall of Sodom? The answer is spelled OIL The transition from our autocracy to real democracy in Iran is dragged out much longer than in Europe for many reasons But the most important is because the hardline mollus control Iran's oil well What that means is that they have a pool of money they can use to monopolize all the instruments of coercion The army police and intelligence services and their full of money is not dependent on their opening Iran's economy or political system Or being truly responsive to their people's aspirations Think of it like this there are two ways for a government to get rich in the Middle East one is by drilling a sandune Others by drilling the talents talents intelligence creativity energy of its men and women as long as the other Cratic leaders of Iran or Rakhr Saudi Arabia can get rich by drilling their natural resources They can stay in power long long time all they have to do is capture control of their oil tab Only what a government has to drill its human resources will it organize itself in a way that enables it to extract those talents with modern education Open trade and freedom of thought of scientific inquiry in the press For all these reasons if we really want to hasten the transition from autocracy to something more democratic In places like Iraq or Iran the most important thing we can do is gradually but steadily bring down the price of oil through Conservation and alternative energies I know that Dick Cheney thinks conservationists for cities real men send V-52s But he's dead wrong in the Middle East conservation and alternative energies are strategic tools Ronald Reagan help bring down the Soviet Union by using two tactics. He delegitimize the Soviets and he defueled them He delegitimize them by branding the Soviet Union evil empire and by exposing its youth to what was going on elsewhere in the world And he defueled them by us so outspending them on Star Wars that the Soviet Union went bankrupt in the Middle East today The Bush team is delegitimizing the worst regimes is an axis of evil But is doing nothing to defuel them just the opposite we refuel them with our big cars Which was the first and only real Arab democracy? Lebanon which Arab country had no oil? Lebanon which is the first Arab oil state to turn self into a constitutional monarchy Bahrain which is the first Arab oil state to run out of oil? Bahrain Ausnixid Am is necessary for holding the spread of democracy in the Middle East But it won't be sufficient it won't stick without the Middle East states kicking their world dependency without us kicking hours Right time of freedom you know freedom in the yesterdays New York time sorry to be reading these periodical things from out of town on a year Okay, because I know they're not local and it doesn't help me keep my finger on the pulse of All the good stuff that's going on here. Can't you feel it the pulse? UAM What the has up here? Kids Bob Records where kids sing along with popular songs now introduces kids Bob classic 20 original modern-day classic songs go home family can enjoy Your kids contested these songs all day their songs the kids love Head of dog you loved me Heralde shot was special Your Sof Shall Your kids are fat I'm a bitch, I'm a bitch, just a bitch you said I could still hear her. I can't play the guitar like a motherfucker ride. It's a bomb plastic. Not available in any store for, for, for today. 1256 at 560 WCM they got two people on custody in Richmond, Virginia, press conference come up in a couple of minutes and one of the suspects is a Mexican. You ought to be pleased about that. No. What why not? You don't like Mexicans. Oh, that's right. You were hoping it was a Puerto Rican. WCM? Well, no seriously, isn't it? Look, I don't dislike Mexicans. I don't want to get into anything. But isn't it an NC the one guy that said they were like olive skin? There you go. I like the Mexican. Maybe that's because you fly fly. I have to pan doubt you guy. Maybe you would have fallen a crack. Huh? Maybe he knew something I doubt it though. He didn't like use a scumbag. Career criminal. But at any rate, so when I was starting to say before I got interrupted by a time. Jika and all those periodicals, the fact that this guy, at least one of them was Mexican, it's better than if it turned out to be like somebody of Middle Eastern to sent you follow what I'm saying. Oh, yeah. No much better than that. Because if they both are going to be like, uh, signing these right heads. Anything, uh, if they both are not to be ragheads, moving on. Oh my God. Yeah, like that. But Mexicans. And of course not only that, but we don't even know if these are the snipers. Right. No, we don't know. No way of knowing if there's any kind of terrorist. Yeah, and that's he. No way of knowing. No way of knowing. Howard Kurtz. This man, seriously, he, when you see him on a screen, you know your life has reached the, the bottom, the pits. This man is so full of crap. And what they didn't hear yesterday, I loved it. He had his own little pen. Hey, pal, he's walking. Look at that. Pal, he's got a walker now. And I just got an air pal. Have you got a day only? And of course, uh, he's pretty good with these numbers. Maybe he can get that stuff first tomorrow. What? As it as he can. He's there a bit. He said, I'll look. He didn't say as soon as I can. I can hear through the glass. No, he said, I'll look, but then they don't. What is that? What? What is that that he's hanging? I always have a lot of adrenaline with it. And he's wobbling. Here what does Walker look out. Uh oh. Jesus Christ, 600 pounds wobbling through that door. The whole building is shaking. Clear channel. It issue in floor to election. Fast dudes. Democrats and Florida trying to make a campaign contribution from former clear channel executive An issue in the States campaign for governor Carl Ellar. Do we not the football player? The returns.