Were terrible and early? Jesus Christ! Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Imma getischer puppet. Now we know that she likes getting stole. Stupid you… Stupid… Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. That you busted him. You already go, DeJep. And there you bop. Know psychic friends... Are going to help you get away. Gay. 2, 2, no, what's in that lipstick case? Oh! Oh! You know what charge is she for face? Oh! Oh! Do you know what's in that lipstick case? Oh! Oh! Whoa! Do you know what I heard her saying? Oh! No, no, don't confiscate my daughter! Oh! I know 2 at 560 WQM is great. It's a real revelation. A real fly opener to be done here for a couple of days. Just briefly, just long enough to actually. It's one thing to know this place is a plague run. It's nothing to be in it and seeing it and smelling it. We're talking to that this morning. Thanks a lot Pete, Lenny. This man, he's the Schmidt inducer. He just can't stop. Brought me in a bunch of crap here yesterday. All that diet stuff that's loaded with all the stuff that makes you crap all day. So the one thing, what do you call those things that I eat? The chocolate, the meringue. That's the thing. And I didn't touch yesterday because I was going to hopefully go to the doctor to get my blood test yesterday, which I've tasted that depressing story in a moment. I guess I'm just stupid. But, and so this morning I sit here figuring, well, I might as well, you know, these the label looks safe. Forget about the label. Any of that diet stuff, it'll make your crap your brains on. Because it's got sobotal and maltotal and crap at all. It's just loaded. And so I sat here and ate the whole package, which there wasn't that much in there. Maybe an ounce, I don't know. And sure enough, within 20 minutes, I had to make two big runs and had to do with the biggest Howard David's ever took in my life. It was just scary, unbelievable. And then George went in there to take his morning and it tells me that it was still lingering in the air. The wallpaper was. Well, when you got this head cold, you know, and all the ends, goodbye the way. Thank you very much, Petty Lennie. Then he brings me in chicken wings from Little Alcabouce. I had just come back in her. I just barely finished wiping for Christ's sakes. And come back in, everybody's bringing more crap. God is he stupid or what? No, that's me. I'm a moron, because I listen to my mother. You know, years ago, she had me go to her optometrist many years ago. I don't want to say that he was on tap street in Pembroke Pines. I'm sure he's long gone. This guy makes me a pair of glasses that were like, in other words, if you were like 20, 100, these were like 4,500. That couldn't even see myself when I put those glasses on. I said, I think there's a little problem here. And then it's these take days. We do in the prescription to get the new glasses replaced. He says, well, you know, I don't really want to do this anyway. I'm just doing this temporarily. I want to be in show business. That's right. That was my mother's optometrist. Let's hear it for mom. I've told you yesterday. I said, you know, they see you coming to Midin' Miles away. Hurren every other old person in South Florida. They see all of you old-farts coming to Midin' Miles away. This is, that's all this place exists for. It's just a place to rip off and exploit old people. That's what it's all about, mom. Oh, it's all like a schmuck because I've had it with Dr. Dick and his imperious attitude and his incompetent office up there. It's personally now since my friend Gary left. Did you already call yesterday? No. Anybody call him about Gary's whereabouts? Maybe he was with Al Goldstein. I don't know. But at any rate, so I go to my mother's doctor. She makes an appointment. All I want to do, I want to do two things. I want to get like, you know, a minimal checkup, which is guy. Did stick his finger in my eye. What is about all he did of any note? I wanted to get my prescriptions, you know, and a bunch of refills for the summertime because you have to have a bunch of pills. And I wanted to get blood tests, which I do a couple of times a year. Okay, is that a big deal? No. So I go to this place and I wait for a few minutes. And, of course, they don't know me from Adam. I mean, I'm using my real name and which I don't expect like big time. Yes, I do. Why not? You know, at least be treated like a human being who makes more than 50 bucks a week. So I would say, they finally schlep me in there and this little, uh, Julio, uh, nurse, male nurse. He takes my blood pressure and he writes down 148 over 144 for 98. Now I know that that isn't right because my blood pressure is great. I've just taken a blood pressure pill before I left here. When I got home by the way, even after all the stress that encountered my blood pressure was 110 over 77, I just met to that in passing. And that was the best thing that they did. And then this make believe, Doctor of my mother. He comes in and I'm a bit, but I'm hoping, oh, I'm from the banana republic. I've been here 10 years. You know, one of your people, George. Oh, total in it, totally inept. I'm not saying that all your people are bad doctors, but some of them are even real doctors. Yeah, I don't think this one was, but at any rate. So now, we do the thing he writes me out the prescriptions. He sticks his finger deep inside my back and didn't even put a glove on, which I thought was a little bit unusual. I hate he put a, I'm not that stupid. But anyway, so he writes out the prescription that he's writing all the other stuff out for the blood test. Now ordinarily, when you go to any doctor and you tell me my blood, I said, tell me what you want done. I want, you know, kidney and liver function. I want blood lipids. Whatever I told him I want, I give him a little list. Now I'm paying for all of this. So you ordinarily expect somebody to come in and nurse or somebody in a, you know, you roll up your sleeve and they put the plastic thing on your arm and they take your blood. Would that happen there? No, no. Now he writes me out of prescription. And then as they push me around the hallway where the arrows are to the place where you pay where they take your money. So I write them a check for the 95 bucks. This is pretty cheap and believe me. Well worth it to have the price for the exam. And now they give me a thing in this woman's, is all be right out. You have to go to the lab. Well, I'm assuming that, it's a pretty big building. I'm assuming the lab is like down the hallway, right? Nirong. This place is over on, uh, where to hell was this? It's on Tastree. Over by about 64th. I don't want to give off exact location, but don't go there. The lab is over by where we used to work with packs in the industry of park there, Sheridan and the 29th, up by almost at the end there by Sterling Road. Okay. I know where it is. Yeah, it's a lab where they do blood tests. The only problem is I realized what I walk in there that only indigent people go there. So I guess they were assuming because I didn't have insurance and I was paying myself that I must have been a slipper. And my mother tells me that when she goes to this doctor that they take her blood right there in the office, but of course she's gotten insurance. Would I didn't know anything about this scam? I would have told them, hey, guess what? I can write you a check. I'll pay the cash. No problem. Sure you can. So they send me to this place where all these slippers are and I walk in. I was about one of the two white people in the whole place. I'm not suggesting course that you dark folks are like dead beats, but you know, the fact of the matter is. And I'm sitting there and I'm sitting there and I'm looking around this place which looked like, oh man, you don't want to be dealing with no needles in a place like that, ma. And I finally have to just sit there for about 10-15 minutes. I thought I'm going to be saying they're pouring in there. They're pouring. They're coming in by the crap load. They were either all spartars or all, all, all people who could barely breathe. I said, I think I've waited long enough. I said to myself, and I just got up and walked out and race to a wall greens with all my prescriptions for my friend Marcie over their implantation. Nice going, Marcie. And that's it. Tisai wasted almost a whole day, at least the way in my mind, you know, with another crack doctor. Find it. I want to sub-blood test. Okay, take the blood. Here's what I want to test for. I'll pay you whatever the charge is. That's it. I'd like to know my cholesterol, my triglycerides. If I'm still alive, my PSA, all these things. Is that all, is that should that be difficult to accomplish? No, this shouldn't be. But this is South Florida. And that's why it's so goddamn frustrating. I gotta be stupid to be here again, even only for a few days. I gotta be some kind of a moron. I walked out of there and I thought Jesus cried. He's kind of a place as this. Seriously, I don't want to start on him again today, but I would probably wheel. But you know, he's, I have never encountered a human being. There's nobody else in a war like Mohour. He's the only person in the war like him. So uptight and so humorless and so self-centered and just, you can't deal with this guy. He has no sense of humor. None. Not a little sense of humor. There's no sense of humor. After we had that little cross of yesterday, we had to pretty good time. I thought, and then he walked in our thought, we were going to have a truth. And I thought, Jesus cried. He was kidding me. Oh man, we had a good time in there. Everybody was yuckin' it up. It's a radio show. He's still on kiddin'. He blames it all on you by the way. He hates you. Like poison. The rumors around the building are that he spends all morning during the breaks and ripping you in an ass while you know, in between a commercial break or during a commercial break. Ripping you in an ass. And by the way, don't be going in there to get the log anymore because you're not allowed to worry. When that show is on the ear, you are not allowed in that control mirror. And you know, neither's anybody else by the way. Because when the star is on the ear, nobody else is involved. And allowed in less than by special invitations. Gotta be embroidered. In fact, Randy Mower showed me his embroidered invitation in the way out this morning. By the way, lose the face all schmutz there, Randy. You look silly or whatever. 10 minutes after 9 at 5.60, WQA, man, I'm gonna tell you. I got my car yesterday and what it said on the outside of the temperature. 101. Really? 101. And I thought to myself, this is like trying to live in a goddamn furnace. And it's not easy to stay healthy in a place like this. And of course, all that bacteria, you know, all the mold in the mildew and the heat in the humidity, it keeps multiplying like crazy. Only a minute is a product that will make you feel your best to keep you in good health even in the humidity of this furnace in which you live. Only a minute is a soft gel capsule that contains pharmaceutical rate olive oil, along with vitamins and minerals and urinals to promote healthier prostate. Your heart, your blood pressure and your cholesterol. Only a minute is also got supplements to promote health and your circulatory system. Your digestive, your endocrine system, your skin bones, even your mind. All using the benefits of the best olive oil that money can buy. And only a month got products from men and you ladies out there as well. It's available all over town. Go see Marseille Walgreens, ask her where's the damn only omit honey. You can also pick it up at Whole Food Market to the rural pharmacy and sedanos as well. It's a stupid and a succeeding new product that will really do your body a lot of good. If you'd like to get more information about it, call them toll free ask away. Call 1-86-Olio-Med. That's 1-86-O-L-E-O-M-E-D. And don't forget, you can also order their products on their web. BREF-D-I-C. No person at this program may be due to disease-to-buckage stress-spray information at WKM below. I've cast good and corporate ed. We'll table and rate me. If you're like many Americans, you've loved the new MTV hit show the Osborns. However, if you're like a majority of the viewing audience, you have a hard time understanding what the hell anyone is saying on the show. For you, we present the Osborn's translation viewing companion. Just plug in the Osborn's translation viewing companion into any television and sit back and enjoy. Jack, stop telling people your Osias born son to get into places. Your A. The loser. Jack, you're a liar. I don't show for twice, not just that. I'm just about to go to bed. Well, I'll tell you why. I'm Osias born twice. Now shut up. Up and go to bed. I'll get more attention to those pesky British accents and just enjoy the show. I don't really care what people think of my hair. They like it or not. I get to knock the hair so I don't really care. I don't really care. Well, people think of my hair. If they like it or not, it's not their hair. So I really don't care. Who's that rhyme? The Osborn's translation doing companion. Don't watch the Osborns without it. 915-560 WQM-Happy Tuesday. Do I think Peter Lederd is probably accounted for about half of my time between now and one o'clock. I'm telling ya. There's that thunder down under. There's a crackling again. Nice going, Peter. I'm only here for a couple of days and this man doesn't want to miss the opportunity. He makes me crap my brains out. He just can't stop himself. He's probably stood out there in a hallway. Wait for me to go flying down the hall and believe me. Very soon. I will. Just like that bit where he says, oh, I will. Billy, it will. That's how I feel because I will. Believe me. Anyway, how'd that pull come out yesterday? Speaking of that, 966 votes on a survey. How much should you care about the language problem in South Florida a lot? This is America's fake English God damn it. 502.1% or still whipped up about that whole bilingual thing they can't stay can't handle it. I'll enough to avoid date County as much as possible 240 of us said that that's 25%. Not at all 117.11% I'm bilingual so too bad for the rest of you 95 people said that about almost 10%. You know, it's interesting that number was consistent all the way through. That must be our Julio crowd 10% when you say that's, I guess. And there is no language problem 20 people said that that's only 2%. Silly people. I mean, saying there's no language problem in South Florida is I would say just like saying they're not back in the third. Yeah, pretty much the same thing. So now get into the days pool, Eric. As George is going to take the heat, here's a couple of facts to lead into it. Here's one first of all it says, glad you're back. God am I glad you're back. As Robert Duval might say, your show is a large breast it hit. No, that's not what he said. He said it's a big, big, titan hit. That's what he said. This little hole streaming below Joe Costello had a week to destroy it. Mr. Costello's delivery on the air reminds me of a deer in the headlights. His performance was about as silenade as the performance of that fag who played Anakin Scott. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. This performance was about as silenade as the performance of that fag who played Anakin Scott Walker and returned of the clones. Do you think that he was gay? Thank you, Mo. See, we got a new new format in his show now. I say if you were to then Moses like gay and then, you know, fills in the rest of the sentence. I mean, why is only working three hours anyway? Why is he looking a little more out of him for all that money? That movie was not for the average person by the way. If you didn't know Star Wars history, it was very difficult to follow. Was that correct? It was only for Star Wars groupies. Yeah, sure. You think that what's his name again? I've made in Christian. Hey, in Christian sin, you think that he's gay? Oh, you know something I'm going to have to run down the hallway. Oh, no. Yeah, this Peter landed. I'm serious and I'm not joking about this. And I only blame myself. I blame nobody about myself. How is it possible for anybody to be so stupid? It's me. After the 500th time and he keeps he always and I get out of here with that stuff. Oh, no. And he goes swearing. There's nothing in here. And it's all the same crap. It just makes you crap your brains out. Okay, I think it may have some, I don't think so. Huh? Well, let me play at least. Let me play something good while I'm running down the hall. Okay, I don't want to just play filler music. I apologize profusely for this. No, not really. It'll kill some good time. I got a lot of very important stuff to get to here today, including Wideow Schwarz is with the Fending Mike Tyson right there at the end of Mo show. It's always the same thing, you know what? Well, how about Mooney by dove? Or I mean Mooney is singing dove. I never can get the, you know that song? No. I'll be back. All right, oh no. Got him on his poop. Why can't he give her his love? Oh, oh, oh, oh can't. Here's on her face and the dove. Right, he knows he won't be able to fly. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. The camera runs at this frame. He won't be able to sing so slow. I hope it never happened before. Never, never, never, never. I'll be part of it. And the she question goes on. Why? Why, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. The her husband has so good and you know me. And so that he's in my love. You'll be ill if you're all alone. You'll always be part of this time. The way you could say my his style away from me. I was in my heart. So how was it? Oh, just fine. How was it going? You. Oh, outstanding. Very productive. Kind of like one of those great little cigars as well. Now, I'm 21 at five, 60 year of foolish med station for the new century. The new deal is I'm only here like a few until October. I'm only here like today in tomorrow. I don't ever want to see him in here again. I mean, if Mo can make all these rules about nobody's allowed in the control room while his important show is on here, I can say I don't want P. Lenny in here again. Which only includes a rest of today and all of tomorrow. I don't want to see him again. It's not personal. It's business. That kind of business. Oh, man. Three gigantic mohowards in the same morning. It's not even 10 o'clock. You're making my kishki's twist just on. Don't be stupid. Okay, get back to this facts now. Because this is a good one. Anyway, about Joe Costello's decrepit performance. I'm sure you've heard it by now. George is not the most exciting video person out of ever heard either. Well, that's for sure. But he can hold an audience's attention. Otherwise besides humor, he's a learned man and can talk at a wide variety of subjects. Other than rap music or auto racing, he brings up some very good points from time to time. He can actually learn something from him. Here's a problem with George. Yeah, he's stupid. I heard the show Howard did when Al Goldstein called in from jail. He claims the person is trying to kill him by giving the wrong diabetes medications. He also admitted that the 69 year old's father in a wheelchair kicked his ass. This happened because he wanted to turn the TV from black entertainment to a Charlie Rose. He also admitted he crap the prison suit he was wearing literally when standing in the Chowhall line. All of this because he mouthed off to the judge. And that's exactly right. That's why I gave him 60 days because he mouthed off to the judge. Because Al never learns his lesson. Just like I never learned my lesson with PD Lenny in that crap that crap in do the same stuff. He keeps bringing in here. It is a matter of fact. I don't want to play a bunch of boss with PD Lenny, but I'm going to tell you right now. If he ever brings any more of that stuff in here when I'm here again. You know, that's certain account that he's, you know, beg me to do that. I won't do it ever again. I'll never do that spot again. If you ever bring any more of that crap in here. I'm telling you, I have no problems. I'm not like my mother. I don't have any bowel problem. I have all the umpholibus. And so it comes out easy. Okay, just slides right out. In addition to which I'm back on balance for life, they brought food to the house last night, which you'll notice I didn't even bring in this morning because I'm going to mommy's for lunch today, so I can chew or out about that goddamn 40 doctor for us. And I'll be able to get blood tested. Whoever heard of such kind of a doctor's office, it's not some little thing he's doctors. If it's a big ass building, there are three different doctors supposedly practicing in there. I went back. I went home yesterday I said to my little dog. I said to tiny, what do you think of this doctor? He says, esmera doctor. Yeah, that's what he said. On a lighter note says this uh, Joe, this factory says the history channel will be showing clips of the O'Hockey O'W. We don't talk hockey on a station because modal like it. And it goes on about our website and about the constant interruptions. That's only the commercial thing, right? Does that what he's still talking about? I don't know. We don't know. We don't care. Okay. Just kiss the ground that you can get it. We have thousands of people all over the world. Let's say the show right now as I speak. Just kiss the ground you get it. It's free. We don't charge you anything. And so quit belly. So he picks on Joe. Now here's the one really rip and Georgian ass. And we'll get to our pool. And look at the giant print on there. There's two Neil. A lot of very fancy work went in this facts. See how he's like facts is where you know they put a lot of work into it. As opposed to just scrolling out some usual crap. To Neil, I'll tell you exactly what we're on with the Joe Costello show while you run vacation. I think this is from Joe. It says Joe did find by himself, but your Faggy boardop, the one with the loons of grander who calls himself a producer, kept interrupting Joe after every sentence. Poor Joe couldn't say two words without having the mum work cut him off. Georg did his best to try and steal a show out from under Joe. The only way a guest host will work is if Georgie can be banned from the studio to stop him from sabotaging the show at the very least. The mic should be removed from his booth. If your eye could survive from the booth, I wouldn't have had mad dog on yesterday. That was funny. I said go around the other side of that thing and he goes in. Georg is rude. Which was this as well. I guess. You ought to hear what he said off here. Well anyway. At the very least, the mic should be removed from Georg's booth. He had his chance and he blew it. He should put it into his petty jealousy. And let somebody else fill in without interference. God, I can't wait until Howard David gets that little spick fired. That's what it says. I think I like that. One thing we know about George. He scooped. There you go. So there's a rift job on Joe and one on George. So I and I promised I was going to take this pull, but I waited a few days. Probably didn't wait long enough because it was out sick of day and a half last week. And probably half the audience don't know why I'm back here. Anyway, here I am. Ready or not. I'm still full of it. Here's our pull question today. When Neil was on vacation, how did you like the George and Joe show? And we've got six choices. Well, I want to give him a lot of variety here. Good, bad in different. Didn't listen to it. Listen very little. He did it. Listen to lot. It was fine. Listen every day. It was great. George was good. Joe sucked. Joe was good. George sucked. Now I think we covered all the bases there. Do I do good? Do I do well? Yeah. I do my pull, maybe. Nobody does pull like Neil. While Neil was on vacation. How did you like the George and Joe show? Didn't listen to it. Listen. And by the way, we don't want the rumors for my mother filling the Sino. Okay, because they'll put down. Didn't listen to it. And then they'll tell me on the phone everything that you guys said. Didn't listen to it. Listen for a little. Hey, did it. Listen to lot. It was fine. Listen every day it was great. George was good. Joe sucked. Joe was good. George sucked. I think we covered all the bases there. Excellent job. 926 and 560 WQM on our great Tuesday. We got the mad dog at one. We got Hank from the Belmont. How is that possible? It must have taken a flight this morning, huh? Because he was on yesterday from Shulers. And didn't get a chance to see him after you made those in tempered comments about how he was still fat. He's probably pissed off at me too. And then so Hank is in New York at the Belmont today in all week. And then we'll be talking to Dave Johnson. I'm sure I'm Friday. You know Dave Johnson is one of yours. He's a white guy. Marlins on Dec. 630 Marlins at the Philly 705. Eddie K. after Marlins baseball and Joe and Mark overnight. And what can I say, you know, for whatever that's worth. Maxures shopping isn't worth much. It's a waste of time. Especially when you look into your thermometer there. And it says 101 degrees on the outside. You have to be some kind of a moron, some kind of a messicist. To be wasting all of that time running around town shopping from mattress when you could do yourself in your back a big favor by just sitting there on your fat lazy ass and making lazy phone call. That's what I do. There are a few fat or a lazyer than me. And so I just pick up the phone and call my good buddies at dialometres and say, hey, guess what? The old ones who are not here exactly what I want. And they'll be there in no time at all. And they'll do the same for you. They got the biggest selection name brand mattresses from Sura and Seely Simmons and King Coil. And no store can match their exceptional selection or their low everyday prices either. And of course, when it comes to delivery, nobody in the universe would even think about doing it like they do. They give you a two hour window that you choose when it's convenient for you not for them any days, seven days a week like between 11 and the one, noon and two, one and three. Whatever you want, they'll be there knocking on your door, taking away the crappy old bedding and sitting up your great new mattress, your name brand mattress and unbeatable price. So instead of slump it around town wasting all of that time and getting yourself worked up into a sweat, call our good friends the bedding experts at dialometres and they'll be there in no time at all. Like I just said, 1-800 mattress. And I'm going to call 1-800-MATT-RES. Or look them up on that wicked world. Driving in my car, sit at a coffee, trying to find a rest up because my now I got to be. Letters filling up, damn due to use my cup, got to get off the road because I think I'm like explode. Every time I head up on my start to quiver, but Lord, help me out to come down and sip. I'm a hazard to myself. Keep the great. Don't let me wet me. Senses, no facilities. I don't want to wet myself. Know you're a native. Don't want to go again, no all the floor. I want to go piece of whales. I want to go piece of whales. I owe 30 miles until the next stop. Meanwhile, my kidney's still. We're like they're gonna pop. And then COVID, that's deep floating. Think I'll take a leave right on the street. Faster faster, then please let me know traffic. Let's just become a living hell. And I just might wet myself. Don't let me wet me. Cause I really got to pee. I don't want to wet myself. Remember I was talking to you today about having Dr. Mark come back here and blow the blood right on you. I think that's the only way I'm going to get blood test in Florida. But I think I'll wait. See, that's one thing. Let's see, March April May. Most of the last three months would accept me the previous three days. I was here in April, which I avoided the PD line in the episodes. But you'll notice that no morning's up in Toronto. And I have to make a quick run or interrupt the show and put on music. Cause I had to go crap my brains out. And that's including even having made some bad mistakes. Right. Nestle's turtle. I'm not saying I was in and then of course all that Thai food. That just gave me a hot smits into my insides out. But not during the show. How do you like that? No, that you mentioned it right. Yeah. And now here I'm back for the second morning. And all of a sudden, I don't even get through the first half hour. I'm running out in the hallway, crap in my brains out. And almost made it to the throne too. Sand, very, very sad, PD. Get out of here. You're crazy person. Come see the reason bad mouth and mole. He was. It was terrible. Talking about how he played golf with Shua. I don't want to go through the story. It was terrible. You know, I'd see that's another good thing about my not being here. I don't have to get all wrapped up in that stuff because I don't need to hear people bad mouth and mole all day long. You know, I just, I don't like that. Because he and I are tight. Anyway, here's an update on a story I had for you late last week. Filth and Alphia, and thanks to our good friend Glenn and I, who's got an eagle eye for crap like this, probably a real pervert. Filth and Alphia, website founded by a priest that featured images of young wrestlers in bikini briefs was voluntarily shut down after questions were raised about its contents and the purpose. The Junior Professional Arresting Association site offered to sell photos and videos of the wrestlers, reportedly for charity. The site displayed teenagers in young men would nicknamed such as Johnny Hartbreaker and Bad Brad and wrestling poses. I love it. The Reverend Glenn Michael David Witch. I think I'm Friday. I had this story tonight. Yes, I believe so. The Reverend David Witch pastor of St. Michael the Archangel Byzantine Catholic Church in suburban Montclair founded the wrestling association in 1990 and some matches were staged in the church rectumary. Tony Carl director and webmaster defended the association's sports entertainment and legitimate fundraising tool in a statement he said unfair attacks and embarrassment forced the website to shut down last Wednesday. We are not have never been and will never be pornographic or sexual abuse statement said, rather the association was a makeshift attempt to mimic and spoof, pro wrestling. Right, Carl declined a phone interview, David Witch did not return a phone call seeking a comment yesterday. Nobody's returned in calls. The website stated purpose was to raise money for Thomas Mejia, a California teen who was paralyzed in suffered brain damage in 1994 auto accident. How you don't holy old? According to Carl, a priest in California, the Reverend James Curen established a fund in 1994 to help pay the family's medical bills and form the similar wrestling venue. Venture, whatever. But Mejia's mother, Marcelo said yesterday, she hasn't received any money from either wrestling organization. She said, curing did pay some of the families bills several years ago. I don't know dates, I don't know anything she said. Carl said the association sent checks totaling 5760 bucks to the fund administered by Curen, whose organization, Cohn Ghanas sports entertainment checked out last year. A spokesman for Curen now a pastor in Stone Mountain, Joe did not return a phone call either yesterday. Nobody's returned in calls. David Witch resigned from the association in February of 2001 after his bishop confronted him with personous concerns. Carl said, Carl said he found nothing wrong with the wrestler's attire. The majority of our wrestlers were athletes or proud of their healthy and fit appearances, and they feel they're dressed appropriately for wrestling entertainment. Yeah, what do you want wrestlers to wear like a Tuxedo or a 3P suit? Big expensive suit like Greg was born in here yesterday? People aged 16 to 30 of wrestlers for the association including about 25 minors who had parental consent. I'll bet they had notes for mommy and daddy. So there's the update on that. I can get to a vote under pull now. I can vote honestly because I wasn't here. I certainly, well I was an Amsterdam, so even then I don't have my computer there yet. So I didn't listen to it. I'm not going to put anybody down. That's just my vote. I think that facts were how to point. Next time Joe fills in, I think I should be far far away because you know I hate him and sandbagging me. No, I didn't say you hated him. It said that you mulled over any when you let him speak. Kind of like what Howard does to Geli, you know, you won't let him say anything. Okay, the vote of pull is up. I listen every day. It was great. Two people said then. I didn't listen to what I voted for that. And George was good Joe sucked one. It's only four votes, but it's up there now on eorogers.com. Let's go. This is very important, especially with the summertime coming. This will portend much for the future. What's going to happen on the show Monday, Wednesdays and Fridays during the summertime. Now I should point out, George will be doing the show on Thursday. No, Joe, right? This Thursday? I guess, right? I'll be doing the show. I don't know who will be here with. Is that up to me? And you know what? I couldn't give a crap less. I'm not going to be here. But Friday, I'll be back in Toronto doing the show on eor Friday. I just want to give that schedule out because this station does nothing at all to promote who's on and out. Now that most not mentioning my name again, you know, forget about it or whatever he was doing this morning in paradise. What a crap. He's back on that again. Just after we finally worked him out of that show. He was mentioning not just Neil, but Neil Rogers both names. And I went to the yesterday morning. We did a little crossover, which I thought was fine. I'll say it again. I thought it was a lot of fun. And he just, he just don't get it. He just can't take it. He can't handle it. Well, you're heard what, uh, I want to. 22 before 10 at 5 60. See, that's what bad. Me being back in his building. I shouldn't be here. I don't want to get involved in all the gossip in the internet. See, squabbling and bickering and all this backstabbing and all of the, you know, posturing that some of the people are doing and pushing people around. And nobody's allowed in this room. And nobody can do this and all this other crap. And I just, I can't, I can't do what people on that kind of level. Pay me to do a show and I'm doing the best I can. I'm going to continue doing the Neil Rogers show the way I wanted. Say whatever to hell I want. That's the show. That's it. Period. Take it or leave it. Like it or lump it. You heard me talking about the big one. It's right. And for sure, it once you can have a big one too. A big paycheck. The demand for certified computer professionals is through the roof. Pick up the phone and call our good friends at fast train right now. If you want to start making some bucks. 866 fast train. Some are classes are forming right now. If you call now, you can be certified in that new career before summer's end. Fast train offers Microsoft certified instructors for convenient locations, including new candle campus, job placement assistance. They need classes too. And for those individuals whose job was affected after 9.11, Fast trains in operation pay chattraining provider as well. Call fast train toll free 866 fast train right now. Or check them out on the web at fast train.com. Fast train like I said only moments ago can have you certified ready for a brand new money. Making career and as little as 4 months. So call them today. There's no obligation. They'll be ecstatic to answer all your questions. Call 1 866 fast train. The Lansing Philly is to not from the vet in Philadelphia. Cover begins at 6.30 on Sports Radio 560. She way, Jesus Christ. My eyes in cycle path. Pick me fast. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Christ. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. As if good girl that is a bitch's picture. Nice, uppercut. My quilt cry like a little baby girl from Zephyr. Three rounds with Lennox Lewis. Tyson will be praying for the bell to ring. And after four rounds with Lennox Lewis, Tyson's hand will look like Don King's Tupy. One round with Lennox Lewis. 943, a lot of your suckers out there got to pay how much is it? 80 bucks. I said 20 though, it's not 20. I think it's like 70, 80 bucks. Whatever it is, it's like bringing the money in your backyard to get kind and again to get sucked in. And what did I tell you all these years? I've always said in America, never met a skumbag. They didn't love. There are obsessed. In fact, in the Sun Sentinel, it's more than there's about a 75. Look at all the pages on there that I wasted, which I'm not going to even get to. Public fines, mic Tyson, bizarre but fascinating. I find them only one thing obnoxious, disgusting or disgrace a skumbag. So what time would it go watch the fight? I'm sorry, your place? Yeah. But that's right. I won't be here. I guess I'm going to have to have that big TV. I guess I have to miss that. Huh? Stanley Cup finals begin tonight in Detroit. Red Marines will be Caroline and Forest Raid. Maybe five, but I don't think so. I think they'll just mop it up. Forest Raid. Why even bother? Well, that's right. I forgot we're not supposed to talk about hockey because hockey is stupid. 45 votes on a poll. Well, Lee was on vacate. We'll take a few calls by the way today, just today in the moral. Like I did yesterday. George ain't going to be answering. So if you don't understand the screenless thing, see, I'm not going to monkey around with those people yesterday. Hello, can I talk today? We're as screenless. That means I'm picking up if I take a couple of calls. Or 100 or whatever I'm going to take. But I have no more patience for that crap because we've been doing this for about 700 years. If you don't understand that, then I just can't deal with it. 45 votes when the old was on vacation. How do you like the George and Joe show? I listen every day it was great. Nine. Tied for first place, where I didn't listen to it. Nine. George was good. Joe sucked eight. I listen very little. I hated it eight. I listened a lot. It was fine. Seven. And Joe was good. George sucked four. So you got you got the Joe down now. I never wanted to do that. I'm not like driving away. She here, but anyway, had those two factions. And I said I was going to do the survey. I mentioned that toward the end of last week. And what what better way to do it? How else do we find out who they liked and what they didn't like? We discussed that during the show that there was going to be those people factions. Right. And we don't care. We were friends before and still a lot. Well, we're not trying to break up your friendship. This is business, not personal. See, this is business. And you guys are taking it personal. Bad mistake. Don't be stupid. We won't. Please. Take it. Joe is good. George sucked four. But George was good. Joe sucked 11. They didn't like Joe. Now the one fact is that was because you interrupted him and never let him get on a roll and do anything. Well, that's not true, actually. Why don't believe it anyway? In fact, didn't I say it looked like Joe's facts? Although, what is it? It is Tuesday morning. I'm sure he's not awake by this time. You think no, he's a little asleep and he's in Lala Land. President Bush said for the first time yesterday and we're very excited to hear this now that the CIA and the FBI could have done more to protect the American people and congressional hearings, of course, are beginning today on pre 9-11 warnings. The dog and pony show is going on right now. Trying to cover everybody's ass. We can do a better job of defending the American people, which we are going to do. Bush told a crowd in the little rock Arkansas. We need to know what they're thinking and they're what they're planning on doing before they do something. The president's admission comes on the eve of that joint house Senate Intelligence panel's first hearing on what the country spies and law enforcement agents knew about Osama, Yamama, Bin Laden, and his terror team before September 11th. Lawmakers have closed the first hearings to the public arguing that releasing the tales about security goofs would compromise national security. Committee staffers of brief lawmakers on what they've learned so far after about 100 interviews in reviewing 30,000 pages of intelligence documents. Verid and another 300,000 pages according to USA today has proved that US agents intercepted al-Qaeda communications before September 11th and even infiltrated the group, but couldn't figure out what remarks such as something big as happening in tomorrow be a great day for us meant until it was too late. What does that mean tomorrow be a great day for us? That was the warning on September 10th. They said something big as happening in tomorrow be great day. They said that September 10th. They're still more still having hearings to try to figure out what they meant by that. You think they might have been referring to the attacks on the World Trade Center in the Pentagon? Maybe? Maybe. Probably not. God are they stupid. Or what? Huh? Boy, it pains me just to think about it. You'll be like this. This will make you day. Judge clarifies Florida citrus rule. Yeah. Know you will like this. Judge said his earlier ruling that the state's new citrus canker eradication laws unconstitutional applies all throughout Florida. The law passed earlier this year requires Florida agriculture agents to cut down all healthy citrus trees within 1900 feet of any being chopped down because they're infected with canker. The law also said the agents could work under a single countywide search warrant entering the yard of any home and taking trees even if the owners objected. But circuit judge Leonard Fleet's ruling said that was unconstitutional. His Monday ruling came after lawyers for the Florida Department of Agriculture asked for an emergency hearing to clarify whether there's ruling applied statewide. He said it did. There's only one constitution that applies to the entire state he'd be saying. The state plans to appeal. Agriculture commissioned your child's bronze and said the state should do whatever it could to protect Florida's 9 billion other citrus industry from canker. I scored for the judge. Let's hear it. He says we don't just pick and choose this block over here and a couple blocks over there and over by Georgia's house because guys don't like him. No. All over the state. 560 or take in some calls here this morning. I don't see many on the board which I'm really shocked because you know when we give that opportunity doesn't have to do off on an show. Bad mistake yesterday by the way 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line QAM. That was it. That's the only one. That's good. Like I said we're going to go back to our Toronto format QAM. Yes sir. Crystal's is coming to South Florida. I know that we had that several days ago. Okay great. That's the excitement. I'll come back for three days. What's the exciting news? We're getting crystal and soft Florida. That's it. We're getting those greasy little crystal burgers. Was it sunrise and power line I believe? Somebody facts that to us. Yes. I'm pretty sure that's what it was. And we don't want to overdo that because we don't want to piss off our friends at Little Caboos not even way narrow even though he's way down there in Dave County. But you know when Crystal wants to buy some spots on this day, snim will give them a lot more plugs. I regret that I plugged steak and shake so much. I apologize profusely. In fact, it probably a lot of people not here anymore. I'm sorry. We'll send them flowers. Because of my recommended. Well you know it used to be great. All I can tell you is my honest opinion. It used to be great steak and shake over in Tampa and Orlando all around the rest of the state. And I guess because they figure most of the people in sunrise you know gum their food anyway. The burgers can be like all falling apart like real greasy. Their burgers suck. Their fries are grotesque. Their shakes are still great. Well I don't feel so bad now because it's way over there by you. But they're opening up around town. They're from places. Not certainly not by you. And I will tell you. I will tell you though if you want to go get some blood testing done. There's this great place in the industrial park where they're right up by where we used to work. You can stop often say hi to Disney and Cheryl. That address you gave that's on the east side of university, right? On Tafft? The address of what? Where you want to get your blood? No it's on the west side. Okay but still Tafft right around university? No. It's Tafft around South of Sheridan Street. Well Tafft all a Tafft. I'm sorry. Tafft west of 441. Okay. Yeah. Not far away. Bad. Do you know where I'm talking about? Yeah, I know exactly where you're talking about. You're talking about my doctor's office. My mother's doctor's office. Oh, you're familiar with it? Well I've driven through there. But what does that mean? It's an industrial kind of low rent. Yeah, kind of area. Are you not going to people live in Adparta Hollywood? No, I would never. Yes you are. I think most got a point. All the beast just came in and tell us what happened this morning on the Amo Howard Show. Well, okay, say anybody missed any of the highlights. I see Randy Moller was in there with that little bimbo from the Panther organization. What? I didn't see her. What was her name? Give him the mic. Okay. Now he got all been out of shape because he's got the hotst for whatever her name and that is not a bimbo. Well, what was her name? That's Robin. Robin and what did you do then? Does she service the players? What is what? Oh, she does not. She's in community relations and she's very sweet and calm. She's in player relations. No, community relations. Human relations. Horizontal relations. Is that what she does? Well, at any rate Randy said she was good. And what he did? He did. He said she was good at what she did. She's a very good friend of mine. Oh, I see. That's what it was all about. You're a little bit less than you. You're getting some of that? No. I doubt it. Maybe he was another 30 pounds. Maybe the next 30 pounds. Maybe the next 30. You're also shiny as head is now they lost that weight and balance for life. His head is shiny like a beacon. Yeah. So at least mobile won't get lost now that you're in there in a morning. Although he did tell me you were kind of stupid. But that's beside the point. So and the interesting part of it is that we're there for 10 minutes and like I told Randy when it came in here to say, hi, my good friend Randy. More, read your Randy. Or more Buffalo Saber. I said, gee, Ryan, if we're 10 minutes I didn't hear any hockey talk. He said, oh, Mohay, hockey. So even everybody else knows that if the Panther people are going to come in here, they're going to have to talk about other extraneous crap and certainly not hockey because Motorola like it. Just ask Yeldy, Hiltani. If he mentions Puck right away, you know, he could not, let's go to Eddie and for Lauderdale. That's it. And there we go. One of the next great call. So anyway, the beast used to enjoy working here. You better watch yourself because I'm telling you he's unpins and needles. Everybody associates with us is bad. And the fact I thought you weren't allowed in here, are you not allowed to do a concert with us? Nobody associated with our morning show. The more Howard chose Lauderdale associate with us because we're bad guys. Just wants to use the microwave and you had to mention that he's here. Well, we allowed him to use the microphone. Yeah. For a starter to finish, close friend Robin, I'm sure is a lovely fine young girl, which he's hoping to do a side. He's notting his head, yes. Notting his head, yes. Very enthusiasticly. I'm going to have to restrain myself because there's something else that I almost was going to get into, but I'm not going to do it quite yet. Now I tell you I go back to Toronto. WQAM, hello. Hey Neil. We all know her name too. Yes sir. Pretty good. I would rather listen to Joe. George is unlistenable. I tune him out and you agree. Otherwise you would not have had Joe Costello audition last week. Well, well wait a minute when you say I agree. I didn't know he was not auditioning. He was not auditioning. I thought that since Joe has been doing his own show now for several months, I thought by having the two of them on together since they've all worked a lot together anyway in the past. I thought that they would make for the strongest combination. That's all when I'm not here. Wouldn't it a good idea to do what I think is the strongest combination? Well, I was not auditioning anybody. Well, you can do whatever you want if you're working so many nights. Okay, thanks. I already did what you said three times by the way. I had a dump what you said, but you can begin with an S. I had three big, uh, more hours this morning already. Thanks to PD Lenny. Thank you so much, PD for cleaning out my system. See when you got to end on, I sound better already. My feel better. Not hacking. Yeah, because when you got that, that's the clue that cool, whatever the hell it is. You know, the doctor looked at you. You got some congestion. What a doctor. The one at suckest finger in my. Wreck them with it without a glove. I think it was this finger, I sure hope so. I mean, I don't know what that well yet. I sure wasn't my type in addition to which well, five, six, seven, five, sixy. So there's a little shot at George and enthusiastic vote for Joe. The poll boy, look at that. We got anyone votes in a heartbeat. Look at that. This is going to get a lot of votes here. Did I tell you that now? The audience feels to be feeling strong about this. On of course, I know somebody that just pulled off the window. This place is where you can go and you can buy by the hour rent to computers, the library. Well, places like that. They have commercial places like that. I know that. Yeah, internet places. Well, anyway, somebody out in the way back home, this is just a rumor pulled off to vote on this, so that you sucked. Are you talking about it? I don't want to mention no names on the air. Okay. We'll table and rate me. When Neil was on vacation, how did you like the George and Joe so? So George was good. Joe sucked 18. 18. George was good. Joe sucked. I don't give me a look like that. He had to. Joe's not going to take it personal. Are you thinking, well, I just figured the other ones would have gotten something. I listened a lot. It was fine. 16. You should be very happy. You should be pleased, especially since you've been on a verge of getting canned for like last several weeks because somebody hits your guts. I listened very little. I hated it 16. I didn't listen to a period of 50, including me. Of course, I was an Amsterdam. I listened every day was great. 13. And Joe was good, George sucked 7. So you got like 23. George was good. Joe sucked 23. As the audience following this, I'm also confusing the way I wanted it. But I'm trying to give everybody a chance to get ripped. We're equal to opportunity. Rippers on this show. 9. 56 at 5. 60. Probably probably should do it tomorrow. Because tomorrow's my last day before I get out of here. I want to witness the scale. I don't, you know, because these reports, not that I doubt the veracity, but I want to see it myself. All right. It's a shoes off. Of course. I had to get way with my shoes on at the doctor. Yes, I don't like that. I hate that. And I got these nice heavy new balance walking shoes. They're great shoes, but they're heavy. Plus I had my wallet with all that money in it, which I wish they would have noticed. There was a big fat wallet, which checks and money in it. So they wouldn't have sent me to that place for indigent slippers to get the blood test, which I didn't stay there. Yeah, they sent me to a place that's like a place for slippers where you can't where you have no insurance. I didn't realize it. And everybody in there is a bunch of shfarts and dead beats, and I don't want to be redundant, but it was terrible. Thanks, Ma. You mean how to do it sweetheart? This is the same woman who spent $2300 for hearing aid that you can't wear. Why not? What? Doesn't fit? Huh? Hey, at springtime again, that means one thing time to clean up that house. That's right, eliminate the carpets of the dirt and the germs and dust that cause your allergies to flare up. It's the time to call the best in the universe dry concepts. Some of my best friends over there have been dual business with them for well over 20 years. How much has gotten close to, well, I'll see you have been here since 79, 20, or three years. And most of that time, I've been having them clean my carpets in my house because they're phenomenal. But some of the people in this town, some of the few you can really count on. Dry concepts, technicians are schooled and certified by the Institute of Inspection Cleaning Restoration. In other words, to make a long story short, they really know you're crap and you're crap too. And they give you a written guaranteed price before they start doing the work soon. I have to worry about getting ripped off when they get done. When the job is finished, your carpets are drying a couple of hours and you're going to have a big smile on your push you're ready to rock and roll again. So get everything in tip top shape. When that spring is coming to a close, pick up the phone or call our good friends and dry concepts. Believe me, they'll never let you down. And they also do as to penistober cleaning your furniture and drapery at a postry as well. In Broward called dry concepts at 954, 3707778. 954, 3707778. In Palm Beach, you can call them tool free 1-800-248-5071. 1-800-248-5071. Clean today, you'll be able to entertain tonight with dry concepts. Promise Keepers. Storm the gates. The Neo-Watter Show. I'm five six years old in QA and Miami Fort Margale. The hot is 30. We put a retarded girl in our old. We're going to show you how well it drives. How our agency thought this would move some product out of the show room. Look at her girl. This is funnier than watching retires at the park. If someone that severely retarded can help that much fun and enjoy this, please not retarded. She's having a lot more things to do. 10-150-560 WQM-Happy Tuesday 2-2. By the way, like I said, George is going to be doing the show alone on Thursday. Not that I'm influenced by the audience who understand but in this particular case. The good news is I get a very nice facts from my head. I don't want to mention his last name on a year, but thank you very much about lab test and he's got an independent lab and he's got the location here, which is not at all inconvenient for me. It says you can come in early before your show. If you need to pass for your test right time after your show, see what I think about me. I was fasting yesterday. Even though it was like by the time I got to that awful place on the industrial part was almost to a clock already. Was after two o'clock. I was fasting. I wasn't going to pass out. You don't have to worry about me. I'm not going to pass out from not eating until after two. Get somebody mess with a thermostat and here is at warm in here. Warm out your boat. No, I'll take care of it. Alright. Man, just you can switch your brains out. I'm sitting here and I'm thinking Jesus Christ is hot in here. So anyway, thank you very much and I'll be calling you after the show and I'll take advantage of your services, which means I guess I can't eat again tomorrow. During the show, which will be good. Good for me and good for the audience, too, instead of all these stupid interruptions because Neal can't hold his bowels during the show. Pretty embarrassing. I got 59 years old. What am I starting with that age stuff again? Look at that. There he is. Their holy Moses, which is almost as good as Jesus Christ. But not quite. Anyway, here's an interesting facts from the Eclavian Plain dealer, somebody just sent in. It says while few would decline an invitation to die with a president in first lady, Robert Kirk Patrick has no choice but to say no thanks. The dinner is June 19th, he'll be in prison until 2004. The start counting it have received a fundraising letter from Vice President Dick Cheney asking him to join the president and Mrs. Bush for a private dinner here in Washington, D.C., the May 8th invitation to the $2,500 per plate dinner was addressed to Kirk Patrick and prison, complete with his inmate number and it's got the number. Cheney asked Kirk Patrick to serve as a representative of St. Clair's will home to the Belmont Correctional Institution where he serving 35 months for drug possession and escape. A special place of your honors already been reserved for you to recognize your St. Pass support, a president Bush the letter said. Kirk Patrick says he's never given Bush a dime. And we wonder why the Kent the Kets the Terrorists? Why they're screwing up there in our government? They're sending out invitation to the White House to people like Skumbags in prison who never gave them a dime. I'm going to tell him I'd be happy to attend these. I'm going to have to pull some strings to get me their Kirk Patrick said. A White House spokesperson referred questions to the National Republican Senatorial Committee saying it's their event. The committee did not return. I can't imagine why the committee didn't return calls seeking comment. Can't imagine why more embarrassment for your president. Huh? God. All I can say about him is stupid. Yeah. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Next thing you're going to be saying invitation to Jesus Christ. I bet you he's tied up to on it. They can't show up. If I can't tell something the guy's only working three hours anyway, we can make a work in our strategy the Neil and Mo show. We can have like an hour segment and we'll just drop in Jesus Christ. All of his lines like that. He's a problem with George. Yeah. He's stupid. There you go. And at least give another hour out of him for crying out a lot. I mean even in his advanced age, you can do four hours for that kind of money. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I'm sure glad I came back man. So this is more fun ahead in at least a week. WQAM. Neil, yes sir. Do you think George could afford balance for life and you had to pay for it? No. Every day this guy. Yeah. What do you mean? You're just jealous that you don't get freebies you asshole. Yeah, you jealous that you don't get freebies. You want to chronic with something else I forget why now this is his new case. But the good thing is he still listening. I guarantee you listen right through your being on and Joe B. and on. It might be in sick everything. I'll call every single day. Just like that old New Yorker that called in yesterday that's our push. What makes you think they were? We have to listen to your read the newspaper. You don't have to listen to anything. Shmuck. By the way, I could afford it. Just by the way, something. 560, I'm worth it. And not much response here by this phone. I thought that's what they want to release stupid phone calls and believe me they sure are. If you're part of the expression stupid. WQAM. I see what I mean they are. WQAM. They sure. A-news going on. Yes sir. Hey, can I talk to George for a second? No, no you can't. George is listening. What do you want? George over there. We can't. They are at the single wireless. I gave him some cities. I want no we thought. That's a while. Thank you. I'm enjoying them very much. Yes, thank you. More work than. Thanks. Thanks, stop dance mixes. Okay. Okay, don't do 9-0. I got more music than you've ever seen in your lifetime. I don't mess with me when music. I know where the music coming from. I live where the music's coming from. I don't have to get a bunch of cheap CDs like you because George is you know, Sean Freebees like Balance for Life. 560, 560, 560 on the 80. I'll tell you it's so great being back here, but you know what? I do it right. I do it right. 3 days in April, 3 days in June and then bye bye. See you in October. I did it right this time for once in my life. I did it right. God. Because believe you, we'll actually find these here Saturday and Sunday and in counter set, putting for that big 50 bucks at the track. And let me say it again. Miriam Tolen. Stay off the racetrack. Okay. Don't go out there again. Sweetheart. Before you kill somebody next time. Keep her off of their dick. That's wrong with you people. See one thing. I'm not my good friends at Pompano Park, but all through the years there's been one philosophy. And that is that at Pompano Park, everybody's a driver. My little dog Tiny could get in the sulky and drive over there. He'd be a driver. They listed in the program. Cut the crap guys before somebody gets killed. WCWM. Hello. Yes, sir. George. Yeah. Filmen on a mobile. Filmen on a mobile. Filmen on a mobile. Let's go to Filmen on a mobile. Hello. A Bill. A Bill a mailman. Neil. How you doing, Bill. What happened to our Maple Leaf? What happened to them? They were beat up and bloody. They did a very value job in a loss. That's what happened, Bill. Yeah, but this lecture is just going to be great. Detroit's going to beat them in three. Beat them in three. There's another South Florida hockey expert. They're going to beat them in three straight. If, in fact, maybe you can call up Moa Talks. I'm hockey tomorrow sounds good to me. Sounds like a match made in heaven. Stupid. 560560 pound. Seriously. This guy could be having the time of his life. You know, he really could be having a great time here. And instead, he takes it all personal. That's what just amazes me. We're having a good time, Moa. Not at your expense. Well, partly your expense. But what's wrong with that? He couldn't have a good time at my expense. Don't bother me. I'm blown away by the fact that after yesterday, after I walked out of the yesterday morning that he was been out of shape. It just shocks me. I thought that I was attacking him. I didn't intrude on his show. Did I say I think I'm going to go in there and bust his balls on his show? Did I say that? No. He sent a messenger in here to invite me to come on. To wish him happy birthday to suck his ass. And wish him a happy 69 birthday. And then after I did that, and you know, I turned around to walk out. Hey, aren't you going to sit down and invite me to sit around for a few minutes. And I did. And we had a great time. It was great. Oh, yeah, a little tongue action there. Y'all, he was trying to get in on it. He didn't have the biggest penis in the room. I'll tell you that. And then, of course, why I did that thing with Tom Brady. And I say, and of course, I can't believe he was doing that stupid thing about it. If you could be one person in the world who would, I mean, that kind of stuff went out with like a knickers, okay, Mow. Those kind of shows. If you could be one sports person, who's your, if you could interview one's for, yeah, that's like 85 different variations on the same thing. And so I said Tom Brady and what was wrong with that? There are a lot of us who wouldn't mind being Tom Brady. Huh? Like being that young? Like being that tall? Like having, you know, the muscle of body like that. Like to be getting all the action he's getting, whatever it might be. And I'd like to have a penis that big too. I'll tell you that right now. And I've never seen Tom Brady's penis, but be like six four. I would imagine he's probably hung like a goddamn gorilla. Nothing. It's a big McGillah, but nonetheless. I know I'm being stupid. 560, 560, pound 560, 80 and 10, and Verizon, where is this time? Align. Whatever it hell it is. I'm just blown away. Well, it's good the beast is sitting in there. I shouldn't mention the beast is sitting there. I'll probably get fired tomorrow. The beast is not sitting in there. It's just an image of a garage. It's just like a little puddle of what you used to be. It's a pocket of 30 pounds of fat air. What do you used to have? Or maybe it's a pocket like someone I left there in the T-room before. A gigantic pocket after it took those two big Howard Davidsons. Hey, the beast is lost 30 pounds on balance for life. And you can do the same thing. They came to my house last night and knocked on the door and lifting my little black sack. Now I don't have it here this morning and I wish I did because then I would've eaten that stuff that PD Lenny brought in. That may be crap. My brain's out. Balance for life by the way speaking of your bowel movements will make you give you some of the Loveliest bowel movements you ever had in your life because it's great food. The quality of ingredients and everything they make really get your stomach straight. Now, too. And if you have IBS, it's almost like an instant cure. Trust me when I tell you. Three hormonally balanced gourmet meals, two delicious snacks. Even a little 60 nons bottle water. That's what you'll find in your little black sack every morning, which they deliver right to you by six A.M. at home and work where everyone promptly every day. So get in shape for some or starting right now. Don't forget to even let you choose for between two alternatives for each meal for every day that you're on the program. Please don't forget pass on a bobba ganu. Just say no to bobba ganu. Call balance for a life right now. They do all the work. You don't have to do shopping. You don't have to count calories or carbs. The weight will just melt off. You just like the formerly gigantic humongous beast. Call balance for life at 9.5.4. 5.6.8.8.3.2.29. 9.5.4.5.6.8.3.2.29. Check out their website. Got you out. Sports Radio 5.6. 2.8. Can't beat that jader meat. Hey, I locked on horse on day. I only mean one hand on my mouse. To look and get hard behind my desk. I am just my pants. Like I'm gonna know how to feel myself. Stroke the way. I'm gonna take some time to deal with my new but I see. I'm like I'm over and over. I think you'd be alright. Oh, but it over and I'll be on my own night. Hey. The picture all the same. Me too, we do and better on my bone. It's every tired man. I'll try a bookmark now. So I can feel myself. And try to not around my keyboard. Or the shell. I'm gonna take some time to deal with my new but I see. I'm like I'm over and over the key wheel. Alright. Oh, but it over and I'll be on my own night. I'm gonna take some time to deal with my new but I see. I'm like I'm over and over the key wheel. Alright. Oh, but it over and I'll be on my own night. Alright. Well, that's your end. Good. I love that. 1014 at 5.60 WQAM. Well, I tell you, Joe, it's a good thing you sleep in right now because they are just ripping him and ask. And the votes are pouring in on his pool. Well, I break a record for a during the show number. 156 and at this pool, then go up to like what about 1040 something like that? 1040. 940. Well, that's a maritime time. Something like that. 1040. Here's a facts from Ron and Fort Laudmalle got 1561 votes. George was good, Joe. This is, let me read it again. Case in between. Two did late, which we, we missed a good stuff. I'll tell you that right now. You probably didn't even hear that. We'll change it and rate me. While he was on vacation, how do you like the George and the Joe show we asked? George was good Joe, soctrity 9. I didn't listen to what 34. I listened to a lot. It was fine. 28. I listened very little. I hated it. 27. I listened every day. It was great. And Joe was good George, soctrity 9. There are six different categories. There's also kind of hard to keep track, which is the way I did intentionally. Keep your off guard. I'll balance. So George gets very high marks. George was good Joe, soctrity 9. And Joe was good George, soctrity 9. So like I said, Joe will not be doing the New Roger show game, but it was a wonderful experience for him. And he's very grateful. And left me a couple of nice messages on my voice, my little Toronto. And great knowing you, Joe, stay off the show. Now what are you looking like that for? He's not going to like stop being your friend or my friend. Oh, I know. This is business. And you're just too much of a week's sister. Okay. I love him dearly. Yeah. So. Well, I wanted to talk about it in a length. I know you guys go to Treasure Island a lot. Maybe there's something going on there. We don't know about it. That's what Moses just told me. Are you not supposed to be in here? You're supposed to go. See, I can't figure out what to say or what not to say, because we got so many people are not supposed to be in this place. And I just, I don't know what to say at this point or that was the last time I was here. You weren't supposed to be here, right? He wasn't here last time. Anyway, Ron and Fort Lauderdale says thanks for the information regarding the citrus canker saga. It's the Florida agriculture department. If they're so concerned about saving the billion dollar Florida citrus industry and continually use the cutting down a citrus tree with a 19-year-old radio-scent effected canker tree, then why do they just cut down the infected trees with a 19-year-old feed of these citrus industry trees? There you go. Yeah. So, thanks again for the interesting update today. And you're welcome Ron and Fort Lauderdale. Keep fighting a good fight, baby. Keep fighting those fascists up there in Tallahassee who, by the way, can't find. This is your state of action. It's just only a coincidence I have to have this story next in my pile. If you're part of that expression, Florida can't find a thousand kids in state custody. If not just little or media, she's only the tip of the iceberg. She's just the crack baby of the iceberg if you've part in that expression. Florida's child welfare agency said yesterday was unable to account for about a thousand children in its system, including about 400 believed to have run away in more than a hundred others missing because a non-custodial parent or relative took him. You just hope and pray that nothing happens and you do your darnedest to find them. Said Larry Pinta Kuda, the assistant secretary of operations for the Florida Department of Children and Families. This is a disgrace. This is in a disgrace and what's even a bigger disgrace is that the Democratic Party can't find a real candidate. Anybody living in breathing to run against Jeb Bush because we could kick his ass. Could send him right back there to Texas. To see if he can help fix more elections. But you know, he won't have to worry about fixing this one because the fixes are already in. Because as far as I'm concerned, the potential Democratic candidate looks a little shaky to me. As soon as any kid we think his missing were not a fine law enforcement said Larry Pinta Kuda, the agency made the announcement after case workers tried to visit 46,000 Farnar 3 children under the agency's jurisdiction last month. Governor Bush, or to the agency, you see all the children after the Department April revealed that five year old Rilla had not been counted for in 15 months. But the department's review seemed to raise more questions and answers. The agency couldn't answer whether the review turned up any new cases of missing children or if any children were located in areas different from where they were supposed to be. In addition, the reports numbers of missing children differ for one to the Department of Law enforcement said it had the agency of given them the law enforcement agency said the DCF reported 155 missing them through May. In a conference call with reporters, Pinta Kuda said 972 were on account of four, not 155, 972. He said 401 were classified as runaways, 135 were elicited as of scondent taken by an on custodial parent or relative. 421 were listed as out of state reported to be in placements out of state but case workers know states did not visit them. 10 were missing because the family had moved to a was on vacation. Case workers could not visit for the children because of court orders preventing them from doing so. Pinta Kuda said the agency hopes to interview 265 more children by the end of the week saying case workers ran out of time to interview them last month. Acts that the agency definitely knows where those children are Pinta Kuda said until you see them we don't know but we think we know where they are. Yeah, in other words somewhere between like North Carolina and Utah. Somewhere between the Mexican border and Vancouver. Pinta Kuda defended the agency's work saying the golden view of children in one month was extremely ambitious. He said no state in this country and if you do as many children as the case workers have floated last month, he said a number of runaways was not unusual because the kids come and they go. Pinta Kuda said the agency interviewed about 98% of the children while state and federal law requires 90%. I don't know if we'll ever see 100% he said our people did a heck of a job but when we reported the agency still felt short of the governor's order, Pinta Kuda responded you're right. The governor's office of course like everybody else in this state had no immediate comment their mom and they're not returning phone calls and they don't want to be bothered. And they're busy out buying new births for other suits with your taxpayer money just like Greg. 560 pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. WCWM. Yeah. And wasn't up tight at least at a sense of humor. Even about his arrest and everything at a sense of humor I'll say that for him. Right. Yes he does. Problo my name didn't have any problem with George and I the rumor I'm hearing is that Joe Rose is just teaching to get back on a radio. What did you hear that? I think you told me that. I did not. I've seen well you trying to dig a hole so I'm like you know offering an annual child jump in. 560 we got a look we're going to have a buy a new 1030 we're going to have over 200 votes already. We have busned air all the records today. That's how big this responses. That's how strong this audience feels. 100. See now I start getting a little bit suspicious. When the OS on vacation how do you like the George and Joe show we got a hundred and ninety nine votes in much less than an hour. I mean if you extrapolate that if you like expand that out that would be we're going to like 800 votes by the time I leave it one o'clock. I don't think so. But they feel strongly about like I said George was good Joe suck 45. I didn't listen to what 36. I listen very little I hated at 33 so categories 2 and 3 is about 35 percent. Which is about like usual about 35 percent. I listen a lot it was fine 32 Joe was good George suck 29. Oh he's making a comeback now George and Joe is probably awake he's probably on a phone with all his buddies all his race car friends. Listen every day it was great 24. So that's a lay of land on that thing right now it's smoking. WQAM. Hey George, how you doing? Okay. Hey I like you okay. Yeah. No, no, no. Hey. Bro what do you people left me now are you guys suck? You guys continue to suck they're not a pigeon even in the sky and it's the same old sick retired crab. It's me again Bob. Doosh when you're done. Yeah, doosh this Bob you schmuck. Or here's a thanks from angel who says this is one of those chronics I think. Yesterday I tried to call him Oto C. Fiesta. Me who did I want to be instead of myself I was going to say great greed so I can fire you. I can fire you ass. God he sucks I couldn't get an in because his freaking family called 20 times each. I'm as default when that's a lot to say it's angel. How do you like that? Not can poor Mo I'll gotta tell you something, angel. There's only one thing we can say about you and believe me. Stupid is the word. But a good point. Let's see Harry Bush do we have any idea also Nate. I haven't what to hell this is. Uncle Hyman Bush. I have no idea what this is. Anybody send me somebody's a bitch where I have no idea who that was. Some Bush. That's probably like a person. Man used chainsaw to kill himself. Police say West Palm Beach. A landscape or took his own life with a gas powered chainsaw on the top deck of the Esperati building. Garage late last night of Quinter Police. A main employee beginning to work for a vital men men in these. Yeah, that's right. A 33 dead and bed of his pickup truck shortly before 6am. A style chainsaw that he cut halfway through his neck from behind was. What? Steel the brand name. STI8WI's figured. A STI8L chainsaw that cut halfway through his neck from behind was still in his hands. While he was from behind how they know he done it. How do you cut yourself from behind? Rich around. Police did not suspect anyone else was involved in his death. Menaces of Lake Worth had history of arrested. But again, we were 17. I charges that included kidnapping sex offense against the child and battery. But it says he had a cut halfway through his neck from behind and the chainsaw was still in his hands. How do you do that? Well, they're easy. But you can do it. Well, I guess he succeeded. I guess if you're determined, you can get it done. 5 6 7. Oh, I guess we better go back to our friend. Hello, is there like I said we had a power failure, but you're still there I told you though lot of clear How you doing okay? Oh, we're gonna miss you. I'm the one who always called I'm not gonna say what do you mean we're gonna miss you? What does that mean? No, I mean, over the summer When you go to met when you go to the middle. Oh, well, I'll be on Tuesdays and Tuesdays this Okay, I'm the one Frank on the one who called to his in the Air Force based over there Yeah I mean what part of the mellows do you say? And just answer them? Yeah I'll have a wall around. Amsterdam Have you ever been to Detroit? No Okay, I hear you tracks pretty boring No, actually it's pretty, uh, but The Queen Mother of Lips Over there Like I said, I heard that's where we had enough Queen's in Amsterdam We really need to go to Detroit I know But I just want to say I think George is a great child Okay, thanks. Have a great day and by the way said you're not as type 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T and horizon wireless line Got a lot of lines open here today, I'll tell you that right now Boy, you're not gonna tell you one thing I'm not gonna go back and beg for calls I got a whole stack of crap here and take me up till midnight if I want to continue going 236 votes, what did I tell you? I'm looking to 300 votes by the time we get through with an hour Who might bust all records here today? Because George and Joe both have their buddies on the phone call And they got the internet, the chat lines going I saw George running through a rock out the window He had a pigeon waiting there to take the message spread it around town Drop a little number Stopped calling out, since that thing started Right 236 votes while the was on vacation How do you like the George and Joe show? George was good Joe sucked 52 people said that I listened very little, I hated it at 41 George was good George sucked 40 Ha ha ha ha ha Yeah, not that you're being a little bit obvious out there Those of you tried to dick without polo today I didn't listen to what 38, listen to a lot It was fine 37, I was in every day, it was great 28 I don't want to get too carried away with that crap Speaking of crap Pity Lenny brought out the best in me this morning That's right, 3 gigantic ones Anyway, that course reminds me of our good friends I'd delighted West Boca, and I will say this You're one of those people in the sensitive stomach Some at the carbohydrate free stuff Read the labels very carefully, that's my suggestion too That's right If you're one of those overweight people and we know they're plenty of you out there We want to welcome back in the outfit who can help you squeeze into a really nice bathing suit this summer He likes the voice book of the oldest and largest low carb superstar in sound photo And the official Akhen's diet center Diding is amazing these days because with the introduction of Splenda A lot of those diet products have dropped the sweet news That were harsh on your stomach like I was just saying only moments ago But unfortunately, Pity Lenny don't bring any of those good new ones in You like to voice book of carry 1000 of that product supplements, vitamins, dime books, everything you need to lose the pounds If that were so hard to get rid of You like to also carry the largest selection of bakery products like pancake mix, bread, cookies, cheesecakes, brownies, muffins and a clears And you like to also carry low carb and sugar free products like pasta, sauces, ketchup, crackers, candy, champion life Chocolatin and their famous cover light ice cream too Head to Delights and West Boca and try before you buy it That's right, you can taste anything in the store before you have to make a purchase The knowledgeable staff in Delights will put you on the right path to getting slim Call 1-877 low carb or check out their website lowcarb.com And of course you can visit their store It's on the Northeast corner of Glades and 441 in Boca Based on that only I'll send you by the Alliance of West Boca here Yeah, Rosie, I'll down on the canceling sheet scale You'll be fattened by double E and the A Yeah, Rosie, I'll down on the B and my B rules For all of these years you've claimed in the town crew Yeah, strictly you must realize we knew it Honestly, it's not that big a shock If you would risk your life you were to do it It'd be a crime for both of you Rosie, I'll down on the B, gave up all the life Now I hope they've been laid in missing life, guys Great, that's what he wanted 560 WQAM So we got the game players down on the street We haven't heard from them in a little while now The ones I like to manipulate our poll so to speak And they're dittler with a man first they had George Way there in the lead And they were like pumping in all the phone he votes And other Poverty Wallen for Joe Maybe they're two or three groups that play with the poll 55 55, say George was good Joe suck But now 51 say Joe was good in George suck I love it 560, I'm going to get back to my stuff Okay, I'm not going to like pump the numbers I thought we'd actually get a bunch of calls here for three days See, when you don't even have enough phone calls to fill up two days That tells you it's just been a waste of time all these years But I finally did the right thing, you know what I'm saying? Uh-huh, the right thing WQAM Hi Yes sir Screamless awesome Yeah Okay, George and Joe Joe, I was pleasantly surprised he's not that bad It's been when he talks about cars The thing is real, well first of all George is we know he's a monglor But he's also a moper and a grumbler Mombler and grumbler and grumbler And don't forget, besides that stupid Yeah Hello Yeah, I'm here Oh Yeah, and whenever Joe is talking that's when you really It sounds like George is resentful Like he would grumble and mope and I don't know how he's It's George, just stick to your day job, you're a good sideman And the other thing is, saw was, was Any talk of star wars blows, it's boring, it's nerdy Ponders Oh God, it's terminal, please stop it Okay, you all hear about it on this show, I'll tell you that Sorry So how's that hidden questions in doing? 27 to 11 at 560 WQA and 560-1050-5060 I'm gonna go to my stuff here, I'm gonna take a call later on These people get some material, which I doubt Let's face it, you don't have it folks, you don't have it, you never did have it U.S., oh I heard the guy where the eyes got on here this morning That's just a rumor that I'm spreading out, but it happens to be a true And the guy where the eyes was on, oh my god I read the here that retarded Steve caller U.S. fishes to propose outsting a view of some priest You know, it's not only hot in here, but it's clammy, I think the AC is out, don't you? Must be, maybe when the power went out when we had that little oblique there Cause it's hot in clammy, see how it had that problem up in Toronto in my apartment I can control it, you get as much AC as I want in there I can open up a window, get a nice breeze between my knees, whatever I need And here just on the second morning already it's hot and it's steaming It's clammy, it's uncomfortable, I think the AC's out in this goddamn building This place is a turlet, and let me just tell you one other thing I hate prediction, and I hope for your sake you're not the one Somebody's gonna either one of getting killed or stranded for a long time And that elevator this summer, because that thing, whoever the inspector is ought to be in prison Whoever inspects the elevators in his room, I got nothing this morning And it just kind of like, has it to have pressed a button, it has it to have it in a clunk You felt his loud clunk, and then all of a sudden it took off It's a throw ride, we ought to sell tickets Jesus, K, Christ, you kidding me, Greg U.S. fiships to propose I still care, we're the outsting of use of priest The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops is proposing to ask the Pope to defraud every priest Who sexually abuses a minor in the future, as well as any priest who's abused more than one minor in the past To coin to a draft policy, to be released today The bishop says expected will also suggest a requirement that every die season of country We've poured all accusations of sexual abuse of minors, due secular authorities for investigation And the bishop's are expected to offer an apology Not only for the behavior of abusive priests, but also for the misunderstanding of abusive priest by bishops The recommendations are part of a draft charter for the protection of children and young people That the bishops will debate and vote on and amending in Dallas next week The draft was released to bishops yesterday and a copy was obtained by the Boston Globe It'll be issued publicly in Washington DC where the bishops' organization is based Our beloved church is experiencing a crisis without precedent in our times that the draft document says From the depths of our hearts we express great sorrow and profound regret For what the Catholic people have had to endure How about the people of work Catholic? How about the rest of the world? Why to put up with all this funny bullcraft? The sexual abuse of children and young people by some priests and bishops and the ways in which these crimes In sins were too often dealt with by the bishops of cause the enormous pain, anger and confusion they've seen They've strained the bonds of trust that you'd unite us The proposal is crafted by an eight member committee of bishops that's made over the last several months And an effort to respond to the clergy's sex abuse crisis roiling the church There's that word again roiling we love it CCR used in most of their songs roiling This is a real owner's the AC just came out again Somebody must have been dealing with it tonight. I've heard you. Yeah This is a real turning point Bishop George H. Need to a rower of Salt Lake City A member of these sex abuse committee said in the telephone interview Never until now we successfully committed ourselves to this and convince the other in the church that we must follow these principles And it goes on a great way length But it's another dog and pony show and they're trying to save posts Jimmy Carter was trying to push posts in Bosnia these people are trying to save posts in Dallas with this big meeting The dog and pony show that's going on And let me say it again Jail is the term we ought to be thinking about setting them to jail turn them over to the authorities having them convicted and Put away for a long time Put in all of them Very very small cell with our goal steam for weeks at a time British rockers help queen celebrate You know they the media here. I don't know why Because I hate to break the news to you. Nobody in this country gives a crap about this Nobody There are more people who care about the scakle trial and nobody cares about that. It's one of the jury this morning by the way It's in their hands British rockers help queen celebrate Thousands chaired queen Elizabeth the truth yesterday as she were road to the streets of London and a resplended procession Escored by cavalry and mounted bands to celebrate the 50th anniversary of her reign Excited spectators many clutching British flags gathered along the route hours before the procession from Buckingham Palace The same Paul Scatheer will after the exuberance of a celebratory rock concert Monday night It was time for a solemn regal celebration of the Queen's 50 years as monarch to come in eight four days of celebration It's going on while it's he had say it's 430 and afternoon. They're still doing it right now. Let's 330 their five hours Yeah, they're an hour behind the rest of Europe. Literally and figuratively and every way possible They don't have the euro. They don't have squat. All they got is the freaking queen and all the silly people these pissy people running around with the big T-hours and the diamonds and all the expensive crap while they're schlepping That's right just like all the people that I see a great similarity between the British monarchy and the Catholic church Pop pop and circumcise. That's what it's all about and by the way Pete Lenny. I'm getting ready for a number four Everybody out there knows what number one is and what number two is I'm already this morning up to number four. How do you like that? Here have one of these sugar free cough drops. Yeah, that should kick it in real good I was never another like a 60 and that break there because I don't think two minutes is going to I see look at that. I don't even have a live in her. I think that might cut it That's a good a life save me. Oh, this is something ready. I'm not sure if she'll feel like savers All I can say to you, Pete Lenny is Jesus cried. Don't come in here again with a crap you crazy person you It's just like it might as well put it on a video tape. It's the same scene over and over again He keeps coming to hear what that stuff every time I show up here putting it in front of my face. I said get it out of here No, no, but this is brand. No, yeah all the same stuff the same act and then within a half an hour I'm on the throne running back up and down a hall like some kind of a jackass It wouldn't get MTV to come in here and film next episode 292 votes and I bet you at least 100 of them are real In fact, it's probably up to 300 by the time. Yeah, look at that exactly 300 When you was on vacation, how did you like the George and Joe show George was good Joe suck 62 Joe was good George suck 62 I Listen to a lot of was fine 50. I didn't listen to it 47 I listen very little I hated it 45. I listen everything it was great 34 and luck Yeah, hey, well, I'm not a band away The reimburs and quarterback From 200 years ago when they were slaves Well, I only have a mobile home a pitball in a pinch of school So if you want to ask the hell here's what I got to say You've got to Yes, and bigger than mine You feel a bad news sorry for enslaved us a mom Yes, and bigger good That's a river and what it was dead and If I was born a day, 202 Oh, enslaved something I do but what we're dead people did to you I have to take the blind Would you see it all for an old money act with a can of spalli cherry Back It's hit a party acres and the view. I have a better way You've got to Yes, and bigger good When born on Halle Paris Morgan Raymond Yes, and bigger good part And after this Intusion for a slightly you Yes, and bigger good part And I And that's my river fun and do is dead and go Hey, 45 don't forget pity lint of your off my list now, okay? Don't come anywhere near me again. In fact, I say this about a year ago and I should have stuck by my guns I wasn't gonna do any more of his account. I have anything to do with him And I mean that he's the man is a killer I'm back here one day and like less than a half an hour sitting in his chair And he's already got me sick my insides are like like my guts are falling out from that sobital he just will not stop But if I'm stupid enough to keep doing there's only one place in a person to blame That's right the box stops right here right at the bull Fat man in West Palm faxes this in Two-manner record on drug charges the judge says he's over the weekend you can persuade enough people to give up drugs I'll let you to off Back to court on Monday the judge asked for the results. I first waited 10 people to give up drugs forever the first man said That's great the judge replies what did you tell him? I drew two circles one big one and one small I told him the big circle was did brain be forward rugs and the small circle was did brain After drugs The other defendants is I got a hundred people to give up drugs a hundred how asked the judge Well, I drew the same two circles. I pointed the small circle. I said this is your ass. I'll be for person That's all but it's kind of cute. Did I'm saying Back home had its moments In fact, I was thinking the same thing. This is my ass before Pete Lenny came in this morning and now Well here comes some faxes on a surround that they don't want to say anything about it on the air Which is interesting because I'm doing a screenless thing on a phone and we're getting virtually no response Including no women of course is usual But when it comes to the survey we got 80 million votes in some of my slightly legitimate and many faxes for example I agree with almost everything George talks about I think many of his opinions and views are right on target however He is completely incapable of presenting them in an entertaining interesting manner He has no talent with time. You'll maybe come a good sports broadcaster But your show isn't the place for practice. Thanks for being on the internet says you are PS the phone He's hooting on the poll today makes the 2000 election look legitimate good points. You are you are About this poll, but anyway, which is for fun Just like they showed it ages for fun, but they don't confuse them with that fact Here's what it says dear Neil I turned on your station and hopes that I would not hear about regas again. Thank God you feeling better I used to listen all four hours, but I just can't anymore when I hear Rodriguez's monotone of feminine Padentex who would like you will voice I feel obliged to change the station Do you listen to the show? Of course not the show is boring without you regardless of what it is it's in for you Well when I'm not here, I don't listen to the radio period Can you imagine me sitting up there in Toronto when I'm like on a day off or did I always sick running into the studio And I can see that. No, I don't think so I'm just I'm not a radio personally, more because most of what I hear in radio I wouldn't give you a 50 cent for running around with your walkman on. Right there you go like remember for example Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, oh okay And he has no shame He'll get all defensive after I point that out and say oh I should probably you read in my radio until and then he'll go right into what thing about Well, I'm most said this in Georgia. That, you know, he's he's taking notes on it all day, right? And I understand there's no hockey going on right now, which is a good thing because mode to be upset if there was. Your station should offer discounts to advertisers whenever Rodriguez speaks. Your own pulse of just 30 to 40 part for 30 to 45% of the audience hates Georgia and turns off what he's on. So you should discount advertising by the same percentage. Have the opinions have the onions or have the onions and run a pool asking if they turn off the radio and Georgia's on. We're just doing that right now. Have the onions. What an asshole this person is. As far as Joe, I think he blows Rodriguez away, score wise as well. Rodriguez made sure Joe would bomb last week by making Joe feel like Schmidt for competing and Joe being a pussy a lot of Rodriguez to do this. P.S. Bob and Tom Rool, P.S. not all Cubans are telling us free loaders living off of those like a parasite. So this is some of the, some spik who's accusing you of being a parasite and being like a bad rule model for him. Sorry. Stick it pal. Look at that. We got 74,000 votes on a pool. 240. When the old side vacation, how did you like the Joe and George Sir show? See, now you know what I switched it around because leading the way. Joe was good. George, so I'm 74. George was good. Joe, so 65. He passed you like you were standing still like you've been tied up and put in the on a railroad tracks. I listen to a lot of was fine. 61. I didn't listen to what 52. I listen very little. I hated it 50 and I listen every day. It was great. 38. Rough day for Winona Ryder. I'm sure everybody has seen those pictures on TV about 40 million times. Everybody except you, I guess. You didn't see him. The outside of the courtroom. He didn't know not the outside the courtroom. When it was shoving and pushing and the carrying on and where she allegedly got all banged up and they had to kind of like a domino effect to chain reaction and she liked bang to rum. I'm going to tell you something. If I have to see if I have to go to Amsterdam and never come back. And even that won't do it because they carry CNN international. They got the Kingmeister on there and also on Fox News. They also got a Yenoham Bruin talk about this Mark Garagosa's Ditori, not just for Rubin on a ride, but also for a carry condit. So he's on. He's got there's something about him. He's got that mustache and that kind of there's something about the look on his face. You just want to get a baseball bat and just smack him as hard as you can. I just despise that man. The spikable. But in any rate. And boy, talk about a media horror. He does this man is not all more than 30 minutes at a time. You'll never live. More than 30 minutes scanning all the channels about seeing his disgusting, sneering push on the air. A preliminary hearing in a shoplifting charges against Winoter Wider that began with an erk judge ordering the Oscar nominated actress to appear in court was cut short yesterday when she apparently broke a rhyme during a media crush. Now, she could have broken her arm by like a little bit of a shove that was going on there. Then good luck to her. Ricketts. In a bizarre twist to a strange day, Wider's lawyer told Superior Court Judge Elden Fox, that his famous client could not go on with the hearing which had already been postponed four times because she needed immediate medical attention. It looks like another stalling act to me. Attorney Mark Garagos told Fox that Wider and trying to return to court a minute crush of TV cameras and reporters was struck on a right elbow, which was still sensitive from a previous injury by a piece of equipment. They didn't explain it turns out she has a broken arm Garagos said later in if you want to see an insolvery king live. There's a fracture on the elbow area. Longness for stados. It appears it's a clean fracture so it looks like it'll heal he said. Wider gingerly nurse to write elbow as judge Fox excused the parties from court and asked if they returned on Thursday. She's quite a trooper I'll tell you Garagos told CNN it was kind of like a rugby scrum out there. It's from behind in the back of the elbow. Garam and elbow area kind of instantly swelled up. Right Mark Garagos said he had a sheriff's deputy talked right. You know what this is like? This is like the mafia guys. Remember the mafia done used to walk around up and down the streets in his neighborhood with the bathroom on late at night? No. Never saw that thing? No. How much is somebody else even knows the name of that guy? Who's one of the mafia dons and Brooklyn somewhere he used to walk around in the bathroom putting on the act like he was nuts. It did work for years until they finally took his ass away. I think he's dead. The day the game of Garagos arrived in court without writer explained a fact that he was seeking another post-bomb on the matter despite an earlier admonition by the judge. He would not delay this this month or case again. So they just keep finding ways to delay it. Just delay delay stole all post-bomb. Sounds like Nixon and Bush for me. God, she is just the wacky is a bit huff. And she thinks it's all a big joke by the way. She was on Saturday night live. She was on some other stupid show the other night. Yeah. Just like everything else is one set of standards for people with the big big bucks. And then for all the rest of us we can go and get our blood drawn at that indigent clinic up on the 29th street. I still can't get over the fact they sent me to that place. And I'm so stupid. I really am stupid. I'm sitting in there and it doesn't sink in like until after about five minutes. Hey, I'm not up along in this place. This is a place for slippers. This is a place for people on welfare. I should give that doctor's address on a year. And even that building, you know, I really should. Why? Why not? Just to what it's not his fault that your mom sent you to him. Yeah, I should give my mom's address on a year. Bitch. Well, she's got some freaking or sending me to a bunch of fakers like this. And if I could tell you the number of times that she called me every time I talked to her from Toronto. Oh, and I wrote it down the name. Don't forget the appointment. Like she was doing me a big favor. Whether it's a car repair shop, whether it's a doctor and optometres to whatever it is. There should be a model. Look at that. Pure yellow. The model being this. You want to see it? The model being if Neal's mother goes there. Don't go there. Right? Very simple. I could say the same. I'm telling you. You're not in the right way. Showing on it. I am not. It's clear. It's a little yellow. It's not even Linda Blair green. I was doing pretty good until I last number four kicked in. I had to do number four. Man, am I stupid? WQIM. Yes, sir. Nice to talk to you. And it's nice to talk to you, sir. I've been listening to you since you came to the BIOD. I just promised that 15 minutes on hold. Just to tell you that that last city is called about your just mumbling and grumbling and groping or whatever the hell he was talking about. Roping, yeah. It's total proof that you're right. Your audience has no guy doing life. Yeah. Absolutely. I mean, to be worried about stuff like that is just ridiculous. Well, and yet you can be sure that he listened every minute to George was on. You can be positive at that. Every thinking day, just like everybody who's done in your fact, I cannot believe. Absolutely. Yet he gets this call and talk about that. I turn on the radio. I listen. I enjoy it when you're done. I turn it off. I do something else. No, no. I listen to the math. Oh, because he's great. There he go. But it is unbelievable. He's people got no life at all. They can do his critique of radio show. Yeah. But it kills him good. Time, though. It's a lot of fun. They're like, I guess. It's a kind of stuff that they sink their teeth into. Because it involves a lot of hate. I hope you feel better, Evan. Thanks a lot. Thank you. This is your just remember it to radio show. I keep trying to tell them more than he keeps telling me on stupid. 5605 6805 6805 6805 is shock when he said this morning will change well in rate me I was amazed by that Maybe that's why he's got that bad attitude that that's why he's a little bit sensitive a little bit touchy so to speak and act them which you affect me that way Nobody Q a m Yes sir hey what's the update on rickensides now the update yeah Mr. over here what what what what update about what I mean I can't believe no one picked him up they're just in limbo yeah I don't know what to tell you let me just feel like do you yeah Even defo is is on I mean what's the deal here yeah but I think defo is got sponsors I think he's buying his way on here I believe yeah but he's even on an Orlando on an AM station over here Defo is on Orlando on 660 AM oh my god Hey is even getting phone calls can you believe it? Not really I got your kids so I stopped taking him but nobody knows about rickensides They're they're right off the year I'll tell I can tell you they're not doing it I mean sure would like to fill in for me this summer but I don't know that's not a very good idea Don't think well George and Joe are kind of weak so maybe like I said rickensides this summer now George is good okay Yeah Rick was calling around I was back during the time the room was have been circulated all around time about your As being canned because most of us all been out of shape about those emails and denying it And Greg was again making duff lie and be the intermediate of course. Def just kind of like disappeared We haven't seen that one that child for a while he's he's gonna cool his brains out for a while because this place just You know you just can't tolerate working for Greg we too long because he just he just don't know how to do it He just keeps screwing up people's lives over and over again. That's what he does best he screwed up at morning showing boy look what we got now And you know what the thing that the motel me about Greg stupid 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon lie 1057 a QM we got mad dog Jim manager one Hank from the York and a Belmont a tree Marlon on Drex 630 Marlon's at the fillies at 705 Couple of big crowds this weekend which goes to sure if they played the mits and the Yankees are beginning I'ma get some people out there Eddie K. A ten a clock right after the ball game Joe and Mark overnight That's Joe Costello who started out this morning really sucking a big one and turns out now was great The best If you're thinking a paid a your home or business don't pay protect that investment with liquid ceramic Liquid ceramic the technology born in NASA space program is available right now in South Florida Liquid ceramic is the most advanced exterior interior and roof coating available You took an have the same high-tech ceramic technology that shields the space shuttle protect your home We're building and you'll never have to paint again. Let me say one more time Liquid ceramic is guaranteed for as long as you own your home or building you'll ever have to paint again So forget about repeating if you years liquids ramico and fade won't peel it's guaranteed This day that they are coating yields in r24 insulation equivalency which helps you bring down those electric bills too Liquid ceramics available no for 1800 different colors so check out liquid ceramic two day call 305 3475122 Liquid ceramics have been manufactured in soil for 40 years in town and it's available here in South Florida If you just call 305 3475122 That's 305 3475122 or visit them on the net at liquidsuramic.tv and when you call be sure to Have a night 9 9 9 This is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station Okay We'll I just hear the news today Jesus Christ I asked you out you said no way The weekend is here I'm alone I'm horny now And grab my bone with the home I don't feel And then I close it up and down to cheese and God for best of Lean with home on over 11 out to the 560 WQM happy Tuesday to us of the Sunday shining it's beautiful out there see I Miss happened to window out there the window to the world even an Amsterdam a hava window So I'm kind of like peek up and see what's going on out there see if there's any like Drawingly rolling around on my window any plants growing outside the window and I could cultivate 387 votes on a poll so far about 40 of my real Bet Before get to the poor result here's a facts Here's my take on the show George used to be terminal but he's gotten much better his deliveries improved a thousand percent any sprawling intelligent Joe is a total fraud I'm a certified mechanic in racepan. I've listened to Joe show and I wouldn't let him change his spark plug on my lawn more The proof that he is clueless is a showing for NASCAR assholes anyone who we've known about cars is in deformity one in NHRA NASCAR is To racing what WWE weapons to Olympic wrestling The people are more like you're reading are just annoyed by the fact that can't understand what you're reading everything on radio and TV is being read The only difference is that the stuff you're reading is written by real journalist not like the majority of the Schmidt on the air which is written in an eighth grade level Moistos stupidie makes man that she looks like a genius how can anyone say hockey sucks if you want to pick on a bad sport There's so much crap out there Keep up the good fight and Georgia still disgusting Ha ha ha ha ha ha there you go. That must have been from your mom all right Hey, I'm on loves your show. She listens religiously every minute of it It's only talks about his sex sexy. I'm not disgusting Nobody Q a M Q a M What a shame what that was their chance a chance of greatness right there Who knows what have you been given to like some cash for that call do you think no? Probably not But you never know. How about you Q a M? A me a welcome back in have a good time Yes, sir. Hey listen, you know I'm addicted to the the game show channel and um me too I think a gene Raeburn though. I'm not watching it and being a little older I think he's a big grouchy blank don't you think so could be I guess I think I think I grabbed you dead blank. Yeah get through that last night show on the Mexican yeah Brian go it Look The coach of the raven yeah Didn't get one right Huh It was amazing. Okay. Thanks. Now you understand why I don't take phone calls most of the time Was that incredible call or what? I mean, I mean, I'm sorry. Maybe I miss something really good in there, but maybe some of it can translate I must have to admit to me it's not a kind of stupid 560 560 pound 560 on a AT&T and And Verizon wireless line Let's stick to the important stuff okay like global warming which finally The Bush administration announced for the first time in a new report that the US greenhouse gas emissions will increase significantly over the Next two decades due to mostly human activities But again rejected an international treated slow global warming in other words the border listing down is from CBS news is longer article here But I can save a lot of time The border all down what they said was yeah, you know what they're right there is going to be all this green house gas emission And it's gonna like a scrub but the climate but we can take advantage of this and look at how much longer will have to grow crops and how much Vinyl bees for the farmers and we can like utilize this to our best advantage and then I guess what they really say this We're gonna be dead anyway with the polarized caps melt. So what do we have to worry about it for? Because it's bad for big business So we want to step on their toes So this is you know their shipping gears on a one hand saying oh, you know global warmers and reality, but we're not gonna wait thing about it Oh My god you talk about poop it. That's the epitome of her right there WQAM WQAM Yes, sir. New logically speaking New Rogers. Yes. I've got a wish of yours for a long time Okay, black guy and Hollywood that falls you got the dollar before yes, sir It what's up with them so in a kiss of well, or good night a little bit It's a good morning. It's not good night camera I mean I think I think I'm fine, but you know I'll drop the isn't down you know, yeah, well, maybe you'd like to hear it Oh god, no, please turn it off No, that's number one was for a polis everybody All that stupid That's the most offensive song. I mean, I mean, I just I can do I can do it the crack-ill cane song if I get that one Okay, well, maybe I'll play the crack-crubber crack city Is that good for you I just you cracked city. I go to the third world Accelerator club on who be fired my yeah Yeah, they go and do crack-ill it to the floating night club Yeah, I'd be going to crack-ill it and be stabbing my blood without you going to crack-ill it and I know my job I never go to crack-ill it without packing my gun You rock Oh Know that every now and then I sell some crack-ill a while to Crack-ill Here I become some with fuck-boys the intersection working for free through Crack-ill Here I become Reloppy cruising by the bubble house with no windows and they've met and I'm a wisha She my favorite home Oh Yeah Yeah My crack Anyway, it's about eight minutes after 11 and I'm 60 WKM I guess I learned this spot that you If it can't talk over the window, but I'm not sure what he says there at the end, but I think I have a fairly good idea Anyway, I hope you enjoyed that so you're gonna have a wonderful day. I got a great clinic for you to go if you ever want some blood test It's right over there in Hollywood on Industrial Park I still can't get over the fact that they sent me there. I mean do I look like like I just came in out of a dumpster or something? I mean I may not be all at the fancy schmancy of a dressing or anything But I look like you know kind of an upstanding human being like I might make more than 350 now or where you were in that shirt No, oh Now you know why they sent me there Now seriously, you know my mother she's got some goddamn nerve. I'm gonna bitch her out of the luncheon's half the noon Like she she better go in a hideie. She better crawl into the bed when I get there Because I got news for her you know I expect a little bit of a royal carpet treat me You know and I've been to her cracked doctor in the past before was a dog. He's a doctor like my little dog is a doctor And that's not even the one I saw yesterday. He was too busy to see me that we're doing me a favor I saw they said I want to hear people I wanted to like said he just got off a banana boat with Chiquita banana or whatever the hell or name was remember what hiding it wrought said yeah He said the doctor is here Our joke is what he saw on a doctor that can speak English right Hey summertime is here man. It's 142 degrees in the shade if you can find any and People are like getting sick from all the allergies and all the crap out there if you want to stay in the good health Here's a product gonna help you do it even South Florida with a heat humidity. It's only a med only a Minus is soft yel caps the luck contains pharmaceutical grade olive oil along with vitamins and minerals and herbs to protect all different parts of your health They have a separate product for your prostate I'll tell you where you can stick that one for your heart your blood pressure and your cholesterol Only mys also got supplements to promote health in your circulatory system you're gonna digest of an Interquincissive your skin and bones even your mind all using the benefits of the best olive oil that money can buy an Olio Meds got products for men and for your ladies out there too only you might be available all over town Pixel up today at Walgreens at Whole Food markets the viral pharmaceuticals and onos If you want to get more information about their products what they're called what they do what they are all about Just call toll free at 1 866. Olio Med. That's 1 866 O-L-E-O-M-E-D or in their products in their website if you prefer The you a-Annoo Well I've never got a mind to gun the ride And I've been to the roundings today Now it's a classic set of wheels fixed up The way a brother would fly here Now we've defeated a giant and the trip is cold And the dust of the machine I've got some hands on the quick cherry yoke Now I've made it I've been to not a cherry cherry if you need it Now I've made it I need a little little bit of a little smelly to heat And the surface is made to hit Now it's a one-downs down the road And a bit of a dead as to put that way Now the day artist stopped to take heels And they are getting around the peaks in the breeze And that's the 70s eyes I'm a boy Carolina She's so looking fine now It's my baby Cadillac All baby I'll put me from now that cherry cherry Would be the green star Baby Shiny the hell that didn't spare me You I got my windows down Don Giovanni Vue caused a Clinic on fort los meles These were anotherолетiberka mettersment mostly Maile Vue It was a thrano Peter at a perch This waitingCrashinsky osieets stumps with spell Intelligence and T Assembly нов 이렇게 philosophical habitaaa Om, I'mad était humbuckettyr. I'mma back to New Fantasy edition of which I declare and act my copy ofmore chut宣笛inner To remind you of mobbing Washington with all my pride ! GAa abiiriririr. Omgligac tonight, my dearもしbesby in Canary alive, f перепoud força and gathering home to his wife. Window to action toihit expectations of both爱 and risking Rehearsal the economy. First of all, until you'll be back to Tiffy and be the Timmies, all baby! Tiffy and Tiffy! Jesus Christ! I'm 15 at 5.60 WQM. You know, I'm thinking about that clinic. Yeah, that I went to. It's a place where people are like on welfare, right? And it's just, it's just sinking in now. It's making me more and more angry. It's frosting my ass. Not so much because I'm a big shot, but because I just wanted a little blood, you know, drawn and get some blood test done to see if I'm still alive. You know, things like that. It's funny because you're a big shot. If a normal person found their way in their wound up in there, they would be upset and feel a lot of place. But it's even funnier when it's somebody like you. Yeah, but the point being the idea that they thought that I was like some kind of an ender because I was paying cash for it. Those tests are not cheap. Or maybe in that place, they even like $2.00. I don't know. Because it certainly didn't look awfully reputable. I mean, it's not one of those places where you'd see, you can eat off the floor, and you know what I'm saying? It looked like maybe a few people left something on the floor, but you couldn't eat off the floor. And in a place where it's supposed to have something to do with your health, like in a hospital. And most hospitals are pig-sties anyway. But at least ideally, or in a doctor's office, it should be clean, medicinal, right? It should be like in the inside of a goddamn band-aid box. Autobi. But it's not. It's a toilet. Skakele trial goes to DeJury, calling Kennedy cousin Michael Skakele a smug brat. Prosecutors use Skakele's own words yesterday to try to convince jurors that he killed neighbor Martha, Martha, in 1975. DeJury, gave it a liberating right now, as a matter of fact. The defense had Skakele and nobody cares about this, like I said on Friday. The defense had Skakele was utterly innocent, and accused prosecutors of playing musical chairs with different suspects over the past quarter century. Oh, I forgot to remind everybody that the enormous kentcha was on 10-11 this morning, FTL. Anybody here? No. What does he, Frasht, my ass man? If he spent his much time getting this show syndicated and doing the kinds of things he should have been doing over the last several years, I wouldn't be sitting here talking to myself. In the meantime, he's more interested about, you know, pretending to be a broadcaster, and finding some suckers out there to sponsor his way to get him back on a radio and pop up his ego again, and his bank account. Man, what a- aww. Only one thing I can think about him, gay. The defense had Skakele was utterly innocent, accused prosecutors of playing musical chairs, where I just got through saying that. Both sides finished their closing arguments yesterday, in the murder case against Skakele. Skakele 41 is accused of a beating moccely that for the golf club in October 75, when both were 15-year-old neighbors in a multi-gated community in Grinnich. The golf club was met to a set-on by Skakele's mother, Skakele was an effu of ethical Kennedy, the crazed widow of Robert F. Kennedy. Crazy that a bed bug who talks to Bobby and other dead relatives, threw a medium through a spirit. Maybe she's gonna be on the Jonathan and it will show pretty soon. So the joy be to the brain on that right now. WCWM. Hello, no. WCWM. QAM. QAM, hello. Hi George. No, Neil. Neil. Hi. I read, yeah. Taco Spireport. I was in Humber and Germany last week. And Taco is performing in a 70s, 80s musical review in one of the big theaters in Humber. All right. And to add to that, at a different theater, it was in the same, I was in the same listing. The newspaper, Kid Curry in the Covenant is doing a 60s movie review. So it's like all of these retired or a semi-retired rock actor, all fighting in a place in Humber. It's just like a phenomenon or something. Yeah, and how is Humber? Oh, it's great. I was there. I was there in the world a week in. The weather was absolutely perfect. And it's got a real, it's got a real good cultural mix. I mean, it's a very clean city and Northern European Northern Germans. And there's a lot of good scenery even when I'm saying, yeah. All right. These George would like to. I'd recommend it. I love Germany, Bratetta. That's why I hate the sounds terrible to say it, but poor. There's where the real, well built, beautiful. Yeah, and you know, and Humber gives a little bit different. I mean, I, those great early people, too. In Germany or Berlin, yeah, Munich and Humber, and the three Humber can's like a different live scale, a little bit of Amsterdam scale, a little bit of the Scandinavian scale. Yeah, well, I've only been Berlin and Colone, I love Colone's great. Yeah, yeah, if you like Colone, there's a little bit of that same vibe sort of in Humber Guy. Okay, I'll see you there. All right, sir. Bye. I'll still leave her. 430 votes on a poll and about 75 of my better real. When Neil was on vacation, how did he like the George and Joe show? And of course, Joe being the a car race, aficionado video. He put the pedal to the metal and just pass you like he was staying in steel. 434 votes. Joe is good. George sucked 109. George was good. Joe sucked 73. So you see, you're just like, you're like on a treadmill. You're not going anywhere. And we know why George isn't the catch enough because he's stupid. I wasn't a lot. It was fine 72. I didn't listen to what 68. I listened very little. I hated it 67. I listened every day was great 45. So there's something for everybody on there to get off their chest. We might be able to set a record for the number of votes during the show today. Bye. I want to clock. I don't know. I do what the number is. But I think we are approaching it with all these bogus votes. NeilWatchers.com, any ILOG, E.R.S. NeilWatchers.com, get on there and vote for Christ's. Wait until you get this up to a thousand by one o'clock. Get a sub to a million. For who's sake? Are you going to start with that most stuff again? Jesus Christ. There was a thing in the Sun sent a lot. You know, there's something wrong in this building. And happen when we had that power failure when that power farted. We were probably right after I talked about the elevator. Probably the elevator inspector went out and ate something out there. He's taken it. Because the air keeps coming on and going off and it's clammy. There's something screw up in this building. We don't even have anybody running this joint. Well, if you can feel it coming on, you're ahead of me. Although, guess what? Guess why I saw on the T-Rim when I went and took my number four. George Corso was in there. But he was just like, what? Why put his hands on a way out and I was just rushing in. So we have to have to bond exactly. To discuss all the plans for who's going to be going to Amsterdam. I guess he's out. I don't think he's going. No, it's to move. It is Bob Demuth. Not to Hulio. No. What a surprise. What a shock. We understand the pace. We understand the pecking order of the corporate engineer. But of course, there's another story. Another case where I think Mo is got a good point. Where you like, you know, blow it up. Bob Demuth in my mind. You just, but now you see that one you can't deny. The most thing of course is all his own. Why? Stop. You were the one that kept saying he was a west coast redneck and a Yahoo. He hit a flag near the Jews. Yeah, that's all you ever said. I'm going to be on the time. You said that. I'm going to go about a heated joke. Because Joe was associated with his program. He was bitch and Joe Casio. Oh, that's true. I see. So now that you're off the hook, it's Joe's fault. See what how this works folks? He pretends to be Joe's friend. But at the meantime, he's got the old spear out. The old Albert Spearers out. It's picking a Germany. Oh, now that you're just coming back on again. Just briefly. I'm going to turn it down to about three and see if we can anything go in and this guy damn place. So Bob Vermo's going to be going to go to Amsterdam. And I sure hope he does it fairly soon. Like, you know, they are very, very, very beginning. A July be a real good idea. I don't need to be there. Because my blind boards building the cabinet. Peter's building the cabinet. And I don't need to be there. Peter's got plenty of keys to let him in there. I don't need to be. It would make sense to me if they went there about a week ahead before I got there. Then the sound reasonable to you. Yeah, that makes sense. So that we don't have to do the same thing in Toronto where they're like on her hands and ease and crawler mile on a floor 10 minutes before airtime. You just, well, you would believe because we've been here long enough. But it was just terrifying. I kept thinking, why did they do this? They had three and a half months to get this thing done right. But that's the way we do it here at Beesley Broadcasting. We never have quite enough time because they have all these important projects going on. Not. So like I started to say, and Sunday's Sun Sentinel, there was a big thing, a big follow-up evidently on another story that had earlier the silent majority speaks of on Rudeness. And it's got a whole bunch of letters from readers out there. Classical music writer, Lawrence A. Johnson apparently touched the nerve with his commentary last Sunday's Arts in Leisure. The Arts and emails about Rud audience behavior at concerts and recentals from our readers with their own stories to tell streamed in all week. While we didn't have room to print all of the correspondence here are some of the excerpts from the mailbag, laugh choir just realized that you're not alone with a candy wrappers crackle behind you or the firm wrote patrons, rudely dash out before the performances over. The original column can be read on the website, go to the set of events on. And so there's like about the 7 million of these letters in here. We're going to give you a bit of an idea what South Florida's all about. And it's not just a music concert. It's it anything. Anything you go to. Rud, obnoxious, inconsiderate, loud, nasty, uncouth. Exactly. Here's one from Sandra Steinhauer and coconut Creek. Bravo to Lawrence A. Johnson for that great article on the Rubeness and Inconsideration of Florida audiences. That should be repeated on a weekly basis right at minimum once a month. I've never seen audiences as rude or inconsiderate in my life and I've lived in New York, California and go to the theater whenever I travel. The actors of the orchestra work hard, rehearsing their best to give the audience a great performance and to rush out with even a plotting is beyond disgusting. Where are they rushing to a night job? Although I doubt that even the guillotine people recognize themselves in your article if they even read. I'm sure that many others thank you for writing it. It says Sandra. Nice God and Sandra. I've seen the same similar things was there with the Renee Fleming. She had a potential of five on-course to do. People got up and appeared to be giving her a standing ovation. But when we're rushing to get out. Unfortunately, I think we're helpless to educate people or do anything about it. The person that's wrapping the candy behind me was an usher. Incidentally, I think the Palm Beach joined as the worst during a performance of Louise Miller. Every time a singer's voice went toward the upper register, a 40-year lady put out a loud gasp. Where you at Regina when the phone rang in front of the orchestra through the entire first act, they might as well be at home in front of their TV sets. I gave up on shushing a long time ago. I was yelled back at that it was okay to talk during the overture and hasn't started yet. Well, we don't have to hear every note, do we? Yes, we do. Every nuance of every note writes Chuck Reef also a quote and a Greek. They're pissed off and fired up because the rest of you are rude. You know what my suggestion to them is? Stay home. Because if expect to go out anywhere to any kind of a performance, sporting or otherwise, in this town, if that's what you're going to get. guaranteed you can bet your life on it. Like the asshole at the hockey game last fall standing up there when a beer in his hand in the cell phone talking to his buddy in the upper deck while a game is going on. I said, hey, hey, turn around and look at me and said, what? What? Not like just sitting down kind of sheepishly like a sickening in a wacit like any normal person would do. But like what? What's your problem? I said, I'd like to see the game. Oh, oh. Like some assholes here to watch the game. And of course, that's kind of foolish for me to want to watch a hockey game because we know that hockey is stupid. 26 past 11 at 560 WQM7 and else that's even more stupid is my macro shopping the way so many people do it. I'm sure that more people, at least what I'm here and are doing it to smart way. And when it gets up to about 142 degrees like today, you don't want to get in the car waste all that time, get all swed it up, and just go nuts shopping from one bedding to department store because all you're going to do is get ripped off and aggravated anyway because you gotta help him pay for that big overhead. Call our friends at Dalam Actress 1-800 mattress. You'll be instantly connected with an expert bedding consultant whose job is to hook you up on the best brand name mattress in the world and an unbeatable price. They got them all. They got so nice, see these Simmons and King Coil. Do your back a big favor because your back has got so much to do with your health and how you feel every day. And when you call Dalam Actress, you pick the day in the 2-hour window for your liver when it's convenient for you any day. Seven days a week and you also get that 30 day in home comfort guarantee. So you test out the mattress, not an apartment store with some asshole salesmen standing over your shoulder for 30 seconds and a plastic raps to Dalam Actress. But the right way by sleeping on it right there in your bedroom. No store can match the great everyday low prices too. So call Dalam Actress like I've been doing for a long time for a coon zage. And tonight you'll be sleeping like a baby called 1-800-Metras 1-800-MATT-RES or check about a night wicked worldwide web at mattress. In a place that's real just like the bad day at the zoo. Make the jump back dressed and drag the drink that we need to do here. If you call the bring-lesser for being laid in the pool, it seems all you gotta do is just ask to your name. Who tried to ask what's happening to Dalam? Jesus Christ! It's girls, but don't wear pants, that's a tell of time. Oh, tell of time, who's here to buy clothes, believe a bride, believe a child. I want things for you, for work. Don't let me forget that I'm in person. I praise my kids like kids, and I never even want to go to the gallery. Who's a dude who's a beauty man who's a clever man. And as of a friend who's a 10-litre town of Amman. And who's a bomb for the town of Amman who's a town of Amman. Oh, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know. Look at 38-5-60, WQM happy Tuesday today, where a world in long cold is kind of going into our mission. Whatever they say, kind of like a thing of the past. I think I basically got out of my system. Thanks a lot, P.D. Lighty, you're the best. You know what, he's like, he's like, pecks a little bad boy. I'm sure of said that before. He's just, you know, he's incorrigible. He keeps slapping him on a wrist, and he just keeps coming back for more. He can't get rid of him. He can't help it. He means well, he just can't help the song. I suppose to some other people. Motortromb begins for religious sickly to end death of son. And was said to be a prophecy from God. The Karen Rubodou, a young mother in a member of a tiny religious sect, needed to overcome her vanity. To do so according to prophecy delivered by her sister-in-law, she should drink only the liquid of world almonds, and with whole solid food from her infant's son Samuel, Fidiomoli, breast milk. For months authorities say members of the religious sect that has choose modern law and medicine, adhere to what they said were God's instructions, even as ten-month-old Samuel cried for food, became comatose and died. Patti liked that, this is in Boston, from the globe. The murder of the child's father, Jacques Rubodou, begins beginning yesterday with Jewish selection, Michelle Rubodou, Mingo, the baby's aunt, Faisin, Mingo. Wander she knew Van Lingo, Mingo. He's stupid. Faises a later trial on charges of being an accessory to assault in battery on a child for allegedly, coming up with the idea of starving the child. Karen Rubodou is charged with second-degree murder, no trial dates have been set for them. All three have pleaded innocent. Francis O'Boi, the name is O'Boi. I'm sorry, that's her name. O'Bostow feed the O'Wi, Francis O'Boi. Who's your attorney? O'Boi. A attorney from Jacques Rubodou said he'll challenge a he-francise, like Francis O'Hir. He'll challenge the notion that Samuel started that argument the child's breast milk died was unusual, but not on her to have a disease. He also claimed to argue the child could have died for any number of reasons, such as Aaron Deficiency, Scurvy, or Ricketts. Sounds to me, all of those are related to aren't they? They have time we checked. And even if the jurors find Rubodou responsible, he should consider if he is guilty on lesser charge, like first degree murder, lesser than that. There's certainly a reason to be able to outest what was the cause of death, O'Boi said. We expected the hotly contested trial, the jurors will have a lot to think about, as usual, if acts may be considerably different from what the press has portrayed and be so far. Gary L. Mellow. Spokesman for Bristol County District Attorney's Office declined a comment, so he got O'Boi and Mellow. The bizarre case of the second known as the body. Took investigators from Adelboro to Maine's backwards were in 1999. Members buried the bodies of Samuel Rubodou and his newborn cousin, Germa Eccorno, and performed the society they rejected. Germa is parents' David and Rebecca Coronel, maintain that he was still born and have not been charged in his death. In fact, I think the excuse was Germa Eccorno. Still bird? The infant's bodies were later found based on information provided by David Coronel, or most part of Maine's backstreet state park. Make sure Pine Coffins were recovered and removed. Police first came to the sex home of about 30 miles south of Boston in 1999 after Dennis Mingo. Michelle's husband had dropped off from the second town of Germa, Rubodou's condition took it to the police. The Germa described Michelle Mingo's vision about Samuel, prosecutors alleged that Mingo fabricated the vision because she was jealous of Karen Rubodou. In November of 2000, Grand Junior and editor of the Rubodou's end Mingo District Attorney Paul Wall said it was a clear case of murder. A child as the child is staring with his ribs sticking out in his eyes rolling in opposite directions, a walk past the child on the way to the dinner table every night he said. Other sect members are also facing legal trouble, which proves like I've been telling you for a thousand years, they were religious people are the crazy people, but just like that. Just exactly like that, and in the moment where they're just they are, the crazier they are. And the more dangerous they are, the more malignant they are, God dead it, starving a little kid to death, Jesus Christ, exactly. Couldn't have said it better myself, Mo. 474, you think he's going to invite me back on a Chotamar moron? To say like, no they're one. So young, they're on Thursday. When the EOS on vacation, how did you like the Georgian Joe show or approaching that 500 vote mark? It's not even close to Nune. How many of these votes you think are for real? The eye. Oh no, not otherwise these coffin jacks, I hate that. I'll have mungots in there. Yeah, it's just right about that mungo. Yeah, it was psychosomatic. But I got my thing, I got all my chaperiy light here, wash it down, really helps a lot. Don't have any up in Toronto anymore. Just mention that in passing guys. Covered his beer. Joe was good, George sucked, 113. Oh look at that, you're following a third place. I wasn't a lot of was fine, 83. George was good, Joe sucked 78. Then let's see what it all, 77. I listen very little. I hated it, 75. That's 32%. I listen every day was great, 51. 10 and a half percent. Listen every day, no complaints. They like Joe, Joe, they like the Yamama, everything about it. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon, Marvel, Slime. Taking a few calls today and again tomorrow. Then I think we'll shut it down most of the rest of June. The transmitter? Yeah. WCUAM. Yeah, listen, I just wanted to vote on that, that Joe thing. That was the worst plan. Yeah. I mean, he almost drove me back to FM. Oh no. Yeah, really, he was terrible. The George into the fills industry is just, I mean, the deal's the best. But then I look at, he's stuck in the station. Okay, thanks a lot. We got you down. Thank you. It's guy said Joe sucked. And of course, it didn't cost him, and he's not awake yet, he's totally. Yes. Won't be up to like three or four. Don't be passing those along to Joe, by the way, because now it's dark getting sensitive, and being Italian, we'll get emotional. He'll start drinking a lot of wine, a lot of cheap wine. Not good. Remember to QAM. Thanks for the motion. Yes, sir. Oh, I am confident. Speaking. Neil, I heard you say Francis O'Hare. Yes. Well, you must know my dad, Mr. Venable then Floyd Vettable Jr. Yeah, right? You just made that up. Come on I I I Gloppously run p for many many years It was a tragedy when they had to get rid of them. Yeah Warous Francis so here from Chicago no flashing Michigan Flushing Michigan no no no no originally. Oh, I was from Chicago. Yes. I didn't know that And the butters Right period Todd right of course And the boring Chris Yeah You know this guy that was just on there. He's another guy that heard the tapes years ago. He wrote P Floyd Vettable Jr. Pretends to know about harness racing. He didn't this guy. He wouldn't know Seriously, he wouldn't know Jay cuff from Charlie Huff. That's what he knows about harness racing Oh, I'll tell you Jay cuff throws a mean a nutler at the track and like I said keep no real I'm told off the track Ted not Ted but look at whatever your name is Tom Dick and Harry WQAM Good meal yes, sir. Hey fill the monkey man here. How you doing? Fill the monkey man. Yeah. How you doing? Okay? Has been it's been great. Yeah. I'm sure you've been conversation too. Yeah. I'm sure you've been living it up over there. Yeah Yeah, anyways I'm uh, yeah, I want to vote. I think George and Joe are both the great and I think there are the Joe is probably gonna Really unleash some of his good stuff this summer. I really have faith Joe's gonna unleash his good stuff this summer. We're you mean on this show? Show on the show. Yeah, he's definitely gonna knock his dead. I know Nothing can compare to you of course He'll he'll be adequate. Okay. Hey one more thing. Yeah, you should check out the bloodhound gang website There's naked pictures of the band members on it. You might want you might not want to see any of them naked, believe me You never know it. You might enjoy it. Okay. Okay. Thanks fill take it easy Neil See you Fill the monkey man just in case you didn't hear me at the first time. You know how much I like those guys that all have a handle, you know 560 I mean I like the bloodhound gangs music a lot, but there's definitely nobody in that band I want to see naked trust me and when we get to Tom Brady band or maybe we'll band on a nomenal Are we pretty much have seen him naked in a voice that they you saw that video? Yeah, we say dancing naked with the nun That's a good video. That is a great video. Yeah, sexy nuns. Uh-huh And all the sexy girls in that cat-lix school and in fact the timing was very good on that guy band-on-on-on-on But they are the best. He's the best thing with the other kid. I know what he's there for maybe gives good ahead I don't know 21 till noon at 560 WQ and I guess before this spot a very good little champion. I just excuse me for one go And yeah, I don't know why I always think that these things are gonna go away like in two or three days They don't These airplane allergy type colds they last about 10 days to two weeks every single time and it's always the same way Usually with me they start away where you think they're gonna go away in two or three days and the throat thing is first The wroth throat like when I couldn't talk last week and could do the show and then it goes into the nasal thing and a congestion and then the red nose is like the warning sign It's like if you could squeeze a bulb and it always keeps getting redder is it like red On a skill of 10 how red is it today like a clown nose And of course the clown nose that's what John Wayne Gincy said and look what happened to him. Let's see him no more 20 till noon at 560 WQ and we got the mad dog at one you heard me talking about the big one and in four short months You can have a big one too a big Paycheck the demand for certified computer professionals is through the roof So pick up the phone call our friends at fast-trained at 866 fast train summer classes are forming right now this second If you call now you can be certified in a brand new career before the summer is over fast-trained offers Microsoft certified instructors Four convenient locations including a new campus in Kendall Job placement assistance day needing classes to and for those of you whose job is affected after 9.11 fast-trained is an operation paycheck training provider Call fast-trained toll-free 1 866 fast-trained or check them on the web at fast-trained.com They can have your certified already for a brand new money-making career Could out of that dead end out of that rut you were right now and as soon as four months So call them today get started call toll-free and tell them you're right. You're turning to call your mentioned Todd Dreck 2 that'll laugh all the way to the bank call 1 8 We can count on that Stop right now Jesus Christ coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story We take a good hard stiff look in the start of he was an Indonesian born of Dutch parents who had his only hit with a remake of an American song Which you record in Germany was this guy? Dipper what we're talking about taco I love him, but it's extremely hard to find information on taco indeed our own search for taco proved Furious until it finally bore fruit and Jim who runs the only known taco van website in the world I want people to know they don't have to be ashamed to visit my site if you love taco You found a home here Jim also runs taco support groups for the miserable hideous freaks who actually Coped a liking this crappy singer and his crappy song hi My name is Beth and I'm a taco fan. Hi How do I explain tacos contribution to this whole Oof rev synth pot versions of Irving Berlin tunes Where are you taco? Let us know where you are and if you're listening I just want to thank you Oh then please click on the links to my sponsors help keep my website free what a bunch of crap Give me the young Frankenstein version any day if you're blue and you don't know where to go to why don't you go wear fashion Oh That's better it's a big juicy shopping West look at show business tonight on inside the line 145 at 5.60 WQAM dick Morris writes in today's New York post Oh, and this is there's a special reason that I clip this out because there's a expression of users in here Then we almost never hear all don't tell me it's not in here. Oh, oh, here it is he's an oh show provocateur Dick Morris writes like the agents provocateur That anti union bosses would send in the ranks of labor tickets to foam and violence Al Qaeda and other Muslim terrorist groups are trying to star g-hods at each end of the Islamic world against the Jews in the Middle East and the Hindus in the subcontinent They punched the Israelis in the nose to egg them on to retaliate against the West bank Palestinians They bond the Indian Congress to ratchet up New Delhi's egg regains Pakistan They're good to foam at a two-friberligious war their purposes are easy to divine one War will help them radicalize Islamic regimes by inflaming racial and religious passions if Pakistan fights a war Especially a nuclear one against an infant elation like India the militant Muslims are elected to increase support from the 10 to 15% of the recent elections to a new majority With this increased pressure they might be able to take over yet another country Pakistan this one has gotten nuclear weapons Two the crises that brought American attention from the pressing business at hand of invading one nation totally aligned with the terrorist Iraq If Middle Eastern issues in a war in Kashmir can delay US invasion of Iraq Saddam Hussein buys valuable time to develop his own nuclear chemical and biological weapons and the means to deliver them Time of Saddam's key ally once he goes nuclear the US will not be able to stop him until then he's vulnerable Al Qaeda is trying to buy him the months that he needs three Finally al Qaeda's probably trying to implement the strategy articulated by Che Guevara who said he wanted to die the West down and they won two and Thousand Vietnam's Conscious of limits of American patients in our sensitivity to potential casualties al Qaeda and its fellow terrorists want to stretch our resources Soften that they exhaust them We can't treat the Kashmir or Middle East conflict as isolated crises. We must see them as two fronts and a coordinated radical Islamic challenge to Western power Both the Indian and Pakistani governments are run by leaders with strong personal and political investments and religious strife But it's loses if things get out of hands The Hindu nation list to now rule in New Delhi need to realize that a religious war with Pakistan would likely trigger a civil war at home In which India's normally peaceful 150 Muslims battle with the dominant Hindus and thereby lead voters back to the secular consensus That under the Indian politics for 50 years Pakistan with 15% of India's population and lacking technology can't win a war and leaders of military coups like the hero regime Do not farewell when they lose foreign wars once leaders of Indian Pakistan Grants that their political careers will be shortened by a war peaceful probably break out all over the spite the best efforts of the Agents provocateur is an ocean provocateur. How do you like that huh? Never thought we hear that expression again? How's Dick Fadley doing anybody hear him lately? No, probably did When should think I would think he had it be about a hundred years old back in those days back in early I would be days Dick Fadley was the an I would eat I don't know I never heard him except on that drop Well, I'll tell you one thing about him. He's an ocean provocateur five six seven Oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT and T line we got five hundred and three votes on the survey When the oil is on vacation. How did you like the George and Joe show Joe is good George sucked 120? I listen to a lot of was fine 89 George was good Joe suck 83 I didn't listen to it at all 81. I listened to it with very little I hated it 79 and I listen every day was great 51 Why should have also put on here? I listened every day and I hated every second of it So remember had some devoton and my mother too 560 pound five sixty on me and we had one woman today. No second day back in town had a couple yesterday and here I am like a begging for lady callers today Just give it a say hey, it's nice to be back in nothing. It sounds a different on the air Makes eight events where I'm physically sitting it's quite of all the early predictions of doom and gloom from Greg Reid and Tom Jicka Kind of strange you got makes a deal like this and then is pretty well, you know how's he gonna keep in touch with what's going on? Hey touch this Greg okay and by the way go get another suit Nobody Q a m George. Yes. Hi. Is this new or George? It's new. Oh Neil This is full Great to have you back. Well, thanks so much. Well, that was quick response What that I was saying we hadn't had one lady all day and now we get you all I didn't I had a turn turn down That's okay. That's good idea. I'm sorry. You have that cold Well, I'm sorry, too much just about going to be my worst problem That should I just wish that this phony doctor and Hollywood wouldn't have sent me to this engine in place to get my blood test Did yesterday because I thought that I would he thought I was some kind of a well fair case or something. Oh, no. Yeah So I didn't even get my blood testing not you. I mean you have to figure out which doctors to go to yet No, I still have I haven't found a doctor. He's still can't find one Well, I just wanted to I wanted to say something about that pipeline that's going through the oil pipeline and That's gonna end up Selling all the oil to China. It's coming from Russia from the cast in C the cast was serious And then it goes through Afghanistan, Pakistan, Karachi Of course, so that's why they have to stabilize all those countries for the it's all for money and grease Yeah, well, that's why I live an Amsterdam. You know, I say to hell of all of it Well, I was thinking about going to Italy to live when my husband retires, but then they have all this religious stuff over there What do you mean by that? I'm not the pope and now you won't forget about the pope They don't have place right in your void all that stuff You can be right in Rome with you a little boy if they don't pay any attention to pope They they give me the old high sign about what you know I'm serious they attended people are on to him. It's all it's all the tourists that are over there That makes me feel better because it looks like a nice place to retire to well It's a little expensive over there and you have to smear the right hands and you know getting the right Suga salute whatever, but it's a beautiful place. You don't have to go fishing. Yeah, okay You know, I'm under those little towns right there on the you know on the Adriatic Adriatic Okay, okay I hope your coke is better and I hope you stay in town, but I know this not gonna happen. Yeah, I'll stay in town another 48 hours Ask a lego. Okay, ciao. Bye, me. Put scenes 560 pound 560 on the AT&T now what difference is it make it by staying in town or not? It's no difference at all of it is much more aggravating when I'm here for me I've had more grief since coming back now not not important things like a dead battery in one car Big son that by the way, thanks to my good friend What's his name Greg Nelson over there at Lou back road Chevrolet got are they great to me? You know? Do I have the hell of a punty x-buck coming up? That's okay. Tom Laman knows how to cure vets And even if how I'll sit in I better not sit because I'll get by wise and broke all upset Even if they saw Corvets at Tom Laman I mean, I mean, what I buy cars there now that have been buying new back road for all these No, he knows that he knows the Greg Nelson takes great care me they can and picked up the blue Corvette They was the battery died because I haven't really I don't know what they'll happen, but the And they put a brand new battery in there delivering it by the fact probably they're right now right back to the house Don't have to lift the finger doesn't cost the diamonds all in a warranty and a great My good buddy Greg Nelson at Lou back road Chevrolet on the right by Pompado Park racetrack right by a warmerian toll and hopefully won't ever be driving again Five six and what was the other stuff all and I didn't tell you about lose my glasses did I know did I tell you that no And I'm sitting in the front room I computer room there On that little sofa and I got all my my checkbooks out and I'm doing all because I had to make all these deposits after like four months ahead And I'm sitting out there and I got all my papers spread out and everything and I have a habit because I don't need glasses for reading Even though these are bifocals. Yes, and I don't know what are they calling they call them like they have a word for that without the thing on the bottom I don't you're talking about anyway, so For what I'm reading or doing clothes work away writing checks stuff I take these off and I said them down well these glasses are so great and so light that you can't even sometimes tell when you have monoroff So I put them down and after about 20 minutes I get up and I realize I don't have my glasses on and I'm looking around can't find them because you need your glasses to find them And we're looking all over the place well John don't eat glasses to find them But the two of us were looking all over pull up the couch everywhere going from room to room what are we? Well luckily I got a second pair That I had the identical I put those on which helps search and find still can find them. This is going on for like an hour and a half hour and a half these are six hundred dollar glasses these damn thing. Yeah, they're invisible By the problem I'll have to make them that way. I'll be too out of about so I think remember get to the other 400 But anyway So and I look behind the I don't want to rip in my maid, but she deserves it I look behind the sofa there and on the window sill there is every there are like 75 Made in little bugs you know dead bugs and like it just just shoots from ever evidently since today I moved to that house Because she doesn't do windowsill. So you know she doesn't do like low url I'm talking about she surface cleans Genie love you, Genie, but yeah, you don't do crap on me and so anyway I was so disgusting I said well I can't find a glass, but I mean time leave that sofa away from here I'm gonna go get the vacuum cleaner because I couldn't stay there with disgusting I go get the vacuum and I'm sucking and put the hose on there and I'm sucking all that crap We're doing a very nice job by the way off the window sill And as I get to the very end of it, I look down and there in a spot that you never want to see in a minute Years there are a lot of glasses Pristine and perfect condition and I'm thinking to myself, oh right yeah, how do you like that? Those little things you could have sucked those into the vacuum So I thank her profusely in a while though, but these were in the fore though and the bugs were on the asill Well, there probably a lot of bugs in a floor too, but I didn't see him But the point being that if she would have cleaned that wouldn't have done that operation I still wouldn't have these glasses never would have found them So thank you for leaving all those dead bugs in a window sill, Lord Genie. Thank you for giving me just a surface cleaner God How many QAM? Hi Neil, please. Yes, we're speaking Nick Neil. Yeah, how you doing? Great. Listen, why are you on vacation? I don't know if you were aware There was an article in the paper uh about the portal out of the police department They sent three officers over to Haiti three crew police officers for the department. Oh, beauty Yeah, like we don't have enough people here that want to be police officers that could be good police officers They want to have family to Haitian people complaining that the police officers never understand the where they say and So they want to recruit police officers from Haiti now great So they're getting hi so there's a tip to all you people at four laudered out when you're your favorite swing club And you see a bunch of Haitians coming like and playing clothes be very very nervous. They're torn your clothes right back on and one for the exits There you go. Or even to just a bunch of Haitians coming in general. I would like run for the exits Absolutely. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Good luck to us and thank you Four minutes till noon at five sixty WQM on a fair two days, but okay. I know I know complaints I'm sure they're probably some people have complaints, but that's because uh, I don't know I really don't know what to say all about. I'm here. I'm experiencing it But I just can't find a word to describe the whole deal scooping. We'll have to do for now Here's I got it's not stupid. He's a genius Tom Lamedon or a hell of potty egg GMC They got to be pretty smart because anybody who can survive in the same location in business in this town for 35 years plus And it's still going stronger than ever. They got to know how to do business Especially in a horse ball town like this But Tom Lamedon they're doing it down there one thirty four one south to see highway on US one right across in the falls at Hellapaniac and right now It's the off the wall in voicel in Hellapaniac. That's correct The lowest sale prices marked right on the invoice at all two thousand two cars and trucks in stock Choose one point nine percent financing or up to a thirty five hundred dollar rebate Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs including the envoy Thoded by loaded train is the SUV the your plus the the all new vibe SUV why do they're as I keep telling you vibes got the power of a sports car Just a fraction of the price Had it's also that I stupidest luxury to pre-owned cars trucks and spoiled till the vehicles and if you've been turned down for credit someplace else Don't problem in hell it even if you're a deadbeat. Maybe they'll send you that clinic by the way Look at you directions. I'll give you a little map It's the off the wall in voicel. It's going on right now only in Hellapaniac GMC 134.01 South to see highway on US want across from the falls open every day seven days week Tell that old Bob Eisenberg said you buy an is petmuscrack to the hell of potty at GMC the 8995012 Hey, the state Goldstein but you can call me down. See whenever I'm in town. I listen to made of it. I am in town. It's the 12th of hour I'm not sure I have the voice to the city The person's often heavy the neighbors are upsetting to crush I keep forgetting the Osborne family the my daughter has a tattoo and stupid loving hair do the house is filled with dog milk The Osborne family. I think I feel like doing no I won't be here little rich boys never tell me I'm not money to you I walk like I have earlier my wife's a little psycho I think my son's a hobo The Osborne family I get a little dizzy when I discover I'm still living my parents I'm always pissing the Osborne family I'm not a lot of the more you're the I'm the one I'm forgetting about it Then what you're going to put it up to my husband's spirit can make my school entrance I'm a one at five sixty W. Can Polka Brian's here When he first walked into my thought it was Jesus Christ, but it turns out it's only Polka Brian well nothing's perfect You know what I haven't gotten into why do you keep looking at that? I mean is that not saddest fact you would I just give you that Okay, well I'll tell you what you can wipe my back them. Why? One thing about Polka I've discovered he's stupid Sean was final minutes how she really died. This is a very lengthy thing, but it's from the inquirer So it might have some credibility do it I've been saving this because it was in that the when I was in the new it's in the new inquirer Not the money you got down here. That's from the previous week Well, this place is so far behind this is like Low-ow-ow-ow-ow-ow all the way down here at the end. Yeah It's like all the refuse that finally makes its way down here. Might take a long time But sooner or later all gets here all the drags the mong the swill Sean was final minutes how she really died special inquirer investigation Sean relieve he spent her last minutes in abject terror bound and gagged and locked in the truck of a car Taking her to what must she must have known was her certain death The end came with her killers arm locked around her neck before her half-plowed body was flung down a steep heavily-witted ravine just over a mile from the spot where she got to meet someone she knew entrusted You following that someone that she knew and trusted Detectives hunting the 24-year-old's cold blooded murderer of the off-at-chilling scenario since the missing Interins remains were discovered May 22 the inquirers learned exclusively The inquirer has also learned that several clues found their shunders body may help investigators track down the theme to took her life the themed the evil one the evil doers Tiny traces of body fluids were discovered on the stretch luggings she wore that day in which had been used to bind her wrists And it discarded basket robins ice cream contained it may help authorities identify the person she went to to meet that faithful day Are we gonna find out what flavor was and interestingly enough? member in the O.J. trial ice cream and was it bastard robins? I'm pretty sure was it? I thought it was aint it does oh you're right. I'm so sorry. It was hog and does George got his ice cream straightened out although we don't know his nissiness turtle yet But you right was a hog and does container than the cold was eating it was like soft and like melting on the account Probably pretty good by that time you would have thought that Mark's room would like suck that right up, you know winter Anyway, so the year-long search for missing shundra gripped the nation after Mary congressman Gary Condit admitted to police that he and the bright young woman from his California constituency were lovers It ended at 9.20 a.m. on a beautiful spring day similar to the one when shandra disappeared nearly 13 months ago After a man hunting turtles in a remote area of Washington DC's rock creek parked notice did dog sniffing it leaves on the forest slope above him the man brushed away leaves and discovered a human skull He then ran down the hill leaf to cross the stream at the bottom and went to a nearby house under construction He told a construction workers he needed to call police but he was shaken so shaking so badly He couldn't make the call himself local resident Charles surf no relation to beditzer by the way. Totally inquire One of the construction workers had to make the 911 call for him was 9.29 in the morning Police would search the area unsuccessfully last year right within 20 minutes Then were met by a grizzly side and inside an intimate knowledge of the crime scene to a little than choir The skull overmains of shandra were spread over an area of dense woods down a steep 35 degree incline Respine which was intact was about 20 to 30 or 25 to 30 yards from the edge of the incline Bones from her body which had been moved and noded by foxes or cunes were in the same general area Why sure hope and it happens to one of us we don't get noded by cunes or foxes Shandra's skull bearer of all hair was 100 feet farther down the hill at first sight the trailer killer couldn't have appeared Corder but a quickly began to yield horrifying clues to the way shandra died close to the spinal column where a walkman radio in her clothing A university of southern California t-shirt reboc 10 issues a red sports bra patties and stretch leggings The leggings were not in at the bottom of the legs as if they've been used to bind her reveal the insider Investigators now believe shandra's wrist were tied to a strange reforcian was killed and When menacle examined is went to work still nor clues emerge to give the grim face detectives hope that they may yet trap the killer Miraclelessly dried body fluids on the contrary of shandra's leggings had survived years exposure to the elements said the insider The leggings were sent to the FBI lab for analysis if the fluids are found to include semen It could be a huge breakthrough in the case and the leggings might also contain close to the person who tied the nut Shandra's skull had a minor fracture near the nose area however investigators believe it probably happened after death But one small bone among the dozens painstaking we recovered by cops they tell a major part of the story investigators believe Her a high-oid bone the small bone in the front of the neck about an inch from the top bone in the chest is damaged reveal the insider How Sherman a former tap near city crime scene detective has investigated nearly 2000 homicides and has been a techer advisor on movies like the ransom the bone collector and some are same He told the inquire where you can choke someone to death without fracturing that high-oid bone But relieve evidence of damage Rather than using his hands to strangle her the killer simply could have used his forearm around her throat pushing on her head at the same time and killing her or choking her unconscious that way Shandra's body was found just a bromile from the historic 19th century clingle mansion situated deep in rock Creek Park and used as a DC parks department headquarters and storage area The discover revealed the final moments of young interns last day when Chandra obsessed with her married lover logged on to her computer and a DC apartment The baby for she made no fewer than five unsuccessful phone calls to congressman content and previously left the message on her Atlamb de Zamsky's answering machine that she had big news to tell her who links speculation that Chandra'd learned that she was pregnant by her lover As she said her glass-topned space saver desk searching websites the love of her life was on her mind She searched for media sites with all had articles about prison and bushes Congressional luncheon the day before all of them noting that condon had a place of honor at the president's table at Some point that morning investigated police you got a phone call which brought a smile to her face said a source close to the case Someone she knew wanted to meet her later in the afternoon rock rock creek park the meeting took place the historic clingle mansion Some two miles from her problems where they met on from into a location of the mansion Chandra used her computer to help Chandra found directions to clingle mansion the site called map quest the police source told the inquire family members They shonder would never venture alone and the isolated and sometimes dangerous area where the clingle mansion is located But her assignment over came her fears. It was a perfect day for a stroll 82 degrees with a little humidity She'd be comfortable wearing her reboc tennis shoes dressed like Ewing's rent sports bra on a t-shirt Burying the initials of her calls University of Southern California. She'd listen to music on her walk-man as she stole happily to her rendezvous With another click on the miles Chandra visited the basket robins ice cream website Looking for the nearest door to the route to the mansion She'd always enjoyed ice cream treats with condo to cordu or ant and as luck would have it There was a shop here in entrance through a quick park and the lead to the clingle mansion. She'd buy ice cream to share what a simply perfect day would be How do you like that? Don't say what flavor it was though That's important Authorities believe Chandra left her apartment for a meeting in the late afternoon wearing her walk-man and take one of your keys with it said the police Or is and later let us speculation she was headed off to meet the congressman and struck a Chandra when they dated to leave all ID at home The spider clothing shot was not a jogger investigators believe she was not hanging the park for exercise She had a North I Connecticut Avenue or the West domain Washington DC through a fair window shopping She listened to music it took about 40 minutes to reach the basket robins ice cream shop at 2604 Connecticut Avenue Northwest just 30 feet away from a walkway that he sends in the park on route to the mansion Following her disappearance Washington police questioned employees of asking robins but shop manager Charrot Run know four of four what seven seventy five letters in his name pull the inquire of my employees Didn't remember her but we were we are a popular place you're gonna be easily come in Significantly just days after Chandra's body was found police on earth They discarded basket robins ice cream container to spot between the clingle mansion and the site where her remains were found How do you like that To be continued. It's it's a long story But it's certainly well worth it. It's fascinating because it's in the inquire and the inquire is on top of stuff Along before everybody else liked her Robert Blake thing like this story Which they had like a week before the they found a remains OJ John the day. That's right the inquire's got it baby Our good close friends up there in Montana Mike Walker, etc What's he doing other that what's his name? Rallos, no anymore When they on her order like almost every year we could leave never watched her all done well shame on you Well, I was an English answer a point we can got that's why you didn't like important we can enjoy oh boy. Oh, I think he's got a little Jew in him 9 minutes after noon at 5.60 WQA If you find yourself looking at a mirror like Boca Brian and wondering where did it all go? Where did that hair vanish to gone Almighty almost every single strand is disappeared the answer is down the drain Baby on the floor up your nose where we're gonna hell with it's gone if you like to get the pack Charles Alfie areas the guy he's been on TV almost as much as that Mark whatever's the guy's name is Oh look at that he powered most piece this morning and died it in between the shows That is That is incredible. It's only one word had as hard the way that looks stupid Anyway, check out here has been on speaking Ted couple on good morning American today show which ain't no Ted couple But it's something and he's got the latest technology that provides sensational results for guys I want their hair back who want to look younger and better like a real manch is opposed to the silly way Look at Brian looks already now with that mouse. He looking peace. He looks like a cross between Bob Eisenberg and a dead squirrel So if you want to have holes in your head or look in like Brian looks right now go right ahead You might guess people laugh their ass off at you if you want to look younger and better call Charles Alfie or because and no price in the world Can you get a better more natural looking peace call toll free 1 800 321 24 13 That's 1 800 321 24 13 or log onto their website at Charlesoffie read dot com make sure to mention you'll put it You call it'll save you to her box off the regular price when you call Chuck Alfie or we For there are no loos Straight to hell On sports when you'll 560 QA Oh, we're all Come that Sean's a beat the lockers out on a home to sleep if she's gone to hell And then she left when she should the night that Gary can't have given to Oh, good They were out on a date parking Gary's gone Maybe Gary had gone just a little too far here. He showed up the loaner turned her her and said I'll bow to you baby. I could use me some beer Maybe that young intern thought that that wasn't right but the cocktails in their system made them feel so light John's a thought for a moment and said you're the one That maybe Tuesday Gary bonus still on your race Oh, we're all in a can that Sean happy She ain't been hurt as seen for so many weeks She's gone to heaven then she left when she showed the night that Gary can't have given to her Oh, good Squat's quit When we walk up the next morning Sean Joe was not around Though Gary had no tears His pants were still down. He remembered her point into her Barned eyes Yes, Gary finally got what he wanted last night She had opened the door Went to kill men said Oh, we mad and just a little more home Then she took off after he blew her up case And no one including Gary has seen her since Full of fact is she gone this scratch made nothing right if somebody knows the truth Well then the truth will be nice Will Chamberlain rate me 15 to five Five sixty WQAM Never heard that note at the end there. It's a good thing we had a pause, you know Anyway continue to the Sean relieving story from the inquiry this week's the brand new when they tuned the 18th What is it June 11? What ever tell this? You won't be able to find it yet anyway, probably unless you go to like several places Because they're just getting around the one with a column bind bodies on there And what it's got the great Britney Spears picture in it Got it right here as a matter of fact And I still think she looks pretty damn good in that picture Even an old fact likes me thinks she's like boy She looks healthy She looks yeah real healthy in that picture I'll tell you his book a brand with a hairpiece Why are you carrying that around the Joe Peshi hairpiece? He brought it in as a joke as a joke What a clown Anyway getting back to this thing about basketball robins in the YET and a funny container Police said it off to the FBI lab for analysis hoping it would reveal the fingerprints or DNA Below the killer who shared ice cream with Sean resetter or at least the flavor so we know what kind of taste they had I hear how the investigators believe Sean has spent her final moments alive She walked in this of course is all speculation She walked up to the clungal mansion about 4pm at a time when park employees are gone There will be no sounds but the tripping of birds Please surround her. She's had a sight from anyone using nearby roads In the small secluded parking lot Police believe was a waiting car It was the killer's car in the night mayor began In one scenario detectives believes she was overpowered Drag into the car and her tits pull off There may have been a sexual assault even an act of bondage using the tits as a restraint Said a law enforcement source Her hands were tied in front of her using the legs of the tits It's likely that she was also gagged in some way because of attacker quit him Miss getting one hearing her screams. She was then thrown into the truck of the car She must have been in total shock. What's happening? Then the full effective her fear sets in thoughts of betrayal and death The car moves slowly making its way along a narrow winding and isolated road within the park Headed north and ice cream containers tossed from the window Six minutes which must have seemed like an eternity past and the truck opens Chandra feels the arms lifting around. She looks around desperately wondering how she can escape The car is parked in a small area on Glover Road Just big enough for three vehicles next to what is known as picnic area 16 No one is around. It's totally isolated with no houses or park visitors inside The picnic tables are on occupied Her abductive begins to carry her drag her toward dense woods Just 15 yards away over dusty horse trail She's in mortal fear of her life. She's struggling But there is no hope of escape Suddenly a man's forearm is wrapped around her neck crushing the breath from her body Her head is forced down causing damage to her a high-oid bone that was later uncovered During the exam by Washington DC Medical Examiner Dr. Jonathan Arden And so her life Ebzaway as Chandra's last thought of her lover Gary Condit Well the young interns lifeless body in his arms the killer stumbles another 150 yards On a narrow rocky trail to the edge of a steep incline that would be her final resting place It's a struggle for Chandra's killer to get her body down the 35 degree hillside Finally he heaves it to a spot shaded by huge trees And hindered by poison ivy cinnamon for his broken branches Roots and heavy underbrush some 30 yards from the edge of the incline The killer scramble's back up the hill and disappears And there she lay for nearly 13 months as her what's beautiful body is racked by the elements The massive police search that followed his appearance came as close as a hundred yards to where a body lady composing The remoteness of the area working against its discovery Charles surf a long time local resident and director of the coral arts society of Washington told the inquire I lived in a house overlooking that exact spot for 21 years and in all that time I saw maybe three human beings on that slope is very very steep Whoever did this plan it out and did it very well It's just about the right place to park the hide something that would take a long time to be found US Park police officer J. E. Gwence agreed it would be easy to avoid being seen in that area It's partially used particularly in the late afternoon The discovery of Chandra's body through a new spotlight on congressman congressman congress expected to be interviewed by police for a fifth time Said the close source he can expect to be closely question about his whereabouts from 4 p.m. on the nation revanished He's sure to be asked about his knowledge of the park on its very familiar with the park and often wrote his bicycle through its sources to the inquire Another problem kind of faces are reports he's in the sexual bondage which involves tying up his partners How do you like that police continue to believe Chandra was killed by someone she knew It's not a robbery because her walkman was found nearby the body said police Investigators don't believe was a random kill either because of evidence she left behind in a apartment A bed company tossed hastily inside her front door as if she just fished out of a dryer down the hall and rushed off to keep a date And Chandra hadn't instantly straight into the motory of the park as she was jogging Chandra's mother told me she would never have gone jogging that isolated area the park Chandra's cousin Milwaukee attorney Michael Macell and told the inquire she was streets march you to be careful Added Macell and the family is devastated Bob and Sulevi always how that hope they'd celebrate one day when the daughter was found alive Now their worst fears have been realized he revealed cognitive still at the top of their list is a suspect They think he had the motivation to want Chandra out of the way they believe Chandra was going to reveal something about a relationship with him He didn't want to be revealed That's any inquire this week right on the front page And guess what she still did So now we can't reveal a good time with this for months to come right if we don't have nuclear war in Indian Pakistan if you know If we don't have the polarized caps melt before we expected to Little things like that Hey, we got to take care of big business speaking to business has the markets doing right now Let's take a look at that just just for fun Yesterday took a real big dump not that I'm you know dancing anybody's grave, but it looks to me like maybe I finally I'm not gonna say I got out the right time because it was way too late for me in the right time I mean the right thing it would look at that doubt that was done another 67.96 and change 9642 and then as next down really five But it's in a mid 151557 it's looking kind of grim Then you saw that tyco thing yesterday mean these investigations are just beginning to the tip of the iceberg and run in tyco and more to come more to chi 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon world of slant ticket if you call it here this week one you know these three days Give you a little shot at it not too much actually notice 563 votes that's why the action is on our website on the poledainewargers.com because first of all we got the cranks down there like a work and overtime in a frenzy on it and secondly the audience is very emotional about this Because given the chance to really rip some very serious ass While the old is on vacation how did you like the Georgian Joe show? Joe is good George suck 128 I listen to a lot of was fine 100 I listen very little I hated it 95 you fall into fourth place by the way George is good Joe suck 93 I'd listen to it at all 93 and I listen there in fact you're tied for fourth Wow and I listen to it every day was great 54 and I have percent We're gonna top 600 votes while the show is on today We're gonna have like 42 million votes on this and like I said about 75 of them might even be real Well we got one call ring on here WQAM And it was it Notice how quick I'm in a finger that news little box now works great So that was it and all you assholes out there were give me a son and answer about well we missed the phone calls We're on a phone calls on see any phone calls that was it That was it That was a mentally of their material and even once we have taken yesterday in today I got news for I wouldn't give you like 40 say I could go to basketball robins and have a much better time than those phone calls Even on the way to that park WQAM Yeah, I hear you I try all day I bring the muffins to the people I'm counting on them a pastry sales and so I listen to you guys every day And I love your show I like it when you're there, but when you leave Yeah, the Georgian Joe show is fine And it shouldn't be just George or Joe which would be the Georgian Joe show because I think the two of them have great chemistry That's what I thought I thought it would be fine Now the people down here in South Florida already it's I'm in the U.R. which may be bad for you guys But you know, I think they're fun I mean I was in Howard in the morning and I switched right over to you and it's like one big show carries on all day Right And that's what I wanted to say and just you know go into it I mean maybe they can move on to bigger and better things who knows But for South Florida those guys are fine That's what I'm more like to see like Z George or one to bigger and better things Even smaller and worse things I don't listen to that kind of the more so I really feel you know have a great day I used to think that pump it was muffins and if you're upset with that morning show call Greg Reid I'll never forget that morning when OSch parts is recalling it called Greg Reid They'll come on moe lighten up stuff in such an asshole, what do you please stop in such a schmuck Mr. anyway to save him from himself but that moe guy No, I don't think so. I don't know what I think I know what his problem was when he was younger Will change him and rate me and he just never recovered from that I don't you wouldn't recover either man Boy Be easy to say don't get so about that but not you know easier said than done I leave you walking funny all the rest of your life. Well, it's bigger walking funny to he's got this hang up about faggot's to you And I got to loosen up about that man I think maybe if you found out that every member of the Boston cellar's was gay That if they've counted it head as way with all of them that you know, I might change his attitude about things like that But I could be wrong I could be just a hard ass WCWM George Yes sir I thought I was gonna get on with you It is Neil Neil I listen whatever you all say if you would have said tini. I just said hey, how are you doing? Welcome back I know you're not gonna be here for a while but no just just long enough to get a little taste of what's going on here And believe me at least kind of a sour taste of my post I could imagine I don't even know why you come back I've been I've been to Toronto only once but I was there for a month and I was 2019 years old so you can imagine Yeah, probably had a good time Yeah, I'm only here for the chicks So I don't know why you're here Well that's why I'm not gonna be here very long Yeah, I didn't really have anything to say I drive all day and I get really bored driving so I thought I talked to someone Okay, thanks a lot pal Thank you And we'll see you Good luck with the chicks What are you laughing about he's here for the chicks he's here to get laid is what he's here for he wants to get his rocks off He wants to do the old the in-out the old in-out over and over again He wants to do the old bone in routine What's wrong with that? Not him so quit give that guy break quit laughing everybody I think I think that maybe you are a little stupid WQAM Hello Neil Yes sir Hey, what on man am I more email with it What what that was that gonna be I don't I don't we doing English show on here Okay, just like the pool with you yesterday speaking English what was that something about sleep blue and the priest blue and then you cut him off and have a good time I just want to contract them in the best interest of the goal We exit and unsports video 560 you a People's acting in the church A holy man Everybody watch club Art in the law Boys, boys, boys Art in the law Others boys, boys, boys He dangling boys with a hat dress Art in the law Others boys, boys Art in the law Others boys, boys He's quite He's back for the girl of the Madagascar To help him cover And the neighborhood of the church He says the head Art in the law Others boys Art in the law Others boys Art in the law Or they act like, like, like, like Art in the law Others boys boys A person has that day One plus Art in the law Others boys Art in the law Others boys I'm not gonna get the results again to lay into the arc because this is all bogus anyway, there's a lot of fun, sure getting something to do out there. How about you QAM? All right, Neil, thank you all for that. Yes, sir, I'm speaking. You're speaking, Neil? Thank you, Martin. Hey Neil, I was just having lunch, and I was watching CNN. Yeah. And they had a meeting of the business and some state I don't know. And they had made mention that they are voting for dismissal from the church. Yeah, I think I had a chance. With cases dealing with molestation. Mm-hmm. I'm thinking myself, the arrogance of these people, you know, I'm not concerned about your dismissal from the church. Well, the head would be turned over to the police. Exactly. That's what I said before. The word J-A-I-L is mysteriously missing from that whole story that I read. Yeah, I mean, if I go K-C-E-E-O-O get together, all you people who are think care of our children, and we decide if you molest the child and get caught you're out of the church. Well, you know, I'm deciding that you go to jail. Right, exactly. Crazy. That's where it's said. Okay, you two. I mean, Jesus Christ, 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line. W-U-A-M. Oh, ah. Hey. Yes, sir. Neil. Yes, I am. Good morning. Good afternoon, sir. Good afternoon. Put a, put him in dog. Uh, Neil, what was the name of that animal shelter you guys raised all that money for last year? Animal rescue. Abetted. Abetted. Abetted. Abetted. Okay. Uh, oh. And by the way, Mr. Alps, because knows and everybody else's business is down here, sharpened. Yeah. He's at the commission meeting for what? Well, what's he down here, raising the bunch of crap about? We got enough problems without his ugly ass down here. Yeah, they got that civil review board for the cops when they shoot people. Oh, yeah. That's what he's got to know. Mm-hmm. Tell them to go back to New York. I don't go away altogether. Have a great day, pal. Okay. Fat ass Al-Shopton. They ought to take him and Jesse Jackson and Louis Farric on the three of them in Settem to Siberia. Send him over to Afghanistan to take care of the Al-Qaeda. Do something useful. Years later, here's a great story from the hero, of course, to Boston, hero, to Real News, paper, not to Miami, Harold. Years later, some charged sexual abuse by nuns. Good. A half-century actress Catholic school boyhood John Kerrigan says he's still hunted by the memories of figure draped in the mantle of the church, finding sexual gratification through his fearful 12-year-old body. Though history echoes countless others in the ever-winding church molestation scandal, it differs and that the alleged abuser was not a priest rather it was a nun. This was one sick woman, Kerrigan 69, sent a deshicago nun who's images captured in oil paint, a scene-be calling Picasso's grain of carrot nightmare. What the was that? Don't know, we don't know. We're not into a art. We're bunch of slabs. While abuse by nuns is little known, it's not in Namely said hatchly Hillary documented allegations against nuns in 23 states for her 1995 book, Habits of Sin and Expose of Nuns who sexually abused children and each other. I don't think people want to go near the fact that women abuse let alone nuns, but believe me it is real said Hill and alleged victim of a molester nun and a new Hampshire Catholic school in 1962. Since Hills bookmarkizations of surfacing including, in Vermont lawsuits by as many as a hundred form residents of Burlington's now shuddered, saying Joseph's orphanage charging sex abuse in the 40s and 50s, the naming of a nun along with 11 priesthood accords who against the diocese of Providence, to impending lawsuits involving Boston owns by 20 Roderick McLean stewnier. Another complaint brought to the art diocese of Boston, a woman said she was raped repeatedly by a nun as a first grader in South Boston 55 years ago. She held me back another year so she could keep doing it said to woman, who said she was guilty to the arts diocese in March of 2002 but was encouraged to keep quiet. The Reverend Chris Quoyne and arts diocese spokesman said there is no record of her complaint. A.W. Richard Sip, a psycho therapist and former priest who done extensive work with pedophile priest, said he's worked on dozens of nun cases. But we said there are no studies regarding the numbers of nuns who molest children, the anecdotal evidence is telling. I was on the same Joseph's orphanage case interviewed number of victims he said, in one case the number will get to boy in a wretched and burn him on the penis penis, noting a threat of Satan's and mixed with sex and many allegations. What did they use to burn him with? The Satan's worth note is Satan's worth noting. I think they got away with sex abuse because of the stereotype of nuns, slacking kids with rulers. Andrew Ketterman means former attorney generals from India with that pattern, as knowledge is not from a courtroom from the New Jersey classroom where he says an unabused him 46 years ago. She would basically say mean things to me as to I start till I started crying that her demeanor would change said Ketterman, whose mother died when he was five. She'd say I'll be like your mother and she'd kiss away everyone those tears, culminating with a very long kiss on the... Now lips. Lips. Oh. Ketterman, who's done colleagues by testifying as a victim at a legislative sex abuse hearing, is quick to point out that his experience may not qualify as sex abuse, which some states define his contact be low the waste. But he paused to consider that the only person he told before the hearing was his wife shortly before their marriage. I probably did think of it as sexual modded my wife to know, look you might be getting damaged goods and Ketterman, with not considering a lawsuit and is made no attempt to locate the nun. While Ketterman says he's couple of memories of abuses in tire life, other cases fall in the more controversial category of so-called recovered memory. Hollywood screenwriter Lizabeth Anderson says after a miscarriage, fight for memories resurfaced of molestation by nuns at no high aborting school. It was just unspeakably terrible she said of the alleged rapes, but sister Kathleen Hughes who's wedged the sisters of the sacred hardware and saying Lewis, which ran the now closed school disputes the accusation. With Thoroughly investigated it in their serious inconsistencies, she said, asserting the number of nuns at a verys in the story and the school rules prohibited none from being alone with a child. Anderson scoffed at that saying having sex with students was also against the rules. While Hughes acknowledges Anderson's complaint other orders may be far more secretive, Gary Schonner reminiscent of the psychotherapist who's treated thousands of religious people, called that troubling because almost all nuns belong to orders. If you want to talk about a secret world, the nunnery is it, he said, that I see this as an open book and pair of a convent. Even if an order is relatively open, victims may have difficult finding nuns who cast off their given names and change names again as they move between orders. Caragon found that to be the case with an unheilageous molested him that we located her with the sisters of charity of the Blessed Virgin Mary in 1993. I'm surprised in fact it would rose a low pebble, rose a bow of low pebble's house. On a toutino's pizza on the 13th of the month. Both the nun who since died in the order denied his accusations, in a neighborhood where the manter was God blessed the nuns, Caragon said his family welcomed her off her to tutor him. What's the classroom door was locked however, unless and stopped. He detailed extended abuse at her hands, though we said he told the Jesuit priest about it in 1954 and others at least had, once a decade, nobody acted. In 1983 his twin brother had told him he too was abused by the same nun. A form of therapy, Caragon causes paintings of his torment or pretty scary and not indicative of his usual work. Is it revenge? I don't know, so Caragon now of New Mexico. I just want these people to make a bonafide attempt to straighten me out the mess they've made for thousands and thousands of people. She was burning his penis. She had a burning yearning. Is what a brold-outer with a cigarette, cigar, blow torch, hot poker, 21-21, here's a problem with George. Yeah, he's stupid. At 560 WCW, we don't have to get graphic, we don't have to get detailed. How did she bring me more than a settling torch? I don't know. Bobby, you grew up? Bobby, you grew up in it? She might have confused it would like an Oscar Meyer? I don't know. Maybe she thought she was heating up lunch. Hey, Delhi lovers? Have you tried South Florida's best-kept secret? Well, at least the best-kept Delhi secret. Jesus crying. That's right. Another Delhi is saying, well, this isn't just another ordinary Delhi. This is the brother's Delhi. It's real New York-style Delhi food and service and it's absolutely best. Even mode would be impressed. The original brothers' restaurant they've been putting on the corn leaf for strumming and scrumptious Briscan on thousands of sandwiches since 1976. The robrist of sandwiches are so big that two hands hang out and enough. Brothers have got the best homemade soups and salads homemade chop-liver all your favorites and their hands sliced over scocious sand and ore-mind you'd lower each side even if you have no idea where that is. There's a whole bakery and take out the permit brothers could even cater your next holiday or family gathering so when you think of Delhi think of brothers it's sensational. We will put every day for breakfast lunch and dinner in fact just as sick about all day. They're just like family. The original brothers' restaurant even take out kiddoing of corporate functions as well. Visit your brothers at 1325 South Power Line Road or call them at 9.5496-85881 and tell that old Neil sent you by for a fantastic Delhi treat. 9.5-4 not. Commission's call 1-86-6-0 agent for generous old cash off on your house.303 Fuggits Cardboard Count 2.525 Year-fuggits Playable He looks like that's Beyonce With two balls and one out of the side of his mouth that's Beyonce He grab badly for rules as he smooth his legs into third base He's a much worse guy who denies his by my Beyonce He loves dancing with those two that you love to root that's Beyonce He sits the true or your show I believe in don't you? Yeah, he's a very rich bit, pretty finding switchy that the answer There are no gays and sports that's unless you're on for smug Beyonce Jesus Christ, 26 at 560 WKM we got the mad dog What does it they call him the mad dog or the angry puppy there you go he's coming over one Hank is gonna be doing a show from the Belmont from New York from Belmont Park in ready for the big Belmont to Saturday We were talking to Dave Johnson on Friday We're emblem with a triple crown you mark my words plunger brains out at about 3 to 5 Hank like I said it three o'clock 60 we had Marlon on deck and then 705 Marlon's at the fillets Eddie K after baseball and Joan Mark overnight between two and six to who either did very well Very poorly depending on who you believe fixed our pool today on our survey which now has 616 votes shocking They were really intent on looking at us you down to fifth place Boy from the top nearly in the bottom in just a couple of short hours That's how fleeting life is you know Report al-Qaeda threatens attacks The spokesman for the al-Qaeda terror group has threatened more tax on Americans and Jews and a message published by the Pan-Arab Daily al-Ahaid this past weekend We confirm our continuation in the working to attack Americans and Jews and targeted in both people and buildings al-Qaeda quoted sulliman Abu Gaith As saying an article at the newspaper said was published on the website www.alnated.com The site could not be accessed on Sunday What will come to Americans God willing won't be less than what has come America should be ready and higher alert and fast in the seat belts As with the will of God will come to them for more they do not expect Abu Gaith was quoted as saying the newspaper did not give his word about Thug give his home address in phone number Gordon John Drow a spokesman for the White House Office of Homeland Security said Sunday in Washington he was not familiar with the report Couldn't comment in credibility speaking generally of such threats however he said we said for some time That al-Qaeda still interested in attacking the US We've been working since 9.11 to try and prevent the disrupt the organization from attacking the US Also the strength in our critical infrastructure response capabilities against future attacks People preparing to speak for al-Qaeda also made threats against Jews and Westerners since 9.11 Last week if the I-Directed Robert Mueller warned of a possibility of a new terrorist attack against the US There will be another terrorist attack we will not be able to stop at Mueller told a meeting of the National Association of District Turnies It's something we all live with Don't you like his positive attitude? Yeah, there will be another terrorist attack we will not be able to stop it Abu Gaith said the United States was targeted because of what it does in regions of the Islamic world and being in partnership with the Jews The head of corruption and decay the reason behind all the injustice and oppression that be fell on Muslims He said all that Israel was doing in Palestinian territories for more than 50 years was with American blessings He said US policies in Iraq Afghanistan and Somalia as well as in the Sudan Philippines, Kashmir and Indonesia were against Muslims After all of this doesn't the prey have the right While it is being slaughtered a kickback that's PR-EY he was quoted as saying Abu Gaith was stripped of his quidiy citizenship in our cover after the former teacher in mass preacher Approved in TV broadcast on behalf of Osama Yamama the prime suspect in the attack on an umbrella 560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless lines WQA and hello Hello and In the very short call WQA and Yes sir I've got a sighting for you. I just left Royal Castle and Wayne himself was pulling out of the driveway Excellent he looked huge this is yours, all right? No, oh, why do I speak to George? I don't know. That's not me. Anyway welcome back. Thanks. Say how to wait and give me a big kiss for us One other thing the guy that called in about the he the cops being recruited in Haiti Yeah, I think another thing on the old was gone But why are you talking to me like in the third person this is Neil? I just have a bad connection I'm fine. Okay But I thought you might like this one too. Apparently two inspectors that are in airport here in the US Had a guy arrested who was trying to speak to them in English And neither of the inspectors spoke English as the first language which caused the original guy to get arrested Because they thought he was making a bomb threat There you go. Unbelievable. Okay, get back to America while you can. Welcome back. Good luck him. I will. I'm not even New America. Maybe like North America for the North. 5. Oh look at that. WQAM. WQAM. Yes sir. How you doing? Good. You just lit my fuse but good with that last article you read about the nuns. Yeah. I was taught by nuns. Also my grammar school education. They are the worst thing that the church has ever put on anybody. They are not physically abused but I was mentally and physically tormented by them. They are just miserable. They have no compassion and only later life if I really thought about what their physical abuse That they are actually getting their rocks not off on. See that's why I can't understand whether it is still even with all the knowledge that we have now. Whether still our parents or well-minturn their children over these six sick twisted assholes who do all these bizarre and grotesque and the sadistic things to their kids. They absolutely you could have said it better. They are sick and twisted. I have friends and neighbors who send their kids to cut their school and I do nothing I can't put the discourage it because of the experiences I had. I was told when I was in the seventh grade taking the preparation test for high school that I was in absolute 100% a literate. Really? I was far from a literate. I am not an Einstein but I was not a literate kid. They were continually people laughing you hear about the rules and stuff like this. They would actually paddle everybody. One day I was reading a number wrong when I was in about the third grade where I had my common and decimal places wrong. You have 2,300 and so on. They said they are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. They are not a kid. You wear it on your sleeve. You skinned. It is so soft. It is just love. That is tonight. On Larry King. It is still alive. Prop 57560 WQM. A top A.D. Cardinal Burrard Law was served in 1994 to notify parishioners. That it does not exercise these priests. They have been pulled from churches for most children. But chose to keep it a secret from those affected sources. Did you say yesterday? This is today's Boston Herald. Despite the police from an alarm, none of the soldiers is key deputy. The chief of John McCormick now has been a new hamster. He has been actively hit from base day church. The priest was young from parishioners. A men abuse cases. Church files to be released is again the case. Among those noted were reverence for our J. Lane. Paul J. Mayhand. Paul R. Shanley. Our favorite. Ronald Pacquin and Ernest E. Tornigay. The court was scheduled to be imposed on the road today. He was lost secretary for ministerial personnel. From 1985. I know I sound like a broken record that un-cistered Catholic and multi-rinsed in McCormick and one memo.