You know him, dear wife, as you see him as... She's a bush girl, from a good moral family, a royal dynasty, who knows what's best for us, a good and decent girl, just like an altar, who's a drunk ill-pobble party and reput-lipped in slumber. Another dream with your sadness. All the very kind girl, with the mommy, no lump of, from a third world, who's a new red thief, and people to sing their song and their songs. with your hands Good Christian family with integrity a bright wing example of how we all should be Good Christian family with respect to peace I think that way with no if you don't cheat Good Christian family with respect to peace Good Christian family with respect to peace President Bush's twin daughters who have had brushes but law for underage drinking turn 21 today Marking their birthday in Texas and looking to stay clear the spotlight It says here on CNN.com Both Barbara Bolshevotenzia University in Jenna student University of Texas at Austin where their home state and advance of Thanksgiving family celebration The president and first lady plan to celebrate the win's birthday during holiday weekend What has officials said? How do you like that? You going to be there for the party? I'll try. I told him Colis van de Party started Barbara and Jenna Bolshevodron on welcome headlines over the past years for alcohol related episodes In May 2001 police announced inside both of them providing state alcoholic beverage laws Police accused Barbara Bolshevon a minor in possession of alcohol and Jenna Bolshevon for allegedly trying to use false ID to buy alcohol But no more And they can vote three cup of storm and you know what? I'm sure they will Well, we'd pull the little swish on you over the weekend On the unsuspecting audience out there We started out with a poll. Reason I switched the poll on Friday afternoon is because I looked at that poll and I thought you know We've done this been there done that you know done this before too many times and you're ready to know what the results gonna be Anyway, does TV show too much nudity and indesumatiro this wasn't responding to the Victoria secret uh Ruhaha If you're offended by any show change the f-ing channel stupid 60% of the audience three of it nine said that out of five hundred and fifteen Hell no, I want to see much more 112 desperate auto said that too much violence not enough sex 63 Yes, it needs to be stopped twenty one people that it needs to be stopped too much sex too many nipples and Nine people said no just about the right amount Tickled the death here from Paul Harvey, Jr. and you know something on Friday Showed his two colors you were right rich, packed you're in two bad judges off this week Because for once I'd have to tell him he had his thumb right on and he was right Paul Harvey, Jr. is a major asshole Calls in after we begged day. I got little Joe way to call in some voices from the past. I think it was one other one and then Paul Harvey, Jr He wasn't listening well. I listened to Tony Bruno Hahaha and I hear you after him right all the way to the end Didn't know that the thanks for calling lady had passed away didn't know anything it's going on in the show This is the same guy that thought Christine and Moron was a great hockey announcer. Paul Harvey, Jr. you're out sweetheart. You're dead meat Now here's the second pull we took And it's real interesting to me to go to show you the kind of audience we've got we've got a you know big audience out there to probably And that they're they're just at an hour. They're never happy. They're never satisfied. It's a typical South Florida syndrome No matter what you do, wow, we know like this and we don't like that See if larnasle and ball just to use an example if he took a pull Among his audience of millions and millions of ditto heads. I guarantee an 98% would say even if we disagree with you We like it just fine. Don't change a thing. It's just just the way it is out in this crowd We asked you I'd like Neil show better if and it would give you some choices Let's see, 610 said I like it fine now that 74.4% are the 680 19, but That leaves over a quarter of the audience. It's you know got a problem for example if he was religious 22 people 2.6% said if I was religious, I'd like to show better. Got about it right if he was nice. It a mole 49 people 5.8% said if he was nice. It a mole. We like him better. Got about it. We draw the line at nine. Don't forget about that. Okay, no chance If he was straight 51 6.1% you think that's gonna happen. Got about right And my favorite which got the greatest response here in terms of if we could just change to please those people in the audience If he wasn't so liberal 91 people almost 11% said if I weren't so liberal, I'd like to show better. What guess what? Got about it. I forget about that too Very very sad This is the prerequisite for being on the year in America today. You have to be right wing and hope the further the the right the better the bigger numbers are gonna be That's why we're gonna do this poll today just to see if there's anybody out there who's not to the right of it till the hunt and no matter what to resolve the poll is gonna be But got about I'm not this selling out just to please a handful of assholes in the audience. Okay, oh if you just more conservative if you just suck up to present a little bit more No, isn't gonna happen. I get paid the same regardless Here's the poll question today. How do you rate yourself politically? Very liberal Fairly liberal independent fairly conservative very conservative like Miguel or not into politics at all I think we covered all the bases there, don't you? Sure, did we touch them all? Don't don't try to like, you know pretend that you're on the outside of this thing. We know where you're coming from. We saw we saw your card How do you rate yourself politically? Very liberal fairly liberal independent fairly conservative very conservative like Miguel or not in a place Politics at all and that's the poll. So we'll see we'll see if there's any hope. I don't think so. I think I think the party's over Bin Laden takes found in Valley House Indonesian police yesterday found video recordings of speeches by Osama Yamama and other extremist Islamic propaganda at two houses once read it by the alleged mastermind of last month's bombings in Valley The discovery appeared to strengthen growing suspicions that Islamic radical sympathetic to bin Laden's al-Qaeda terror network Where behind the October 16 blasted killed nearly 200 people mostly for interests, mostly Australians Officers also on earth an empty cartridge for an M16 assault rifle and while they two houses near solo cities central Java local police Lieutenant Colonel Bombang Hamaruss said Hamaruss said the houses were once read by Imam Saman or Samudra the top suspect in the bombings and several of his alleged accomplices Samudra was arrested Thursday at a very port on the west end of Java police say he's confessed to planning the bombings and they also received military training in Afghanistan We filed recordings of speeches by Osama Yamama bin Laden and military training clips featuring Arabs said sergeant why you hono who like many Indonesians use only one name Did you know that only Indonesians lot of only use one name? Office is also recovered several militant Islamic magazines at taping court in the computer at these state news agency interracites There you go the fine finger over Osama Yamama is right in there And then of course these Saudis see that's where we ought to be bombing. I was gonna do that pull question today. I'll save it for tomorrow Who we ought to be attacking first and foremost ought to be Saudi Arabia. We ought to be over there bombing a rei back into the stone age. They don't have far to go and just put kind of a big hose We already got our base over there just took up a big hose so Americans can have like 25 cents a gallon gasoline And we wouldn't have to be worrying about Christians for against this UVs and all the southern bullcraft That's what we ought to be doing and of course they got all these excuses and they got the schmatahids come out on their talking real soft You know, well how do you people kidn over there at Saudi Arabia not kidding this kid. I'll tell you that scumbags But before we get into that Basketball squimage a church center turns violent one player shoots another and Milwaukee This of course right in tandem with the Aberrant behavior in Columbus so high. I was very pleased. I had to say this Mr. Mad Dog. I was pleased. I saw the end of that Ohio State Michigan game on Saturday I was ecstatic the CO House day when I came. It was a beautiful thing Didn't you like it? Why is that? Why don't you do that so much? Because I went to Michigan State. I hate Michigan. By the way, do you see the Penn State Michigan State score? What was it? 161 to 7 something like that? That was close. Yeah, we stink and we see we don't care Meas you get me wild has got real tourists. They got those NCAA problems going on now and they lose to Ohio State in a big game Oh, Mad Dog's gonna be it's quite of the dolphin when yesterday. He's gonna be hanging is said big time like Tom do the day Speaking of football man. I'm telling him still sick to my stomach from that dog that we would game yesterday even over one man New England Paul. What can I tell you? Tommy Brady played good. He looked pretty good to me But boy, oh boy, they just try to make it exciting. It's always got to be exciting. They never want to blow anybody out when it that lets blow him out Now, let's make it exciting. Let's tear your guts out a basketball scrimmage of on teenagers at a church recreation center turned violent When one boy shut another after this after a dispute over a foul police in Milwaukee. How do you like that over a foul? Oh, I want no foul Tyrone turn a 17 was hospitalized yesterday after being shot twice during the game at a gymnasium at late in Parking Evangelical Church on Saturday His condition was upgraded this had a factory. Authorities are still searching for a 13 to 50 year old suspect It was strictly an argument in the heat of a basketball say a game said police lieutenant Thomas Wells police had the shooting happened during a practice for the churches Community youth basketball team or attended 12 boys were practicing without the coach According to witnesses one boy followed the other one the suspect and threw a ball at turn age with the suspect in the face His nose bleeding the suspect walked off the court reached into a book bag on the sideline and got turn age when he followed him He was lying on the ground saying, God forgive me for all my sins. God forgive me for all my sins. He just kept saying that over and over again to the angel or right 16 Tyrone was just on the ground screaming Mary or Lezano who runs the basketball program said team members are required to be in high school and must take part in weekly Bible studies to participate. He said the suspect is not a member of the team. How do you like that? They have to take part in weekly Bible studies We need a lot more guns. Lot more guns. And you know what else we need to go along with that guns and booze like at that Ohio State game. Maybe lots of booze like a bush's do's would tell you bush booze and football Mark and if and wait make no mistake about it. Which is it we need not more beers at football games? Definitely always more beer. That's the reason a lot of us stop going at all. It gains into first place and finally just turned on the whole damn thing just out of discuss was you you drunks you have not just idiotic drunks who go to football games Before to get even start your like a blocked out of your mind sloppy and obnoxious and loud and nasty and brawling and fight in the stands. Yeah, well, that's what you like and you're not sitting out there. You're up in a guy there box anyway Your auntie or in your seat or in my seats. Very nice. Yeah, that's right. I forgot about that or you sit in my seats in my nice box. Hey Miguel stay out of my box 1913 at 560 WQM. Had holidays are here baby. Thanks give it'll be here in a couple of days. And then of course you get the big stuff you got Christmas and Hanika New Year's got all those guests coming. You want to spruce up the house and make it appear that you're really like to not the slot that you probably really are. How you do that you call our good friends to dry concepts. You can check them out on the web at dry concepts calm if you like you'd all the information on the fantastic stuff they do for you I don't need to check them on the web because I know about I've been using them in my house for over 20 years and once you use them you'd never dream I guarantee you'd never dream of calling anybody else because they do waste to pennies unbelievable job they give you a guaranteed written price before they start they make your carpets looks sparkling just like brand new They dry a couple of hours they smell and they fresh and you're ready to rock and roll and put on a good front for all your company and don't forget they also do a stupidness unbeatable job A furniture cleaning drapeery cleaning spot dying fiber protection carpet repairs in plant or annual rug service second and nobody in the world and that great new plant There's the authorization and if a flood hits your house complete water damage restoration to there the best in the world is as simple as that you can call him toll free from anywhere. It's 1-800-248-5071 1-800-248-5071 so clean it up for the holidays for all your guests that you're going to be entertaining clean today and retain tonight not just their slogan is their business at dry concepts Oh, no, my queen got something about you so plump you look great there on my table Take one of your legs, lift it up and rip it off and eat it. You know you're a bird right know what day it is I thought to carve you with my knife it's stainless steel blade I hate to do it it's so fine to see you cut it such a shame Got that white leaf way down to the bone right by my listen tender share you with the people in my home Family members baby roaster 25 pounder The carcass left over Dharma walked back How do you like that? You look the way that ended? Little abrupt? Just abrupt. I like those bits of it and like, uh, and leave you like hanging. The pull is up. 19 votes already. How do you rate yourself politically? Fairly liberal five independent four. Very liberal four. And by the way, we will be tracing those of you who save very liberal. I'll be a little knock on you during about a half an hour. Not into politics at all three. Fairly conservative, too, and very conservative. Oh, I guess Miguel voted already. Let's be put it fairly. Was that your vote you voted fairly? Uh-huh. Likely story. Fascist in denial. Don't forget to join the overnight guys, Joe and Mark tonight, 9-11 against Bees and Davies staff by the win prizes. Enjoy specials on Crown Royal. Maybe you can celebrate the Bush girl's birthday, huh? It's the 49ers and the Eagles for Monday night football, Gatsby's, and I was going to say, it should be a pretty good game tonight, but you never know. The NFL is so mediocre now that the who the hell knows? Look at the results from yesterday. Did Giants lose into a girls team like that? Tampa Bay would at Big Fat Warrens' sat beating Green Bay pounding Green Bay, who lose for the second week in a row, not that it makes any difference. Saudi 9-11 money, trail probe continues. Allegations that money from these Saudi world family indirectly helped two 9-11 hijackers mean a wealth finance terrorist structure still could be in place in America capable of striking again. Lawmaker, say, yesterday. Oye! A link between the Saudi government and the hijackers if true raises the stakes substantially of what the threat is in the US and Democratic Senator VDIBODGREAM of Florida outgoing Chairman of these Senate Intelligence Committee, such an effort could facilitate the next wave of terror. Wait till we get to what his counterpart there is a Republican buddy Bobch, a Richard Shelby had to say? I don't understand how the public is able to continue functioning from day to day, but all these psychotic terror warnings. Anyway, a White House official told CBS News correspondent Mark Noller, it's important not to rush to judgment. I think we don't want to pick on the Saudis too much. Because there are partners in crime. Saudi officials have denied doing anything intentionally to help the 19 hijackers and one 15 were from their country. Foreign policy adviser, Idale Elju Beer, say yesterday, we will be merciless against people in a more on terrorism. Right. The FBI is investigating financial records indicating that Princess Hyphalph Isle worked for the Saudi ambassador wrote monthly checks that ultimately went to the accounts of all more al-Boyami and Osama Bosnan, two hijackers in the plane crash in the Pentagon. May have got money from these men while the terrorists were living in the United States. A spokesman for the Saudi embassy told CBS News on Saturday that the students received no money from Princess Hyph as a candidate. The allegations absolutely not true. It reminds me of when that Egypt airplane crash. Remember that? The Egyptian pilot who decided it was his turn to fly the plane and was muddling all out of the praise all of us. And then all of a sudden they went into a swan dive and everybody died. And the Egyptian government was saying, oh no, wasn't him. He didn't do it. Yeah, it was an accident. Arabs in denial. That's what it always is. Arabs in denial. Senator Richard Shelby don't call me dick. And eight year veteran of these seven thousands committee warned Americans yesterday to expect another major attack from Al-Qaeda. Oh, absolutely. Now, wait till you're the quote. Oh, absolutely. It's going to happen. Shelby said NBC's meet the press. He said he based his opinion partly on a warning of a spectacular attack contained in that audio tape broadcast of ever 12 on Al-Jazeera TV and the Persian Gulf Emirate gutter. U.S. intelligence experts have proven to the tape to Osama Yamama. There were several messages. There said Shelby, one to all of his supporters and to us that he's alive, he's kicking and he's going to be around. And I think he also said the message he's going to attack and attack our ally. In an interview a week ago, Shelby noted a rise in interceptive communications that suggests terrorist strikes with a bin Laden tape as possible harbingers of a new attack. And actually, I'm warning that followed the appearance of the tape was not overblown. He said, and there are ominous signs. We should not ignore ominous. He spoke with more certainly yesterday. Wait till you hear this last quote. He says, I think it'll be spectacular. He said, will it be on the order of the world trade tower? Depending on our hope not, but that's something we've got to stop. It'll be spectacular. So Richard Shelby, nice to hear the word. Yeah, just in time for Thanksgiving to make you really enjoy your holidays. Do like kind of crawling over the table and wait for the all clear. Pile a crap. Think we're going to get any calls for them. It is a holiday week. It could be pretty grim. Or just think. 567.056, the pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. I just mentioned that I threw that out there and passing, you know, just the amusement of the audience. Like you to call or two here near, right Carlos, like you're one or two. There's one. There's one. Well, grab it. Grab it man. Don't just sit there looking at it. Grab it. He hung up on me. Good. Good for him. Probably the best. That guy to rise, Brighai. Waiting for our first call of the week. This could be this could determine the tone of this entire week on a show Thursday by the way, the beast. Oh, I'm Thanksgiving Day is going to be on this kind of a treat. For everybody, we hope it's going to be a treat as opposed to those crappy best of tapes. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. The Saudis are subsidizing even more so than we thought, terror attacks. They're right in checks. They fund those madrosis. They're teaching them. They're training them. They're supporting them. They're encouraging them. And then they lie about it. And the public don't have a guy damn thing to say about anything, which is typical. Sir crowd. Our malcontent crowd. Oh, we sure wish you were more liberal, Neil. We wish you were a nice, heterosexual guy. We'd like a wife and 15 kids. We sure wish it was this and we sure were that. Here's for the other day, hello. Good morning, Neil. How are you? Okay. Wow, first of all, today I'm in front. Well, we're not impressed yet. We'll see. All right. I'll go back to the thing about the Victoria Secret, Newt and G. On Tellers, the thing that I can't find. Go ahead. Let me ask you a question. What is the difference between a overweight man with a hairless check and large breast or a man that's a bodybuilder with large check, hairless and a woman's breast on Tellers? What is the difference? Good question. Excellent question. How can they say that one's bad and one's good? Where are they getting off to say that I'm a heterosexual man? I don't care if it's a man or woman on Tellers. I don't understand the difference. You do isn't any difference, but you keep in mind, this is the same government where the attorney general had to cover up the statue, just the statue of woman's breasts with a sheet. That's not that sort of thing. Like a woman that's breastfeeding child. I don't, I think that's personal. I don't really care to see that, but you know what I mean? I don't see how they can say that, you know, I don't know how to do that. And I not only have a why can we see the rest of the breast but not the nipple. What is it about the nipple that gets the FCC and all these right wingers so crazy? What is it? I can go to some of these tripart now and they have to wear these little pieces of tape over the nipple. Right, what are the pasties? That's right. What is the difference? It's a big arc. We'll find out for you today. You're great buddy. Have a great day. We're going to find out what's the difference, okay? Between fat boys and nipples, between his breasts. Oh, how'd you like to see that, huh? Oh my god. Can you imagine? Can you imagine Josh Friedman's breasts? He'd have to wear like a thing. They'd have to wear a Z Cup. Just gigantic enormous disgusting nasty things. How about those sumo wrestlers? We see them on TV all the time. Don't we? That's almost comic of it. Yeah, that's not the point. They've got brish the sizes some people that you've seen. Certainly bigger than Carlos. I hope you get nobody gets all bent on a shape. It says, oh my god, we saw the brish down there and I hate to break the news to you, folks. I know maybe some of you haven't checked lately, but men have nipples. I'm not there, no. This sports when you're by stickin' you out of the U.A.F. Sports coverage that's my life. Look up your choice, you're cheap. You're cheap. I think I like my baby. You know, come out and rode. Stop it, man, and mate. I want to tell a fan of what I heard of, Barbon Sip. I want to tell everything I know. I want to break up the secret fire. What a people's heart, body's got to go. You know, Neil Tolerary, Richie Tolerary, Barbon Sip. Barbon Sip. Any Tolerary mother. Tell her, rather, to don't stop you, pop. I'm gonna tell everything I know. Just like then. I noticed I have a comedy bit or a drop in or something for just about anything you might send my way. You noticed that? I thought we were you to have no idea who that is. That was Dion. I'm for the uninitiated. There are a couple of punks. I have no idea. It wouldn't know Dion from Median Sanders. The watch with a wander. Yeah, the one from the wanderer. Very good, Carlos. The one from the wanderer. You know, and run around Sue and the stuff like that. The one from the wanderer. Anyway, love Dion's music. But, in the fact of the matter is that he turned out to be an asshole. Was a big fan I was on IOD. We had him in the studio that day. Love the show. He's sitting there with his that cap that silly cap he's been wearing. Anyway, the fact says Dion sang with Bruce Springsteen this past weekend at the Merc in Irland, so we know one song he sang with Springsteen. Yeah, I look like it was 100 years old. He was done and he signature hat in jeans. I guess he thinks he's still 20. Anyway, I was about 5 feet from him in a VIP section and I said the arages is God. He turned to me, shot me a bird and turned away. Yeah, see, he knew that simple asoothing man. They even sent us a letter. This is after we had him on the air. He showed up at one of our appearances also in addition to coming into the studio. So twice he was consorting with us at least. Big fan of the show at that time he lives up in Boka. But you know the kind of kind of sour people live up in Boka. But at any rate, and then we were our complaints of list to instance by the letter that they sent all well, Ernie Maresco, who wrote that, or ribbon hell, was a very offended well, tough crap, okay? There's nothing wrong with syphilisoo. It's a funny song, period. You don't you guys think? Yeah. Everybody loves syphilisoo. And so since that day he turned on us, which is why I'm sure if this is true, we shot the guy to bird because now I'm a bad guy. Still have your music, Dion. Still sing like crazy. You're just an idiot. You're just a shmithead. See, just like I've been trying to tell you folks, because somebody is a good performer. Doesn't mean necessarily. See what I'm saying? Doesn't mean that they are a good person. They can be a great performer and be a real asshole, be a shmithead. And Dion, I guess, in that particular case, or maybe he's just overly sensitive. Maybe that's his problem. I don't know. Now, what are you doing with these promos here? I'm certainly getting really aggravated. Sorry. Did it was this your work? No. Join the overnight guys. Do you want Mark tonight 9-9-9, we'll have him along with a special guest in the Dolphins, Trent Gamble. Who the hell get us a crap about who's that? Just Trent Gamble is related to Bruce Gamble? I think it's a linebacker. Specialty. Who the hell knows who that is? See, neither one of you know who I think it's a linebacker. He's a little bit... He's a little bit... Get out of here. He wouldn't know Trent Gamble from Trent Green. I had a crack at that. I'd rather hang out with Trent Green myself. Stuff out of him when primes enjoy specials on Crown Royal. It's the 49ers and Eagles from London and Football. Why not at Gatsby's in Davy? Why not just make a book out of this like that one piece of copy that Skippy sent me this morning? It's a book. It's 400 pages long. What am I getting all worked up about it's only Monday? I got Thursday off for Thanksgiving with the advice work and just kind down. Just take the money, okay? Take the money and run. That's what Len Samuel tells me. Just take the money and be glad you work. Every other liberals got kicked off the year already, you're right, Len. 86 votes. How do you rate yourself politically? Fairly liberal 35. Independent 18. Largely conservative 11. That's Miguel. Fairly like wishy washy. But leaning to the right. 9. And a public ex- at all 8. Very liberal 7. And very conservative 7. So we got two people on the extremes on the outer fringes there when the age is very this and very that. Who are the liberals? See, this is the problem when you come right down to it. What liberals have we got left? This is why there's no liberal talk show host because there's nobody. There's nobody to support us. First of all, you got your feminist, okay? The women who want to get into Augusta. Which I don't give a crap anymore because it's golf. It's stupid. Feminists. Do we have any feminist? We don't have any women in the first place. We don't have any of those. Then you got your shfarts, you're okay. They're vote democratic because it's the only choice they've got. How many we got a lot of them? We don't have a lot of dark folks. There's no few, just a smattering. Then you got your fags. Right? Yeah. Most fags vote democratic or liberal. But the problem is they're not listening to show because I don't look like Tom Brady. They're not really good. Then we'd have all the male fags. Dikes for get about. So we don't have them. And then you got old Jews. Our still liberals most of them. So see, you put those categories together there and we don't have those people listening. So what am I talking about? What are you talking about? I'm talking to myself on a show. I'm sitting here reading all the stuff about Bush did that and Rumsfield did this. But I mean, but all these months I've been doing I'm as well be farting into a windstorm for all the impact I had. Got Paul Harvey Juni right there's got the intellect of our fruit fly. Who I'm listening to Tony Brutal. Yeah, good. Get out of our hair, okay. You idiot. You simple then. I'll say it again. Rich Packard was right. But I'm more on. This is a guy that thought Stan Major was funny. What does that tell you? And I'm sitting here peaking my guts on. There's no point. There is no more liberal anywhere in America. And then this poor bitch up here, which I was the first one given that story last week. In the middle of the week, way ahead of everybody else because it was on the front page of the National Post about John Cretchen's assistant, who she says, you know, kind of like in passing that George W. is a moron. Well, there's no big bullet in there. And now they make it a big stink about that. I guess I'm crossfire. They're going to be discussing that tonight back and forth. Everybody knows he's a moron. Even he knows he's a moron. Why do you think he's got that look on his face? 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Happy turkey day to you folks. Canadian Thanksgiving was last month. So it ain't going to be no turkey up here on Thursday. Oh, not a shame. Here is Volker. Hello. Volker. Yeah, a little sheepish. But I must have been deon. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. All right. How are you doing? Okay. I've the lucky day for 15 years. He's in the first time I've ever called. Okay. I got a question. You know, we had the world train to have things. You know, 14 months ago. Every day or you know, every other day we hear this up. They're going to bomb us and do this. Could do that. Why does anything happen to the last 14 months of the US? They're supposed to have this war with us. And they haven't hit us. They haven't done anything. This is why I swear. I believe it was all an upside job. And we're going to start getting it. It was an end. Wait, what does that mean? It was an inside job. So what does that mean? I think. I hope that you don't mean what I think you mean when you say it was an inside job. What does that mean? It was a shot of my own people. By what what what people are you talking about. Sir, you're suggesting that our government was responsible for killing 3000 innocent people. Absolutely. Our current administration is just. Oh, get on it. Wow. Well, what kind of crap is that maybe you can a loaf with Bill Mar, okay? You idiot. See, that's what's wrong with talk radio. And that's why I enjoyed those seven months of the bedtime stories. Even on my gal didn't. How do you know? You didn't like, you know, don't lie. I'm asking you how you knew. Because I said, you did not. It's not your bag. Okay, about your thing. You're just not an intellectual. Your markers didn't get laid all the time. That's your big thing. Absolutely correct. Well, so am I, but I can't we can't all look like you, okay? But the fact that a man plus we don't all have that nice new mattress from mattress like you got true. But what kind of swell? What kind of smuck calls off a talk show? I mean, yeah, you can say it. That's your opinion. You're entitled to it. But I don't want to listen to it. It's it's grow. It's grow. Test. We know that there were 19 of these assholes. We know 15 of them were Saudis. We know they were all Arabs. And here's the guy was an inside job. And because nothing has happened for 14 months. Therefore, this guy tells us that nothing's going to happen again. Well, if that's the case of was an inside job, why does not our government go ahead to Same people who supposedly were behind the first place and do something else just to Progulus that it's going to be bad. Why don't they at least you a bunch of crap? Speaking of a bunch of crap, by the way, people magazine. This has got to be a comedy magazine, doesn't it? Every year, for the last 400 years, the sexiest man alive. Well, I happen to be in the new stand yesterday, so I picked this piece of crap up. And great expense to me. Thank God it's Canadian currency. Ben Affleck is on a coin out of his knees. Okay, I mean, you know, I take a look at it. Ben Affleck, he's all right. Is he the sexiest man alive? Not even close. And when I get to this thing and read you the name, Don Rumsfeld is one of the people in here. I like that. Don Rumsfeld is one of these sexiest men on a face of the earth. And also when people magazine under these surprisingly sexy category, James Gandalfini, how do you like that? James Gandalfini, is he sexier what, huh? Thoughts, thought right there. He is pretty goddamn hot. My life and local, your sports radio 560's you a- You a-yeah. Holy Macanot, this is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs, and you're listening to the hockey authority Neo God. This week on Eve, it's the end of the call, thanksgiving special. Yeah, I'm doing a part of it. She ate the entire freaking turkey. A big fat turkey. She ate the cat too. Let's see a one for small kids, folks. The end of the call, thanksgiving special. We're gonna have scary for sure. 943 at 560 WQM happy Monday 2 and happy Thanksgiving, speaking of hockey. How about those recently to the big, a-oh. They turned it around, I have no idea how. And how about those Panthers last night, steal an appointment and an-hime against Brian Marie's mighty dub, huh? That was pretty exciting. Last part of the regulation came from two goals down, sandus, ozone, ties it up there at the end, him and Kristen Huzilius, and Steve E. Weiss, they're playing great. Even though it's a bunch of ties, but nevertheless, they stole a point there, great overtime, wide open, like it's supposed to be those intercomference games. Any interest? Joe. Oh, I just don't get it. I scratch my head, my thing, and I keep asking myself, how can we have a hockey team in South Florida? Now, Miguel goes to a hockey gamer too? Or two, yeah. Use through anyway. Good to have him did it one this season. No, I haven't. How did I know that? Well, I did it one. And of course, Carlos tells me before the show today, hasn't been to the inn of the inn of the arena for anything yet. Even forget about a hockey game to a concert to anything. But in the inn of the inn of the inn of the inn of the inn, we only had it for five years, dummy. Okay, you better get in there before they decide to close it down before the team moves away, like the shadows there somewhere. God, bunch of deadheads in that town. In Miami, here's some good news, though, in Miami, a treat to top rocker fenders. Good news in the New York Times, no less. Miami may not have snow or much of a winner for that matter, but it's determined not to be a dumb when it comes to holiday cheer. To prove it to city claims that as the tallest Christmas tree in a country. How right. Did you know that? Yep. Not, you can see me, Miguel Nucas, he was reading the paper. Carlos, don't read the paper, is he only reads the funny papers? Never mind that the tree 110 foot Norway spruce had to be shipped in from Yorktown, Heights, New York, and is sitting in a pool of water, so won't wither too quickly in the tropical heat? No one here seems to find it strange either that the tree is surrounded by palms and a downtown park near a faithful sailboats. We always felt Miami was lacking something in the holiday spirit, being in it so warm, said Nelson Albarraida, a president of Unipro group, a marketing entertainment company, that's setting up the tree in the miniature holiday village around it. I think a lot of people from South Florida, when they think holidays think of snow and cold in New York. Mr. Albarraida said what resembles New York and holidays but a tree. Pushing things of it, Mr. Albarraida, both of that Miami not only had the largest tree, but perhaps the most spectacular one as well, don't tell that to the folks at Rockefeller Center who all but called it scrawny. If I came back with a tree that's tall, narrow and skinny, wouldn't be fun, so David Murback, the Rockefeller Center Gardens managers have been picking the tree there for 19 years, New Yorkers are very outspoken, he said. In other words, if we had a skinny one, people would have laughed at it, and the tree too. This year Mr. Murback selected a 76 foot Norway spruce, discovered in Bloomsbury, New Jersey after a year long search. He said you can easily find tall trees, but it's hard to find one that's dense and wide enough. I'll bet you ours is wider and denser in our tree too. What he has to know is that the Rockefeller Center tree, which is 70 years old, is 44 feet wide in its face. The Miami tree estimated to be 85 to 100 years old is 55 feet wide, but it had cosmetic help. Branch implants actually, workers nailed and tied, dozens of extra limbs to the Miami spruce, to give it a more full figure of appearance. They spruce it up, in other words. The naturally well-indowed Rockefeller Center tree required no such enhancement. Well-indowed. New York Times used in spicy language like that, well-indowed. And you got the FCC word about a couple of nipples on TV on Victoria's Secret, and all these damn emails all 300 of them coming into the FCC, as if that means something. Much of crap. 123 votes on the pool, how do you rate yourself politically? Is there any hope out there to combat this wave of right wing extremism in America? Of course not. Fairly liberal 48, independent 22, fairly conservative 17, very liberal 14, not in a politics at all 13, very conservative, nine. Like Robert Creeper, he's one of those nine, self-hating right wing. Very very very conservative. Do you say, do you say fairy? Would you just say? Very. Do you hear what Robert Miguel just called you a fairy? The last week we discovered that he's a unit, he just didn't have anything. Has no equipment. And Verizon line Del Rey Beach, hello? Hey, Neil. Yes sir. Hey, listen, I think you sell yourself short sometimes because I've met you and Tom Brady and one, you'd definitely better look at. That's the first point. Second point is about the hijacking that more on earlier. Yeah, he's got a good thing that came out of that was that some of those hijackers had no idea that we're going to crash into the building. Yeah. Did you know that? Yeah, the last point is a guy who said the guy was no shirt and a girl with no shirt basically the same thing. Put you with no shirt on next to Jackie Johnson from Channel 7. Same thing. Same thing, wouldn't you say? The point that Guy was trying to make is why is that female breasts get everybody so titillated if I can say that? No, not anymore. I can't. In terms of like seeing a little baroness here or baroness there and it's the same thing with ass American TV. If there's going to be naked ass, they put the gray a little square over it because God forbid you should see. Huh? Not Spanish TV. No, not Spanish TV because that's got European origins in it. Okay, all of your pain channels, they would be embarrassed to be doing something like that. They'd be humiliated and degraded. They'd be laughed off the air. They would put like a little gray thing over somebody's cheek. And then the interesting thing of it is to go back to the thing about comparing a man's big fat breast to a woman's breast and a same thing with cheeks. Here's a little baby like the the pamper spots. You see those TV spots right and you see the babies ass naked. There's a little baby's ass. So how old you have to be? How big does your ass have to be before become sexual and threatening? Okay, that's the obvious question. Maybe we can get an answer from the F.C. Bunch of assholes, bunch of crap. When is the, I mean, here we're right here. Richard Shelby's on there yesterday saying, It's coming any day now. They're going to be spectacular. Taxes get ready to die. Okay. And what's America worried about a little bit of bear skin on TV? This is, this is one of the many things wrong with America. Crazy people. Uptight right wing lunatics who want to be pressed everybody. Who want the whole world to be just as sexually repressed as they are. And thank goodness we got plenty of men Florida because that's the state motto. Okay, misery loves company. We want you to be just as miserable as we are, which is why anytime you spend out of Florida is time well spent. Believe me, trust me what I tell you. Air v second of your life that you're outside of Florida is a second of happiness and greatness. Even if you're in God damn entry any place else can only be an improvement. Misery loves company. We want you to be just as miserable as we are. And look at this tremendous response. We get this guy that calls before it opens up a mouth about the government. Was behind the attacks on 9.11. Kill 3000 innocent people in New York and in Washington, D.C. And look at a response. From our, Inthusiastic crowd. From our football, from our overdone, our overdosed football crowd. Too much booze. That's what happened at the Columbus Ohio. I'll tell you that right now. Why not just burn the whole goddamn town down kids, you idiots. College games spark fan riots and not just in Ohio, by the way. Not just there. Police fired tear gas and wooden pellets to break our brightening. By Collins football fans who said fires to cars through bottles and burn furniture in the streets. Or at Sunday and celebration of Ohio State University's victory over rival Misha again. At least it doesn't fires were sitting at the Columbus campus. Police said 45 people are elected for disorderly kind of alcohol violations. Football celebrations also got out of hand in South Carolina. California, North Carolina and Washington as well. How do you like that? Anyone in a lie? Because getting drunk in football. That's the American fucking way. Exactly. You got to. You got your thumb on it. But we got spectacular attacks coming baby. We got to get down to brass tax to business. Don't we? No. No. Do you just give us the ball ready for some smash mouth football? That's what it's all about. Man. 566, 70560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Lodderdale by the sea. Hello. Hello Neil. How you doing? Good morning. You're seeing a morning too. Let me tell you something. You've been in the radio business for a lot of years. Okay. And I know probably expression but you've had a lot of episodes called you on here. But you're a guy about 10 minutes ago who called about the world trade center of the day. I get to tell you he has to read as probably number one. He's probably the biggest asshole I've ever heard on the radio. He's right here. He's right here. He's got to the world trade center for five months. I was up there digging through the rubble and you know, I don't appreciate what that guy had to say. You know, I know you have color ID because you know what? I've got to have his number because I'm not coming through the night. And I'll kick his ass. Okay. All right. He's an asshole. He said we'll send Luca Brassie with you to help you out. No, I don't need nobody. I don't need anybody. He's the one to be the one to take care of him. Okay. All right, Neil. He's the biggest asshole. I've ever heard on the radio. How am I with you? All right, brother. Thanks. Thanks, brother. Yeah, well, San James Gandalfini. They're that'll fix him. Who's not only a tough guy, but also very cute. According to people magazine. This is the most ludicrous. See, they have a bunch of women picking these guys. Now I understand why some of you really ugly guys out there got hot wives and girlfriends. Because they either got bad taste bad eyesight or whatever. Or maybe you guys have got something that doesn't meet the eye readily apparently. See what I'm saying? Money. That's one of them. But this magazine, man. See if they just picked some of us.And faster than it probably is. I won't have the ninja 하나�ering. Somebody's a good guy instead of pulling five pigments. Offering the cast and thief. Or you, what's next, I guess. Who knows what's wrong with you. If there's brother, that means that the stuff gets to US each. Lures like to know the same thing. We know stuff normally would seem already gay. But you look dope. Why pronob Mongica. It's right in the middle of this section. This section goes on for about 100 pages here at People magazine. And that's it. That's the only approximation. Is he on the list? Does he get any kind of mention? No. Tom Welling mentioned in there. No. No. The only Tom I see in here is Tom Cruise. Boy, talk about an old troll. Talk about a burnout. Talk about gross. The hunchback of Boston College. What's some other Catholic school beside Notre Dame? Holy cross. The hunchback of Holy cross. Well, I'm sick and tired of Notre Dame. Okay, they make me sick of my stomach. And why is it that Notre Dame has its own God damn television network? Does that tell you the influence of the Catholic Church on American daily life? Oh, we don't want to get Dennis upset. How come it is that Notre Dame has its own freaking network? There's 85,000 college football teams. And we got one. It's got its own national network. Which is why most of us hate them like poison. Like poison. If they got beat, 145,000,000,000,000 every week, that wouldn't be enough. Don't you agree? Yes. Good. Good for you. But about McGill. 145? Don't tell me you like Notre Dame. No. I agree. Brother. 5, 6, 7. Look at this tremendous response we got here today. Man, it's unbelievable. It's typical. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. And Horizon Wireless Line. And as highly politically oriented show, the highly activist people of South Florida. You know, before the show, we were looking back at these statistics page. We have on our website to see the response we've had on it. The highest response, well, the greatest response in a single week was back during the Chad Week, November 5, 2000, to the election week with the hanging chads, all on that crap. But second of that, the only ever other time we had a spectacular unbelievable response was, Alien. There you go. Alien. That's what gets them whipped up into a frenzy. Anything else forget about it. Colonel Gable, hello. I mean, how are you doing? Okay. Good. You talked about the saluting and how many effects that but you have read that nice little piece about the Christmas tree down here in Miami. Yeah. And it seems, you know, I'm pleased as punch that they think that Miami has a lot of Christmas spirit and to, you know, exemplify that they get a Christmas tree. You know, maybe, you know, the remedy the other problems down here, they might actually get a working infrastructure or decent schools or something. But now instead they go out. We don't care about decent schools. We just have a nice big Christmas tree, man. She's got a tall skinny tree in any case. And a new arena on every street corner, new sports arena. That's all we need. And that is why Miami is the greatest city in the world. You got it. But seriously, you were talking about the Saudi thing and no one else was really mentioned it. Thanks to that more on that made that call earlier. The one that's living in the expiles, the world, different from the conspiracy theories. It was an inside job. Yeah. It was an inside job just like Pearl Harbor was. Right. You know, not the Japanese, you knew that at the time. But anyway, enclosing. In closing, yeah. Yeah, perfect, we're a more perfect world. What would you see us do with the Saudis? You know, concerning the soul? What would I see us do with the Saudis? Bummen to the Stone Age and take over all their oil. We already got the base there. And get that world family. Put them in the middle of the desert. Don't give them a map. That's what I would do. My life and love. This is sports real five six. You way away. You way ahead. And that's what got it. Sometimes you feel like an art. Sometimes the white. You'll even tell you can't make one more bite. Or all the cranberry sauce right down the road. Great problem. Silly straw out of the gravy boat. And base, bean has a roll. Snowflide is going. And our dope and taste off is dancing. You get strong. We hope that you survive. Thanks, Jim and Dave. Oh, I don't want to buy a 60 WQM happy Monday to be. A man wants to do fish creek. We name calls it anti-Semitic. Last year a Georgia scientist successfully lobbied that the official name of Florida's largest groupers species be changed from Jufish, which he found offensive to the live grouper. Now another man is seeking that the name of the narrow key Largo channel known as Jufish Creek also be amended. Arnold G. Conheim of Washington, D.C. And first of all, the guys in Washington, D.C. what the L.S. He care about some place in the key Largo, huh? What is it, his business? As petitioned the US board on geographic names to change the name. The word Jew in any other form than now is derogatory. Conheim Rodin is named change application. His request has some support, but the issue hardly seems to be a divisive one. Jim Borazak, the conversation president of the key Jewish movie center in Tavenir, said the issue was irrelevant. That's the little bit of a correction. In other words, this should be your biggest problem, Arnold. It's not a subject of conversation among Jewish people around here, Borazak, said, most people don't even know the name of the fish has been changed. Monroe County Commission is voted unanimously last week against renaming the Creek, which has been known as Jew-Pish Creek since the early 1900s at least. In fact, postal records showed that the town now known as key Largo was called Jew-Pish into 1921. Did you know that? Did you? Just barely 10 o'clock in already you're learning how a lot of important stuff. Until 1921, key Largo was called Jew-Pish. Interesting. The Commission is ruling a significant because the federal name changed board considers local opinion when making decisions. Gary Grossman, the scientists who lobbied to have the fish species name changed so that continued usage of the word Jew-Pish is anti-Semitic. I don't believe anybody would let a derogatory geographic name stand for an African American or a Hispanic in South Florida right now. We said a fishy college at the University of Georgia, so I don't understand why this is a different. Well, don't we have an animal called raccoon? Huh? And what do we call them for short? Coons. Right? So we're going to change that? No. How about a raccon tour instead of raccoon? Get out of here, I'll give you up tight sensitive asshole people. Speaking of assholes, here's an instruction to you guys back there. I'm sure that Miguel must be sending the facts this morning. Yes. Don't and pass this along to a little George, which I'll tell him I'm Monday when it comes back. Don't ever. And you had no way in the one on this side, don't I want some like I'm going overboard? But I will anyway. Don't ever facts me again any communication from this New England Paul asshole. He is a major. He's worse than Paul Harvey Jr. He's worse than the guy who called before about an inside job at a world-fraid center bombing. This is the biggest asshole. Talk about a phony. He says, how about our patriots yesterday kick ass on a fucking kick ass my ass? There had 21 nothing in about five minutes and a hang on for dear life the whole rest of the game. And then this is the same guy who last week was Ripp and Tom Brady and ass. As if it was somehow his fault that they lost that game to the Raiders which was not his fault. He says, so let's make a big shout out to our man Tom Brady going to lead us back to the Super Bowl. Can you believe what a phony disguise the one reasons South Florida? Going to try to facts you this picture of the lovely Tom Brady. Thanks to I already got pictures of Tom Brady. I don't need any help from you. Idiot. You phony. You're perfect for South Florida, man. One week he's Ripp and I'm gonna ask. That'd be like my talking about Ed Ball for a stick to join out. Not only how great he is because he's got two shutouts and runes playing great. Always like that. I need the big one. You know what? You ain't meant Paul get lost. Okay, get a life. You lose your eukrotic. You fader. Look at that phone. Baby is it smoking or what? There's not a call on the board. For sure what kind of activist we got in this audience out there. These are people are really civic minded man. They're really getting some changes made. And you wonder why nothing ever changes in Florida? So I do want to guide them and show in a funeral parlor in a cemetery. Oh my god, getting back to people magazine. Okay, something. It's a little more up there, Ali. About four. And you remember, I don't want to start picking on a woman again, but I will anyway. And that's why I'm off your side with this Augusta thing. It's golf anyway. I'm off your going to vent for women on anything. Because back during that week speaking of Ali on, remember that? Oh brother. We had women up the ass during those days for weeks on end. That's all I might have talked about was Ali on. We had either wild Hispanic women calling in and you know, screaming at me or we had of course the other women who hate every Hispanic was ever born. Screaming about Ali on and about this and at it about the community being torn to shreds. And by my wife, what they stick English, the same old crap. Do we have one woman on there today? Oh, so we didn't have any women listening. But it's amazing when we're talking about one or two of those things that the only stuff that gets any violent will is a match it. You hate the space. That's it. Anything you do with hate. The women are softler. That's where the problem lies. The real serious problem. Anyway, here's the sexiest man alive in people magazine or real joke. If I were someone, then I have black. Okay, okay. He looks okay. He's all right. Does he the sexiest man nobody? At least it's a choice that you don't have to have like a nervous breakdown saying, How could you say that? Especially in this picture here from going all the way where he's like, Make it almost 1997 was pretty good there. So I'm not going to fight them on that, but. But John Corbett is second on his list. John Corbett. From my big fat Greek wedding. I'm going to tell you, I've had ball movements. I look better in this guy. Okay. Do you know who this guy is? Yeah, from that movie. And you think he's good looking? The guy, whatever. No, no, no, don't start giving me that usual. Oh, he's spawns. You know a good looking guy when you see one like when you look at the mirror in a morning. Okay. Don't be giving me this crap. He's a guy. All right. That's lame. That's weak. You've got an opinion. John Corbett. How about Carlos? He's not as uptight as you are, but your sexuality. Yeah, but he's not a borderline, you know. No. No, but I just don't know who he is. Oh. Here's an weekend. Okay. Here's the only really hot guy in a whole list. Isn't weekend. Glacys. They got nice picture. They got a shirt open. He's looking. He looks pretty damn good to me. And that's it. That's the end of that. Tom Cruise. Oh, my God. Give me a break. Even quasi-modal look better in him. Just picking a hunchback. Donald Rumsfeld. What? What is this a joke? Has to be John Leguzamo. I have no idea how your pronounce his name. Leguzamo. Leguzamo. Who played the Toulouse La Drec in Mulan Rouge. Underline the Drec part. Five foot eight Colombian born actor. Who looks. Let me say it again. My dog is left dropping a Fati roll. That look better in him. George Clooney. Looks a little like Fettie Clooney. Forget about it. I'm at eyes. Who the hell is that? Gross. Groke Tessk. Alejandro Sonsman. And it gets worse. James Blake with the roster here. Rick Yoon. I mean, I don't mind my Asian guys. Okay, as long as we're looking at Asian guys. You only probably see one of them. Kenny Chesney. Anderson Cooper. Oh, brother. Who are these people? Hugh Grant. That's a given idea. What is this all about? Hugh freaking Grant. Scott Morrison. Kirk Franklin. I'd rather do Benjamin Franklin. Harry Connick Jr. Rockled DiSparito. Who'd have to say he's in something. What is he in? Hard of it. It says thanks to appearances on live with Regisem Kelly. And the food network's melting potty divorce DiSparito is marinating in new found a claim never heard of me though. And he's gross. Fabian Custo. Now, of course, Boniframe S. NBC's National Jaguigi Graphic Explorer. He was a kind to a Jacques Custo. He looks like something Jacques brought up from another scene. Like one of those barnacles. He scripted out the bottom of his ship and speak of that. Here's Jesse James. This guy's got more goddamn tattoos than Curtis got pills. Grow test. A host of the Discovery Channel's monster garage. You know what that is? Nope. Yeah. You ever seen this guy? Yeah. Does he James is nothing good to look at about that guy? Even you, Carlos, look better in this guy. Okay. Even you look better. Nice and a lot. Greg Vaughan. Here's the guy's pretty good. Look at his bad picture. He's in the young in the horny. He's pretty good. He plays, uh, what does he play? Uh, somebody. Oh, Diego. That's right. Diego Guadietta's. Yeah. He's pretty good looking. Keep her subtle and okay. I mean, what do these people talking about? Simon Cowell from God, they're American Idol. My ass looks better than his face. Mel Gibson. Oh. Good. God. And then a hot hot hot. It's got, it just goes on, Richard gear. Pierce, Rosnan, Eminem, Jimmy Fallon. He just, hear what I'm for. Antonio, Bob and Dennis. And now we're getting into the really good stuff. It's got like the bubbling are sting. Russell Crowe, Sydney, Patea, just turned 120 years old. Tiger Woods, Joaquin Phoenix. With a cliff lip. Jake Glynahal. Gill and Hall, whatever it hell is name. What else he on? Moonlight mile in the good girl. He looks like a good girl. Josh Lucas. Dominic Persell. Jesse Bradford, you couldn't take the best look in features of about the last 30 of these guys put them together. Make a good looking guy. Carl Urban. From the Lord of the Rings, the two towers. Micky. Piper. From ER. R. Right. Grote. Micky, Piper. Grote. I don't know what to tell them. Why? What did he do? He's the grotesque looking sparkier man. Adam Rodriguez. He even George Rodriguez looks better in him. And George is a pretty grotesque. Michael Eli. Jnasty looking. John Buffalo Maler. And here's the picture of Tom Brady with a football thing on, with a Malmikostash got milk. I didn't like that right in the middle of this, but somehow they neglected Tom Brady on I mean, I granted he's no, uh, what's what you call? No, Vin Diesel. Who's on the list, by the way? And it just goes on. I mean, why am I even wasting my time with his Vin Diesel? Arnold Schwarzenegger. Tiano Reeves, Sammy Will El Jackson. Russell Crow, Harrison Freakin' forward. I may have looked at about 100 years ago. Will Smith. And then we got knock around, guys. Everybody, how come we didn't get in here? Everybody else isn't here? John Hannah. Surprisingly sexy, John Hannah. And James Gandell, Pheneas. There you go. You can't get much sexier than him. I'm a bit of a rubber ball spot. Alan Rickman, who looks like the bottom of my ass. Mitch Peleghi, you know who that is from the X files? Don't watch it. I guess they must like ball guys in this thing. Michael Bolton. David Alan Geer, who's one of the ugliest farts I've ever seen in my life. Tony Schaube. Stanley. Stanley Tushie. And it goes on. I can't stand it. Burn that issue. Okay, burn it. This is, this is going to be a joke. This is what they do every year in people magazine. Come up with a list of the grossest and nastiest, the smarmy. They throw a couple of good looking guys in there just for measure and arrest them are all gruesome, grow, test. James Gandell, Pheneas. I mean, can you get any sexier looking than that or what, huh? He makes me look good. He makes Josh Friedman look good. Almost. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. 194 votes on the pool. How do you rate yourself politically? We ask going to change again right here. Come on either do it or get off the pot. How do you rate yourself politically, fairly liberal 78? Independent 35. Currently conservative 27, very liberal 25. Not into politics at all 19 and very conservative 10. Now let's see, very liberal 25, very conservative 10. That's good. That's a good sign. We got a few liberals out there on our freight that somebody's going to trace this. We are tracing it by the way. 10 13 at 560 WDQ and we all have different lifestyles. We all have different political opinions. Therefore, while the comment denominator is health, no matter what your politics you want to be healthy. Oreo MedMediterranean formulas are designed to just that health-keep you healthy. There are advanced combinations of pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with vitamins and minerals and aerables and other good stuff. Sign typically designed to provide natural nutrition solution to help you support specific health needs. Look for Oreo Med grade 3 new formulas. There's one to help you sleep when to help you control your weight and co-q10 great for your heart. I'm using the benefits of the finest olive oil you'll find in a place. Oreo Med is an outstanding new product. You can pick up all over town at publics, records and log Reans. The more information call Oreo Med at this toll free number, 1-866 Oreo Med. That's 1-866-655-36633 and also order their products online at OreoMedAmerica.com. And if you visit your nearest publics and buy an Oreo Med product in data-browd, you can still get a coupon. But this has been going on for a long time. You know what? You better go in here and get one to make them feel you want it. Great feet, Larry Cocher, Bobblehead, Doll. They'll supplies last. Don't forget to visit their sampling pivoting at sports down every Sunday when the offensive plane home games. Pick up some free olimates samples and start poppin it in your post for good health real soon. Bye bye. And local. This is sports for you by city. You way away. Brilliant. Done as dirt. Hey, gravy, hey, gravy. Hey, please pass. Hey, gravy, hey, gravy. Hey, we pass the great day. What you try a little new meal lives that you can't do without it on breast or a nice, for it on, pick up and try a little and potato or the stuff. Three of them four in best will, jiffy. This is not the life gravy on turkey. Me, just a little bit of gravy taste so you need kind of gravy on my plate. It's also sweet and wonder that I drew. Hey, gravy, hey, gravy. Hey, please pass. Please pass. Hey, gravy, hey, please pass. I'll tell you what really grosses me. People who put gravy on stuffing makes me nauseous. Why do I ask them now? I hope you guys aren't doing that. No. That's stuffing? I'm stuffing. No. And Carlos, you know what's how quiet he is? I bet he does it. No, I don't. Yeah, you do. Okay. To late now, see, nervous laugh. He puts, he puts gravy on a turkey and on the stuffing and probably on the yams and the cranberries too. That was so fun. That was so fun. One of those slums that you're not a big turkey fan? Nope. What about him? Eh? Better than turkey. Little spick. You can't look. You can't have beans, gravy, meat, or whole life. Okay, bad for your system, bad for your IBS. That's good. That was good for it. Oh, no. You can't meet beans. Holy cow. You're a double beans syndrome. You never heard of that IBS? Oh. Wow. Ture your kishki's out. Anyway, forget about your keep him on the outside. Okay, he's just out of the loop with the whole human race. Was picking on poor Eric this morning before the show. Want to take over that website? Speaking of eating a lot, I wonder if Eric but poor's gravy. I think Eric just got like a spicket. You know, he just opens up the spicket and the gravy comes out all over the whole of thing. He just ladles it on. But seriously, your gravy should be like, I mean, you were stuffing should be moist. Not real moist, not wet, but little on the moyside. And just fantastic all by itself. You don't spoil the stuffing with gravy on it. Recently put gravy on the turkey is because turkey generally, it has no taste. Right? Right. And even if it's moister, it still will really have a lot of taste. Right. See, put a little gravy on there. Some real nice thick mushroom gravy would be good. Hmm. So even though it isn't going to be Thanksgiving here on Thursdays since I have the day off, I'll find a place where I get a nice turkey dinner. No problem at all. Just pour it on, man. But don't put any gravy on the goddamn stuffing. Or we're going to come to your house and get your ass. Five, six, seven. Have we had a woman call this show yet today? No. Doesn't it piss you people off that there are some people in South Florida that won't speak English? Huh? Doesn't that frost your ass? Man, oh man, oh man. It's so sad. And I'm getting all whipped up into a frenzy. What's the point? See, let me just say this few folks. There is no incentive in South Florida to strive for excellence. There's no incentive. Because no matter what you do, it basically comes out the same anyway. You know what I'm talking about? If you make it from Mendus effort, if you wear yourself out, if you knock yourself crazy, it doesn't make any difference. We're just here killing four hours every day. And every now and then I go off the deep end and I lose perspective at that. You know, like over the weekend, I'm eating, eating, eating back and forth about good friends and then Samials about what we need to be doing to get the liberals and the moderates and anybody who's not right. We wanted to take a little bit more active and start with a bunch of websites and do it. What am I worrying about that for? Well, what's the point? Especially out of South Florida. You can't even get a goddamn the phones go in here. Okay, God calls in and says it was in inside Job 9.11. Any other market in America, I'll guarantee even in Geneva near the phones would have been smoking off the Okasuna. Some asshole calls up and says that. Not here. Not here because of these are the people who adamantly refuse not wanting to send it for a best to send anything. Yeah, we don't care. Here's Del Rey Beach, hello. Lim Samials, I remember her in New York. She used to go on right before Bob Grant. Right. Here for going to York. And they can, they can't, they're recently because of the fact she's liberal and you can't be on the Airbnb liberal anymore in America. So they can. Well, 1988, she was all for Jesse Jackson's campaign. So yeah, a little out there. A little bit more. I'm going to work on the list. What is it? Goldberg on the list. Is he on what list? The sexiest man alive. Mm-hmm. No. He's on her. He's right after James Gendell-Fini. Jack Panington of the Tom Brady. Jack Panington? Chad Pettington. Oh, Chad Panington from the Jets? Yeah. You mean, you're talking about how he looks. I've never seen what he looks like. I've seen him play. He's playing pretty damn good. OK, I'll check him out next week. Chad Panington and the Trent Green on the Kansas City all look too bad either. Nobody touches my boy Tom Brady. I'm going to include that asshole in the England Paul. What a fool, you are, man. Just a week he always backs me about all Brady's sucks and what are we going to do? But I'll listen to because they want a game and believe me. He played pretty damn good himself. They're defense sucks. They try like crazy to blow every game. And all of a sudden, oh, let's hear it for our boy. Oh, go away. Go away. No England Paul. Go back where you came from. They probably kicked your ass out of Massachusetts. OK. Wouldn't surprise me. Go up to Roxbury. Me, they'll let you in, but I doubt it. Go to Dorchester. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, go to Revere. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, what's the number you're doing? Yes, sir. Long time listener. Excellent. Listen, I read a great, well, I'm not a great article. It's our local rag. That article about how the Catholic Church is going to deal with allegations of child abuse by priest with opposed tribunals. Close to the public. Yeah, we have that last week. I said I had that since the last week, but it's probably just getting around at local papers. Sorry about that. But it's which of three, three words can be rendered innocent, not guilty and guilty. Yeah. Anyway, all right, that's old news. Will we be hearing from Paul Boomer and Lord Winnis mere this Thanksgiving? You're going to have to ask, what's his name? You're going to have to ask the beast. OK. You don't have that card anymore. Oh, yeah, sure. We got it around somewhere. In fact, with a beast won't need those guys, he can do his own part in contest. OK. Yeah, he can just do it the whole four hours. OK, no. Have a good holiday. Would you call my brother Andrew and Deuce back for him? OK, have a great day. Whatever. Oh, we got a lady. I can't believe it. I just get through with the people magazine. Forget about the other stuff. I mean, I should women be concerned about the world is coming to win end of the stuff like that. You know, but I just do the thing in people magazine with that grotesque list of guys who are supposed to be the sexiest in the world. And it come on. Come on. Let's get serious. There would be like making a list of the hottest babies in the world of putting Janet Reno in there. OK? With all the respect to my close personal friend Janet. Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale, hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Hi, my name is Susan and I've never listened to you guys before, but I've been laughing as I'm drunk. Why were have you been Susan? I've skipped bird and I've been in Florida for 10. No, I'll 11 months now. And a friend of mine just called me and told me to put on this station. And I was listening about the turkey and the beans and all that laugh. Yeah. But so you guys, what do you believe in? What do I believe in? What do I believe in? What do I believe in? Well, in the last 10 minutes, I can't get whether you're liberal. I don't think so, but I don't know. You don't think that I'm liberal? I don't know. So you haven't said enough. You've been talking more about turkey and... Well, what are you going to... Well, let me ask you this. Are you enjoying the show? And I want... Are you enjoying the program? Oh, yeah. For sex Flint. Well, what differences are they make where they're on liberal or not? Well, because you just said no women are concerned that the world's going to end and I'm just hearing bits and pieces, I can't... Not in South Florida. They're not all they're concerned about is there too many people who won't speak English. That's the South Florida women. Well, that's true. No. They're a bunch of neurotic bitches. No. Okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. And I'm a very, very proud conservative. You're a very what? Well, just keep in mind, nobody's perfect. Okay, sweetheart. That's right. Okay. Have a great day. You too, bye-bye. Bye-bye. Okay. That's right. That's right. That's right. Okay. Have a great day. You too, bye-bye. Bye-bye. Okay. Okay. Okay. In fact, you know, we can get some from the crow. None of the porn fix at all 24 and very conservative 10, like this last right. We're going to do this. I'm going to do this. Okay. We're going to do this. Okay. So I'm going to do this. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. So there's one last right. When Mama just hit on from Pittsburgh, okay? I'll see if the mountain's you went in Greensburg, okay? Sweetheart? And Mike Lang ain't too happy about you either being too conservative. Ain't too happy with that. Trust me what I tell you. How the penguins doing? Anybody know? No. No. Mary was doing pretty good. Can you believe holy yokeonin is time for second and league. I believe in points. You know, holy yokeonin? Hey. Carlos, you know who holy yokeonin is? the perfect producer for this program. He wouldn't know a hockey puck if you stuck a dozen of them up his ass. Oh, we got a hockey team and so forth. Yeah. And let me ask you this question. What religion is Christian Huzemius? 10 to 26. Just dummy up. Okay, dummy up. It's such a pathetic goddamn place. Okay. Leaf six fires nothing Saturday. All right. We're smoking baby back to back shot. I was ready to be go. Always told you he was great. Did I? No. Thanks, given Scumma Thursday, everybody's going to be flocking home to be together again. Gather around the table with delicious homemade food and family traditions. After all, it's not the turkey that makes the meal special. It's the people. Getting ready for the hungry guests can be really stressful especially if they're staying overnight. If you're having a hospital for Thanksgiving, let down a mattress make you holiday preparations a little bit easier. Now's the time to call 1-800 mattress and get you that new mattress in before the house guests get there. If they're ready to edit their coming, or even if you don't hear from them like till Wednesday night, Dalama Triskins still deliver a top quality ceiling. Sort of similar to Kingcroll mattress. The very same day you be calling them. I've been sleeping on a Dalama Tris for years and look what a sport I am man. Call Dalama Tris tool free right now at 1-800 mattress and talk turkey with a bed and console to choose from the very best mattresses and even better prices. Rest easy this Thanksgiving knowing that everybody's sleeping comfortably. You're ready for the holidays right now but time is running out. Call 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATT-RES for Dalama Triskins. Be sure and tell them that it'll all meal and fat boy told you to call. Brand name bed same day service column now so that we sleep like a baby as soon as tonight. And culture is a party girls like party girls like party girls like. And culture is a party girls like party girls like party girls like party girls like. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, hey, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, hey, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh and told her and told her a little fun this is the end of the night and the G.J.A. Maybe that line's a good question for a nice lady friend from Pittsburgh weather rural on this show I say, we, I'm talking about me in Carlos and George. Not Miguel Miguel is in his way because George is on vacation. Someone else can hold up your hand, okay lady. You're gonna hold up her hand? Depend. 1032 at 5.60 WQAM happy Monday to a man. Don't forget to be sure to be here on Thursday. That should be a real hoot. He's going to be doing his own work, heart and contest. Can you just hear that? I wouldn't be snout have you seen him lately. Yeah. Because it wouldn't surprise me at all if he's like put some of that weight back on, you know? The weight that we so desperately and frantically helped him to lose to keep his ass alive. I've eaten hooters once now. Nice. Here's a lady in Bokeh, hello. Yeah, a meal and descent of all the lady nilies out here. We get it. We don't call because we listen to hear you. Wait a minute, that sounds wonderful, but let me ask you this. How come when we had the alien thing going on and also during the hanging chair? Those two episodes only out of the 800 years have been on the year in this market. How come the women were coming out of both ends of the phone in those days? I don't know, that's pretty neat. Well, what does that mean? You know, I listen to you to hear you. I can't stand the callers. Go call them. Yeah. They're stuck, including me. I'm not in the serial. Okay, see you. She said she sucks. And I saw a smile go up on me girls. Face and Carlisle, even if I can't see you, they want to be. You're right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. You know, it's the conservative lady from Pittsburgh. She didn't say she sucks, and that's because she's a conservative. And we know conservatives don't do no way. They don't do that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. What do you say? Let's go get the Saudis baby. That's what we ought to be doing instead of pussyfooting around with this. Sodom, a crap. Okay. That's just a diversionary tactic because all of Dog and Pony show and the Saudis and the course to bush minsters and all of that crap, the Carlisle group. All these people are in bed together. Speaking of politics, by the way, I thought this is kind of interesting. Since the Democratic Party is so desperate and out of material. A general for the Democrats question mark this is in a newsweek or time, time this week. Are this peptic American Democrats ready to turn away military man for leadership and ask, retired forced our general Wesley Clark who's been famously opaque about his party preference and political future met privately last week in New York City with the group of High-Rolli Democrats and told him he was seriously considering your run for the White House sources. Tell time. Oh, right. You seen him. Have any of you on the CNN? No. He's one of those guys that stands by the map. I think I know which guy that stands by the map. He's a white-haired judge. Even with about 15 Democratic donors and fundraisers at the Park Avenue Orphusas of venture capitalists, Alan Particoff, they strong-gorebacker in O.O.O. whose neutral so far in O.F. 404, Clark laid out his credentials and his differences with George W.A. A road scholar who fought in Vietnam and served as Supreme Dialogue Commander in Europe from 1997 to 2000, Clark said the U.S. should finish routing out Kai to be foreticking on Iraq and criticized Bush for being too dismissive of non-war options there. According to Romato's war in Kosovo in 1999, Clark who juggled the interest of 19 member nations, also took issue with what he sees as Bush's go-at-alone style. Clark 57 is an investment banker, Little Rock Arkansas, and a commentator for CNN, and an interview with Tommy wouldn't discuss his plans or the lunch. I haven't made any decision to run. I haven't declared him a member of any political party. He haven't raised any money. He said, adding that he has been traveling around the country, talking to groups of developing an American global vision for the 21st century whatever it had that means. One question at the lunch was whether Clark has the stomach for the attacks on his candidacy, would draw from the military enemies he's made during the course of a war despite its success. Clark's book Waging Modern War was tough on many at the Pentagon, including the Defense Secretary William Cohen who replaced Clark before his tour was up. Still Clark might be an attractive new face to the Democrats. Oh, right. It's clear the public today doesn't want to think Democrats are a strong on national securities the GOP, so the source who attended lunch he has the capacity to negate that argument. Sounds good to me. He's got my vote already. Great Carlos. Got my two. Yeah, leave my gal out of this because we know that he'll vote for the Bushmaster. Okay. He's big in the bush. That's what I'm here to round town. Miguel is big in the bush. Bush, bush, bush. Did you vote in his last election by the way, Miguel? No, I did it. Good. Excellent. Make it a habit. Worst or war Republicans like that. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. This last woman called up and sent you colors suck as what she said. She said the call suck, but she still didn't answer my question about how come what we talk about bilingualism would get women up the ass, huh? How come we get 85 million women call this scream in yellow about bilingualism? You don't think it's because they're full of hate to you. Yeah, yeah. They're much of hate mongers. I'll fill out a mince out Florida hateful nasty miserable sounds. So many. Here's North Lauderdale. Hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. First of all, happy early turkey prayer. And back to you. Now you don't put gravy on your stuffing, do you? No, sir. Thank God. The reason I'm calling, I got a call Friday from some of the... This is Reverend Jones, yeah. 560, 560. Am I getting good or what, huh? You're good. Yeah, that was him. You recognize him now that I mentioned it? Carlos, how about you guys? Yeah. I'll get it. Don't forget join the overnight guys, Joe and Mark tonight from Monday to 11 long with a special guest from the Dolphins. Trent Gamble. Anybody know who that is? No. Trent Gamble. He's kind of Bruce Gamble. Probably not. Trent Gamble, either a gas-bees and Davies stop by to win our usual very low budget QA and prizes and enjoy specials on Crown Royal. It's the 49 owners and the Eagles from Monday to the football at gas-bees and Davies, that'd be good. We'll be there because there's booze. He ain't paying for it, right? Damn straight. There you go. And he's damn straight too. Fine, now what's the story? Are you going to, and now is this the week for Treasure Island this week? Yes, this one today. Well, I understand. I thought George was on vacation all week. Well, he's in town. He isn't town? Hmm. Why, oh, I don't understand. I thought he was going away. He's going to where to go. He's got some place to go, but he won't miss Treasure Island for anything. I'm days when he's sick on a Wednesday. They got Treasure Island and he's over there, okay? Hope he might get a little bit lucky. You don't think he's getting any at home, do you? No chance. No chance. Oh, brother. What are the odds on that? Just we know that in what he needs is one more kid. I would, that would definitely him off. No, a little girl. Yeah, another little girl. That would be good. Hospital little girls. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT and T and Verizon Wireless Line. Got a whole bunch of tabloids stuff. You want to know why? Cause the tabloids come out here about a week before they do it on there. Even though they're published on there, I still don't get that. Richard, Richard, gear is a stud, but the narrow is a dud that's in bed. I got that stock. Got a whole bunch of good stuff. Drugs destroying poor Michael Jackson. He's on a way off. They say him. Dr. Phil's boob obsession. Got a whole power. Good stuff. My kid to it today before ten-loid Tuesday tomorrow. That he's a boobie me. He is. To me, he is one of the most anxious. In fact, I did that we play about him. That that's him. That is absolutely him. Don't tell me about you. Tell me about her. Don't talk to me about her. Tell me about you. Just an asshole. Yeah, likes to bully people. Oh, man. And come to find out. He's a real scumbag on top of a doctor's bill. He makes me kind of long for that Jonathan Edwards guy. And Miss Cleo and every other figure that's been on TV. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pun and the ladies are going to be calling in by the dozens to talk about that people magazine thing, aren't they? No. Here's plantation. Hello. Good evening. Good afternoon, Neil. Good evening to you. Yeah. I'm lost in space there. I do believe what happens is when people come down a floor of a check in at the border and they leave their brains behind. Because every time I try and get up a conversation with somebody in the cab and talk to somebody about something sensible or something about what's going on on the country, it's like most people don't know anything. Yeah. I'd honestly say that 75 to 80% of the people didn't know that asked across the record and occurred in the round the statute of Lady Justice. Yeah. Whoever I was talking to about that evening, even though I was talking to about it. It's amazing. People live in their own little world. They live in their own little bubble. I think they're like Maxwell's Martin chief in the PEON of Silence. That really makes me feel like I did the right thing. Those seven months I was sitting here reading all that stuff that I was very impressed by most of it myself. But I think that 95% of the audience couldn't give an offline crap less. People both, they really don't care. They live in their own little bubble and they could care what's going on. But when the wolf comes to their door, yes, let me start worrying about it. But I really do think it's the new thing to say that you're conservative, that you're right wings, that you're this, that you're that. And it's becoming, you know, it's like the 50s again with the coffee. Right. You're a liberal. You've got to hide. You've got to like, furtively sneak from doorway to doorway. Yeah. Like you're afraid to say the old word. And you know what? Tell them. I'll travel number liberal. I'll travel them down a crap. Oh, right. Tough titties. There you go. There's two of us anyway. Have a good one, Neil. And you two, don't say titties again. Right away, John Askar for really good upset. And the FCC also, okay. We don't want to have no nipple on here, baby. That Victoria's secret. I mean, stop and think about how embarrassing that is. How humiliating and embarrassing that is. We got a government agency that's worried now. We got that cops guy there at the FCC. Michael Cuffs all whipped up into a frenzy because you got a handful of emails. We better clap that on this. We're worried that we're going to have these spectacular attacks. That thousands or millions of people may die at the hands of maniacal lunatics. And we're worried about nipples on television. What's wrong with this picture folks? Exactly. By the way, that's skipping in on our sales department major asshole. 1041 at 560 W to Q a more new balance is done again. Just as that big Thanksgiving meal made you sit down to relax new balances out photo once you up on your feet. They hit in for the big actors thanksgiving sale. This is absolutely the time to talk turkey new balance. See they've been putting thousands of people in the most comfortable shoes. They've ever felt included the ones I'm wearing by the way and walking all over town. And now it's your turn. And the good folks in New Balance have been to help you with 15% off their entire stock. Plus up to 15 50% let me say again up to 50% off selected styles. What does that mean to you means big savings? New Balance is stuffing you with savings and all your athletic and footwear needs. Like shoes for cross training, running, walking, lifting weights, cross dressing. New Balance wants you to gobble up shoes for any of your weekend more your activities. Make the pilgrimage to new balance for the big actors thanksgiving sale with 15% off style sizes and what's a shoes that you stay up to shop for in catalogs or by mail order. New Balance is your one-stop shop to leave in special order for you to watch for charge. New Balance has sizes from infant to size 20 so there are no excuses to keep you away from the big actor thanksgiving sale. And you can get all the trimmings too like new balance athletic shorts, shirts and all styles of athletic socks. You can find new balance in the Evans Ramal and Pine Crest the Boketown Center and their newest location in prestigious Palm Beach Gardens will open in December. Don't forget 15 to 50% off other stores are turkeys compared to the price service and selection you'll always find at new balance. A stockboard to be surent tell that old Neal sent you by. We're supposed to be in 5th this fall. You a yeah. Fly I am not a Nazi. Rocks rocks rocks. You will find what you are looking for at rock mark. Grab a fistful of savings on the Palestinian area's favorite projectiles. Protests in style with an assortment of fine, eight-niss and conglomerate rocks many sizes available. Pelt with pride with our handsome selection of metamorphic rock and new imported granite chunks. Toss in fashion where they fabulous selection of limestone and shale in the latest new fall colors. Plus, browse our last minute summer clearance specials on sticks and bottles whilst supplies last. So, for rock bottom prices on the Palestinian area's favorite projectiles. Pling in today to the rock mark for a feastful of savings. There's one just a stone straw away from you. Then 47.56 you know when you come we got the mad dog Jim Manager one he's going to be really happy about that big dolphin went over the popraise the chargier same difference. Same difference and the eagle all other teams are not as script. How's their hockey team doing CNN? Oh, anyway the chargers yesterday. What was it? 30 to three? Yep. Yep. He'll be whipped up about that but he's not going to be too happy about me she can get near Azkig by Ohio State in a barn and community burn around Saturday. And then we got Hank from Shulostake 2 a three with the net more at the five to six to kill an hour. 630 got her a cool hotline, 830 got the big bulls. We got absolutely nobody else to stick in there. Any K antenna clock and Jordan Mark over and I know ball games. No hockey game. No nothing. How about them Panthers huh? Oh, nice point last night and he calls about that. Any entry. Oh, how do playing pretty good. Keen and he's got him going good. Made only yoke and into a real player great golden in there. Most of the time. Nice move by picking up a Yani Hermey. From Ottawa. Anybody know who these people are. No. 566. 0560. You know something I might as well be doing this show in some foreign language like green. Or in Russian or some other guy damn thing. What you think? Or probably have the same impact. Here's a lady in sunrise. Hello. Hi, me. Yes, man. I went to high school with the oddter and she was a skin head. Yeah. And she welcomed her boots and had been shaved her head. So how about that? And you came to school once and did a little thing for music class. He sang everything. Also. I love his music. He's great. I love his music but he turned out to be a real asshole. I'm sorry. I'm burning all my future. I'm going. Okay. Okay. Good job. She's burning her seat through a brush. Let's hear a red. I'm going to tell her I'm going to John Askroth saying it's starting to work now. Okay. No more nipples. No more sex. No more nothing. No more this, uh, a titty crap. Okay. Enough with that. No more bear. Pretty soon on TV. Are you going to have his Bob Novak. Uh, Tucker, uh, whatever his name is Carlson there. Who's some of these other right wing assholes. Sean Hannity. Villar Rally. That's a, uh, of Lard Askroth's TV show back. That's, that's, are you going to have his right wing propaganda. 24 hours a day on every guy damn channel. That's what it's going to be. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Lot of women calling in about those people magazine selections. Huh? And I know care what anybody says, including the two of you. And Rika especially compared to that group he's in there. He stands heads and shoulders above them. I don't disagree. Huh? What about me? How about my guilt? One of your people, man. You know what? You know what? Can Rika have a son? Yeah. Why? He has no idea what to say. He's insecure. Wow. What a pussy you are, man. What is wrong with you? So in other words, you can't even say you can't even bring yourself to say that a Rika The grease is a good looking guy or whatever it is. He could get chicks. Yeah. Who is, right now, forget about what he can get. I don't think he's getting chicks. Whatever he's getting. That's not the point. He's probably listening right now. He's a big fan of this show. He invited me personal. Come and does. He always does. He had his friends surely call personal. The one who invited me to his concert when I was down there. Did I go? No. It was one of the tracks. Sorry. He's a wonderful guy. He's got a great sentencing humor. He loves this program. And you're sitting there as one of his people. Oh, he and one of your people aren't they Spanish? Yeah, they're Spanish. Yeah. He and one of your people at all. Okay. No one of your, see you. All them Spixman and Haiti each other. The Cubans hate the Spaniards and the Colombians hate the Guadamalads. They all hate each other. And George hates the Puerto Rican. Or George hates everybody. Now that George ain't here this week that he's on vacation. Let's rip him and ask what he is saying. Oh, right. Sure. I look a quick. He jumped on that. Yeah. He ought to be used to it. But yeah, he's he's waiting in the wings. He wants them to ride in there. He wants Eric. He's starting to get like guilty this kid. You know how guilty once. Juggs McDonald's job. He wanted the Joseph Gaki. He wants everybody's job. Which is why he's sucking up for that old man so much. You're unmentivable one. For same thing with Carlos there. He wants George's job. He wants Eric's job on the website. Which from what I'm hearing, there's no money to be made. There anyway. So what do you want that for? I just want to help. I mean, Eric gave me this tale of woe on Friday. I called him just to change the just to change the pool. And I feel like I have a long heart-tart conversation. Yeah. Oh my god. I thought I was going to break down in tears from such a depressing conversation. Foot drop a little bit. Eric, oh, can I know you under the gun? You under a lot of pressure up there. It's cost a lot of money to maintain that girth to keep eating enough. You know what? It's blue sky and sunny now here. Oh, if you wasn't supposed to be today. Can you believe that? What? Well, it's only going to be 40 so don't get too carried away. Yeah, it's better than 80. Oh, is it 80 there? It's going to be gone. Damn. No, it's I like this. It's really invigorating. I have no complaints yet. It's going to get colder toward a light-light-a-part of the week. I have no complaints yet about the weather. I like it. I like walking out there with my leather jacket on. You feel invigorated. The air is fresh. You don't feel like you're going to pass out and wilt from the heat. Books says Nazis paid the Dutch to turn in Jews. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Dutch bounty and see I don't care what anybody says. Maybe it's only my landlord that I'm judging all of this by. And as much as the Dutch hate the Germans like poison, and they really do because they hold a grudge for a long time. But I think that some of them Dutchmen there had a little like German in him if he catch my drift. Dutch bounty hunters paid by the Nazis captured thousands of Dutch men women and children during WW2 and sent them to their debts in concentration camps in New Books says. Doesn't surprise me at all. I don't know what the hell am I to do. I think the maid is working in the place next door to me this morning. Rattling crap around on the hall. Quit all the noise out there. You maniac. We're sending you back wherever you came from while you illegal aliens. No, they are there. Punchy illegal aliens in this building. A price on their heads by Dutch author Ed Van Limpth. Highlights are dark page in Dutch history. A band of 54 middle-aged men who scoured the land in search of Jews in hiding. Oh, hey. Mr Van Limpth asserts that 8,000 to 9,000 people, three times more than earlier estimates were tuned in for cash. The findings could help us claim by the 108,000 Dutch Jews, forced from their homes total far more per capita than in Belgium or France at David Barnau of the Netherlands Institute for World Documentation. What his work reveals is that contrary to earlier beliefs, it was largely the Dutch themselves and not the Germans who turned in the Jews Mr Van Limpth said. Mr Van Limpth said in an interview that he was shocked by the extent of this painful chapter of human betrayal in his country famous for being the place where Anne Frank had for two years. Mr Van Limpth takes a close look at the bounty hunters describing them as family types often unemployed or low-end jobs, volunteered for the work out of greed and hatred of Jews who their victims probably would be killed. He must have known my landlord. The Dutch department as Denassie's caller was also known as the Colona He had been trafficking and stolen Jewish property as old Nazis begun offering cash for Jewish prisoners. Workers were paid about 15 Gilders a week or 75 bucks a day as exchange rate, plus 7 had Gilders or 37 and a half bucks per captured Jew mis-Divendland rights. That would be enough for them. He says that to make a man named David Sand is revealed where his children are, they knocked out his teeth and that they traveled for days to capture three-year-old girl, Florthy Sithrin, who later got gased at a camp in Cibor, Sibbor, Poland, so be more whatever it is. The hunters were poses friends of relatives to trick people into revealing hiding places and would use papers taken from captives to find new victims. Mr Van Limpth's report over 450,000 prosecution files on Nazi sympathizers, many of them kept secret until recently, a few perpetrators received the death penalty after the war, but many more fled Germany and elsewhere. Other than Heinigian as part of William Bride, the names of the bounty hunters have been changed to protect the privacy of their children, after the war the death of the collaborators were unfairly punished for these of their parents. Mr Van Limpth said some of them are still traumatized today. I don't want to contribute to that he said. I didn't like that, huh? I hear you thought those Dutchmen were such wonderful folks with all the in-of-rank crap. How's that end doing now? Anybody seen her lately? Not recently. No. Two-mind of getting to see that's what a lot of people don't realize is that eventually they caught them. Somebody squealed on them and they came upstairs and they came upstairs and they said, oh, there's the hiding place. You're all going to get a shower and whatever. And they did. And probably got turned in by the Dutchman. Goes to show you those fractured furry tales, man. A lot of fractured history. 10.55 at 5.60. W.K.U.A.M. 5.60. 5.60. 5.60. 5.60. I've been all that time and people nagging me. I've just seen the tremendous response. Plus it sure shop Megalriel fast. Because basically according to Megal, he's the only good-looking man in the world. Everybody else should say he's got no opinion. Come, exactly. Of course. Okay. You know what? It comes to eating in good food. There's so many good restaurants to choose from. But if you're looking for the best deli in town, you bet it's her bets. Her bets has been slicing it and piloting it on thick for over 30 years. It's New York style deli. It's fun. It's with her bets homemade pea soup. She's daily specials and the best to stromey corn beef and brisket out of the sun. Can I take a drink of this? It's a mishiah. Her bets even has got the pickles, coleslaw and cucumber salad on the tables. Like the old days before those old Jews put all the other delis out of business. Her bets was even both of the best breakfast and cheap eats restaurant on the cityserts.com. Now is the time to start thinking about your holiday party needs you bet. Her bets does a fantastic job with holiday platters and catering for your family parties who are at the office. Her bets has been serving some of my most top corporations. For years, if you order now, next Sunday around your show, you'll get 10% off your holiday kiddoing order. You can't beat it. Her bets is on 79. Avenue just off the pulmetto. Call Greg and tell him your mighty glad that her goal isn't there anymore. Call Greg at 305. 5. 9. 2. 7. 8. That's 305. 5. 9. 2. 7. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. This is a sports wedding of life City. 8. 9. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. He was, he was Gary Newman. But they had a guy with scary. All those eyes. He looked like he could suck the urine out of your bladder with the power of his mind alone. Bobby, a large man was a roady for Gary Newman during his heyday. After every show he... Uh, she's it's too weird. He like unzipped his skin and there was this spindly ass glowing alien from what close and counten. I sh** my pants. I'm not ashamed to say it. In 1980, BBC rock critic Edward Upper Glass was sent to interview Gary Newman. He has never returned. But an audio tape was mysteriously delivered to BBC headquarters in London days later. Wake up, Indian Upper BBC. What the fuck? Holy crap. Where's the monitor? Gary? Why am I stressed? The Snuggle Travelling. You always do interview me. I also do certain things from you. Don't wait a minute. Where's that trope going up? What is your most wish done? So, Gary? Who are you? Please, go get your glasses. I'll let the onion with y'all and have the BGs. Why are you bleeding, kidding me? No! Gary Newman. Think about it. You never see him and the being from outer space in the same photograph together. It's a big juicy, shopping-weather-look at show business. Tonight, on inside of a hideout. 11.2560 WQA and we got 113 votes on the pull today on the arangers.com. How do you rate yourself politically? As we're trying to find, is there any point? Is there any use? What do you think? No. No. Let's see, like I said, it's 116 votes. Fairly liberal, 111. Look out, McGill, we're going to come and get you. I'm running. Independent 60. Fairly conservative 51. Very liberal 48. Not in a politics at all 32, and very conservative 14. We got 14, very conservative people out of which is good. Which is good. Which is good. We don't want everybody just to agree here. What's the plan to preach into the choir, right? Sure. We don't want to have too many liberal people out there. It's bad for business. It's bad for America. We got to like goose step in alignment. Here's our last call. Looks like to me. Four-laterdale, hello. First time, one time 11 years. Okay. Thanks for the last listen. Three things. First of all, there must be a lot more European countries that can Spart with the Nazis than I have a thought possible. Do you mean like Austria? Like Austria. Now you're talking about the Dutch. I guess when you have a country, you had it's kind of hard to not Quarrel. No, I don't think so. I think that there were plenty of Dutchman and pletting Austrians who were very enthusiastic. In fact, as far as Austria is concerned, which you notice again, the elections there, they're going back to the far right. I think that they were more gun-hold than the Germans were. Really? Yeah. Wasn't there always the threat of the Gestapo if you didn't cooperate? I'm not talking about those people who were coerced into cooperating. I'm talking about those who did very enthusiasticly. Okay. There's a big difference. Have it in four-one final thing. The Palestinian bit. I had a pull over in my truck. I was crying so hard from left and I couldn't see where I was. That's okay. I couldn't see where I was going. That's okay. Very much. Back out for the Rock on a windshield, the old man. Okay. Have a great day. Okay. That takes here our calls for day. We want the calls back, new. We want the calls. Take some call. Okay. We did. Let's see into those. I would just calm down and relax that nothing there is ever going to change. It's just the same. I just said. Said. I don't know what it is that could possibly change that place. Maybe like an influx of maybe several hundred thousand more illegal alien sounds good. Yeah. That'll get you bastards all whipped up to a frenzy again. That's what it's going to take. You know, that's more harmful. A couple of underdations a few weeks ago. Then they're going to do nothing. I think about another four or five hundred thousand Cubans. What do you say? Yeah. That'll get all those women out of the closet calling in. That's what we want. That's what we want. What stuff into our frenzy. Look at that. Is that incredible. Look at that phone. Man, are we on the air? Is this a joke? Is this a practical joke today? You guys are pulling on me? Did Robert Creeper actually shut the transmitter off while the show was on the air? 560, 560, 560 on a AT&T and Verizon. And what that was Robert Creeper doing in every this morning's sucking him out with us. You're not fooling anybody, Robert, okay, you turned coat, you backstabbing phony. You're not fooling us. Just keep in mind, Robert. The new model on this show. We draw the line at, that's it. You got it. We draw a big thick broad line. Yeah. Yeah. Geek. Is he, is he not the definitive geeker? What, huh? He's all right. For what? I see you're so first of all, you don't know what a good look in guy looks like beside yourself. Secondly, Robert, you wish you well, what is he got naked pictures? He wore something with a billy gold. What do you, what do you have to suck up to him for? I don't have to suck up, tell me. Good guy. He is not a good guy. He's a phony. He's a bad stabby. Play's everybody, you're right. He's okay. Yeah. The only reason I'm saying that is every now and then we need him for information. Exactly. Right. Robert was a pretty good guy. Okay. Good, you wish boy. Here's Kendall. Hello. Kendall. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. Hey, I'm calling there a, a prolific interview for a long time in the down nervous split dust. Hey, I got a funny story. I was a first and we were for 13 years. I moved Nicholas Flintstrom from Red Wing. Yeah. And I was moving a tie rack and I was trying to get the both of the wall and I said, Mr. Ritzler, how do you, you know, how does come up and it shows I did that the whole game tie rack still right down on the floor. Nice, nice, really still kind now back in our day. But, and that never, never amply card is to play for the Vikings. Yeah. I moved him one time and his wife. I was moving from Michigan to West Palm Beach and his wife, one week, we were at a early back, still stuck. And they wanted me to leave the mattress, the king mattress in the house. I wanted to leave that night in his wife's bed to go, hey, let me tell you something. I've never said I'm going to floor in my life and I'll be getting the fummin start now. So you can start unloading that whole truck at the weekend and come back tomorrow. And I got a man on man. You know, what a miserable lady, right? But hey, what's your take on the red ones this year? Well, since Kujo has played over there, I hope they lose every game. Oh, all right, just a meal. We're lucky. Well, thanks to the Zarr Anthony Carter, a little piece of trivia that nobody cares about. He went to some coast high in West Palm Beach and I broadcast those games on WGNO. Did you know that? Nope. Some coast high football, yeah. Explos might really baseball in West Palm Beach on WGNO is one of the many side things I did up there. I did a lot of things on the side. 960, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon world of sign those with the days baby. 1970, uh, five lost a hundred pounds in a year. That's the only time in my adult life. I can honestly say I look human. Can you believe that lost a hundred pounds in a year? 27 years ago. What are you laughing about? See, see, that's the way this being fat, which you know nothing about. You say to yourself, gee, it's been five years since I lost all that weight. And I just can't seem to do it anymore. Then all of the sudden you say, God, that was ten years ago I lost all of. And now it's twenty seven years. It's almost a lifetime ago. It's my life, time ago. Yeah, it's Carlos's freaking lifetime ago. I lost all of that weight. So what's my big claim to fame? Okay. Besides being fat versus why I working QA because working there, I feel very skinny. I feel like Karen Carpenter working on that station, the fattest radio station in America by far by far. We got more fat. It's America that building holds up. You know what? I wanted that elevator since that's bad shape. Hey, Greg, go hire some skinny people. Where do you have butt blood? That's why we had our Carlos. Do you where are you where that? I thought it was because nobody else. No, that's your always need got to job. He's the only skinny punk that we could find and work cheap. Very cheap, almost for free. Now who now is this online too? Hello? Hello? Yes sir. I want you to say sir. Okay sir. Did you see them on any dolphin yesterday sir? I saw about two minutes of it, yeah. They're gone. They're super ball of winning and uh, okay great. That's great, okay. Another one of those front-menic Tony fans who come a week ago was probably calling in saying, but they really suck and they look as sucks and they hold team sucks. They're gone to the super ball. We'll see maybe they will and maybe they won't. Maybe they will and maybe they won't. I was busy watching the Patriots game, which even though they had a hell of a time at those damn Vikings, it was sure a lot more exciting than a 33 blowout. I mean, you know, when in that blow-mouth there's nothing wrong with that. It's like a way that the Patriots man handle the bills couple weeks back. That's fine. But sometimes a little bit of excitement is more interesting to watch, even though it would give me a pounding headache into my guts out. Hang on, a super ball man. I'm a-I'm a-I'm a-I'm a-I'm a-I'm a-wee, wee, wee, wee. You know something after Blast Thursday night and this is yesterday. Are we blessed to be in South Florida when you come right on to win? Err, oh yeah. Aren't you blessed to be in South Florida since I'm out there? 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. How about them, Panthers man? Oh! Proving last night that a tie is not necessarily like kissing your sisters, especially when you come from two goals down in the third period and tie to put 24 seconds left in regulation. Anybody watching? Anybody care? No. No. Here's plantation. Hello. Yeah, 11 o'clock. I turned on the radio and turned you on and I hear you. We have no phone calls. I don't have any calls. I don't have any calls. So I figured, let me call them miserable bastard. Yeah. And say hello and ask them to play. Oh, no, you go back to Canada. You do bastard. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. See every time we get a call like that, you know what it's like him saying? I have no material. See rather than go through that long torture, things you want, you just say, I have nothing to say. I have no material. Here's Boca, hello. Hi, how are you doing? Okay. It's difficult to follow the intelligence that left color, but he was great. Yeah. Well, I voted for a very conservative one. Paul, I never miss a show and I loved the bedtime stories. And while you and I don't always, don't always agree. It's the only thing. Always agree if you're very conservative, how about would we ever agree? Well, no, I'll say, okay, we're two, where are we going to agree on two areas first? I disagree with this whole database set up by the government. The second thing is I agree with the Saudis. We should have taken that a long time ago. Yeah. If slide the Chevron flag over that country once and for all. Are you talking? That's right. I know. I think, Condoleezza, to get the old Chevron flag on, for all and get over there. You know, that is, and that's one of the things that the Republican Party and the conservatives have left them get away with forever and there's. And I'm sure, you know, all those reasons behind the scenes that we don't know about. But I've just had it with this group and I was, let's take, you know, well, we should have done when the commies were around. Let's draw a line in the Middle East. You guys take this half, we'll take the other. Give Russians this half and we'll take the other. Because that's the spot in the world. It's a lot of source of trouble. It's enough as enough. So that is that in the database. But I have to say that I really wish, especially from the 12th to one hour. I'm just a suggestion for me. It seems like the upper readers tend to call, you know, soon as noon rolls around, you get, you get all those left and intelligent people who call and then give you a hard time. So maybe more of them, you know, that maybe more bedtime stories then. And I miss the, the volume of bedtime stories used to do in my preach. So if it was really, because I don't have a chance to sit down and go through every single paper and even though like I said, you and I don't always agree, it was I really would be a, if you could see the pile of stuff I got here, which keeps getting bigger and bigger because like you say, and I don't read that much anymore. Like I used to there for those few months. But you know, I sent to myself, not that I really mind doing it. It's just that I realize I'm wasting my time and it's not that we're not doing it. I'm wasting my time and so I'm flooring you kiddin' me. I'm as well be talkin' to my little dog. Well, you got one here. You got, you know, why can't be the only person who enjoyed this? And definitely to Tom, Jack. Yeah, I can't be the only person who enjoyed this. Oh, and by the way, Tom, Jack, I want you to know that that Martin and Louis Show on CBS last night was a great movie, which I watched 20 minutes of it. It was the worst piece of crap I've ever seen in my life. It was garbage. It was annoying. And I turned it right off. And let Tom know that I listen to your show every day and I never read his column. So take that for what it's worth. Good choice. Thanks a lot, Tom. Thanks, Bill. I didn't like that little Tommy, you idiot. Oh yeah, he don't write anything local, Tommy. Even though he says I'm out of touch because I'm into Rhonda right now. And Amsterdam part of the year. He hasn't written anything local except that Puck piece about why 100 being on Hollywood Square or whatever it was. That's his idea of a local story. You're a joke, Tom. And you're taste in, I never television man, the Martin and Louis thing last night though, or it could've been the worst show I've ever seen in my life. Horrible acting ridiculous just the crap. Did you see any of it? No, I didn't see any of it. Man, I wonder you're in a good movie. I'm going to watch something else. What else was on? It's a proud of man. Oh, I see. I was watching part of the Panther game. I was all over the dial. I was around after after 920. I gave it a chance. Hoping it might go somewhere and it went right in the old crap or garbage. Horrible acting over done with the cracker's and mouth and breaking the plates. And it wasn't funny, see? See, one thing about Jerry Lewis when he was funny. I know that's hard to believe, but once upon a time he was actually funny, not a mess, movie. Monday racing is back at Papeno Park tonight. Papeno was now open for live harness racing. Every Monday, like tonight, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, we're into our full fortnight of week schedule. First, post time, 715 PM. There is free general parking, free clubhouse and grandstand emission every afternoon, evening. But don't forget, if Monday racings back at Papeno Park, then there has to be a free spaghetti night coming up. Oh, how about next Monday, December 2th? With every Papeno Park program purchased that Monday after 6pm next Monday, you get a coupon good for a free spaghetti dinner at the fourth floor of players lounge. Life doesn't get much better than that. Free spaghetti will work at you one. Bring your teeth in a glass. Why not come out for an evening or great horse racing action? Move home a winner from the real features up to a private box seat on the fourth floor, or enjoy a Ben and Jerry's hot foot Sunday, or slice of a lot of these pizza. By the way, Neil, we know you like Ben and Jerry's any other food you like? That was one of my favorite cause last week, Carlos. Yeah, remember that guy? Yeah. Any other food you like? No, that's all I eat Ben and Jerry's. And the proud county fears underway, Papeno Park through December 1, make it a double headed with a trip to the fair, then the race is plunged your brains out. Don't forget, every Wednesday, if Papeno Park is dollar a night, you can get a draft beer, hot dog, soda, large pretzel or popcorn for only a bucket piece. The Saturday, November 30th will be family funnily to track with free finger painting. I thought, I'll, I'll, free finger printing. I can't believe this. Free finger printing and photo IDs for kids. They're going to finger print your kids. Free, free, free many horse rides. They had a finger print some of the drivers. Free popcorn, free face painting and magic show and stuff of the parents too. Like free drugs, the wind tickets on seascape, casino, dinner crews. What is that? Top of the park offering full card, soma casting every day, seven days we starting a noon with high light harness and third bird racing action. Don't forget to dig news is live racing tonight and every Monday, Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday, 730 at Pompano Park on Powerline Road, a Blacks South Atlantic Boulevard and prestigious Pompino Beach. Subscribe and local and hear sports video 560s UAE. It's day, this is my every town. Have five six oh, WQA. A brand on New Year's, a brand on New Year's, a brand from New Year's. With your funky yellow keys so far apart, underly the country's little what you be doing. You as just like it, broken schmarts a stop. Is you day goes you a hat don't you? Is you deflacated and you're mabbed or this mopped? Does they lack? Are you sure there's shoes from the leafs? Oh the way you wash them off the white is cars. You're too young, you're too busy, you're too kind of lazy. Who's there now, I love some of the greedy oil mow. But then he make you clean all the white house bathroom. The property, the toilet and then scrub the floor. Hey, you go with sandals, god don't leave the old. Your funky gold milk makes them all over the region, you. Your napping, they get, look you slide, get me velcro. If you're p, what you'd be that dopey stew? And they while you be stepping fast, k? Maybe that's. That day, dreaming you just like your ester room. That's when your head will move from the other side from the leafs. Into bush and rumoured, they be crack or asshole. Even people magazine ask the suck up to the right wingers now, but put in Donald Rumspel or Rummy in there and elist of the sexiest man in the world. What are we talking about here? Seriously, I can now cow pie is sexier than he is. Even Miguel would admit that. Who doesn't know what a good looking guy looks like number one and number two don't want to offend anybody on the right. Baton Rouge, Louisiana speaking of politics and already bitter US Senate campaign got personal Saturday afternoon to conclude the conclusion of a tape debate between Democrats Senator Murray Landrown Republican state elections commissioner Suzanne Terrell. What if she's kidding Tammy Terrell, do you think? At your tenth, thirty minute segment, tape the WDSU studio as a new Orleans. How about the Saints, those in the hood of what girls team they lose to the other day? The Saints lost like to the Browns, didn't they? Oh my god, anyway after a tenth, thirty minute taping segment, the two candidates were preparing to leave according to witnesses Landrown looked over a shorter and told Terrell, this is your last campaign. A stun to well replied, she threatened me. No other words passed between the new New Orleans women, but moderator Alegyford said Landrown appeared peered. She just kind of stalked out of the studio of Yiferd said. A Landrown spokesman Rich Masters said the comment wasn't a threat, but in prediction that after running such a negative campaign, Terrell would no longer be viable as a candidate Louisiana. A Terrell spokesman said Terrell was shocked at what happened and saw this aside of Landrown's desperation. The bad blood has been a long time coming, though we have never been bad blood by the coasters? No. During the primary, the National Republican Senator of Committee Finance, they bare knuckle campaign against Landrown claiming she had turned her back on Louisiana in the runoff Landrown as began to strike back. In a new TVH, she says to wellfavors, tax relief only for the wealthy. Sounds like kind of a bush thing, if you ask me. Sounds like kind of a Republican thing. If you ask me. 560-050-560-050 on the AT&T line. 254 votes on a poll on theorodges.com. How do you rate yourself politically? Fairly liberal 115, independence 71. Fairly conservative 63. Very liberal 57. Very liberal. Not into politics at all 33. And very conservative like that last caller was a pretty good guy by the way, 15. How come he was like so reasonable? And I wore those real goose stepping card curing. How come he was like that? Maybe he was a per year. Here's Boka, hello. Boka? Yes sir. Hello, Leo. Yes sir. Yes sir. Yeah, this is from Boka. I want to share a laugh with you guys. I hope you enjoyed as much as I did. The other day I was driving down the street. And I remember that bit you guys do about the retired little girl riding a driving car. I think she goes do do do do do do do do do do do do do. Yeah. Anyway, I looked up and saw me and had a home drawn sign. That said, slow children at play. And I, the bit in that picture, I couldn't help the crack up. I just went hand in hand. I know you inspired me inspired me to play in a little bit. Well, thanks a million. And I appreciate you for the last 10 years. Well, thank God for you sir. Have a great day. You too. Thank you. Roll up. See that? Not the wrong with that. How many weeks we got Thanksgiving coming up? Let's be thankful. We got some nice people out there who are not upset. Who don't want me to become more conservative or more religious or to become straight and start chasing after how women like Rosie O'Donnell. You know? Because they ain't going to happen. I just put that out there just to prove a point. I think I accomplished my goal. And that is no matter what you do. You're never going to please this audience man. You'll please some of them. Three-fourths, I guess. That ain't too bad, right? Can't please Miguel because we put him on the spot right off the bat today. We're going to make the offering opinion about whether in weekdays or good looking guy or not. He's still as responded to it. That's okay. That's okay. We won't tell anybody around the building what you said. No, it's too late now. In weekdays. You only wish that you were in weekdays. Hell yeah. Yeah. Oh there we go. You only wish. Yeah. I don't have this agreement with you there. I mean you're a good looking guy but you're not in his category. And you certainly don't have his money. That's what you want. You want his money and see the thing about him. I want to make a quick offer look for him. Yeah. No matter which way he swings. No matter what he's doing or who he's doing. The fact of the matter is he can do anybody he wants to do. How do you like that? Now even you even a pretty damn good looking spick like you can't say that. Can you? No, I can't. Have you ever been turned down? Yes. Yeah. You bet. Do you think anybody's turned in and Rikai down? No. I shouldn't turn him down. Neither would Carlos for the right price. Well. Ha ha ha. Yeah. You're doing Rikai in our heartbeat. Okay. Just so you can come on here and say, I'll guess what? Yeah. And by the way, the word is what he told us. And this is how to see people think I make this up. That he's hung like a butterfly. That's when he passed that message along to us like personal a couple years ago. He's hung like a CT fly. Oh, he told you privately. He didn't tell me that directly, but he passed the message. See what I'm going to. I've never spoken to him directly. What is his good friend surely Brooks is kind of like our liaison. You know, it's kind of like the go between right. So in other words, when he's got a conscient wants to invite me to wreck or when he wants to send over one of his new CDs and autograph it, which I got to you'll find him back on a wall there. Maybe that wasn't information he wanted. Populized. Now, what what difference doesn't make, okay? He stuffed up a plant in his pants for that picture in people magazine. My. And look. This is for a real high city. Anyway. Oh, yeah. So the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station. Oh, he put a retard in girl in our own. You must get to be seated. Show you how well it drives. Yeah. Yeah. Look at her go. This is funny. You're watching retires at the park. How are you? She thought this would move some product out of the show room. Really? Really? Really? Look at her go. Look at her go. What happened? This is funny. You're watching retires at the park. Really? Really? Really? Really? Really? Really? Really? Really? Really? If someone that severely regretting can have that much fun and energy. She's very talented. She's having a wonderful one thing to do. We watch out for it. I'm 31 at 5.60. I don't watch step-in-all when that last thing is like just about to hit the wall. Need some music for this next door? I can play James Bond music for this because it's a Bond kind of a story but I think this is more appropriate. The resourceful Q James Bond's keypens generous captured moviegoers imagination for decades by offending the secret agent with a stasis to spy gauge. It's fake fingerprints. And under water, reader, toxic pens and killer umbrellas. But reality might be catching up with a fictional spy taker example. These self-destructing DVD. These discolored information that's thrown in for a set amount of time, 8 to 60 hours then poop. The content mysteriously self-destruct. Can you read about these? You have now. If fits the theme of James Bond very well, so Alan Blowsdien had a flex play. A two-year-old start-up in the university that is patented to technology. What a great theme, huh? Let's do most TV themes again. What do you say? I love those shows. Think the audience hates those? They like them. I like it. And anyway, the latest Bond flick, Guy Another Day, uses flex play DVDs to show reporter scenes from movie before it was released. The this included letter from Q warning recipients once you're moved to DVD from its packaging. You only have 36 hours to watch it. After the time is elapsed, two's letter advises that this then makes a nice martini coaster. How did the disc work while Blowsdien was secretive about that? Chemistry technology is all you would say, but watching the discs turn into a deep color, deep purple color after the 136 hour interval yielder than important clue as did the company's website. Because DVDs are optically read, the clarity and transmission of light through the disservice are critical to playback performance. Blossdien said the self-destructing discs are a good way to give customers a quick taste of music. Movies are TV show. The discs which are copy-protected enticed by us to pop down money for the non-disappuring version of the content he says. Like that self-destructing take right in relation to possible. The check-notch you could also be used by software companies trying to dissuade computer owners from illegally sharing the same version of it installed this. Flex played discs are so low that they've been used only for one other promotion. In October of music CD was handed out to empty-beat Latin American fans. When his brother company will go from here to top secret, Blossdien said he's working on a number of deals, nothing I can talk about right now he's simply is not worried that reality will catch up with James Bond script writers. Hollywood is 50 or 60 steps at everybody else he'd be saying. I love it. 26 till noon at 5 o'clock at night. It's been a little bit of a schizophrenic mad dog today. I would assume for an extended about the dolphin big one yesterday very depressed about me Shegan getting beat by Ohio state on Saturday. What a shame. What a shame and is that said anybody who went to Michigan state. I didn't make an exception when Tom Brady played for Michigan. I was rooting for Michigan. I was pulling for him. Which goes to sure where I'm coming from. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five. See him again. That might have gone. Yeah I can hear it up here. I hear you mumbling that under your breath. pound five 60 on A T and T. Am I right Carlos did you see him out did you take that word? Yeah. You think she said you're burning? That's more like Candace. I'm here. Who didn't no. He says that I did a come on there. I want to say that his lips were that I did see his lips move with. See he's trying to stop before things. Yeah. I can control your board for me. See. Look don't push him too far. He already admitted that, in a week. He is a good looking guy. And he just did that that's it for the day. Okay, don't push him beyond that. You'll have an emotional breakdown Here's North Miami Beach, hello North Miami Beach where there's a lot of tutoring going on Hello Okay too much tutoring. Okay. Take the phone out of your next time you call, okay? Boy, here's Miami. Hello. Hey, my name is our hand you listen. What's up? Right now it's the best of both words. The world you could read articles and take phone calls because when you do Too much of one and not enough for the other is kind of boring. That's right. You got to mix it up a little bit baby. That's what I always say and also The James McComb movie the May 47 million and They said that they might make 50 four million so they're saying that they might make a whole much eight mile movies So some crap like that. Did you hear a thing about that? Oh, sure. Hope not Maybe they can move down to seven miles seven mile and libernoi Okay, you worry before you start it. Okay 5 670 560 pound five 60 on the you all I understand what he's coming from. In other words if if M&M movie made more than James Bond They'll when I have a whole bunch of money say I don't have a whole bunch of M&M's anyway. I sure do like them purple ones 5 670 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T Wednesday last time he had a good crunchy bar by the way Never have a crunchy I hate chocolate so Why I got I got to strangest people I work with on this show, you know whoever heard of anybody who hates chocolate whoever Who ever heard of such a thing? Most people would die for chocolate most people are obsessed with chocolate most people are chocolate hollocks When I talk about that nestle these turtle ice cream people are going They're they're making guttables sounds they're sticking their finger in each other. Let them and if they can't find somebody else in their own But Really, yep now now when you eat ice cream for example you eat ice cream Like caramel dulce and leche I said do you eat ice cream is what was the question? What you just mentioned is not ice cream. Okay first of all. I must be hog and does no I hate hog and does oh Farm stores brand far oh, that's even worse Storm stuff that's about it. That's about a generic is you can get that's almost like having a package that has no brand name on it It just says generic ice cream and why not because Carlisves kind of like a generic guy. Oh, if you saw him He's about as generic looking as anybody I've received so if that's right in there you go Five I just I don't know how to how I did oh there it is I thought I lost my name a thing Yeah, don't push your luck. Okay that one was great Fish and impossible was good save it for another day like maybe tomorrow 380 8 votes on a pull already how do you rate yourself politically fairly liberal 125 independent 81 fairly conservative 69 I think you made that number up Miguel sure did very liberal 62 not into politics at all 34 and very conservative 17 got him all over the place on issue. That's why we like it A-O-R all over the road Steven Schwartz writes in the New York post today News of possible support by the Saudi World family for the butchers of 911 and a new report on the massive serving arm sales to Saddam Hussein Should be vise our membership list for the access of evil the evil doers But president Bush first used the phrase he before do a rack your ran in North Korea three row states that have assisted terrorists throughout the world But Iraq is different from Iran in North Korea the latter to our turinies and crisis in terran Reformers are locked in combat with reactionaries to be defined the nature of the Islamic Republic further a ran is indicated It would support our actions against Saddam Hussein And Pianyang a brittle and impoverished experiment more court confusion and communist is clearly failed You're meant to pianyang Saddam Hussein is a fascist and fascism is different from ordinary to any fashion as they stink The chemical weapons used to massacre whole populations of cup throats and of spilled blood of the wholesale degradation of society Too many may be tragic but fascism is simply criminal Iran does not support Saddam but Saudi Arabia does if only backhandedly By trying to divert our attention from the serial killer and Baghdad to the ongoing crisis in Israel And while our political and media geese cackle that there's no connection between Saddam and I live in more links between that Horan Saudi regime are revealed daily The latest federal authorities have not had decided how to investigate a monetary gift from Princess Haifa life of Saudi Ambassador to the West Prince Bond Arban Sultan two of the 911 height to two of the 911 hijackers 15 of the 19 as we know were Saudi subjects Saudi Arabia and its well hobby death cult represent naked Islamophacism I like that word Islamophacism with the same stink the order that hung in the York so long after 911 the unmistakable Smell of the dead victims of Wahhabi Saudi terrorism inside and outside of kingdom There's nothing surprising in fighting a money trail from the 911 scumb to the police or residents of Prince Bandar 15 of 19 was not attacked by Osama bin Laden it would be logical and inevitable product of Wahhabi as a misstate religion of the Saudi monarchy And who occupies third place in the fascist taxes much more so than North Korea the government of Serbian or less Which only three years ago was busy visiting itself with murdering Albanian children and Kosovo As detailed an image of report to be released today by the international crisis group title arming Sodom the Yugoslop connection Serbian has derived billions in income from the massive sale the side of a biological chemical and missile technology from Elepareus Serbia the murderer of hundreds of thousands of Bosnia Muslims and Albanians is an actual partner for Sodom the killer of the Kurds and Saudi Arabia Patriot of 911 the stink is identical Serbia reintroduced real fascism the europea decade ago with all the prerequisite props Concentration camps mass rapes liquidation of whole villages the massacre of civilians Serbian society is rotten to the core and seems almost incapable of redeeming itself Sodom the Saudi Arabia and Serbia comes to the genuine fascist access and that's the real axis of evil Is war necessary against all of them? No Serbia has been defeated what it needs is the purge of all fascist elements from its political and economic life and their full punishment Nor as war needed in Saudi Arabia we must compel the Saudis to come clean about their involvement 911 thoroughly and truthfully We must demand full an exemplary punishment of all criminals behind 911 and we must compel the Saudi rulers Deceivered links between monarchy and state on the one hand and Wahabiism on the other good luck He says this can be done and must be done with a hobby Wahabiism road from power Saudi Arabia a transition to democracy maybe again War is not required for this to happen In Iraq our president will I believe make the right decision using the military technology we saw used so effectively and Cocival but make no mistake the real access to evil stinks of fascism of death and cruelty from delgrade to Baghdad via Reod and a war against fascism is what we should be rated joint where it's even Schwarzenegger is New York Post. How do you like them apples huh? Like 18 till noon at 560 wqm let's go kick some ass babies to yang baby Yes Oh I Yes! We could chase them round forever With our tanks and all our troops Its special forces are so tired Of jumping through them rules You'd probably need another airplane So let's cut out all the nonsense And go blow up Pakistan All right! Now quit and even do your tank Why don't we stop pussy food? Yeah! And go blow up Pakistan And of course Saudi Arabia happens to be on the way If you know what I'm saying Boom boom Look at the 47 at 5.60WQAM We're going to have to go on again Well I've heard it's a battle today What kind of a choice is the beast going to have on Thursday Poor guy Don't you think that if he's smart being tanked Given a sense for years on his show We've had the rich and on thanks given day of playing Like mostly comedy but it's all day You see what I'm saying? Don't you think that would be a good idea? That would not be a bad idea I'm not trying to tell him how to do the show And I don't think that would be, you know, since he's going to be there actually live It's probably, you know, would be a cop out to do all stuff But a lot of that would probably be good I'm just a suggestion Yeah, because I think you're going to get a tremendous amount of response on the phone Like we're having a day for example I'm going to go out and you beat this Here's our call from Fort Lauderdale Hello Hi, how are you today? Okay, sir By the way, thank you for reading all these great articles I wanted to let you know that in the 2000 I've talked about these 2002 New Yorkers There's a great story about Condoleezza Rice They talk about it, childhood or background or parents They quote some of our friends And if you haven't seen it, are the athletes offended to you If you, your screen is giving me a PO box And also in Harper's, there's a story By Nicholas Fraser about what the Europeans are all saying behind our backs That this called the Europe and America have the irreconcilable differences And I know those are two articles that you would enjoy They've done what you read And I will somehow get them to you if you want them Okay, hang on Thank you very much Okay, give him an address and pretend we want to know we want those Take care of that Carlos, okay Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six boys Few and far between and I sure am glad I wasted my time I met at People Magazine thing A lot of women call it about that No, not one Not one The annual issue I got right here on the floor It's belongs, sixiest man alive Then I flick Which has got a list, huh? Maybe they agree Yeah, but that's not the point How about all these other people on list? How about Simon Cowell? How about Benjamin Braff? Pierce Brosnan? Jimmy Fallon? Oh my god, is he ugly or a woman? I'm not a woman I'm not a woman I'm not a woman Jimmy Fallon? Oh my god, is he ugly or what? What do you mean? What do you mean? Seriously, this is the biggest bunch of Keeper's sublain? 24th of the good show Jesse James Most of these are people I wouldn't touch with your hand Harry Connig Jr. Oh, good, golly Miss Molly Let's take up a collection to get some guy damn eyeglasses Let's get some ophthalmological appointments for some of the women on his panel Who picked these for people magazine again Anderson Cooper From ABC's The Mole? He looks like the mole Can he chesney? From the no-shoes, no-shirt, no problems No-ch-mid, man as he grows Minut eyes, what a list of losers on here And Donald Rumsfeld And not the mention John Legweez, what's his name? Like was ammo? That's it Oh Who's a midget from Mulan Rouge? I've stepped on stuff that looked better than that But nothing from the audience Because we don't have any women out there Don't give me this song into the answer about They don't call because they have whatever Whatever that woman was saying earlier on the show They don't call because unless it has to do with hate Unless it has to do with a hate-spix They don't have anything else to say That's it They hate-spix Fappa, fappa, spick it in glaze Fappa, that's it That's the repertoire of soft-flot is English-speaking women Or what they want something Oh yeah, you're gonna eat free tickets Here's Hialia, hello Hello Hello, Neil? Yes sir Hey, this is Paul from Ilya Yes Paul? By the way, my wife's Cuban and she wants to get out of Hialia But I'm here since I was born Yeah But anyway, I'm a green goat I've been wondering is it possible that there's Kale and the talk show industry Meaning what? Well since 911 you get out all these right wingers There's no liberals anymore There's no- If you'll notice today I'm struggling here to try to get I think I've had two people at anything political To say today and arrested the public as out there Move it like that Yeah Because the right wingers are well organized They support these fascists that are on the year over the country today And the rest of us man We're sucking wind There's no liberals on here anymore Well it just seems to me that every time No matter what they're talking about They're not going to be in the middle of the country They're not going to be in the middle of the country And the rest of us man, we're sucking wind There's no liberals on here anymore Well it just seems to me that every time No matter what they're talking about Somebody squeezes into something about how bad Clinton was No matter what they're talking about Yeah And it just seems like you know maybe they get paid for things Something about Clinton Last time I checked he wasn't in office anymore For my last two years They were talking about him Yeah But anyway And have a great thing But anyway So here's the picture of Enrique He looks pretty good to me And it's quite a what the Miguel said John Corbett Man is he grow test, huh? He's not just not hot looking He's ugly he's an ugly man Okay he's an ugly freaking man At least been af like he's okay He never stole a freight train here and look too bad How about your bad demon? Huh? He got jailo There you go like I said Don't be too sure what that mean I think I got a pretty good idea about that She also had puffed Ditty 560560 560560 on the AT&T In Verizon wireless line wash I'd love to see it just the one day before they stick me in the box Just the one day when all these thones Have the balls to come out of their freaking closets Oh god, what I would pay to see that And to see the reaction of all the Americano Oh no, that can't be you Oh no, it's gonna be alive Right J.L.L. My big fat Raccoom ass and hers too, okay There's about as much chance that she's gonna see Ben Affleck Nick it is you're gonna see him None Here's Boca hello Hey guys, listen I want to get back on the whole Saudi issue You're talking about the fours, really good article And you know it just goes to show that these Saudis are the absolute worst You are absolutely 100% correct and throwing them into the active survival Put them at the top of the dam What top of the list man? Dude got it, man, it's ridiculous you know Just take a big hose in the ground and put a USA flag over it And we'll start pumping the gas tomorrow That many times I've been making a segment This whole thing that we're talking about with Iraq and everything else Well, let's face facts This whole deal going on with Iraq now has absolutely jacked to do with weapons of Max All right, he's doing with all I owe and it will win a while That's all it is It's all politics in its oil And that's what it will down to You got it It's a good move and it's a real good move because when it's almost all set and done When everything is over The people are going to be crapping in their pants or the Saudis Because they're going to be sitting there going You know what? Now we got enough of it now The United States isn't beholding too much for oil anymore Uh-oh, we got to start flying straight And that's really interesting How come how about on a way over to Iraq? We drop a few on the Saudis since it's right on a way anyway Oh, because we got to be politically correct You know I mean that's the whole point to it all, you know We go in under the pretense of what we're taking our weapons of Max destruction But hey, guess what when it's all set and done Guess what the next arrows are going to be pointed at? You don't think it's because our government is in collusion with the Saudis and business day Am I any chance? Oh, well, maybe only collusion we have is the fact that we're beholding to them for oil I mean that's it, you know We're going to be through dependent upon them It's been that way for years and this was so crisis has gone on as long as it has Because we're because of the whole entire world situation But you know what? No one ever took out the world trade center before Once you play that game it's like, oh well, if you're going to do that then guess what? We're going to change the whole uh, the whole uh, politics of the situation overnight We'll take out Iraq and now all of a sudden we're not beholding to you anymore Now you've got a fly straight You know, and that's what I'm going to say about it As soon as you start acting like it's going to like it like a, uh, a terrorist This type of destroying uh, uh, I'm in a, oh, forget it Now they're now the situation has changed totally Anytime to do what we have to do And that's exactly what this is all about And it's pretty complex, absolutely Well, I believe we want to see it We'll, we'll see, I hope you're right I'll believe we want to see it Moderate Saudis, you don't have to say it's like, kosher brought worst Ever seen any of that? 450 votes on a pool How do you rate, uh, yourself politically We've got a fairly liberal 131 independent 89 Furly conservative 72 Very liberal 66 Not in a palm fix at all 37 and very conservative 20 5 and a local, this is 560 3 years old, you're, you ain't But that, I do believe it be the one that's more valuable veg fuck I split my bag here to throw a lot of my weight. Where am I supposed to go? The hell you squeaky little bastard? Hey, I don't think I got to meet you boys. You don't know. No. I think you need your balls examined. My balls. That's right. Now drop your pants so I can examine them. No. You, if I want to like and dismiss again. Yeah. And I'll pay my command. Okay. Who? That's bigger than Oscar Maya truck. Yeah. Jesus, look at that. You're my place light over here. Where's your balls? You're there. You're packing up tight under your pants and no balls. I got balls, you're at the limit. Oh yeah. Let's see what happens when I swear my foot down on your feet. Oh yeah. That hurt. Oh. Hey. Your voice. Yes. You sound kind of the normal. Yes. Quite right. It's a far, far better way to sound. I thought the leaves. Hey. Let me see if I can get a load. Say something. Fall off the bone baby back ribs. See that your balls dropped into the... Pretty good, huh? He's the of the rockies. You like that, huh? Yeah. Yeah. You like that, eh? See when happens when I put him back up. I'll put him back. See. Oh, be the face. When you've got a better face than me. Hey. Hey. What do you think? This thing's right for me like a cobra. I can't fool. It's for you. I don't want to be. No! No! Probably 1506WQM. Happy Monday, too. We've got the man dog at one. Here's a lady in Miami, hello. I knew, how are you? Okay. The reason the women have been called regarding the people's magazine's men. Men, 60, as men award. Yeah. We're all in shock. We're just in shock. The lips. I don't understand. These women must have been on heavy, heavy alcohol when they made those decisions. Maybe they were all blind. You think that could be it? Well, you know, there's a joke about how the two o'clock woman in two AM women keep looking good after the men have been in the bar for a couple hours. And I think that these women must have been in some kind of a bar drinking and anything look good to them after two AM in the morning. Maybe these were like Afghan women who had the book on for like the last 30 years. Don't know, rum felt. Don't worry. I mean, I'll tell you there were some really gross task choices. But rum felt. I'm trying. Please, please. I want to be you so bad. Me's only 100 years old. Oh, my god. How can anybody even want to even touch that man without getting him at least under different types of vaccines? That would be I'm taking a beautiful rib eye steak and putting it on a plate and letting it sit there for 100 years and coming back on. But usually I say, what is that a beautiful looking steak? Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. I think there must have gotten paid for this to put this guy on there. I don't know. Okay, do this every year every single year. People magazine is famous for taking some of the most gross test-looking people and putting them on as list. And I have no idea why. What about Brotsnik? This guy's he's like, he's had it. I mean, let him get somebody else to do bond. He needs to go into the pasture real quick. And I know that he's nice to look at on top of it. Well, you know, all that makeup and everything, you know, even then. I mean, him on television was on any of that makeup when he's like on being interviewed. He's got he just full of freckles. And what about what about, what about Hugh Grant? I'm leaving through this thing again. And I'm looking at these people. I mean, I had was good hair. Yeah. But I don't know that. You know what? I do have to agree. I do think that after like they said, good looking guy and so is on re-cax. So I do agree with both of those choices. And how could they have Tom Brady's ad in the middle of this thing and somehow they managed to leave him out? Yeah. Yeah. I'm telling him, they must have been, you know, drunk out of their mind. And anything look good to them at that point. Heavy drugs and people. Okay. Thanks. We'd like to hear. Have a great day. Yeah. There's also a thing. I mean, I've got 700 different categories in here. I killed it. Fill up a lot of pages in between all the ads. And there's a thing in here, men of action. And there's a, well, what, oh, and they also ask, which of these guys look better? Did they look better with glasses or without a heart? Here at a spexapil. People.com has 20,665 readers that these men look better with two eyes or four. And they show like pretty Prince Jr. and 60% as he looks better with a glass and 40% with a, but how come pretty Prince Jr. ended a list of good looking guys? Even Miguel would have meant he's a pretty good looking guy. Like I said, even Miguel would admit, you're a piece of crap, man. You're so full of crap. You know, Carlos is right about you. There's no hope. You are such a brainwash spick. It's just unbelievable. Mr. Macho. He would know a good looking guy if he a bit of on the lip. He might enjoy it though, because he's Cuban. And that handoff writes in the Yavila's voice this past Friday to 22th. Resistance rising. He says despite the self satisfaction of George W. and John Ashcroft and the son moments of the press, there is rising resistance around the country to the sewer abuses of our liberties. More Americans are becoming aware of what was gotten democratic, Senator West Bengal prophesied from the Senate floor October 11, 2001 when he was the only senator to vote against Ashcroft's USA Patriot Act. There is no doubt that if we live in a police state, it would be easy to catch terrorists. If we live in a country where police will allow the search you're home at any time for any reason, if we live in a country where the government isn't head to open your mail, even drop on your phone conversations or intercept your email communications. If we live in a country where people could be held in jail and definitely based on what they write or think, or based on mere suspicion that they're up to no good, the government would probably discover more terrorists or would be terrorists, just as would find more lawbreakers generally, but that would not be a country in which we want to live. Some of that morning has come to pass. What has become more specifically evident is underlined by Lincoln Kaplan, and he November December issue of legal affairs, a magazine of Yale Law School. The USA Patriot Act authorized law enforcement agencies to inspect the most personal kinds of information, medical records, bank statements, college transcripts, even church memberships, but what is more starling than the scope of these new powers is that the government can use them on people who aren't suspected of committing any crime. As then House Majority Leader Dick Armie, a conservative Republican libertarian told Georgetown University Law Professor Jeffrey Rosen on the October 21st New Republic, the Justice Department seems to be running a mock and out of control. This agency right now is the biggest threat to personal liberty in the country. The Defense Department isn't even vigor threat with its or well-earned plan to place all of us under surveillance more on that later column at Handauv Rights. One side of the growing fear of losing our Bill of Rights protections against an out-of-control government came from the Heartland. On September 8 of this year, the Journal Gazette, a daily newspaper in Fort Wayne, Indiana, published a full page, five column editor, and a couple of years before it was first such broadside nearly 20 years. The headline was the tax on liberty, in the name of National Security President Bush, attorney general John Aschcroft and even Congress, had pulled strand after strand out of the constitutional fabric that distinguishes the United States from other nations. Actions taken over the past year are eerily reminiscent of tyranny portrayed to the most nightmarish works of fiction, the power to demand reading list from libraries could have been drawn from the pages of Ray Bradbury's Fahrenheit 451. The sudden suspension of due process for immigrants rounded up into jail's as permitted readers of simpler Lewis's if can't happen here. But what is most encouraging is to continue growth in citizen towns throughout the nation of Bill of Rights Defense committees or their equivalents, a member of which are working with ACIDU affiliates. The first VOR DC is reported here was formed in February this year in North Antimessa, Tussets, when about 300 doctors, nurses, lawyers, students, teachers and retirees, formed a group to protect the citizens of that town from the USA Patriotic and the subsequent unilateral attacks on our liberties by John Aschcroft. After the North Antimessa Council unanimously passed in May a resolution officially supporting the protest of the VOR DC, other towns and cities learned how to organize similar committees to the North Antim Group's website, www.vodc.org. 14 town or city councils from Tacoma Park, Maryland and Elatua County, Florida, to Santa Fe, New Mexico and Berkeley, California, have now passed some time unanimously similar resolutions originated by the local VOR DC organizations. Other proposals are pending before local government bodies and 40 more cities in towns and 24 states, one VOR DC is information in New York City. Next week, the details of some of these resolutions that involve city and state police and local members of Congress, the roots of the bill of rights, the defense committees, it's important to remember our in the pre-revolutionary committees, of course, bonded initiated by Sam Adams in the sense of liberty in Boston in 1754. In 1805 in Boston there was published Mercy Otis Warren's history of the rise in progress, intramation of the American Revolution. A historian playwright and political pamphleteers, he wrote in this her major work, perhaps no single step contributed so much to cement the union of the colonies and the final acquisition of independence as the establishment of committees and correspondence. This supported a chain of communication from New Hampshire to Georgia that produced unanimity and energy throughout the continent. Sam Adams and other patriots continuously spread the news of attacks on liberties of these new Americans by the king, his ministers and his governors and officers and the colonies. These committees, as Supreme Court Justice William Brennan once told me, were a precipitating cause of the American Revolution. Yet John asked cropped accuses his critics among most active of which are the bill of rights defense committees of capitulating to the enemy. More Americans are coming to agree with the government that ask cropped Justice Department is the biggest threat to personal liberty in the country, who then are the American Patriots now as Nethandoff in Friday's village voice. Pretty good article, Nat. S. Go on, baby. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Don't forget to join the overnight guys, join Mark tonight 9-11 along with special guests from the dolphins. Trent Gamble, who? At Gaspis and Davies, staff out of win prizes and Jewish specials on Crown Royal. It's the 49ers and the Eagles, Monday night football Gaspis tonight and Davy and McGill will be there. It's sucking up the free booze. In fact, I'm sure after a couple of drinks he'll be telling, boy, you know that, and McGill really is a pretty good look. Gaspis, that's pretty Prince Jr. man. He bad. 431 votes on a poll. How do you rate yourself politically? Fairly liberal 134 independent 92, very liberal 76, fairly conservative 72, not into politics at all. 378 and a half percent of this crap. We don't give a crap. And very conservative 20, 4.5 percent. Let's see, when you take fairly in the very conservative, but 21 percent. And that's shocking to you. What is it? Eh? The hell with that? Exactly. That was my reaction exactly. What is he doing? Is he reading the funny papers again to show George Tomay all last couple of ways? He reads the funny papers during the show. Yeah. I don't know if you're going to say that's surprising to you. I don't think he ever scut anything to worry about. No, and see, it's usually about 18 percent. And it has been 18 percent, but I think that we're starting to get some, you know, some intruders in there. Some carpet baggers. Here's plantation, hello. Hey, how are you doing? I'm right. Hey, I want to tell you, man, I'm a little bit too too far along time. My dad turned me on to you. Yeah. And I'm a little break at school, okay. I want to talk about a couple of things. I'm a little young, so you can maybe be constructive, but isn't it an independent liberal the same thing? I mean, does it kind of have no political relations? No. Is that kind of like the same term? Independent and liberal is the same thing? Well, you know, I mean, in terms of being able to make it a situation for yourself and that really really brought you up to you. No. No. No liberal is liberal independent is like what you just said. Independent is like non-committal. It comes from, you know. Wow. Well, that's what I mean. I got some interesting to talk to you about the president and a little bit of the Panthers to go Panthers, by the way. Panthers are called. How do you like that? Oh, you know, you know, maybe I love the Panthers. You're just a pro-panther game, by the way. I wish to one while I was down there. I went to one game. The Pittsburgh game turned into pretty good game one and overtime. I'll read a break. You know, I mean, I got to be a ticket that I'm ruining. You should sit and have the bench as I used to come in the street every once in a while. You need some great stuff when you're trying to fire them. Murray's that was some great stuff over there. But did you know that our great president ever served in the National Guard? Yeah. Did you ever know about that? He was a pilot for about five minutes. Yeah. Well, did you ever know that he was this honorably discharged? Because he refused to take a drug test? Yeah. Yeah. We already handled that before the election. It didn't amount to a people on the snow. He's the different. His whole family is the Teflon family. Yeah. It's kind of interesting. Because, you know, you know, he's trying to pass a lot of these interesting, laws across the board that let people look into your back down to whatnot. But, I mean, you know, no one really takes a look at his background. Yeah. They're just like they're like the abortion and Texas that he paid for that. They somehow share that woman up right before the election. Yeah. That's crazy stuff. It's crazy stuff. I also don't understand how they put rum so that was they should at least put our efflashment. He's a lot greater than rum so. Yeah. He's loved that. Sure loved to rub his bald spot. Not. How are you? How are you liking the canters right now? They're looking for the look and we'll look at the last year. I'll tell you, Kenan's got these kids playing good. But, you know, it's really very sad though, which nobody wants to talk about because nobody cares about them. Anyway, is the fact that if they just had one or two more young veterans on the team if they would have kept Whitney, if they had maybe kept so much around the team, and maybe what's his name? The defenseman has played for the Black Hawk's now with Hell's his name. What about the real problem? It's his face. It comes with his face. It comes with his face. Interdirection. No, and there's airs. Oh, my God. He's playing insane. John's now. That was the maple. Are you playing for the Chicago? Let me see. The American player playing insane. John's sir. I'm talking about Yaroslav Spachek who's now playing with Columbus. Spachek Spachek. I'm sorry. I'm saying it's a two or three more veterans on his team. They could really be a serious contender. But unfortunately, it's strictly the youngsters new organization. And Kenan's got to play very well. Last night was a nice comeback. They got to, you know, picked up another point. And even though they're getting all these ties to points you're mounting up. Yeah. I like John Mr. And I like my ESC. They're pretty good. They got caught. Checking they got filled. Know that coming. They got some good young defensemen. Yeah. You know. But you know, maybe the Opsies and they'll go to the Makeup push for some free agents. So that'll be a lot more. I know. I got a last last last last last last last last last last. Just like they did last summer. Okay, pal. Have a great day. Okay. We don't want to turn off the whole audience. Look at all the phones drop off over talking hockey. That's it. We reached the quarter hockey. How did I ever survive those hockey shows? Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line 12 13 a Q a M. I'll tell you what they're making sure it's flying by again today for me. I don't know about for you. It's just flying by. Don't ask me why. I'm not saying the calls have been great. But yeah, we've had a couple here a couple there. Every now and then Carlos goes like that. And it kind of like moves it along a little bit. And of course Miguel assumes that much in the people magazine article he claims up. Yeah. That's that's his sound. Hey, let me tell you right now if you want to feel a little bit better about yourself. If you want to improve your health here's a great product very inexpensively can help you be doing it. Oryoman. That's right. Oryoman Mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of the finest olive oil. You'll find anywhere you can search high and low and you won't find better olive oil. And you find an Oryoman. Hands combined with good stuff vitamins minerals, urbals, other nutrients. And each one of these products is scientific with his idea provide natural nutrition solutions. They help you support different aspect of your health. They have one to help you lower your cholesterol, et cetera. And right now look for Oryoman's three new formulas. They have one to help you sleep. What to help you control your weight and coach you 10 for your heart. I'll use in the benefits like I said only moments ago with the finest in purest olive oil that money can buy. Oryoman is an exciting new health product that's available all over time. More and more people are popping it. Picks them up at publics, records or wall greens. If you want to get more information about their products call Oryoman toll free at 1-866-Oryoman. That's 1-866-6536633. You can also order their products online at OryomanAmerica.com And don't forget how could you? If you visit Ener's Publix and by an Oryoman product and data-brower you can get you a coupon for a free Larycoker Bobblehead doll Walsaply's last. And don't forget to visit their sampling pool in its fourth time every Sunday when the dolphins are playing home games. Pick up some free Oryoman samples and product information and for good health. If you want to start feeling healthy again, start popping some Oryoman in your post. Of course, we do 5-6-1. You a-m. You a-m. No. Number 1 movie. No. Number 1 soundtrack. Any white kid who thinks that his skin is black and stamping and wrapping and talking his smacked. He gets more booty than the whole rat pack. Err. Crazy in a trailer in the Motor City doesn't like mobile boy bands or P-ditty and it's no secret. It's easy to see. M-m-m-hases, my band is mommy. He's shooting with Christina. I can laryl. Speaking in red, I'll just like joking fairer. He's hot from New York to Minnesota. Welcome to the Marshall Matters, Err. To t-to wearing lots of swearing. Hollywood bad boys. When will he sell out how long do you think? Three for a join. Insane. Provided 5-60. A big-and-a-bend stink. Did you take a look at this thing, you just faced me? No. For you are, I'm telling you about his useless as a frogs for today. You know what? It says I work at a music distributor. We can pile the top American rock band list. Let me know if you can cure We got the top 13 rock bands in his opinion or we or whoever they are and The answer is certainly do not right off the bat. He's got the beach boys is number one the best American rock band of all time the beach boys No way He don't even have in sync on here What a back street boy just a joke The beach boys number one. He's got the doors number two and I anybody who would say and it's good thing George isn't here This week because you know what a prick he is about this he gets militant Anybody who would suggest that the beach boys are better group than the doors needs mental help. Oh, wait Not even not even close Beach boys have one great album the pet sounds album Not let's see you don't know what you're talking about that is such crap that that's oh You're just repeating something that some pseudo intellectual music so-called expert one said No, that's that's Pet this the beach boys had just Zillions of great hits, okay? It was fun all their music was fun No, they had fun, but they had fun music. They had fun fun fun fun fun fun mister Baby surfing a lot they were surfing a lot. They were driving him there Woody. They were doing their Woody Brian was laying in bed with his teddy bear. What's wrong with you man? They're from USA and they're the show yesterday. I'm gonna reach in my pile here Get some goddamn beach boys song out here now kill the show for today But you just frosted my amin. I'm not saying I don't like the beach boys, which is what you're saying It's not what they said It is what you say oh, look what I just found also See this guy changed the whole agenda on his show now. What were we talking about music or musicians today? No, I don't think so and this guy changed the whole agenda which probably good idea Now we're gonna house my beach boys stuff. Don't I have beach boys music up here? There's all here's all that Elvis stuff and we did the 25th anniversary of Elvis's death and look at this Am I on top of it here or what? Huh? Oh yeah, put that in your pipe and smoke it little Tommy jica. How do you like that? Oh, he's gonna lose touch with all his music collection guess what time? No, I'm not and just to show you a thing or two How do you like that huh? He said crap time you idiot anyways, so what they got here. Let me put Elvis away. Hey, I'll be back to bed Have a nice next week art stay off mommy side of the bed What do you think of a guy that sleeps in the same bed with his mother till he's 20 years old? Huh? Little weird that was the king some people said it was the queen Oh See basically what you're doing when you're comparing the groups you like comparing Brian Wilson with Jim Morrison and You know what that is it's as an I'm it's insulting, you know? Other than the fact that Brian Wilson still alive. Oh, it's pretty hard to tell but I mean, I mean, what are we talking about here Brian Wilson against Jim Morrison? The music of the doors against the music against the fluffy music of the beach boys guy Everything by Ricky I do in the pop up in this one put itself I'm 554 The hammer just stand down Seething for God all about Cool and water Wish for Simple Our love is beautiful Just singing Round round, get around I get around Yeah, get around Well, round round I get around I get around I get around I get around Yeah, round round How do you prepare I get around Would punch me, huh? Is there any comparison at all? Oh, that's what they were the same league No Is it embarrassing to compare Yeah Come on, come on, come on Come on, come on, come on Come on, come on, come on Come on Come on, come on Come on, come on Okay, I'll tell you what, let's change the poll today, okay? Okay, well, what do you think? You think Eric is going to be put up? Because anyway, Eric's very busy up there Just like Luca Braczi said The Don Corleone, I know you are very busy So I will leave you now Hey, Eric Get wooded, okay, and quit bellyic And quit acting like a little girl But you think Eric sometimes acts like a little girl? Chuckies chicken is said yes Yes, so why not say it Why not say it What is wrong with you guys? You work on this show How come you guys are such a couple of pussy's, okay? I don't know what's up Jesus You did work on this show In fact, that you didn't get paid for You ran away with your tail behind your legs And it wasn't your doing There was because George talked into it That's why Go George's that you can pay extra for this That's because all you little spik-sick together That's all You would have still been doing a show Carlos never would have a chance to come into the door So he owes you a gratitude And of course he's gonna pay too much anyway Actually got one paycheck Do you want to check today Carlos? Yeah Now, Ryan, let's hear it I wonder he was going in like that before He's so full of himself now he can't speak Okay, let's how the poll wind up the first one How do you rate yourself politically? Fairly liberal 144 independent 100 Very liberal 82 Fairly conservative 74 Not into politics at all 39 and very conservative 24 out of 463 Okay, that's the end of that poll I mean, you know we got we got the sampling there that we needed and that was it right after you get to like a couple I'm revotes you got your thing You think Eric's gonna be upset or put out about this? Too bad Exactly those are gonna be my next two words too bad I mean, you know how long's this gonna take about two minutes? Is that what it's gonna take? I'm gonna change this okay now here's the list he's got Here's the poll question. I like this with Well, we'll give you a chance to add to it. Okay. Just calm down Okay, then later why we do the question about the hottest looking guys You so you speak Cork car you you're you're serious like I just I can't believe how repressed you are Here's a guy that will were you born in Chicago? Yes, he's lived his whole life in this country He didn't like you're living Cuba under repression all those years. He was born in the USA Yep, and he still such a repressed spec he just can't express his emotions or attitudes because he's afraid that I might somehow reflect on his machoness We all think that you're fairly macho. We think you should probably be up like freaky Carlos out there at the desk Like a flick him off on a good day. Yeah, you probably would like to flick him off Anyway, let me do the break and then I think what I should now you have the original facts, right? Yes, well, why don't you facts and copy of that to Eric so we don't have to like put him because we don't want to have to put him through a lot of stuff because he's a really working hard these days It was tell me that in between tiered wraps on Friday Come on Eric, put you up a little bit. Try to be a little more like Miguel and put you up just a little bit. Okay, maybe you can loan him a little, okay? I'll try. Facts up some of your machismo and a fax machine. Shmir it off on there. I know when you said him the fax Shmir off a little bit of it. Let's see if you can over the airway right 1226 at 560 WQM. Thanks, given's coming three days away. Maybe you can almost smell it Everybody's gonna be flocking home to be together again. Get that around the table with delicious homemade food and family traditions After all, it's not the turkey that makes the meal special. It's the people Getting ready for the hungry guests can be a real pain in the ass can be stressful Especially if some of them are gonna be staying overnight if you're having a house full for Thanksgiving Like dial on actress make your holiday preparations a little bit easier and ask the time to call 1800 Matt person get that new my personality for the house guest get there if they're already too They're coming if you don't hear from them till the night before dial on actress can deliver you a top quality Seely, sir, the Simmons or King curl mattress the very same day you call them. I've been sleeping on a dial on mattress for years In my back is one of the few parts of my body. See more talking about call dial on mattress right now Tolford eat 1-800 mattress and talk turkey with the vetting consultant who we know is their crap And choose the very best mattresses and even better prices So rest easy this thanks, give me know in that everybody is sleeping and comfort with a smile on their posts Get ready for holidays right now do it now. I just think about it by calling 1800 mattress and tell them that old Neil and fat boy Jeff I Purnity call mentioned Jeff I a couple of times they'll laugh like crazy 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATD RES for dial-a-mactress brand name beds same day service Column right now. We sleep in like a baby tonight The Where we don't know where a stokey goes. I can see how there was some confusion between human door and human horror And then I can saw the term cedar box means saw her naked Stars reportedly to go in blind And That was working hard Late nights in the ovary of this Working on a practical joke It took a mac and noodle put an explode in Loading for my cup with blowing rings of smoke Oh Bill's a cousin Monica's a giant She lets out a gigo Every tiny makes it way go Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind But a cigar and her vagina she's all mine. All right All people feel that Hillary's been made a pool of buy a husband Feel that Hillary was wrong I've been the Lincoln bedroom she was born and more and how far was doing her with those old bonds Bill's a cousin Monica's a giant She lets out a gigo Every friggin time he makes it way go Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind Black girl Oh Oh Okay. Hi, honey, how are you doing? Okay. I just want to tell you that I'm a faithful listener and I love you, sure. Okay. I want to comment about the people magazine cover of the sexist man. Right. I agree with Ben Aslach. I think he's still looking and also in your thing, bless you. Right. But I generally feel a little pasting. I did this just as probably a few months. Yeah. I really don't think that is going to last. I think you've got your time on it. And what do you think about this on young man Hayden Christensen from the Star Wars? He was okay. Kind of a punk. He's all right. He was the one who was seeing. I don't know why. Sure. He sure looks a lot better. 90% of the people I got in people magazine was without any of that. I didn't care in Matthew Perry. Oh, people. Oh. And James Gandalfini from the sopranos. Oh my God. He's old enough to be my grandfather. Exactly. And I think that Mel Gibson and Pierre Braun should be pushed to pasture. Put out to pasture. That's right. For some reason, they like these old trolls. I don't know what it is. And to me, the best cover they ever had to me was Don't J.F.K. Okay. I thought he was the best cover. And that's all he wanted to say. Thanks. We don't have a great day. You don't. Well, how do you like that? We actually had a real call about people. She knows her crap. She knows what she'd be talking about. She knows her people. She knows her people. Right. Speaking of paths sounds by the way Carlos was a musical expert. I mean, they were fine. See, it's like the argument. I always had with George when we argued about Marvin Gaye and the Beach Boys, which Marvin Gaye of course wasn't a group. He was a group, but he's dead. But anyway, he always argues with me that the Beach Boys were better than Marvin Gaye in terms of just relative importance and the great music. And there's no contest. And I love the Beach Boys, but the compare their music with Marvin Gaye is ludicrous. And the compare them with the doors. You know what that's like? It's like comparing Ben and Jerry's ice cream with a great rib ice steak at Ruth's Christ's day counts. You want to say it? Chocolate ice cream? Yeah, chocolate ice cream. There you go. Fish food. What do you know about ice cream? Anybody doesn't like chocolate? Your taste is in your touch. Okay, here's the list that they've asked me so far. Has they ever got this now? I fact it. He's going to start getting really pissed at you, Miguel. Messing around. He already had the one pull going. He was probably busy here. Kevin a couple of brunches, man. Working on other stuff. So anyway, here's the list from this music distributor expert. I was hoping I could put four in around here, but then I realized four in his like half and half. They're part British part of American. This is top American rock bands. Beach Boys, doors, aerosmith, Van Halen. Van Halen. Oh, give me a break. You agree with Van Halen? No. Kiss? Almonds brothers. Ramones, Leonard Skinner. The cars. Tom Petty and a heartbreakers. The Eagles. Red Hot Chili Peckers and Van Jovey. Van Jovey is not a group. Van Jovey is not a group. I mean, he's got a group of Van Jovey is a guy. He crossed him out. Cross him out, Eric. Van Jovey, my ass. Right? Van Jovey, technically you could call it a group, but it's John Van Jovey. That's not my idea. Would you call it a group? Well, it's a group. He has, you know, British and Borough and whatnot. No, and Van Jovey's not a group. Again, the same context is. Van Halen though, is just the lead singer and Eddie Van Halen. Yeah. And what about David Lee Growth? The lead singer, right? Yeah. The lead singer. How can you call David Lee Growth? The lead singer. Van Halen. Van Halen. Okay, put on Jovey on. You're okay if it'll make you happy. I'm going to get any votes. He's got to get a guy damn votes, John. What's the couple as songs are okay? He's not going to get any gun. So that's also far now. Any additions that we've left out since you were grumbling before? I put Guns and Rose is over Van Halen. Guns and Rose is, Guns and Rose is fine. Who else? Nirvana. Over any of those over Bon Jovi or Guns and Rose is, I mean, for the influence they've had. Remember Van is fine. That's a good one. How about the doors, man? They put Nirvana over the doors? No. You put Nirvana over Aerosmith? No. Thank God. Why don't you do me what? I want to put a pressure on you, but he's expecting another paycheck. What was that promise that you made? The lead voice number one in the doors number two. Oh, I sure wish there was a, this is a guy who works with a music distributor. You better learn your music, Mr. because you sure don't know what I'll say to that right now. I want to get better, Mr. I want to get better, Mr. Got it. There you go. The battle between the beach boys and the doors. Of course, the beach boys had the advantage because Brian's still alive in my club. Nobody else is though. Right? Dennis Wilson is dead. Carl Wilson is dead. Right? Alright. So what do we got left? We got the Brian Wilson is just barely hanging on and Mike loved. Although basically they would lead singers the most of the songs anyway, right? How about the mom is in the pop-as? How about the turtles, huh? They get serious to mama's in the fricking pop-as. How about the carpenter to carpenter there? Carpenters were in a rock band. Muffins of the pop-as were like a foxy rock band. Yeah, and now we're going to have to start putting how about the carponkel. Peter Paul and Mary. How about Simon and Garfunkel? Huh? How far do you want to carry this? I can make this last to the circus if you want. You know me? You know me? I can drag these things down for months. I got my billboard book that I dug out from underneath the, what's your name? What's your name? What's your name? Shakira. How soon they forget how to sign out of mine. Sorry sweetheart. I love Shakira. How about Shakira? She could be a group. Would it pair my shoes, guys? She could be a group? Hmm. How about a group? What's your pair? Shakira. 1240. How are I come down, Brian? Take the teddy bear and crawl back under the covers. Wouldn't it be something of Elvis and his mom or under there? 1241 and 560WK. I'm Thanksgiving. Is this Thursday? If you're traveling, if the family is coming to you, the last thing you'd want to go do is go to the airport. After start looking around for a place to park, serious pain in the ass. Then when you finally find a park and spot it's usually as zidian miles to go over to have to go. National limos can change all of that for you. They'll arrive at your location on time in a new sedan, a new limo, van whatever you need to take you wherever you have to go. Completely hassle free. What a smart way to go for the holidays. National limos don't really take secure your transportation here. But anywhere in the world, so when you get it, your destination, National limos will be their wedding for you. Call National limos toll free. 1-877-376-3200. And now at the start, Naya, smart time to start planning because believe me, all these holiday parties you're going to be going to and all traveling people are doing. Let National limos get you there and back safely and conveniently. Free sports fans out there. There's no better way to get to and from the game than in one of National limos super stretchable machines who their luxury coaches, all everybody else is going out fighting traffic. If you're looking for way to get to their port, the game we're just a night around town during the holidays or any time, call National limos they're doing it for me. They'll do a great job for you. Call 1-877-376-3200. Be sure to tell that Neal-Trader to call you get 10% off your first airport service or free hour of started limousine service. 1-877-376-3200 for National limos. Free and local. Free sports radio 560-8200. Free sports radio 560-8200. Free sports radio 560-8200. Free sports radio 560-8200. Free sports radio 560-8200. Free sports radio 560-8200. Free sports radio 560-8200. Free sports radio 560-8200. Free sports radio 560-8200. Free sports radio 560-8200. Free sports radio 560-8200. Free sports radio 560-8200. Free sports radio 560-8200. Free sports radio 560-8200. Free sports radio 560-8200. Free sports radio 560-8200. Free sports radio 560-8200. Free sports radio 560-8200. Free sports radio 560-8200. Free sports radio 560-8200. Free sports radio 560-18ht. Leading settings soundage level You will find motivation aby You will find advice for Free sports radio 560-850. Really? So well-known how she'll see if she sent something I won't survive. If she might... Why? What about blondie? Huh? That's only one person. No, that was a group. Get out of here. Are you on your mind? Debbie, Harry, Chris Stein, Franken-Fonty, Jimmy Destry. Now you think I'm talking to her? I think I'm not talking to her. There, I'm not talking to her. I'll see the same thing with Bon Jovi, but it says in my book, Rock Group, which of course they are. But from Serville, New Jersey, John Bon Jovi, Richie Sembora, Dave Ryan, Alexander John Such, such. And he got to race, well whatever. I don't know. You're right, it's a group. And what about the grateful day? You know, that's what you're going to be pretty soon if you don't cut the crap. What about Grand Funk Railroad? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely. What about Huey, New Jersey? Oh, that's just a joke, a Grand Funk Railroad should have been on there. Well, we'll see. We'll see what Eric puts on there. We'll leave it up to him. Bruce. Because I don't Bruce. Bruce, Franken-Fonty, East. Yeah. Get out of here. Don't stop Bruce, Frankenstein is the solo now. And the fact that he used to be, I mean, cut the crap. Okay. Plus, are you going to tell me that he belongs to nobody's other people? Because if you are, I'm going to get you a lobotomy. Okay. Bruce, Frankenstein belongs in there with a freaking doors. Jesus. Legged up on that. Yeah, legged up on that. Are they a bear? I beg your pardon? Is that a American band? Oh. You know how much these books weigh? I think I just read. I did my arm again. Thanks to who was, who was, was Miguel de D'Az. Come on, Huey, Lewis and the Nudes. Nah, let's zip-lines British there from England. Okay, Robert Plant, that's right in Jimmy Page. They're not American. Hey, Miguel, you better, if you're a guy who was born in Chicago, you wouldn't know about America. We could stick in the temple and have room for a week, eh, leftover, okay? And a week, eh, by the way, is going to come over and compare notes with you tomorrow. He said he's going to show you a thing or to instrate your ass out. So what do you think? Have we got a pretty good word? What about Grand Funk Railroads? Shouldn't we put them on there? They were very big. They're great. Not just that they were big. They were great. Yep. I didn't even remind that they stole a little Eva. Locomotion, I didn't even hold that against them. Not that they're any little Eva. And of course, if you want to go into rock groups, then you can start with all the Motants, too, and really get people pissed off. Because let's face it if the beach boys belong on there. What about the Marvelettes? And what about the, all the, uh, the supreme, what about five? Huh? The Jackson Five? The Freaking Jackson Five. What about the, uh, all the other, uh, damn Motants groups? How about the four tops? Right? Yeah? How about the, uh, what you call the miracles? We can't, I don't know. See, this is the problem. And of course, this guy had a music distributor. I'm sure he would say, oh, well, Motant is there. That's not rock groups. Those are like, I don't know what the hell she would call it. I'm going to hurt him. But he's going to say it's Motant. So what is that? Soul. I got your soul over here, sweetheart. Okay? Don't be knocking my Motant. Well, we'll start out with this. In fact, let's make a series out of this. Thanks very much Mr. Music distributor. Okay. Nobody wants to give a crap. I'll save all my tabloids, stuff for tomorrow. Excellent. For tabloid Tuesday, including Dr. Philbs, boob obsession. Through little teas on it could in 90's here tomorrow. Everybody wants to hear about Dr. Philon's boob's. Here's Elvis. Was he part of a group, Elvis and Mom? Come on, where the hell's all my Motant? I'm glad I've done it. I sure is how better had it here. How about the Isley Brothers? Huh? Wow, that's rock. You don't think the Isley Brothers are rock band. Are you out of your mind? I'm telling you what you know about music. I could stick in a fimble and have room for Josh Friedman leftover. But I have a hard time putting both of these. This isn't a rock group, the Isley Brothers. This could be the greatest song of all time, Mr. And ain't no beat boys, I'll take it at. You better learn your crap because you don't know it. You don't think that's one of the great songs in this video in Race? Yeah, I think it's correct that I was confused with somebody else. What? It's not really fun. You thought I was talking about Keith Isley? Is that what it was? It'll be Eperly Brothers. The Eperly Brothers. We're not talking about the difference between duo's and a group. You got it? Do-oh, right. That's like you're much more dominant. Garf Uncle. That's our freaking duo. That'll be on Friday. We'll do that. 1250. I do love the music one. So, and of course, you know what happens. As soon as the show over, I get sober. I got to run out, run downtown, go to Sam, the record man, all the other record stores. And I got to start spending money buying a bunch of CDs again. And there's a signal to the audience. It just hates that. Oh, you're not going to do that. One hit wonder again. No, we'll do something different. That great those folks. Eric is still working on this. Okay, said which American rock group is very liberal or very conservative, as what he said. 1251 at 560 WQAM. Tom Layman and Halipone, the GMC, our proud one, outst to great. Neil Rogers, Neil deals 0% sale. How many times we say Neil in this spot? Try to keep up. That's right. With the proof credit from GMAC, get zero down payment, zero down payment, and zero percent financing on all 2002 and 2003 potty Akin GMC models plus zero payments for 90 days. Or if you like, you can take a rebate of up to five grand. And as always, it's Halipone. There are zero hassles. Don't forget to mention you heard all about it here on the new Roger Show and save even more. Check out the complete line of great gas gaskasling GMC. SUVs included the on-boi, voted by motor trend is SUV the year in the all new Pontiac vibe SUV that's got the power of a big gas gusling sports car. Halipone also got a stupid selection of dependable use cars, trucks and gas gaskasling SUVs. And if everybody else in town turns you down or maybe recently somebody said, ah, your credit just isn't going up to cut it with us. It'll cut it with Halipone because they will cut you would deal. It's the great Neil deals 0% sale going on right now at Halipone. On right now at Halipone, EGMC and you'll find them in that angry location. They've been treating people great for over 35 years. 134.01 South, taxi highway. That's right on US want to cross from the falls open every day. Seven days a week for more info called the Neil deal hotline. Tool free. One triple eight five three four forty two eleven. That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven. Halipone EGMC who be pro-fessional. Go down to the next. Welcome back. My life. And look. This is for 205-16. Two eight. Neil. Good. I have a hairy chest. I have a hairy chest. I have a hairy chest. Real men have hairy chest. I like to watch Baywatch. I like to watch Baywatch. I like to watch Baywatch. Real men. Like to watch Baywatch. I like to listen to Ricky Mart. What? I like to listen to Ricky Mart. Hello. Real men. Dư Board, listen to Ricky Martin, sorry gal. though Okay, who wants to go to the park up? Let's go. Come on, Ricky. Get that cap off, baby. Send us into the freezer so I'll ready. Things start to grow inside of that baby. Come on. And I'm with you. Some minutes' time. I'm too tiny. And I'm feeling the pain. I'll never let you go. I'll never let you go. I'm going to have a big wave. I'll never let you go. You're right. I can't be happy. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm not going to have a big wave. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. What do you say? I have to do with separate ones for those kind of groups, right? Yeah, we should. Well, yeah, you can't put it. You can't put it. I mean, there's so many of them. How about the spinners and the four tops and the supreme and Martha and the Van Dellas that we just heard? And the Isley Brothers, huh? And the Commodore's. Yeah, there's way too many. Those are like a soul group. So, okay. Well, I have to do a separate thing for soul groups. As opposed to like what our Elitist out there would call rock groups. But then again, are the Beach Boys really a rock group? When you come right out of it? Yeah, yeah, see? But because of their importance in the history of all these very, very important matters, you have to say yes, I would assume. Here's a call from Iany. Hello. Because the theta floor and I have to go with the violence. When that thing started off, I thought they were playing music for us. So did I. That was great. That's the first time anybody ever put us on a hold and it turned out to be great. That was sensational. Well, they've been on there for about an hour. Hey, that's the way it goes. Okay. We got an important thing going on. Now, I already cast my vote. And of course, you know, I love Erosmith, but I didn't vote for Erosmith. How do you like that? You're kidding. No, I voted for the doors. Well, yeah. I mean, I love Erosmith. The pieces. Okay. I'm one of the big Erosmith fans in his view. The human race. But I got news for it. There are no doors. You can meet you. Schmidt and me, Mr. You disagree with that? No. No. I just don't know how much you like Erosmith. Well, I love Erosmith, but the doors are like, I mean, he has insurers. Completely agree. Sorry about that, Stevie. And your daughter still looks great. Here's Tamara. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I got a degree with you. You got to put the doors to top of the list. Oh, but a question. Did anybody mention Chicago? Oh, my god. How can we leave off Chicago? I love Chicago. That's, I mean, they're right up there. You're right. And I have a bone to pick if I may. Go right ahead. Pick on your light. You're all. Dr. Shapiro's killing me. Oh, listen. Listen to the ad. He uses the word, especially. Yeah. That's not a word. Nobody got your attention anyway. Oh, ho ho ho. I wish I'm happy to know you. Thanks. Chicago. Put that on there, Eric. Okay. I want to start pushing around. But get Chicago Honor. Dorson first place with four votes. Oh, the votes are starting to kind of just got the new pullup. Don't you feel like we really caught a something?