Oh, ha ha ha! Hi, it's Pewe Herman. Take it from me. They don't come any better than Neil Rogers. Look. Don't look. Oh, Jeff, is that you and there? Yeah. Hi, Paulie. I'm making. That's your Greg? Why, yes. Dapper is always in the finest of men's wear. I hope you don't mind if I borrow the adjacent stall. What are you doing in the staff, Charlie? Oh, I was in the area. No time to waste, you know. Yeah. So, let's know, hi, boy. I'm back. Yes, yeah. Are we really up to seeing a Greg? Let's see. How about them, Dolphin? Yeah. I guess it's true, what they say. Yeah, what's that? You're doing doesn't think why, of course. Always a delightful aromatic bouquet with the freshness of morning dew. Each drop slides with cigar cutter perfection to the shape of a Hershey's kiss. Yeah. Yeah. You know, in that moment, this is doing a wonderful job. I'm so busy that forced Brooklynies make some sounds so so knowledgeable. What did you say? Well, got to go. Five. Five. 903 at 5.60W. That brings back those awful memories. I never got to see a beast. Splatter run to wall. Remember that? In the T-room? We'd lucked out. Oh, brother. I don't think I'd ever recover from that. Look at that, the sunny shining. Okay. Look at that. There's a little bit of sunshine, a little bit of blue sky. All weekend long. I'm talking to people there, including this morning. Oh, it was so cold here this weekend. Oh, what a bunch of pussy's man. What's wrong with you guys? I didn't say it was cold. Don't we have any real people down there like any real men he men like me? Yeah, the head you didn't. You said it were real chilly. It is a whoo. Everybody I talked to a watch. Here was freezing your wrist. We got a thing like it was a good thing. Yeah. 30 degrees. The high Saturday here was 30. The highest today was 30. Speaking of Jeff high. And we got about three, four inches of snow on the ground. Let's hear it. Oh, rock. Don't bother me. Long as you don't have to shovel it. Long you don't have to drive in it or be shoveling it. 1218 votes. Pretty lame response on a pool over the weekend. I thought that was pretty lame. Don't you? Yeah. To be expected. Yeah. And you wanted to know why? Because we didn't have enough negatives in there. I forgot where I was talking to. When you forget about soft floor to see that's what happens when you're out of touch. That's what Tom Jick has said. Tom Jick has got a nice puff piece about why I'm hungry today. Absolutely nothing. Tom, you're a loser, baby. Let's face it. You're so out of touch. It doesn't make any difference. What's going on around you? Totally oblivious. But that's our right because we sure won't any wood money. More free publicity for us would be. That would be bad. Now we're not going to do that after I ripped it. That little bald headed bastard. And your buddy Kevin Bastard over there. They heard there's another one for you. A blivvious in a dream world in a vacuum. From 118 votes we asked over the past month. Which of these things about the ill showed you? Enjoy the most. See they don't like something like positive like that. That's, uh, don't give them too many chances to say something really hostile. The phone calls are back. This is the shocker to me, especially after Friday at last hour. And by the way, Eddie, Steve M. whatever to have your name is. What's his name, Steve? McGowan. Steve, this, Steve M. Maybe he's the drug guy, baby. We know. Now, you see, put those pieces together. Mr. Just like we're on this. Right. Yeah. Who's now the new chambag guys that 18 different cranks. This guy needs to be, we need to get a butterfly net and get this guy rounded up. He must be doing a lot of business over there. You know what? To be called like 600 times every day. Major asshole. Anyway, the phone calls are back 4 to 9, 14.3%. They're going to be depressed today because I don't know if we're going to have time for a lot of phone calls. Well, just the way it is. I got a lot of stuff here today. Not more periodicals on audio. Yeah. None of the above. I like it better before. 241.19.7%. Well, that 20% of the audience might be a little bit more pleased today. It just so happens all the new tabloids came out yesterday. I got stuff about OJ by in the titties for his girlfriend. That's what the globe says. Anyway, OJ by $7,000 boobs to make a lover look like Nicole. And we got just all kinds of good stuff. Wednesday, comedy bit new to one hour, 197 16.1%. I like that the best. Less reading. 148 more filling and less reading. 12% 148. And the tone is better 144. 11.7%. Proving that we could put any selection on any pool any day. It'll get a whole bunch of votes. Does anybody know what that means? The tone is better. No, of course. No, I like this tone. Yeah, I like this tone myself. But anyway. The tone is better. What does that mean? Can anybody tell us? Of course not. They like your complexion. And oh, speaking of what they like and what they don't like. Let me say this with all do we respect to my close personal body. Mo. I thought about it for at least six seconds over the weekend. Our line before I told you four seconds. I thought about it for about six seconds over the weekend about might be in sloppy and a slob and incident. I wear the same stuff on and you know what? Maybe not be the same stuff. But it always pretty much the same. And that's me. See I'm a slob. And I'm not going to come in here when I come back. I'm not going to admit in their dressed up in a zoo toot. It's a radio show. If I'm going to come in there in a burlap sack, does the audience know it? No. Of course not. Yeah, guarantee you. And you walked on the street. People don't point and snicker. See, see there you go again. There you go again. Just like Walder. Just like Reagan said a water mondial. I look what after the water mondial. Oh. Exactly. There you go again. Starting again. Yeah. They say they say and all the pens if it's in the summertime. I like right now when you're wearing a heavy leather coat or a jacket. Whatever because it's colder than crap out there. Nobody sees what you're wearing underneath. You just somebody with a person. And I got to tell you, there's some crazy people here too. Saturday, it's 30 degrees out there. It is like an inch and a half a snow already on the ground. The snow is continuing to become out of a pretty good rate. And there's people walking outside here with sweaters on. Do you follow what I'm saying? Right. I'm not talking about like a heavy sweater. Just like a sweater. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm thinking, boy, what is wrong with you people? I mean, I know you're a little bit, unless it gives like 20 below or something. Fair and height. These people are bizarre. So anyway, I'm just going to be the slab that I am. I'm not going to put on any errors for anybody. And I'm not going to like go on and get a whole new word drove. And especially for inside the building. I'm a slab. That's me. Okay. So my, and my pants are wrinkled. No. Shirts maybe they are a little bit. That's because my maid does a crappy job. Okay. Oh, sorry, Jenny. Are you bought a bunch of new shirts a few years ago? Yeah. And that's the next point. Okay. Since I took so much crap about it, especially from George and others. The way I dress now, which may not be all that great, compared to the way it used to be with those yeah, with those falling off Jew pants. I'm a fashion plate, compared to the way I used to be. So if I was like, Mo, would have been there in those days. He'd say, boy, this guy sure is booked up a little bit. At least the way he dresses anyhow. Follow what I'm saying. That's a, I remember what we did on the Friday. I said the first call of the day determines the tone. The tone right day. Huh? It's the pace call. Here's our pace call today from Miami. Hello. I think the reason why I was able to do those booze was a girl for a social, just like Nicole, we could. She'll have to kill them. Oh, no, no, no, no. There you go. Oh, Jane, another fan of yours. Oh, I love it. I'll see that was good. I like to tone the bad. That was a magnificent. That was great. You see, if we could get a lot of calls like that, I'd never read anything on here again. We just take calls all day. Unfortunately, the overwhelming majority in spread of the response that is pull here. I don't want to pee on your parade folks, but the response on a pull was a disheartening at best, okay? A year old pornography investigations led to the finding your criminal charges against two Hollywood actors. Paul Rubens, West known as P. We Herman, Scorts Court and veteran actor, character actor Jeffrey Jones of Ferris Bueller's Day Up. We had the Jeffrey Jones part on Friday. Rubens was charged with one misdemeanor kind of possessing materials depicting children under the age of 18 engaged in sexual conduct, said Anna Garcia, spokeswoman of the city attorney's office. He's surrounded to a 30. Stride, it was released on $20,000 bail. Jones who played the uppad principal and comic foil to Matthew Bradford and Ferris Bueller's job, which charged with harring a 14 year old boy, not a good idea, Jeffrey. A 14 year old boy to post for sexually explicit photos they felony, as well as Mr. Meiner possession child Pornoe was freed on $20,000 bond after surrendering Thursday. Rubens 50 and Jones 50s are acquaintances, and both cases stem from the same police investigation said LA County D8 spokeswoman Sandy Gibbons. Rubens could face as much as he wringeel and $2,500 fine of convicted. If Jones be convicted, he faces up to three years in prison and would have to register as a sex offender for a life. Hiring a 14 year old boy to post for sexually explicit photos, like I said, probably not a real good idea. Then we got this story here, which is enough to make me want to blow my brains out or blow something. Pull, most say, grovel beyond a 2004 ballot. So here's our poll question today. Did you facts it there? Quite a lot. Yes, I did. I think I forgot whether I even facts it to you. Oh, my head is just swimming. You know, it's from all the whole audience. Now, this actually a little blue sky out there now. I'll tell you it was gray and gay and over the weekend, snow coming down. See snow is not a problem folks unless you have to drive in or shovel it. Those are the only two problems. And now that that was the big deal. You go outside. Start throwing snowballs at strangers. Have a great time. Make little snowman. Of course, springtime, slush ain't no picnic either. It, they're slush out there right now. It's going to be slushed next couple of days because it's going to be all the way up into the 40s. The next three or four days. So this is all going to melt. You're going to be walking around the puddles. I sure hope you got your glasses with you. You're way about that. Vagaf Ma. Kvetch. Anyway, here's the poll today. If the 2004 presidential election pits president Bush against Al Gore and here's five great choices for you. I need to read just dot com. I vote for Bush. I vote for Gore. I leave the country. I wouldn't vote or I'd blow my brains out. I think five excellent choices. If the 2004 presidential election pits president Bush against Al Gore, I vote for Bush. I vote for Gore. I leave the country. I wouldn't vote or I'd blow my brains out. That will be on there momentarily. From at a Saturday 9 at 5. 60 WQN the mad dog at one. We got the booster for Hank who's on his way back from Frisco. A booch on the a three. 60 got the hurricane hotline. The big. Because we couldn't find anybody else. Any came from GA 10 in Joe and Marker back overnight. Two to six in the AM. You know, there's never been a better time to purchase a new home of refinance. You're existing home then right now. Here. Yes. How about this low rate 3.95% that's right financial group could offer you. And unprecedented 3.95% but you got to call them to get all the info and how this works. Co financial group toll free 1 800 9 40 L a and d. That's one. What is it 1 800 9 40 53 63 the money you're going to save is absolutely. Think about it. You can get yourself a hundred thousand dollar loan for an 8 450 bucks a month or 200 thousand A loan for an 150 bucks a month. The process is simple. You'll save thousands and thousands and a lot of money a year. So call our good buddies at financial group at 1 800 9 40 land. There's never been a better or smarter time to get you a low interest rate than right now. Co financial group and you'll be on your way to save in some big bucks financial group is an equal housing lender. Credit restrictions do apply and rates of subject to change. So call them now 1 800 9 40 L a and d. That's 1 800 9 40 53 63. 5. The 6 is 5 60. 3. You and time to get it on. Out. You'll go break in a part. Stop breaking my goal. We drove with nothing. Come on, stop breaking my goal. You're a group. That's a hundred so wrong. I let once we go. I feel the clear. I lifted my legs. It's not like a day. I'm going to fall. Try to hold in your thigh. I'll try but that's not the more. I'm going to break you in a part. You and I. You and I. You and I. You and I. I need to pay the five 60 W. So, uh, Kimmel's wrong. No three and they got the bomb. They got a nuclear weapon is what they announced yesterday over the weekend. The awful puff piece with Bob Woodward was plugging his new book about El Presidente and they got the bush mice to run telling everybody about how much he hates Kimmel's wrong. Which at least he knows the name is now, which I think is just definitely right direction. Don't you after two flashcards lots and lots of flashcards. Yeah. Nine votes. The poll is up. We have preliminary results. Okay. Let's, uh, if the 2004 presidential election fits president bush against Al Gore. I vote for Gore for I vote for Bush two. I blow my brains out of pair. I leave the country one and I wouldn't vote none. Oh, yeah, sure. I wouldn't vote none. I didn't vote his last time, but that's only because it was already a done deal. Did not tell you that the, the, the, the, the jetter was a head 15 points. He wound up wounded by 13 points. What a tragedy. What a travesty. And also, well, let's be far greater this depressing gorge story. I was taken just before the show, you know, and then I mentioned you this morning that a good place to be in the foreseeable future would be like in New York. Yeah, or if salami Michigan or any other little bum for a couple of days. And yeah, we see the people who live in rural areas now. They don't have to be all up tight. Can you imagine, and I realized that there'll be studies done because every, for some strange reason we can always appropriate certain enormous amounts of money millions and millions for these studies. But there will be somebody doing studies about these stress factor. Right. People who live in New York or DC or another major metropolitan urban areas as opposed to people that like out in the, uh, Boom docks. Right. In fact, it makes me want to play Billy Joe Rollin down in the boom docks, which they've already done studies like that. Yes. And obviously the people that live in rural areas are way more laid back and easy going. Well, no, not just laid back, but they have less stress. Right. Let's climb the last, why they're laid back because they don't have to worry about somebody dropping a lot of bomba. See, unsconnected in New York. I don't think that's going to happen anytime soon. Should we press our luck on the phone thing here? Why not? Because I think, you know, you never know. I could be in for a tremendous surprise. Well, if there's a lady in Delrey Beach, hello. Hey, no. Yes, ma'am. I'm calling only because, well, I really don't have all that much to say, but one is that I really get to listen to you. And if the joy when I do. Yes, it is. And I'm, my question is, there is oftentimes in between your show. A guy who does advertising for you guys like he does a simple green ad. And he does something else. What if they find these people? It's the worst voice you have ever heard. You mean Tommy? I don't know. Hold it. I've heard it off. Like a squeaky voice. Yeah, I've heard it off and go to another station. Yeah. It is horrible. Uh-huh. That's just my complaint. Well, he works cheap though. Well, that's probably why. Mm-hmm. Well, listen, it's always good to hear you. Plus, he has naked pictures of several people. Managed middle-level people has naked pictures. And then with Billy Goats. Well, I guess he's going to be on there for a while. Yeah, he will. Okay. All right, you know, have a great day. Thanks, we'd all have a great day and quit ripping Tommy. We like Tommy a lot. Tommy's one of our people, okay? He's one of our super spies. Tommy is up and down a hallway. In fact, he's usually bump it into the water Nazi. He ever seen the times when they're like coming from different directions around a hallway and they're like bump into each other? No, I missed that. Oops. Oops. As they got the ear to the door, you know, that kind of thing. Leave Tommy alone. Okay, he's got a squeaky voice, but he's a good guy. He can't help himself. He's a little, you know, I've always told you about Tommy. He never agreed with me. Hey, sounds, he sounds, he sounds, okay, he sounds, he's as, what's his day come? He's got a nice girlfriend, I guess. Have we ever seen her? Oh, yeah. I've known, done for years. Done? Done. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. I'm trying to help you, Tommy. Yeah. Tommy, this guy's got the shovel. He's bearing you this morning, Tommy. Come in there and beat him up a little bit. I think you can handle it as in the morning. Don't. Yeah. That's terrible. 42 votes. Gore 13. Bush 11. I blow my brains out. I leave the country five. I wouldn't vote five. Now, the honesty's starting to see through a little bit. It's seeping. Okay, you can relate to that. Those are your people out there who are squeezing your back hard this morning. Because they keep telling this boy, it's going to be really ugly. And especially if we invade Iraq, it's going to bring all hell loose. Okay. And then you wonder, well, how come we're doing it then? Well, you know, but you're going to have to die. We're going to have some spectacular attacks. It's just kind of strange. And it was makes you really wish that you were in the tomorrow night. I think it'd be safe there when you were maybe maybe Omaha. I see Omaha is digging out that it's not like a little, you know. Right. Omaha's not bad. They got the great steak houses, but what else do they have any landmark? And of course, after this hoarding these horrible attacks, you'll have some of that great irradiated beef at those steak houses. Where you'll be safe. Here's home stand. Hello. Hey, Neil. Are you doing? All right. I got a couple questions. I don't get to cancel this much because I usually drop and truck up in the center part of the state. I reckon so I'm here anywhere in the country. No. No. They're on the beach. The other other question is, what's bigger? Major asshole or a general asshole? I'll tell you what, when you finish looking at the mirror, call us back and let us know. A ranch general short scoff. He'll tell you, oh no, you can't say that. Oh, there he goes again. Ticking on our right wing heroes. Ha ha ha ha. Old Normie. That'd be a good pull question to take one day. Can I smash my chow? Normie short scoffer? Norma can't. Maybe we'll do that one tomorrow. Speaking of polls, most say, girl, be on the end. You know, interesting thing about the phones. Now, Friday for some reason toward the latter part of the show, we have a little bit of a Thursday. They do now. These call so far. These three calls have sounded like these people are right on my balcony out here. You know, yeah, no problem. And there shouldn't be any problem. I mean, shouldn't have call sounds just like you're pushing it up right there. Right there. They always have before. I mean, it's coming down a wire either way. Right. But for some strange reason on part of Thursday and then Friday that last hour, I guess it was just destined to be crap the last hour. I know what that's all about. By the way, congratulations, dolphins. Vita Girl's team. A little girl's team. I mean, I told you that. Poor in a way when Paul, he's looking as wounds there. That defense. Very suspect sweetheart. I told you that we're going to be the waiters out there last night. Didn't I tell them that on Friday? I guess I did. Did I tell that Carlos? Yep. I said no chance. No way Jose. And poor Tom Brady man. That kid's he's doing it. He does it for me. I'll tell you that. And all this crap that goes on, you know, just like last week's unbelievable Come from behind. Patriot victory over to bears. One of the most phenomenal performances in history. No credit on this radio station because anyone know the one word that describes why. jealousy. That's what it's all about. Mad dog, all these other sportsers on their station. They would lick pounds of dog experiment. They have Tom Brady be the dolphin quarterback. And you know that. Is there any doubt about that? No. No doubt. They would kiss his grits to have him be the quarterback. I mean, Ray Lucas, yeah, played a good game against the old girls. I'll tell you, I watch him and he's still a soft amorc as the word that comes to mind. You know, he just, I don't know. Yeah, he's not bad. He's not not bad, but he's not the, I don't know. For like a sam-lot team, he looks pretty good. He's just going to press me all that much, but he did a very good job yesterday. I grant you that against a very, very embarrassing team. He was very adequate. Yeah, that's a good description. With the next presidential election two years away, on declared candidate L. Gore is trailing in a new poll, trailing or not, Gore's name likely will be on a valid most people think this is going to CNN. A CNN slash time poll conducted in member 13 and 14 shows that two thirds of the public world will be the likely democratic nominee in 2004. Oh my God. But half surveyed said the former vice president won't win the White House only 41 percent today, but former election will be held today. I'll be honest with you, 41 percent is not that bad against the incumbent. I'm going to say that I want a monor, but that really is not that bad, especially when you consider the fact that he actually year got a half-minute more votes his last time in the fixed election. The poll was conducted by interviewing a thousand six people, including 454 Democrats, and at a maximum error margin of plus or minus six percent is points. Mosul Minos. Most Democrats are rates that they'd like to see Gore run for president. Really, fewer respondents said it would benefit the party if he won the nomination. Among Democrats, 61 percent would like to see him run again, little more than half of those 55 percent said it would be good for the party. You have money from to be on the ticket. Does this make any sense here? If 55 percent said it would begin on the ticket, and only 41 percent said they vote for him, does that make any sense to you? No. Okay. So like I said, take that poll and stick it up all his own sands. Okay. Enough of that CNN crap. But we like our poll today, though, because it gives you several choices, including a course pulling your brains out or moving to the View guy, which where you'll be safe. See, those survivalists, we always laughed at them. You know the ones that got all the candles stored up. Huh? I used to want to use to live around them. Right, and now you're starting to say, you might have been on to something in Bastards, you know? Yes, indeed. This corn sure is special. It's been sitting at a can from about 30 years, but it's still okay. Got a lot of good preservatives in there. Right. To produce a new life. You're laughing, man. I don't know. What was that stuff that did, did Kevin use to advertise top shelf? Was that what was going on? I don't know. Yeah. Did Kevin. You better get with it. I heard his name before. Top shelf. It's like the little, and that stuff would last like forever. Little enthrasing. Never tried that stuff. No. Oh, it tastes like crap. But, uh, nobody to last forever. It's almost like freeze dried one step away from that, right? Well, there's that start stock. I'd start stocking up on that if I was you folks right now. It starts stocking up and move to like, uh, Lakeland will be good. Or you'll be safe. Or maybe two egg. 928 at 560 WQM. Let me tell you about fast train right now. The facts are very simple. We've been telling you about it for a long time. If you have the dedication fast train will provide you with the necessary train to become a certified computer professional. According to Time magazine, the demand for computer professionals is going to continue to explode. Their average student completes the training in just four short months attending school three nights a week. Once you complete your certification fast train will help you in getting a brand new computer job. Fast train invites you to come in and visit our train career counselor at a German which track is ideal for you. Is it Georgian downs? Is it flambler? Is it Mohawk or wood vine? Call fast train or batavia downs? Which we open with a brand new clubhouse? Call fast train at 1-8-6-6 fast train. Fast train is set up an appointment with four convenient locations. You find a location near you. No question about it because they're in Miami, Kendall, Pembroke, Pines and for a lot of there. And don't forget to ask the career counselor for listen to students just like yourself. We're currently in their dream jobs. Thanks to the great training they got at fast train. Call them today. Tool free the answer. I'd like to ask you questions with no obligation. Call 1-8-6 fast train. That's 1-8-6 fast train. Or check them out on the web if you like it. Fast train.com. We're supposed to be in 5-6-6. You ain't garnished with the sewer of this place. It's commercial arts. It's Dragon's Another Years. Screw him up from the director of the 1. It's 3-6-6-6. Oh, oh, oh! Oh, it's a bad question, oh! Oh, oh, oh! I'm not that breakable! Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh! My guy! Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh! Oh, oh, oh, oh! Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh! What's going on? What's going on? Now, 32-5-60 WDKM, you know, I'll scratch on those How that color-on-a-navels-dis-consideration line nine? Yep. You know, it's heart-livedly? I just did that during that többy. Anyway, not because I already know who that is. You probably don't believe me, do you? I believe, I believe it. Never thought for — You worked that came in? And I told you it was the guy, the Boogeet guy, I know him. All I have to do is see words from and what line it's on and I can tell you exactly who it is. Man arrested at Miami Airport with hidden gun. A Haitian man has been arrested for attempting to board a flight from Miami to Haiti while alleged he carrying a handgun on 50 bullets hidden in the DVD player 36. Every good pull question where would you rather hide your bullets in the DVD or in your DVDs? Andre Rigwans, who's a legal US resident, was being held yesterday at the Federal Detention Center at Miami Pending Initial Parents and Federal Court today, said FBI spokeswoman Judy or Awella. Rigwans was arrested Saturday at Miami International before boarding an American Airlines flight to Portau Prince the Haitian capital. She said a security screener found the gun after stopping Rigwans for a second look at his carry on luggage inside the bag the screener found a DVD player that held the handgun in ammunition which were wrapped in four-line duct tape. He said he needed it for protection in Haiti. I believe him. Rigwans 33 was sure. Wait a minute, but he's a US citizen. Yeah, he was charged with him to carry weapon on to an airplane or Awella said Rigans drove to Miami from Jonesboro, Georgia and that he lives in Georgia with his wife, a US citizen too. Hey, stay in Jonesboro, Georgia. You'll be safe. Right? I guess I don't know where it is. Don't, not seriously. I think that would be an interesting pull question to take course. There's so many possibilities. You know, thousands of them. But with all these scary things, all these warnings now, we're still under Yelow light by the way. Yelow light. Nobody panic. Yelow light to anybody get all nervous. That's what Tom Rid said this morning. You look at him when he's on there. They hit him on CNN. A little clip. And don't you feel safe? No. Don't you feel secure when you see him? Would that kind of like blank look on his face? Where do they find these people? Seriously, where do they find these people? He's almost as imposing as Tommy Thompson, but not quite the old cheesehead. The old water from a quick guy. Good. Golly Miss Molly and of course, I don't want to go into it. Let's start on up. No, we had that one great call to get us started here this morning. And then that woman ripping into poor Tommy, which I think is very, very unfortunate. Why did she do that? A lot of people do. You know, but no, but you notice we don't get a lot of women call us, but a lot of them are so bitchy. They're always like picking on people. Like women. Bitchy women. God damn it. How come you can't be pleasant? Like the women here, they're all like, everybody else. They're pleasant. They hold the door for everybody else. They like, you know, they just pleasant. Morning. How are you? People you don't know. People you've never seen before. And you hopefully you'll never see again. But they're nice. They're polite. But soft Florida is this ugly nasty streak. Let's rip somebody. Think how we don't do that on the show. Do we ever? We absolutely never do an outdoors once in a while for gifts about that. That's part of our policy. Just like that QA and dress code that we got. Yeah. That Mo is going to be enforcing. I can't wait to get back there just for that reason. Loans, so I'm coming as sloppy as I want to be. Are you going to wear a QA and dress? I might have to hurry. I got a stray about a guy I kiddin' the dress to. That's later on in my pile. Which I better get going here. I think I'm going to use this one next because this, see, you always are, let me make it fun of things that I say. And then come to find out and I had my thumb on it. Mariah puts the moves on. Here's a picture. This is in the star this week. And the tabloids, by the way, come out here at least several days ahead of when you get him down there. They may be published right in your backyard during Lantana, but they come out for some strange reason everywhere else in the world like a week ahead. This is the November 26 star page 18. Here's a picture of Mariah Carey's former heartthrob Mexican singer Luis Miguel. By the way, turn it around again. Second time. Said you kid me, you're not going to look at that thing. Get out of here, bitch. And here he's, she's like all, uh, cusley, uh, couple up in his lap and her smooching, you know, good photo opportunity. Mariah puts the moves on. P-ditty. Oh yeah. Remember P-ditty in J. L. Y. And now P-ditty is with Mariah, who was formerly with Luis. You start, are you starting to put the pieces of this puzzle all together? Okay, is it starting to paint a picture for you? Does there seem to be something consistent going on here? And let's see, who was it that was doing and re-case supposedly here recently? Enrique and a quenacoba. Oh, yeah, they're still doing it. Yeah, right. It's a big circle, jerk is what it is. Okay. Hey. If that's wishful thing can great, go with it. I'm telling you right now. I don't want to name any individual names, but I just want to say this just generally. Not connected with any name necessarily spoken so far, but maybe. There's an awful lot of Faghags out there. Okay. Okay. Troubled Mariah carries obsessed with hip hop mogul, Sean P-ditty, combs, and determined to get him to make a new woman out of her. Mariah believes that P-ditty and only P-ditty can wave a magic wand. And restore the lustre to her tarnished start-up inside his reveal. And they add the distressed diva, seizing every opportunity to see and be seen with combs. And Mariah spotted the rap and presraria to party October 28th in the nearest Rosaline Ballroom. She was all over Missy's close-up and personal photo show. Yeah, he's kissing her, not on the cheek, but like on the hair on it. You know what I'm saying? In other words, he hasn't even brushed the hair back away from her cheek. Those can content. You can't get any more repersonal and up close than that. Mariah was gushing all over Puffy and I wouldn't have still star. He gave her a peck on the cheek, which he couldn't keep her hands off him. It looked like she wanted everyone to see her with Sean. As Motivation is simple, says the source close to the 30-ty world singer, she's sick with worry over her career. And probably the facts you can't sing for Schmitt, don't help either. Her mission is to receive a total musical makeover from P. Didi, who made a name from self-producing music ranging from hardcore gangster rap to bubble gum teen pop, and by cultivating artists like former lover Jennifer Lopez. When through the rain, the first single from Mariah's new charm bracelet album came out in September, it bombed. Alright. Still, if self-remoriah retired today, her place to music has to be assured. She sold more than 125 million albums worldwide, which to me is enough to make me puke my guts out. Her last major hit was Heartbreakers 99, which was number one for two weeks in state on Billboard Magazine's Top 40 chart for 14 weeks. But since then, Mariah's career has been an entails spin. Her much publicized, emotional and physical breakdown in July 2001, following her breakup with Mexican singer Luis Miguel, landed her an Connecticut mental hospital for weeks. A mental hospital. Things looked even grimmer after a briefling with Rochie rapper M&M. The investment of having Virgin Records pay her $30 million to buy her major for $80 million contract and her flop glitter soundtrack album, flop, bomb, una bomba grande. Compounding her problems, Mariah saw comfort and food and gained a huge amount of weight. She had to check herself into an exclusive flat farmer over here, so if she's not on the not how she's in the fat farm. But in Saadestell star, the music business pal's recently confronted Mariah and told her bluntly that she's not selling because she's boring. They said you had to spice it up and stop feeling sorry for yourself says the source. They also put it out how Jennifer Lopez's musical career sort after she hooked up with 33 year old P. Diddy, not Mariah's obsessed in getting the same treatment. For publicist Cindy Berger says the couple's feelings are strictly been for now. Their friends, that's all I can tell you said Berger, but sources post Mariah say she said and having P. Diddy take her under his wing. If he has wings, does that mean he can fly? The bottom line is Mariah feels P. Diddy is strong, successful and sexy. Says the source. And Mariah's eyes he'd be the answer to a whole lot of her problems on a whole lot of levels. How do you like that? And he's kissing her right on the old locks. Will Chamberlain rate me? No, some of there's no safe place to hide you in the home middle east. Oh, some of the days quickly approaching when you will just be dirt. Velh Hurts, those are mar scissors. Hannigan, hello. Joseph O Glovers, ап Moses, this flowers gentleman. Combine them and do them, watch the Martensので. discover the This is a common down from the farmers and you won't have very long. All somebody you're a big terrorist, you're a match and we're capable. And you have a lot of love and love, all you've got to do is pour the bread. I'm not afraid of you. You're not can scare me because I'm strong. I'm vulnerable and there's a little bomb. It's come right for my case. There's a bomb coming right for my case. I'm a good man. I'm 46 and 56 and you're a happy Monday too. Totally unacceptable. Faction movement. I said you're an ungrateful dickhead. You're a good guy. What a sour push. I'm a good guy. I don't think so. What? I said I had nothing to do with it. I know. But that's a, doing Paul another one of those knowledgeable soft food of sports fans. Here's a fact that could be one of the dumbest things I've ever read in my life. First of all, it says, did you see seven news this morning? How would I see channel seven news in Toronto? Huh? That's one of the great, that's about being. That's one of the greatest things about being. Here's not having a watch channel seven news. Even coming across a by accident channel surfing. And that goes on to say news that's almost as shocking as the fact that president Lincoln's got a bad headache. Jet Bush is looking into the recent elections somehow over a hundred thousand votes in Broward County were lost and not counted. The Bush games go on. Now what they was the election November five I should know because was on my birthday. With, within a couple of days after that we knew that there was 130,000 votes that were not counted originally and that they tabulated them and then come to fight out that didn't change anything. Remember that? Yep. So that's what that's all about. And here it is the 18th of November. Like days and days and weeks later. Hey, Neil, did you see this? Yeah, probably from Tom Jicker. So what do you think? Ash Tabula? That sounds like Evelyn Kansas? Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to say. Yeah. I'm going to say. Yeah. I'm going to say. I'm going to say. I'm going to say. I'm going to say. I'm going to say. I'm going to say. I'm going to say. No, no, you don't understand. Just because of places urban, I mentioned Omaha doesn't mean that they're going to be attacking there. It's not all people. It's small potatoes. Like cranky panes. And you never know what these crazy people are doing. No, no, no, no, no. They're going to have to the big joints. Okay, don't you understand? They're going to have to the big joint. Pentagon creates a big brother, so local Sam can keep his eye on us right to reports the Guardian, the British newspaper. The model of the information awareness office in Washington, D.C. reads knowledge is power and just a few months into its life. It's clear that the newly founded Pentagon offshoot aims to become very powerful indeed. In a development which is provoked outrage across America's political spectrum, the IAA, has begun work on a global computer surveillance network, which will allow unfairness as to personal details currently held in government and commercial databases around the world. Contracts worth millions of dollars have been awarded the company's developed technology which will enable the Pentagon to store billions of pieces of electronic personal information from records of internet used to travel documentation, lending library records and bank transactions and then access this information without a search warrant. The system would also use video technology to identify people at a distance. Total information awareness or TIA was proposed to the Pentagon by Admiral John Pointext, due after the terrorist attacks on 9.11. A former official in the Reagan administration was convicted for his leading role in the Iran Congress scandal, Pointext was appointed head of the IAO in February. Implementing the proposal would require legislation which is before Congress to amend existing laws protecting people's privacy. Pointext made his first public comment about TIA this week saying that because the Oregon's terrorism was global, so too would be the data his agency would seek. How are we going to find terrorists and preempt them, except by following their trail he says, the problem is much more complex than we faced before, how to harness with technology the streetsmarks of people on the ground and a global scale he said. His remarks prompted civil rights groups to claim that country such as Britain would be caught up in the Pentagon's network. From what little we know of the information awareness office, it is clear that by comparison 1984 was just a primer said me here, Kishigari, policy analyst at the electronic privacy information center in Washington, this will enthrone every aspect of people's lives and completely change our culture. It's to government saying, we'll collect every piece of information about you and then we'll decide whether or not we like what you're doing. In other words, are you using Charmin? Are you like rolling a folding an over too many times? Are you wiping forward or backward with your life tando your right little things like that? Does your chewing gum lose its flavor on a bed post overnight? Things like that. Former Senator Gary Hart of the US Commission on National Security said the plan was a total overkill of intelligence and potentially huge waste of money is what Gary Hart said. Well, it's speaking to Gary Hart. Are you aware of the fact that they're talking about bringing his ass back to that he may want to run again? No. Yeah. He lost a little weight on that down or right, then he may want to come back. 154 votes and I really have to look as scans to the results on his pull even though Al Gore is like a wooden like a cigarster Indian. In this audience don't you find this results so far a little bit dubious and best? Yes. If the 2004 presidential election pitch president Bush against Al Gore, I vote for Bush 60. I vote for Gore 42. I'd blow my brains out 25. I'd leave the country 15 and I wouldn't vote 12. Just a little bit suspect. I don't want to like you know, pee on your parade. And it's a good thing. I must add my psychic powers building up again. You want to know why? Why? Because I have this huge pile of stuff. I got all the tabloid. I got enough stuff here for like 400 hours. And look at the phone. Are you seeing any calls? Oh, yeah. I know. Not one. Well, if that money thing gets the old Monday excuse. They don't be the holiday excuse. And then it's we got nothing to talk about excuse. And it's that we don't like you excuse. It's that everyone's so on. So that 40 and a half percent of people on that pulpy took over the weekend said, Oh, we like to show a lot better now because the call is a back. Well, we hit a few. And that's it. We took whatever was on here and that's the end of the calls. On you call suckers out there. Oh, yeah, the phone calls are what makes the show. Well, where the hell are they? Same old crap. Six suspected al-Qaeda terrorists who were plotting to really sign out gas and accredited London some way during rush hour. Have been arrested after British intelligence infiltrated the group of Britain, way published report. The man off from North Africa, where picked up a days ago an accused of hatching a plan that security experts said would have thrown the British capital into chaos and caused serious casualties. I thought they already were in chaos over that gay rape thing. Huh? Well, I got a big story on that. In fact, Prince William, he like he collapsed from the pressure. He's all been out of shape. And then there are all kinds of messages on the walls in the tea room. Oh, just all kinds of stuff going on. They're having a group group over there. They're groping with their problems at the Royal Palace. Although British officials wouldn't come at on the Sunday times of London report, the sign I've plotted apparently prompted Prime Minister Tony Blair early in the week to warn his countryman that something big is about to happen. Then remember, neither rest preceded the tape message, purportedly from Osama, Yamama, Warnham, the US allies including Great Britain, could face a major news strike. And Canada, too, A. US officials said the London subway plot may have been part of an al-Qaeda plan involving simultaneous attacks and several countries. The FBI said this week that al-Qaeda was plotting spectacular strikes with mass casualties. That was a really damaged US economy and inflict maximum psychological trauma. Now let's play ball. Right? Right on, let's go. Let's get those football games on air, baby. The Sunday Times quoted British intelligence agencies saying the London gang was planning to bring ingredients for a gas bomb into Britain. Blair was immediately told about the plot in police shutdown the terror cell. The arrest by Scotland the R.A.R.s anti-terrorist branch followed raids and more than a half of those London addresses, some of which were used by drop-ins, used as drop-ins, via Algerian Moroccan and Tunisian immigrants dropping. For drop-ins, British intelligence believes the gang was acting on instructions from an al-Qaeda commander in Europe. This is an alarming development to paper quoted one source of saying it means al-Qaeda, members and sympathizers are still active in Britain despite our efforts. Details of the plot coincide with reports of increased activity or chatter, heard on terrorist networks and picked up by US and British intelligence. Don't you love what they talk about increased chatter? Right. Right. Yeah. Isn't that what it comes to mind? What are you talking about that? A lot of chatter going on. Britain's reward two days before the arrest of potential poison gas or dirty vomit act, but the warning was later withdrawn. The release of toxic gas could have shut down most of London's public transport system. The London Underground popularly known as the tube is the world's oldest and one of the most extensive subway-staring millions of passengers every day around a British capital. And a strange twist to plot caused an Italian liquor maker, the scrap and ad campaign for a new armoretto drink that was to take place in the London subway to paper reported. The company planned to walk the smell of almonds through the Underground and effort to get passengers thinking about the smell of armoretto, but sign it also smells like the armor Nichols thinking. Yeah. Officials cleared the smell coup caused panic. Oh my God. Yeah. Meanwhile, Sky News reported that three of the men arrested in London were aged between the authorities and were of Tunisian Moroccan background. They were charged under Britain's anti-terrorism lawful position of articles for the preparation, instigation and commission of terrorism acts and scheduled a peer in court today. So it's say in the Sunday Times. I'd like that, huh? We have good timing there that the Italian company with the armoretto smell. It smells like sign I guess to me. Nice going. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how about the mommy Harold this morning? Sounds like the Haitian boat's called the Haitian company is a security threat. But we didn't have to have fire to plane this sort of plane in this morning. Why haven't the security threat when the fire to plane at the bringing our stolen plane from Cuba or right. Oh, Cuba is having Mercedes swing that at the coast guard. Why haven't they have a security threat? Because there are a lot more Cubans read the Harold. Yeah. That's what bring that out. That's the answer though. And you know what is well-asigned, Amanda. The worst pandurers on the face of the earth. Yeah, I mean, I mean, first of all, they own a ragdee boat and just trying to get here to see put together without Mercedes or any weapons. I mean, you know, and they say that they can bring in tears. They only have enough room for them on the boat. No weapons, they just come. Okay, for you to sing a by the Harold Bell. Bye. Bye. Bye, bye, Harold. We hate you. We do not like you at the Harold, okay? He hate me. Then, in fact, they're all going to be walking around with a t-shirt on their feet. I don't know if they're all he hate me. What's love that? Yeah. 9.565. 60 WDQM. It's a great Monday. You can feel it in your bones. We're all moving to Canon Day when New York World will be safe. And now we can have dinner like it. Louies in the Bronx, where will be safe. Like Salotso and McCloskey. When you stop at that godfather crap already. I can't do it. I can't stop. I can't help myself. Like the four tops would say, I can't be helping myself. 178 votes on Air. Air, bus 69, Gore 49. I blow my brains out 30. Leave the country 17. I wouldn't vote 13. Be saying that. Castaway seafood company knows seafood border. They know what inside and out. They pride themselves on serving you the freshest seafood under the sun. Fresh fish that's never frozen prepared just the way you love it. World black and or broiled. Signature castaway dishes and food sesame seared tuna. Crack cock it unbelievable homemade chaudas. And you know something I still haven't had that chaudry at them. Well. Next time I'm back. You better get them to bring in the chaudry or your history. You got castaways also features grilled certified angus beef burgers filet. Minion Ray huge New York strip. In fact, if you don't make sure they have the chaudranets time on back there. Carlos don't get paid anymore. Castaways offers great daily lunch and early bird's fesials and every Wednesday night is karaoke and ladies night with free drinks for the ladies. Do you want the castaways tailgate party at the Hong fish bar for wicking a money net football specials? While you watch your favorite games, your favorite teams play that smash mouth full ball. The castaway seafood companies got a full bar the open seven days wicking a fight on the southwest corner of university. Driving Griffin Road in Davy. If you're looking to cater next to him or off his party castaways, does they still finish job at Oonatt as well. Castaways seafood company featuring seafood so fresh. It'll slap you on the push. Why? And local. Your sports radio 560's you a few a year. Man, the choy. Oh, oh. Thank you for calling the Rosio Dinal Butterball Turkey Highline. To hear Rosio's Thanksgiving recipes press one. To hear Rosio's holiday hints press two. Stop eating everything. When you go to a holiday party, it's the expensive food first. Eat all everyone else is mingling. If there's other people eating, introduce them to someone who talks a lot. What are you chewing? Put full in the apocalypse in first. We're bagging clothing. So when you're person pops into full, you can sell full in the abroad pansy. Where a huge hat. You're full that was full. You're full. Continue. It's all the food is gone. To hear Rosio's binge in purge techniques called 1-800-FARFIT UP. You know, that's another good reason we're bagging clothing right there. I never thought about that. Right? Great place to hide your stash candy bars. Mm-hmm. Dill pickles. Cole Slah. Uh-uh. Hey, never stopped those old farts at all those other places they put out of business. Pupernick's morons. Wolfies. And even through a scowl house. Oh, hey. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Pembroke finds, hello. You're a mess. That's the truth. Oh, my God, no, you can't. Here, I have that high. Here's Miami, hello. I can be the one I have attached around here. Oh, okay. Okay, like I said, he's not obsessed. Or fat. No. Call a strange, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I know you heard me. I hear you. Yeah, I heard like five different spints on the OAC situation. Uh, me, why would you just give me enough time to cover up the whole company. Country with a blanket, hide everything. What's your take? What's your final feel on it? I don't know where we are. We give it a time. Is he letting inspect us in? Are they? What's his story of state fine things? Well, I'm glad you, uh, I'm ready to ask that because it's a great lead into this next bedtime story. Since all these people are saying, you know, well, let's first of all, you're not going to find anything there. Sorry, like if you had like a cash of weapons in your house and I said, okay, I'm going to come in six weeks from now. I'm going to come in. Uh, we're going to bring a whole bunch of inspectors. We're going to find those things that we're going to throw you. Rest and Jill. You're thinking six weeks later, unless you were a total more on there. Be any guns, uh, we could find in your house. Oh, no. In fact, remembering Godfather, two was it in two? Yeah. After he shot the dawn, right? He took the gun up on the roof and he smashed it on the chimney. He knew a whole bunch of different pieces and he threw the different parts of the gun down different chimneys. Remember that? Yep. Down a smoke stack. Iraq can make chemical weapons that, and the neck, I asked me what my take was, which is why he's not on anymore. Iraq can make chemical weapons that penetrate US protective gear. Iraqi scientists know how to make chemical weapons that can penetrate military protective clothing and Iraq imported up to 25 metric tons last month of a powder that is a crucial ingredient to such dusty weapons. Iraq told you when the powder was destined for a pharmaceutical company that a former weapons inspector says was ordered to represent Sodom who's same before the 1991 Persian Gulf War to work on chemical and biological weapons. The powder is sold under the brand named Erasil has particle so small that when coded with deadly poisons, they can pass through the tiniest gaps in protective suits. Does songs promising, don't it? Yeah. Experts inside and outside the US government say they're not certain Iraq has dusty chemical weapons. In other words, like everything else, we don't know. The class of the US intelligence documents say Iraq produced a dusty form of the blister agent mustard in the 1980s and used it during its eight year war with Iran. If Iraq made and used the powder form of its deadliest nerve agent, VX, it could kill US troops dressed in full protective gear according to an 1990 defense intelligence agency assessment. Although the military's protective suits have been improved since then, experts say dusty weapons could penetrate the new suits. Let me say it again. Although the military's protective suits have been improved since then, experts say that dusty weapons could penetrate the new suits. Pentagon officials refused to discuss the permeability of the new suits or whether Iraq has weapons that could pass through them, such information is classified they said. The 1990s, the IA documents said soldiers could protect themselves by throwing rain ponchos over their chemical suits, which would reduce their feet to fatality risk in the year zero. One, IA, one gets the sense that this was recommended in the face of few other options. The researcher Eric Croddy of the private center for non-proliferation study said dusty VX would be a serious danger to US troops. VX is so toxic that in his liquid form a drop on the skin came kill within minutes. The effective dusty VX, depending on how it gets in the body, would be somewhat dangerous. The master Croddy said it's certainly much more injurious and much more of a severe threat. Dusty chemical weapons are formed by mixing a liquid chemical agent with a fine powder to coat the powder's tiny particles with a deadly poison. The particle's small size allows them to pass through the fabric of a protective suit and any tiny gaps around the seal of a gas mask. The latest US military protective suits have a layer of charcoal in the fabric to trap any poisons in my penetrated outer covering, but particles small enough could pass through the charcoal there. I guess it's like they use on the seats in the airplane. The catch that? Yep, how do they work? Clothesis analogy is no matter what happens when you go to the beach, you still get sand in your short squaddy said. The poisonous powder also would settle in the tiniest nooks and crannies of buildings in equipment, making decontamination extremely difficult. VX and its liquid form already is a decontamination challenge. The sticky poisonous persistent cannot be easily neutralized with substances like bleach. The poisonous toxic chemical weapons cause no US casualties, they could force American soldiers to work in clumsy protective gear, decontamination equipment and avoid contaminated areas giving Iraqi soldiers time to mount defenses. His birthday party, a couple of years ago. What a great party that was. He said that during the 80s, Iraq imported more than 100 metric tons of air wasill, a brand of fume silicon dioxide. On the money night, telecasts. They just decided that they're not going to bother. And so that in September that the York Times quoted an Iraqi defector was saying, Sodoms chemical weapons scientists secretly began producing dusty VX's early as 1994. Erosil made by the German chemical company, the German chemical company, Degosso AG, has an exceptionally small particle size 12 nanometers. That means that more than 2,100 of the particles strung together would be as thick as a human here. Did you take that answer to least a little bit of his question? What's my take? No, what you take? Oh. Naked women spell out the word peace in protest against war in Iraq. How come nothing fun like that ever happens here? All right. Point ray estation, California, which I have no idea where that is, but it sounds like it might be like up by first go with Northern California. I don't know why. It just sounds like it, isn't it? Yeah, like we're a basis or something. I have no idea. Concern that war against Iraq is in the 1950 women took off their clothes in the cold rain and lay endowend in the grass to spell out P.E.A.C.E. The unusual protest was organized in just a few days by Artis Donashi and who wanted to convey the desperation she said women in particular feel about the coming military action. Yeah, if you notice the flood across were getting from women who were really whipped up about Iraq and the Iraq attack, we had one woman so far and she's pissed off that Tommy's got a squeaky voice. That's our Florida for your folks oblivious. Nothing'll ever hurt us. I just thought, what can I do? What can we do? It's a desperate feeling. Well, this is what I did. In every other woman who was there felt like they were doing something for peace. She and called her friends, they called their friends and by Tuesday afternoon they were ready to post for local photographer Art Rogers in a baseball field in the small town. Just not the San Francisco, like I said, how do you like that? It just sounds point-raised station California. It sounds kind of like Friscoish. Yes, as soon as they took off their clothes, a cold rain began to fall. How unusual in the San Francisco Bay area? By the time we'd stripped with a lot of squealing and jiggly and woping and hollowing was really raining, she said, but we had fun, it was very empowering. All the women signed documents, allowing their images to be sold with proceeds going to the peace movement. They point-raised light to local, weekly newspaper published a picture on Thursday. And George wants to see it right away. Right now. 214 votes on our very scientific poll are on eorages.com. The 2004 presidential election, if it pits President Bush against Al Gore, what would you be doing? I vote for Bush 80, Gore 64, 37% to 30% for Bush in this crowd. I blow my brains out 36. I leave the country 18 and I wouldn't vote 16 out of 2114. Here's a call from Miramar, hello. Miramar. Going once. Going twice. Oh, that's, that's Glenn and Miramar. See, we don't even hear the voice, I know who it is. Right wing plan. I get back on a poll and vote for Bush again a couple of times, then I cut the crap. Go clean out your gun. Time-ridge statement has no new threats. Homeland Security Chief Tomorrid said something there was nothing new in a statement attreated to Al Kada that threatens new attacks in Washington and New York unless America stops and continues real and converts to Islam. The threats contained in that piece are the same threats we've been hearing now for the past year. Bridget Tomorrid said in a TV interview, it just added to the totality of the threat in Varmor within which we're working, but we don't add any special credence to it other than we know or he said, how do you like that? Now does that tell you a lot? No. We doesn't give us any more information, but we know where it war. Oh. That's what Tomorrid said, director of Homeland Security. And in fact, that would be a great question. Who's the better psychiatrist or Indian Al Gore at Tomorrid or Ron Diaz? Good to think that's a toughy? That's line them up now. A correspondent for the Arab satellite TV station Al Jazeera told the AP that he received the unsigned six page document on Wednesday, but they have to the station broadcast at audio table, made by Osama Yamama. The US and other governments blamed in London for the attack, Yadi, the Arab TV correspondent Yosri Fauda, who's known for good contacts with an al-Qaeda would only say that the statement came from his sources within the group, but he insisted he was certain it came from the terrorist movement's leadership. Ridg said the Bush administration was uncertain of the source of the letter, or familiar with that piece of information there are no new threats he said. These are the same old conditions that just part of the continuing threat in Varmor that we ask says, it's really nothing new. Meanwhile, I'll see your Bush administration official confirmed yesterday that it reaches President Bush's choice to have a new Department of Homeland Security. The Senate's expected the past legislation this week to read the department. Now, how's it already voted in favor of it? But this story from CBS News, I have to raise a couple of eyebrows because they added all out of the crap in there, and I'm not so sure that it's going to get past it all. Because of the time, delay and some other right wingers have added a whole bunch of extra crap in there to benefit some of their buddies and Texas and elsewhere. And so this story may be obsolete, okay? Get with it, CBS or else. Don't you have a phone, Smoker, aren't they, baby? Wow, I noticed that he didn't even answer many more Carls, he's still disgusted. 560, 560, pound 560 on the end, and probably reflect on this next paycheck too. You haven't talked about? Can't get any lower. That's right. Fulvin' it's active 10 at 560 WQA, and if you want to start popping something good for your health, something that'll protect against those evil doers, all you might can't hurt. All of your amendments are in for me. Thanks, combinations, a pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with good stuff for your body. Vitamins, minerals, or bubbles, other nutrients, scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs. Look for oleomeds, three great new formulas. They've got a new one to help you sleep. There's one product to help you control your weight and co-q10, which is so damn good for your heart. I'm using the benefits of the finest olive oil, the purest olive oil, and money can buy. Pick up some oleomeds today at publics, echids or Walgreens, or get more information about their products by calling to Phrue. Call it an action away call 1866 oleomeds. That's one, 1866, 6536636310, which is so damn good for your heart. I'm using the benefits of the finest olive oil, the purest olive oil, and money can buy. Pick up some oleomeds today at publics, echids or Walgreens, or get more information about their products by calling to Phrue. Call it an action away call 1866 oleomeds. That's one, 1866, 6536633. You can also order their products online at oleomandamerica.com. And don't forget, if you visit yours, publics and buy an oleomand product in data-brower, you can get you a coupon for a free, Larry Coke or Bobblehead doll while supplies land. Those are playing home games. Pick up free oleomeds samples and product information and start popping some oleomeds in your posts, like right away. And look, this is for 2056, you know, the way it's doing, yeah. Floridians, dumb as dirt. This is a story about a girl who got dirty. Here's the one, A new thing up, I'll cure the curse, curse, curse, and lie. Now I'm a grown up, the wild, you're so in my mouth alive. Here's the one, A new thing up, I'll cure the curse, curse, and lie. And I'll cure the curse, curse, and lie. The one, A new thing up, I'll cure the curse, curse, and lie. You know, it's drunk and sadder. Love your earseek, no more garbage, amen. The space, time, I'll feed, hell and death. Yes, she's dirty and dirty, I'd like to clean her off, and I guess probably Carlos too, with their tongue. It's ten eighteen and five sixty. WCWM, I'm telling you, the calls are pouring in. Not, that's okay. Like I said, it's Monday, don't knock yourselves out. I got lots of good stuff here today. Little mixed in match, a little bit of that. Try to keep everybody happy, right? It's a delicate balance we try to weave on this show. Here's a call from Miami, hello. Miami. Okay, and now you see, you put the Naples call back on her again. Let's see if it's for real, hello Naples. Good morning. Yes, sir. I don't think my arrogance is to see. I really thought you were going to come back down for the yet game Friday night at the Mac Arena. Oh, no, this is that guy again. Get out of here. Sorry. It's that, look, let me just say this to you. Okay, this isn't one of the shows on a station that talks to the same four or five people every day. I mean, we have those shows, but this isn't one of them. I just, I just suggest that to you. I did not get rid of him the first time. Yeah. And I, I wasn't who I thought it was going to be, but nevertheless, my head of a pros psychic premonition that that's who it was. Where there was somebody we didn't want to talk to. And this is the guy again, the abudian guy who's always online, I'm from New York, from Naples, from a go away, okay, leave me alone. You have nothing to say. All you want to do is call here and suck my ass and believe me, I've seen you. And look at those phones. Is there one call on there? No. Okay, but we like to call. Don't even answer them now. Answer to call. You had your chance. You had your opportunity. Now I'm starting to get fired up and pissed off with his crowd. It's the same old crap as they love the causes. If the cause have something to say, then got nothing to say. It's the same miss fits the same no life, the same retards. Work my freaking old aging pimple ass off here month after month. They have to day and what I thought was pretty interesting crap. Okay, with a little bit of entertainment thrown in there as well. And the price was right. Oh no, we don't like that. Tom Jiko is right. This is periodic. On audio. We want to hear the colors. The colors are great. Even George knows the colors suck. Yeah. Hi Jack, a temp on Israeli airliner for. No, it just, it just amazes me. How, we've said this for years. It's never going to change. It's like suggesting that South Florida something is going to become like a sophisticated or like they're going to be a few people under the age of 100 done. They're going to happen. Like trying to make chop liver from dog droppings. Man, you can't do it. You just can't do it. The same people who want to hear the sound of their own voice. Oh, I guess you didn't come back down Friday to meet me at the hockey game. No, I did not. In fact, if there was one major reason I wouldn't come back to your last Friday, right now they got a damn. They would be to meet you with the hockey game or at the basketball house or any other place. Go away. Get a life. Find a friend. Go to the bath house. Find a boyfriend. Get away from me. Man, talk about a bunch of clingsons. Now you, and I look at that. Look what you got on there in nine. And you believe that? You believe that call on nine is from Detroit. Here's Detroit. Hello. Hey Neil, what's going on? Are you in Detroit? Yes sir. I told you. What's up? Yeah. Are you on eight mile road? Um, the track stays far away from there as possible. Okay. Um, your friend, uh, Mohauer David. Yeah. You lose that posing for Playgirl. Um, uh, uh, you know, a carlacing not only is next paycheck going to be small and in coming. You're not getting another paycheck. You've just been a, managed to, a free work for next two years. No checks for another two more years. So make that first check stretch out ways as long as you can. Tell her to go in. Went in. I'll say the two late went and out stretch it out and the check too. I mean, I just look at where these causes supposedly come in from. I've been around a block a few times. This guy's calling from Detroit to tell me that Moh Pro, a post for what was a TV guide. Security guards overpowered and Israeli airbiz. You attempted to hijack an LL flight on route from Tel Aviv to Istanbul. Yesterday police said during the flight, the man wielding a small pen knife, attended a break into the cockpit of the Boeing 757, but security officials thwarted his efforts. LL said this statement. Turkish radio and TV identified him as tech viff. Fukra. Why can't we say that? If you KRA, few. LL said he was on and he was an Arab carrying in Israeli passport in all 170 people. A board that flight. We heard people saying there was fighting and I have been a later became clear from Rho 5 or 6 a man ran a mock toward the pilot's cabin. Attack the stewardess and try to enter the cockpit and Israeli passenger on the plane. The Israeli passenger on the plane told his Rho is real. What is it? Is real Army radio? We saw stewardess running like crazy from the front of the place to the business section. She was terrified said the passenger identified as Manacham. Security guards threw him to the floor with his leg spread in his face to the flow. The passengers were hysterical, but the flight attendants were very cool. They calm this down. He said according to Reuters, the flight took off. 15 p.m. from Tel Aviv's Vengury Airport. LL said it safely. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The flight was in the airport. The attack mechanism. The biological weapons are so cheap. They are so easy to hide. There is a thousand ways to hide. He is going to have a daily basis about this kind of thing. Anyway, I want to support you and what you are saying. As a final comment, I hate to call the officer of the people. I can't believe you are forced to listen to these idiots and wait for them. I am out of ten calls. Five or five or four on. I don't think it's worth. I am so sorry you have to go through this. I don't have to. I am choosing to do it. Whatever the hell I want. That is the one thing I will see for this place. They don't tell me what to do. But you know, you take the pole and 40% of the people say, oh well, we like to call and improve the show. I am based on what. You have got something to say. But if the people we have talked to today, I say so far. Maybe three people have had something to say. The rest of them are like either they are making little noises or they are not there. They are playing with themselves or playing with a phone or they got something in there. Never. That is it. That is the extent of their self-law. Never going to change. Absolutely. I totally understand where you are feeling. I am so sorry you have to go with it. I know you have your own choices. But God damn it. People give them the boat. Get these idiots off the call. Please. Let us listen to what is going on in the world. Okay. Then again, they are going to love what you are there. Okay. Have a great life and do a fast because it is not sound too promising. It is another good reason to be stirring that hornet. It is like George says. Okay. Go ahead. Go ahead and get that broomstick out and start stirring up the hornet and say, I could hard. And see if anything else any crap stirred up. You are going to love. In fact, I am going to do the break a little bit early because you are going to love this next to it from the New York Times. Okay. The bait clubs, secret hand shakes, now public grins. Oh, you love this. You might hide under the goddamn counter by the time I get done with that. Can't wait. Well, like that guy is right. He is absolutely right. And maybe during the course of these days to come. Maybe you'll inform us me and George and Carlos and everybody else listening. What it is that you enjoy so much about these phone calls. Huh? Since this audience is almost adamant. They've got to have call. Just like the asshole that calls me on Friday. Oh, they're paying you a lot of money. That's what they're paying you for to take calls. Guess what? No. No, they're not. No, they're not. But there's this arrogance among the colors. Like, well, you're taking away our show. It's where the ones that, yeah. You're the ones that kill us. You're the ones that destroy that butcher that mango, that twist that whatever. Three hundred nineteen votes. The votes are pouring in there for booch and for gore and for suicide. Things like that. Yeah, his appearance last night on 60 minutes was. And they didn't show the whole interview. They just show clips of it. The unsundselling at best. Glad I missed it. And he's angry and he's fired up and he's pissed off. And he hates this one and he hates that one and he hates the evil doors. And about the fact that he dominates in these cabinet meetings. But he, he dominates. He doesn't want and he, they showed him make an estate. But about how well when he says something, he doesn't have to explain it to anybody. What's somebody else is good. Yeah, what's somebody else is something they might have to explain it to him. But that's one of the perks of being present. And he don't have to explain himself to anybody. And then he would be able to if he had to. He went. A couple of times they nobody said, what do you mean by that? How do you like that? Twenty to eleven. Listen, I hate. You're, you look at him. That's how you don't, yeah. You don't need to hear a word. Don't you don't need to read anything. You don't need to ask any questions. You look at him and that answers everything you want to know. His blinking is loud. Don't give me started, please. I want to stay calm. Hey, here's a great place. You can go if the world is really coming to an end. Why not just go and pick out. Why not just jam it in your post and in your pants and in your skirt. At the air, Moko's Chinese buffet. Boy, you talk about a pleasurable place. Forget about the worries of the world there. You'll find three locations for either in sunrise, north Miami Beach, and their brand new location in Pembroke Pines. They've got six different kinds of great soups. In fact, if you're a real pig, why not? I try them all. Why not? They're all great. And they've got dozens and dozens of mouthwatering on trays, including Oriental Surf and turf on a weekend. New York strip steak made to your order just the way you like it. The gourmet set of that's a sizzling Asian grill featuring all of these things. Teriyaki steak, shrimp, chicken seafood, even Han Carr, prime, let me say it again. Cook to your order. A name of course, buffet for most healthy living. There's no crap in any of their food. No MSG. Now that the cholesterol oil crap, they use only cholesterol free oils and all their cooking. There were faith features a full salad bar, a new sushi bar, a fresh shrimp cocktail. One requirement, try to save room for dessert. Get a crowbar and just shove it in your pants because the desserts are sensational. They're pies and cakes and pasteries and ice cream with all your favorite toppings. Fresh fruit, including watermelon. It's a perfect ending to an unforgettable feast. You'll find the Emerald Coast in sunrise at Pine Island of 44-330. Original soft photo location. Also on Collins Avenue, just north of 160-330, north Miami Beach. And the intersection of Lemigo and Pembroke Road in prestigious temperate pines. Emerald Coast accept reservations. Take out delivery available too. In fact, because Richard, he's over there in the sunrise. Richard is from Toronto. When you go in there say, how the leaves do an A? And he'll just still probably kick you out. Call 9-5-4-5-7-238-22. That's 9-5-4-5-7-238-22. Check out the North-Einald Chicken salad too. The Emerald Coast Chinese buffet, it'd be the best. The most popular local species is 5-60. The radio though yours. Oh, that's not a QAM. Yeah. WQAM. Gosh, I can't think of the name of that stuff. It's... Ah, it's just completely slipping my mind. What is it called? Ah, it's a cat. I can't... It's like a disease. It's like a disease or something that... Ah, it's a cat. Oh, I can't, I think of the name. Ah, it's a cat. What is it? It's a... Ah, it's a cat. Oh, but you shut up, you stupid duck. I'm trying to read my mail. And facts. Now available nationwide. He shouldn't just ask for money. And facts. He knows what it is. 1046 and 560, WQAM before I get to that story. Because I want you to have time to strap yourself in. Alright. Here's an even better one. In a different way. Man slash the argument over Harry Buttocks. Correct them. Harry, who? This is in one of the Brit publications by the little course. Leave it to them to make it fun of us. Wait till I get to that royal scandal rape story. A man in the US was allegedly sliced with a knife after arguing with a friend over who had the Harry's Buttocks. Police say, Emmanuel Niewes and Eric Sapparita were talking with friends in Mansfield Township, New Jersey about their bombs when the conversation began heated about their bombs. Dutch love those Brit's. That's a... It's a legend. The evidence got so upset. He pulled an iPhone to slash Mr. Sapparita on the head. Oh! Mr. Sapparita isn't good condition. Being treated a hackets down hospital. Niewes is being held on $25,000 bond. Charges against an include aggravated assault. Terrorist threats, weapons, offenses, and criminal mischief. All over who's got the Harry's Buttocks. Who's got the Harry's ass? Poor. Here we go. The bait club's secret hand shakes now public runs against it. These New York Times. In the early days of the Bush administration, allegiance to the conservative debate club known as the Federalists Society was declared almost in a whisperer. A nominee for a top justice department post-rilled by a democratic senator last year about his membership in the Society, professed that he had no idea what its politics were. Financial nominees mean while scrambled to disavow positions they had taken before the society, as critics attacked its influence in the White House, members complained of McCarthy-rights mere tactics. But if membership in the Federalist Society was once the source of controversy, this wicked became cause for a coming out party. As several thousand members at the group's 20th anniversary conference, wereveled in its growing influence in the Bush administration in the White House of the Republicans' swept elections. A three-day conference that concluded today at the Mayflower Hotel of Washington, meaning yesterday, looked at times less than a private law conference than a Justice Department retreat. No fewer than 12 senior justice department officials including John Aschropt himself, and half his 10 top-ranking assistant attorneys general, gave speeches in the 10 seminars to give their decidedly conservative views about terrorism, religious freedoms and other issues. Law professors, lawyers, lobbyists and society members from around the country's shared coffee and what-howshaped cakes with cabinet members and talk legal shop with conservative icons like Justice Antonin Scalia, Kenneth W. Star, the Whitewater Prosecutor and former Judge Robert Bork. Despite a budget of $3.2 million and nearly 30,000 members, the Federalist Society does not stake out official positions to endorse candidates. It does not bring lawsuits or file legal briefs. What it does organize, who say, is promote dialogue about constitutional principles and the law. Along the way, it is attractive, conservative admirers throughout the Bush administration in the Federal Judiciary, much of these should grid of liberal critics who say it has achieved two influential, a behind-the-scene role in governing. David and Macintosh, a Washington lawyer in co-founder of the Society, said this week's conference line up was the most impressive he could remember. Six months or so ago, Mr. Macintosh said, the Society's members sometimes felt as they were under interrogation by the communist hunting house on American activities committee for their beliefs, but with wider exposure and more sympathetic ears, he said, the group now sees a greater chance than ever before to win a civil policy, especially in bringing light-minded jurists to the Federal bench. That is what has the Society's critic so worried, especially with the prospect of several openings on the Supreme Court soon. Nadine's Strasin present at the ACR News, part of the system attorney general Michael Chirtoff and other conservative lawyers at a Federal Society debate on Friday on the impact of the war on terrorism on American civil liberties. Ms. Strasin invited as a contrary and liberal voice was in the clear minority. These societies done a lot to advance public debates, you said, but it's very disparating to be as a civil libertarian that the very conservative pro-government wing has really taken over not just the group, but in a way our justice system. Federalists' Society members once ticklish about such a taxime to delight in them at this week's conference as Mr. Ascrop solicitor General Ted Olson and others lamb poondalibule voices who dread the groups influence. There are some who would paint the Federal Society's a nefarious underground cabal with secret hand shakes and blood oats, Mr. Ascrop did pan, then as his audience cackled he headed, I called you all here because I want to know who's squealed. Another common theme at the conference beyond the self-perities and surefire punch lines at Bill and Hillary Clinton's expense was a sense of awe and wondermin over how far the group had come. The Federalist Society started 20 years ago as a loosely cobbled network of conservative groups, revealing, guess what we're seeing is ultra liberal student and faculty bodies that places like Yale Law School, we called Mr. Borker former law professor. Today the Society's got 140 law school chapters and 60 lawyers chapters and membership has grown by 5,000 people in last year as its fame has spread so the Society's president Eugene Meyer. Who would have thought 20 years ago just as silly as said at the Society's Black Taggila on Thursday that the little organization of students had a couple of law schools would have evolved today to a power of such proportions, pausing he said it could have been a grand flop. How do you like that? Well, lovely. And America's sleeping baby, how about those ball games man? Let's get to the important stuff like OJ. Good segue. Thank you. Totally we had a good OJ story today and that's from the globe so it might be partially true. OJ by $7,000 boobs to make lever look like Nicole. OJ sims in a showdown early and by the way, good morning OJ. OJ sims in a showdown early $7,000 is the boost as much younger girlfriend boobs say inside as while still owing millions to the families of Nicole Brown sims in a wrong Goldman from the wrongful debt civil suit. To celebrate the monumental occasion, sims in 55 and Christie Prodie embarked on a boo soaked binge in Miami Beach, I wouldn't as to say. The 2070 world blonde proudly beard her new breasts, which the disgrace football hero bragged her at least one cup large size of one cup size larger and even loud a fellow patron to stand. A picture for a new treasure chest. Christie has definitely had a boobed job in system inside her. She's telling everyone she has and she couldn't be happier. OJ wanted her with bigger breasts and he's telling people that that's the way he likes his women. Blonde, white, blue eyed and big boobs. Blast brown's cousin Ralph Bauer, he's not doing it for his girlfriend, he just wants to make her into the next Nicole. He wants somebody who looks like her to be Nicole, I hope she does eventually and up like Nicole. In other words, they... Sources say sims in and pro-Died launched their day of drinking last month around noon that they famous Miami Beach waterfront bar restaurant called Motties, but they really got wild and crazy later at playwright a local Irish pub. You know playwright? No. Puggy, but I get with it. They were bombed. Said when I win this, Christie said OJ had just paid for her to get breast implants and she was quite happy to show them to everyone. She was really proud. When she exposed herself OJ was just smiling could see the bruises from the surgery. And while he lost his 1968 husband award as the best college football player in the Coles of State, Simpson was strutting like a rooster over his gall pal's trophy bust judging by another playwright customers remarks. According to OJ says the second I win this, Christie wanted bigger breasts for long time and he finally decided to get them for her. He told me I've always liked big-tested blondes anyway, I couldn't believe OJ said that. He seemed really proud of the whole thing. He told me it cost him a few grand and she went up at least one cup size. The second source says Simpson and Prode were guzzling brinks, noting that OJ ordered shot after shot of age whiskey at 20 bucks of pop. After they each had more than a few Easton people by talking Christie into pulling up her new top and showing off her new breasts. He said they're beautiful. Let them see what I bought. He lacked and then she did. A third I win this note, the more Christie drank the wilder she became. She was talking about her new breast and rubbing them. Then she began grabbing the breast of other females in the bar. All the wild OJ was laughing and didn't discourage her. And then there's a picture I thought about this picture of him with his phony breasts. Hmm. This is what I've seen. I've done page 17 of this week of the November twice of slow. Just that picture alone. I'll give it next month. When it comes out there, right? At one point, outrageous Simpson spotted a Halloween costume with fake breasts in the bar. Slip them under her shirt and up singly pulled them out for a pro-din other patrons to lick to fake nipples and that's what the picture is. When he did it, everyone was laughing so the first I witnessed, but it was revolting to watch really sick. While OJ's attorney, Elcalator, tells Glob, Christie doesn't have any breast implants. It didn't happen. Experts say there's little doubt she's had a boob job. You can see the border of the implant and the slight pucker at the nipple where the incision was made. In the air, plastic surgeon Dr. Bruce Nader, they look like two have grapefruit sort of exaggerated baywatch look which I don't like because it's not naturally said. And certified cosmetic surgeon Dr. Al Ali, MD of the University of Iowa, points out the whole bill could reach seven grand. Effect that's got the Brown and Goldman family's furious. Simpson moved to Miami two years ago to escape California's tough bankruptcy laws. After he lost that civil suit was ordered to pay three and I have many dollars to the 1994 deaths of Brown and Goldman. OJ's sickens me, rages Brown's cousin, Rothbauer. He owes the family millions of dollars, but instead of paying them, he turns around and spends thousands to buy his girlfriend some breasts. This is typical of the guy he doesn't show any remorse for Nicole's death. Ali does his buy boob for his girlfriend. How do you like that, huh? If you want to see a big boob, OJ just looking at me or that's all you have to do. Idiot, you scumbag, you low life and have a great day by the way. Did you tell me the weather's pretty crappy again? Oh, I don't know what it is lately. Because I sure hope it don't interfere with OJ's golf game, you know? Oh, man. Yeah, I don't want to mess up your golf game, OJ because we want to make sure that you're having a great amount of pleasure in South Florida, where every scumbag sooner or later finds his way. 154 votes on a poll. If the 2004 presidential election puts, uh, Pittsburgh president Bush against Al Gore, I think the pits was the operative termner. I vote for Bush 133, 37.5%. I vote for Gore 110, 31%. Even in this audience, which it may be getting stacked there, you know what I'm saying? What have we been getting a few, a few ringers in there? I'd blow my brains out 56. I wouldn't vote 29. I'd leave the country 26. As the moderate rational people of America, if they're ready to let them let, they just kind of sit back. Little bit like this, just like on election day. And the boots just keep stomping and marching and we're going to go blow up this one. And we're going to blow up that one and tell what the consequence is, you know? We need that oil real bad. 1056 at 560 WQA, I'm Tom Lane and in the Hall of Potty, GMC are proud of what else the great Neil Rogers Neil deals 0% sale. That's right with a proof credit from GMAC gets zero down payment and zero percent financing on all. 2002 and 2003 Potty, ECH and GMC models plus zero payments for 90 days. Let me sit again, zero payments for 90 days or take a rebate of up to five grand. And as always, at Hall of 0 hassles, don't forget to mention you heard about it here on the New York, your show and save even more when you mention Neil Deal. Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs, including that snappy envoy, the SUV of the, according to Motor Trend magazine and the new Pontiac Vibe SUV that's got the power of a big fancy sports car. Hall of Salsa got it from into selection of use cars, parking SUVs and credit problems never problem and how that we're always sure they're going to cut you deal. But right now it's the great Neil deals 0% sale at Hall of Pontiac, 134 on one South Dixie Highway that's US won across from the falls open every day of your life seven days a week. Call the Neil Deal hotline for more information, toll free, 1 888-5344-4211. That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven for Hall of Pontiac GMC who be professional grade dependent on it. That's right, Starastage Green and Paradise. See, you look like what's jamblin. That's go's I is will jamblin. Yeah, but you're dead. For you. I can't run the car. Oh, why? I said, keep moving. What do you want to know? What are you going to do? What are you going to do? I can't get a head off the merchandise. It's green, all you want to do is go to the right. So when the smoke is down here in the girl, okay? What do you require of me? I require you drop your pants. Now, now see here. Right now. I don't know. Drop it off. Yeah, I don't know. You're like a hell of a dorn. Okay, I'm not drunk here. That's nice. That's shit. Bend over. Yes. Mm. Mm. Yeah. That's queer like a pig. Sweet. Sweet. See, that's kind of nice. I can't. Wait, wait, you're going. Don't I get a dinner? Will, jibbly. She's right. I'm going to go. Don't I get a dinner? Will, jibbly. She's right. I'm going to go to a five, 60 WDQ. I'm happy Monday too. We got the Jim and its world famous show on a clock today. Blue Schabby for the homperies on his way back from the West Coast. Blue will be doing a show from WFN in New York. Aren't you impressed about that? Uh, and then you got that more with both five to six o'clock, which is part of that whole, let's kill an easy arthing. Six thirty to eight thirty, it's her who in hotline the big. Oh. Eight thirty to ten, any k ten from g a and ten to what is it two to six tomorrow It's your own mark. Now what's the story with that? Are they like, uh, look at that. Again, this third day night, they're off to. What is that all about? We heard transmitter maintenance or something like that. Oh, seriously. What does that all about? Seriously. What do you mean transmitter maintenance? Every Thursday night. This is like the third or fourth week in a row. They've been doing that. Well, the transmitter maintenance was Bob remote doing P and on the tower, something. I'll guarantee that night and Amsterdam man. He would have climbed up there and peed all over the tower. He was just slides out of his mind, which is why I kept talking about screw in and Ruh and Ruh. Screw in. It was great. I wish I would have had a little tape recorder. Wait till you hear this. This may make you crap your pants if that other story didn't do it about the secret hand shake. Or something like that. US media giant eyes capital radio. This is from the BBC. The world's biggest radio company, ClearChannel, is reported to be planning a bid for two of the UK's biggest commercial radio stations. Oh, they're like a giant octopus spreading all over the world extending their testicles and everybody's backyard. The American owned firm is said to be interested in by London's capital radio along with the National Station Classic FM. Queer Channel owns 2000 radio stations in the US and is valued at $24 billion. $24 billion in their cutting corners, man. Their cutting corners, which is why what's his name, your buddy in the morning is looking for a job on our station, Paul. Pauli Boy. You seen them lately? Not lately. I thought you ran into what the is so aggressive the night. It already has radio interest in the UK with stakes and businesses including Switch digital. But according to the Sunday telegraph, it's about to announce the sale of these stakes to clear the way up for a big bid. There's a big one coming, baby. Roger Perry, chief executive of Clear Channel, a wonderful fundraiser related to Kinder Roger Crotch, told the newspaper clearly we want scale and there's no point buying just one business. You have to have a coherent strategy to allow you to consolidate the industry. Any buyer considering a UK play has to include capital high and the list of potential candidates is the largest and most visible he said. The slide rule has been well and truly we're not working what the assets are worth. Last week's years in capital radio fell sharply after reported ahead in annual pretext profits had practically cut in half because of a slump and advertising. Third channel will be able to bid for the UK radio stations when the government relaxes media ownership rules in the UK. Underward very soon. How do you like that? Free soon. Every goddamn radio station in a world beyond by chief channel. Every one of them. And people should be to program director of every one of them. And you and everybody in the world can like take their radio out and get a guy damn meat axe and just rip it to shreds and then burn the remains of it. Have a big bonfire. Maybe we can get Steve Dolph from Chicago and we'll bring them all up back to the old Kymiske Park. Is that still there? They probably throw that down. Don't know. Remember they burned all of this go records there? Well we can burn all your radio is there once chief channel buys up the whole goddamn dial and there's nothing left to listen to anymore. What everybody's working for like four bucks in our Carlos Nikki and making much right now. Just wait till chief channel buys this radio station baby. You're going to be paying them just to come in the doorway down there. That's right there'll be a thing just like in a paid toilet. You have to deposit a quarter in there just to get the door open every morning. Here's North Lauderdale. Hello. Good afternoon. Neil. How are you today? Good evening. How you doing? I'm doing fine. I draw the camp here on the wall of Elham, proud county and it just goes to show just the mentality of the people down here because I talked to people about things. I listened to a lot of different stations and I hear a lot of different things. And it seems that Americans truly are dumb with a dirt because pretty much nobody knows anything that goes on. You were just talking about clear channel buying up all of these stations. And it seems like anytime people get in my camp and they hear that I listen to NPR or when I'm listening to you and people never know what's going on. They don't know what's going on in the world. They seem to live in a case. And there's one question I needed to ask you and I don't know why somebody mentioned one of the trade papers. Is there anything going on? So the NPR being folks somebody? Do we hear that story, dude? It's something about the religious one of the TVN or one of those buying all of that. That was a very large demonstration. That was about that. That was about that. She's born again Christian fanatics that are buying up all these NPR small market stations right. Also, how could you buy something that's not for profit? No, no. They're buying up the stations that carry the program. Not all of them, but just in a lot of markets. A lot of cheap stations of carry NPR is a programming. They're just buying them. They're just offering it in the Christian coalition. Right. Robert's in all those go in right. It's just, I don't understand it Neil because like I said, I speak to a lot of people in the car. And it seems that most people nobody could stand. GW what's going on in this country. And I really don't understand what a healthy take these old. But the public is pulling a narrow man. And Rome is burning in their fillet. They're sitting back, you know, involved in a bunch of idiotic crap that they think is very important to them. And they have no concept unless there are people who are traveling. You know, traveling people who get around the world and go places. But other than that, the rest of the people don't even know where these countries are on the map that we're talking about in the news every day. You know, it's so funny because I bring up things. And I speak to people and I have some Republicans. Why are you Republican? Why did you vote what you did? Yeah. And I bring up first got push in the union bank and everything. Yeah. And nobody even hears anything and they keep on going, oh well, Joe Kennedy did this. Joe Kennedy did that. Yeah. And nobody wants to take, you know, take a look at what these people are doing. And this family is evil. And it's just like you said, I don't even have to watch what said last night. And I don't even have to hear anything as man says, I just look at his eyes. And I just look at what he looks like. And I finally figured out exactly who he looks like. He's a little monkey curious George who my mother used to read me a story when I was a little kid. But the monkey was smart because he knew what he was chasing after that hat. There you go. Okay. Good luck to you. Hang in there. You say it was a train monkey something like that. A lot of them train monkeys going around these days. Uh-huh. 560 560, pound 560 on the ATD. The untended W is win an R pool. And there's Tom Regis says, feel safe. Every gate, every airport. Or in this country. Yeah. Just clear of all the clown with a big red nose on a barred from Dr. Patch Adams. 384 votes on a full of the 2004 presidential election pits president Bush against Al Gore. I'm both for Bush 142 almost 37%. I vote for Gore 122 31.7% I blow my brains out 60. I wouldn't vote 32. I leave the country 28. See now this is deceptive because 63.1% wouldn't vote for Bush. I thought what I'm saying right. But this is this is the dilemma of the people who are anti-bush. And don't support all this kind of right wing crap that's going on in this country. And that is that we don't know where to turn because Al Gore sure ain't the answer because he's already proved he couldn't win a fixed election. Well, right. Looks the other way. Come on now. Now he couldn't win a fixed election. It was fixed and he couldn't win it. And in fact, to the matter is he's gotten worse instead of better. Watch him now. You watch him now. He's more wooden than ever. He's a caricature of himself. And what all do we expect of that Jack hasn't plantation that's something that bitchy facts a couple of weeks ago. If you can't handle the truth too bad, don't be blaming anybody else. Blame that Democratic Party just like this last election. That a golden opportunity right there in our hands if they blew it. Speak in a people going off the deep end. There's a Cheryl seal column which I'm not going to read it on the air. It was written just a dare to after Paul Wellstone died in that plain crash. Yeah. In which he accuses to be public in party of killing Paul Wellstone and also killing the former senator from Missouri. What that was his name? I forgot. Malkharna hand. Oh. See give me about a half a second I can remember my name too. And the similarities of the two, how close they were right before the elections and their respective States in Missouri and Minnesota. And she's got some interesting points in there and about the right wing lunatics out there. And it's true. I'm not going to say that anybody killed Paul Wellstone. How to hope what we know that. But the fact of the matter is that the right wing extremist now control the country and the rest of the public sits back. Hey, what time is the ball game on American people are they know nothing. And the rest of the world laughs at Americans. Okay. I mean, I want some of the designer clothing that Americans are wearing. And they may be excited about coming to visit Disney World for a day or two. And then they want to get to hell out and hope they get out alive. They sure as hell don't admire the gun. Toten blow in your brains out. And the reality in the lack of value on human life. And I'm going to change something here on this radio show. That's why it's so pointless for me sitting here and getting all worked out about these things. And you press the guy damn buttons on a phone and a year. And what is that? Tell you. That's our audience man. That's QAM for it. That's the soft Florida. Whatever the hell it is. But boy, talk about that game yesterday man. But I'm up. But I'm up there and tell you to write linebacker how many times he picked his nose. And how many times he farted during the game. And what flavor was whether we're strawberry or chocolate or vanilla? We got the experts on that crap. And you want to know why? Why? Because if QAM crap. His arm it'll name. Go to the nail would be a great slogan. Can you just see the advertising campaign for that? We're WQA and a crap. Is our middle name? We just specialize in it. It's called crap with the QA. As a matter of fact, we got crap up the ass. Is what we got. We got so much of it. Yeah, that's a good idea. QRAP. Crap. I like it. Maybe when Greg does those billboards for it. Hey, let me tell you right now. You've heard us talk about fast train on and on and over and over. A lot of you folks out there are stuck in dead end jobs. I have no idea why when you can get yourself some great training and a fantastic hot-paying new job while we're all still alive. The facts are simple if you have the dedication fast train can provide you with necessary training to become a certified computer professional. According to Time magazine, the demand for computer professionals is going to continue to explode. The average student completes the training in just four short months attending School 3 nights a week. Once you complete your certification, fast train can up you in getting a brand new computer job. Fast train advice you to come and visit their train career counselor and determine which track is ideal for you. Confast train toll free at one. It's finger lakes. One, eight, six, six or yonkers fast train to set up an appointment that's one, eight, six, six fast train and with four convenient locations there's Bombay one close by where you live because there's a fast train in four Laudered Hill, one in Pembroke Pines. One of my main the newest one in Kendall. And don't forget to ask the queer counselor for list of students just like yourself who are currently in their dream jobs with a great training they got at fast train. Call him today. One, eight, six, six fast train. That's one, eight, six fast train or check them on the worldwide wicked web at train.com. You can be working on a great new high-paying job before spring. Thanks to our friends at Fast Train. You can be working on a great new high-paying job before spring. You can be working on a great new high-paying job before spring. You can be working on a great new high-paying job before spring. You can be working on a great new high-paying job before spring. You can be working on a great new high-paying job before spring. You can be working on a great new high-paying job before spring. You can be working on a great new high-paying job before spring. You can be working on a great new high-paying job before spring. You can be working on a great new high-paying job before spring. You can be working on a great new high-paying job before spring. You can be working on a great new high-paying job before spring. You can be working on a great new high-paying job before spring. You can be working on a great new high-paying job before spring. You can be working on a great new high-paying job before spring. You can be working on a great new high-paying job before spring. You can be working on a great new high-paying job before spring. You can be working on a great new high-paying job before spring. You can be working on a great new high-paying job before spring. You can be working on a great new high-paying job before spring. You can be working on a great new high-paying job before spring. You can be working on a great new high-paying job before spring. You can be working on a great new high-paying job before spring. You can be working on a great new high-paying job before spring. You can be working on a great new high-paying job before spring. You can be working on a great new high-paying job before spring. You can be working on a great new high-paying job before spring. You can be working on a great new high-paying job before spring. You can be working on a great new high-paying job before spring. You can be working on a great new high-paying job before spring. You can be working on a great new high-paying job before spring. You can be working on a great new high-paying job before spring. You can be working on a great new high-paying job before spring. You can be working on a great new high-paying job before spring. You can be working on a great new high-paying job before spring. I like to stay like another six years or so. And when the pot slides great. And when the pot slides great. And when the pot slides great. And when the pot slides great. 1118 at 5.60. You want to know why I played that? Why did you play that? Because in the globe this way slopes since I got all these templates here several weeks several months I had to use. 6 secrets of the bachelor. This is one of the most historically amusing abusing stories I've ever come across. So to speak. I tell you from the chin down he looked too bad. But then when you see this picture of him with, who ever to help she is, he don't look all that good, you know? A lot of heavy makeup. And anyway, now how do you pronounce his last name, Aaron? B-U-R-G-E-E. How much a curl is with no he watches that show? No. You don't watch that show? The bachelor? I would say the ones. Where's, where's, where's he? I'm just gonna come Aaron. Topless turns and sudsy hot tubs locked in braces in front of orang fires and winds, so kisses. These are the sexy secrets that titl a 15 million viewers have made them tune to the bachelor each week, including all three of us. Not. On TV's favorite guilty pleasure, lucky millionaire banker, Aaron, whatever's last name is. Where's he? I don't want to say burgay. This is thrills for giving the show's gals plenty of hands on attention as he leads out the pack of 25 mirage proposal hopefuls, but the 28 year old hunk has touched off widespread speculation with fans that he was liberally giving it his all, and his quest for him is right and had sex with bachelor bets, taline, Gwen and Brooke during a recent show. The episode featured moments of a bridal patch, after he escorted them to individual overnight stays in fantasy suites. It looked like Gwen and Aaron had sex in their fantasy suede one pure road on ABC shows internet message board. Maybe that's why he dumped her. First you hunker and then you dump her and that what he said. Yeah. Another bachelor watch you wrote he spent the night with all three women, how intimate did that night get. I noticed in the last scene with sweet brook there was a lot of a shot of her topless in the bathtub. On that date, where gay and Brooke Smith, a 22 year old college student from she's pretty hot, by the way, Brooke Smith. Oh and you know who really looks like crap and I don't care what you say and I got a stir about her later on maybe. Today we're tomorrow. I give up. I'm pretty ripper. All right. Oh, she's nasty looking man. You must be, I don't know. That's pretty. Long pass. On that date, where gay and Brooke Smith, a 22 year old college student from Albertville, Alabama, met up for a romantic night in Hawaii. Brooke was wild by the sweetness roaring fireplace, breeze blown balcony and the sensuous sound of waves crashing on the beach. The scene ended with a couple sharing a steamy foam bath on a hot tub with plenty of kissing and cuddling at one point the curvy blonde rolled on top of very tested burjay and viewers were left with the obvious impression that she'd removed her top is her bare back was exposed to the camera. After the camera stopped rolling on Brooke and Aaron and the hot tub, the crew had a tough time getting them out of that tub said one insider, getting them apart like with a crowbar. A whole year. Obviously, aroused in very much into the moment they wanted to stay in their believe me. They weren't just playing the cameras. It was very passionate moment for them. But an exclusive interview broke my intention. She kept her top on and nothing happened in the hot tub. She says burjay was a perfect gentleman. Soft is a marshmallow she said. On another sleepover, burjay in 27 year old Helena, oh, why did you hear this name? Extracowitz. Okay. Enjoyed a sexy escape and I'm getting that one right by the way. A sexy escape and aspect Colorado. The two sabre white wine is they knuzled in a bubbly hot tub and later they spooned in the middle on a couch before roaring fire. They spoon. Jesus, God Almighty, that's older than most hairpiece that were spooned. Yeah. Well, he's coming clean on his own personal sex secrets. Gorge court. And now, now, wait to hear this. And a series of shocking revelations. Burjay admits he pleasures himself while fantasizing about the sexy bachelor rats. Oh my God. I'd be lying to the diet. He says the bachelor boy also confesses that he is into kinky bondage and is cheated on his girlfriends. And then they were aware of Burjay's lusty self-satisfying habit long before surprising admission. Before surprising e-mission. Erwin's espionze Valerie Zulmer told me she caught him in the act late one night when they were living together in Tuss Oklahoma one pal tells the globe. Valerie said she had gone to bed early, but when Erwin hadn't joined her by midnight, she got up and found him sitting in the living room, pleasuring himself by watching a porno will be on cable. She was absolutely shocked. But Erwin just told her, don't be so uptight every guy doesn't. She was shocked. This is one of those you don't remember the laugh or cry. Yeah. Burjay, a senior vice president of his family's bank in Springfield, Missouri, his family's bank in here to $185 million fortune admits he's also into kinky sex and has practiced bondage. I've done it before he says a bondage, but he have to be dating somebody for quite a while before you go there. Unless maybe like your Gary Conduwood. Don't go there. And while he says he's had too long term relationship, she has no crimes about admitting he cheated on his girlfriends in the past. Back in college, yes, he says anybody who says they've never cheated to somebody. You can't trust George. Huh? That might be something the two-raining batch libretts will want to keep in mind when they vie for the final rows. Oh, he's going to cut him a row. Me, no, no, no, no. What? Now that I say by the way, I hated Runaid Colour called and said that he pronounces it burgy. Burgy? I don't know how much to believe about that. I wonder if he's dating Burgy. Burgy and Furgy. That might be something the two-raining batch libretts will want to keep in mind when they vie for the final rows. Me, no, no, no, no. 11th, one online gaming sites has been at wait during the outcome after being hit with the title wave of bets from Burgy, Tom Town, and strangely enough, all the bets were placed on Haleen. As fans wait to see your Burgy chooses, they're weighing in on their favorites on the show's internet message board. Many have criticized Haleen saying a mother thinks she is a Rudolph nose and a whiny, greaty voice. Now, let's see. Is this Haleen? Oh, look at that. She is skaky. Look at man. She's nasty. And quite frankly, him and his picture, they make a good couple. He looks like Joseph Gackie here. From the chin down, like he said, he's pretty good. Got a great body, but boy, she plays a mean chinball from the chin up. It says, some are betting that these school psychologists from Gloucester City and the Jersey's going to end up the last woman standing. It's going to be Haleen, row one, view on positive about that. That great? No, I'm touched. Page 25. If you want to see, when you go into the supermarket, just go to the supermarket. Just pick up the globe and pay to your first look at OJ with his breasts and then take a look at Haleen and Berge Fergi, Aaron. In the picture in the circle, on the picture we're sitting down in the chair, you know, I mean, you can make anybody look good. Picture in a bathtub, he looks damn good, okay? Both pictures in a bathtub, but then you don't see his head in the one. And she looks, she is skabby. Oh, she's the one you like. What's your name? Kelly Rippa. Kelly Rippa. I'm going to Rippa when I get a chance. I'm going to say that right now. She is nasty, right? Well, there's a whole series. In other words, like here, you can find one picture of almost anybody that looks good except us. You know what I'm saying? No, I understand that phenomenon, nevertheless. But in her case, I can't find one. Here's my name, Haleen. Let me take a call, please. All right, have you been able to go on here? Hello. Yeah, hey, Neil. I thought it was kind of funny while you were reading about OJ. One of my cats was looking at his up the other cat's ass, so I thought that was kind of interesting. But I wanted to comment on how they talk about not letting the Haitians because of national security. But how many Haitians have been coming Cuban spies that have been put in jail? Good point. All I ever do was talk about the Cuban's wet foot dribbler, but they cost, you know, they do. Did you say wet back or wet foot? Whichever one you choose. Yeah. Well, the Haitians don't have any political cloud ban in addition to which the most important thing of that last episode, under a couple weeks ago, was the fact that here we are around heightened security alert, where like peanut are pants, we're waiting for these spectacular attacks and a Coast Guard can't catch anybody with both hands. How do you like that? They were afraid to vote my capsizing somebody might drown to the. Oh, man. And a public, let me tell you, Republican parties got her right, man. They're playing right to the stupidity of the American public. And they got him by the short hairs. They, they know exactly where it's at. We're good. You're either with us or against us. Everybody else is the evil doers and you're with us or against this. And let's go kick some action. Show them who's boss. And then it's it. In American public loves it. They're waving their flags. They're, you know, doing their thing. They're eating their buffet. 420 votes on a poll. If the 2004 presidential election pits president Bush against Al Gore, I vote for Bush 156. 4138. I blow my brains out 61. I wouldn't vote 35. And I leave the country 30 at a 420 vote. You know, traveling today speaking, leaving the country can really be stressful. Especially when you go to the airport. Oh, brother. You have to start looking for a place to park. You got 4,000 police want to check your insides and outside. And when you find a park in spot, it's usually a long, schlector you have to go. National and most can change all of that for you. What these folks are great. They're doing a super job for me. They'll arrive at your location on time in a new sedan. Limo van. Whatever you need to take your way. It's hassle free. National, the most not only takes care of your transportation here, but anywhere in the world. So when you arrive at your destination, national and most will be their waiting for you. Call National, the most at their toll free number 1-877-376-336-3200. If you don't like to find commercial airlines and we can see you understand why. National and most aviation department can arrange the safest private aircraft for your travel worldwide. And for your sports fans out there, there's no better way to get to and from the game than to get one of National and most super stretch of the most luxury coaches. While everybody else is near car spitting traffic. If you're looking for way to get to the airport, the game are just in a round-town called National Limos. And especially with the holidays coming, a lot of people are going to be a party time. Let's endude the driving the safeway for you. Call National Limos toll free at 1-877-377-336-3200. Be sure to tell the Neil Torny to call to get you 10% off on your first airport service or a free hour of chartered limousine service. 1-877-377-336-336-3200 for National Limos. 5-877-3200 for National Limos. Oh my god, guess what those crazy foreign chemical plants have been hiding? It's no secret any longer introducing new spam tracks, the lunch and meat with a killer taste. What do you think of new spam tracks? Killer! Trine on pizza. Killer! On Nachos. Killer! Or make a sandwich. Killer! Hey, what happened to all the spam tracks? Oh, guess I wasn't fast enough. There it goes. New spam tracks. The lunch and meat with a taste that's... With a taste that's... Come on, wake up people with a taste. There what? Oh. Tagman. Not recommended for human or animal consumption. 1-32-560-WQM-Happy Monday 2-A. I'll tell you, it's clouded up a little bit now and I'm a little depressed. It'll change. You think I'm really depressed? No joke. It's just a joke. In fact, it's a... It's a Bobby 32 degrees already. That's his mostly cloudy. Am I city plus 24? Mostly cloudy and what? Oh, look at that three, which is like 37. Oh, what's wrong with that? And tomorrow, next three days in a row, we got a few showers, a little bit of sunshine and six every day, which is like 40... What is that? 43 Fahrenheit? A heat wave, which will melt all of this nice snow. You ought to see how nice this looks like on a picture postcard. Right? I mean, mostly don't want to be... In the middle of a hunt until it gets dirty. But it isn't going to get dirty because it's all going to wash your way. See, you're trying to make a negative out of something positive, Mr. Typical... that's typical George for you. No wonder he's a turning gay Thursday. Any more of those calls today yet, by the way? No, not yet. Not yet. Well, make sure to call in and let us know to look at that calendar already. Okay, because it's going to be... It better be damn good. And don't forget, the ratings coming out at 2.30 tomorrow, the trends, which we'll have on Wednesday. We're going to examine them. We're going to like over with a microscope with a fine tooth comb. Those trends... I guarantee we can waste at least three hours on Wednesday with that. And then of course, we got that big new to one hour. Sounds like a plan to me, don't it? Sounds great. Here's plantation, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. Good morning, Neil. Good morning, George. Hey. I don't care what the temperature is. I am so jealous that you're up there and we're down here. And if you saw the movie bowling for Columbine, I... I haven't seen him. I haven't seen him. I'm not sure if he was moving to Canada overnight. Right, that's right. It is... You know what the one word I used to describe it civilized? Well, even they haven't seen well, there's so many great scenes. But they had a scene where they were interviewing some teenagers. It looked just like our teenagers. The girl has the blue hair. They have the nose rings and everything. Michael Moore says to them, you know, don't you ever give me any of your friends? Doesn't anybody ever piss you off? You know, they go, yeah, I think it's... But we don't just go out and chew them. What you do? Mmm-hmm. It's just a really funny. But if that movie will scare the hell out of it, anybody. Even if you don't totally agree with Michael Moore and all of it, you know, he's like really anti-war under any circumstances. Look, good for him. But he's got a great interview with Charlton Heston where Charlton has and just gets up and walks. And he's like following out and goes, just look at the picture. Look at the picture. It's about like, it was killed like that. Oh, no, he's so arrogant and dick-larke. You'll hate dick-larke. I'll hate dick. Yeah, he's... You'll see. I don't even know dick-larke was in a movie. What was that? Well, the clerk happened to own these businesses that paid very, very low wages to these welfare to work people. Yeah. And his companies were getting kickbacks from the government. Well, that was the story in Michigan, right? I think it was where the little six-year-old killed a five-year-old. And while there was getting on a bus every day and working two jobs, 70, I've been... They had... they would talk about that when he was on with Donahue. Oh, I missed it, show. You know, because they pre-empted it because of sniper things? Yeah, that was about a month ago. And I missed seeing him on that. Yeah, it was great. Last night in 60 minutes, I wanted to say something else about the people that are stupid out there, not paying attention to the government. The show they had on that, I know you watched 60 minutes. Did you see the whole thing? No, I just saw the part about Bush. Oh, well, yeah, I don't have to explain to anybody. I love that. They had about the insurance companies and how these insurance adjusters are supposed to like deny certain percentage of claims so the company can be more profitable. So they have to go back and certain... You know, claims that are... they don't go by the merit of the claim. And while they're justified, they just keep rejecting it to make more money. And the fact that Bush wants to push all these conservative judges in the court that are so pro-business, pro-currents company, will affect middle-class people. Now you catch them on. But it's true... all these little tiny subtle things that they're doing affects our lives because if we have an insurance claim, what plus the fact that Bush doesn't want us to sue for more than 500,000, if anything should happen to us, you know, our health. Well, these are all the things that the Democrats should have been screaming about before this last election, but because they're all such a bunch of cowards, you know, they're sitting there in a second, aren't they? I'm really, really embarrassed, that no clear voice. And nobody stands up and says, yes, we should do this. Yes, we should do this. We should do this. We need another party. We need a party with balls in this country. We don't have one. You have a standard have to be four parties. Yeah. Well, there's plenty of companies that have that many and more. Because you have to have somebody that's ultra-conservative, somebody that's ultra-liquist, somebody that's, you know, to push the mortage of the center. Well, good luck to you, sweetheart. I'm having a great time right here. Not a penny attention to their politics. No, jealous. I'll be over later. I'll write you name on a wall, eh? Okay. See you, bye-bye. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T of Verizon Wireless Fund. Civilize, not brutal, not murderous, not everybody's got guns. And like I said, there's been an epidemic of shootings here with the certain ethnic groups, which you don't want to say they cut over their skin here lately, but they've had in the black community here. In fact, they had prayer services in the black churches here over the weekend to try to bring some of these people to their senses. Then it turns out there was a guy named Heavy D, and it was, uh, it was an ordered hit from like somewhere down in the US, and a guns are getting shipped in here. And guess what? And this is not controversial. This is just a matter of fact. The more guns there are around, the more people are going to get shot. How do you like that? What a concept. Does it never have a Lucienary? Do you think that's a highly debatable point? No. No. And I don't hear anybody up here screaming in the own about the fact that everybody's never arsenal of weapons. Nobody's, uh, how are you about that? Part of the psychosis of the American mentality, this obsession, this love affair with guns. Let me say it again. The more guns around, the more people get shot and killed. The more kids that pick them up and wind up. Oh, oh. Tommy's dead. Stuff like that. Is there any controversy about that? Nope. But don't you be saying that. Because those gun people come right down on your ass, Mr. Don't mess with it. You f with their first amendment the second, whatever it hell amendment it is. Second. Even though the I know what it is. I know what it is. Don't be correct in me, Mr. Oh, you'll be on a Mosho Thursday. 446 votes on a poll if the 2004 presidential election pits president Bush against Al Gore. I vote for Bush. 160 70 to say that. To which I say. 448 say I vote for Gore to which I say. I blow my brains out 63 to which I say will bring your flowers. I wouldn't vote 36. I leave the country 32. I think I voted for that because, you know, I'm always out of the country. Good idea, man. Excellent idea. 21 till noon. Why tell you one thing this show is flying by here today. I said, I don't know. Isn't it? All the great calls. No, we had a few calls. It's just, it's just the nature of the beast man. It's the market. They're just our lot of good calls out there. And that's why that kind of radio. That's why I had to change the show years ago because that kind of radio. I died that topical. Oh, let's talk about capital punishment. Let's argue about abortion. You know, that crap. When I would nickers. And as a result, we have sports talk now. Sports holes, mindless assholes, arguing about ball games and who's rated number one. Now about the hurt coupons and the pit panthers and about this and about that. But it would be, but it would be a good, but it would be a good. Yeah, it's one thing that would joy sports is nothing to be obsessed by. To be overcome by it. But you know something else that I think about it. Aren't we blessed to be up here in Toronto? I mean, some of us. Even though the Maple Leaf stink and the Raptors stink. And the R goes got their asses kick by. Montreal and the playoffs here in the CFL yesterday. And we're still blessed. I go out on the street and I say to everybody, Are we blessed? They look like only must be an American. The lights of West Vokai, your low carb sugar free actains. That superstores a terrific new selection of low carb cookies. That's right. 14 different cookies from three different bakers and all of them are. D delicious and low in carbohydrates. So if you try to lose weight on icons of any other low carb that, you're going to want to trial these peanut butter chocolate chocolate chip. Lemon coconut and all sugar free low carb. And of course, everything in the store is here to sugar free low carb, which is why the lights is so popular with people who are desperate to lose weight. Especially on the icons die. And don't forget to light you can sample any of their products you can try them before you buy them. Check out the new low carb bread. It's called simply low carb bread. Spread some of that new La Nuba jam on it and you've got a great low carb breakfast. And don't forget as your official atkins.retail center. The lights of West Vokai sells every atkins brand product at 25% off today. Tomorrow next sockets every day of your life. So if you really want to lose that weight, get healthier. These are the people who can help you get on the right road to good health. Open 10 till 10 every day on the corner of blades and 441 in Prestige, Snoody Boka called toll free 1 877 low carb. How's PD Lenny doing by the way? Just fine. Do you see him lightly? This morning. Oh geez. Call 1 8777 low carb 1 877 low carb. We're checking out of the web at low carb.com. And when you go in there, be sure to tell me that PD Lenny sent you by to the lights of West Boka. My life and low all. This is 420560. 221. 221. Yeah. And this is G Gordon Litty and they don't come anywhere else than Neil Rogers. Hello and welcome aboard to ensure your safety. Please listen to the following instructions. Please do not worry about your seat belt. Try tables or seat bags being in their full, upright and locked positions. Instead, we'd appreciate it if you would take a moment to look around the cabin of the other passengers. If anyone looks, shifty, extremely nervous or is praying silently, please bring them to the attention of the flight attendant. Now take a moment to locate the nearest exit. Did the shifty looking praying person look at the exit? If not, please bring them to the attention of the flight attendant. In the event of unexpected turbulence. Huh. He really cares about how anymore. Thank you. I'll enjoy your flight. And thank you so much. And I'll pass on the cash shoes. Lemon 45. Remember that story we're talking about just before the show today. I said we won't have time for that. Yeah. About the double murders. Right? Well, you'll be at the horrendous story. But this is not what the gun this is with the baseball bat. So I guess when people are angry enough when they're unsyvalized and I'll find somebody to kill each other. Miami. This is on a Sun Sentinel website. 17 year old boy with charge this morning with using a baseball bat to beat the death his cousin and girlfriend they police said. Jonathan No. No. Northwest 14th court in Miami with charge with two counts of first degree murder in his being held without bond and a juvenile assessment center. Kill him the Sunday evening attack in a house in the 159 hundred block of southwest 120 second court. We're just in Mariah 19 of southwest 102nd court home and his girlfriend 16 year old Karen Irbina a Kelly and high student who lived in southwest 120 eighth. In west of Gator said no doubt was helping Mariah on a cousin and recent cruel re-fire graduate and Rabina paint inside a house around 6 p.m. When he picked up a bat for some reason to kill Mariah on when Rabina tried to stop him. He also beat her to death police said no reason was given for the murders. Now see to me this is unacceptable. Yeah. You know I'm saying. Yeah. Yeah. It's unacceptable. And yet this goes on every single day. This is the way. I'm not saying it's only in the US but there's sure there's a hell of a lot of it. Maybe the whole country needs a big anger management plan. Maybe that's what it is. We could put it on TV and make it required watching every night. Right. Like you know they talk about that seven eight hours family viewing time or whatever. And I call that maybe between seven and eight after supper. They can strap everybody in and like have anger management. You know I lock up the weapon. Put away the baseball bat and come everybody's ass down a little bit. Maybe make them take it in school or something. Perfect. Here's my any hello. Good meal. Yes sir. How are you sir? Great. How much is there something? Is Georgia? Is Georgia on? Yeah. Or what? He's on drugs. I know Georgia. I'm going to tell you something. You are the man. And I tell you why. I'm a spick like you are. But you have to take it easy. Think it evening. When they fuck with us. You gotta be cool. Okay great. That was actually what is he talking about? I have no idea. He said when they f with us you gotta be cool. You're the man. I'll get a spick. Yeah. So there's our first spick contribution that they which I had to dump because he used the F for it. Okay. Five six seven. He sounded like one of the chronic. It sounded like a word for me to voice to me. And you're going to hear it too. Five six seven. Five six. Five six. The pound five six. The honor. Where the hell is this show going to today man? We got like it's almost noon already? I'm not complaining. You understand right? Maybe it's because I feel like alive. You know I was saying that to somebody over the weekend on the phone. I was talking to some poor slob that's been down there. I guess it was my mother. And about the fact that you're feeling when you're in this kind of weather. You feel more alive. Oh, sure. You gotta put on the lecture layer of clothing. We're heavy coat when you go out. But you feel like you're alive. It's invigorating. It's right. When you're in that heat you feel like you want to roll into a corner like you just ate a gigantic buffet. And you want to roll over to the corner in a hybrid and like a bear for about a week. You know, you have no energy. But it's invigorating. And you go out into the mess. I grant you. They're going to be some days when you're going to say Jesus Christ. We're freezing our ass off here. Then that's coming. But you know, it's just the way it is. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty. And don't you be effin' with that guy that just called either whatever you just said. Don't be effin' with that spick. Okay. Now see, I would have loved to find out what tell he was talking about. But wasn't really up. You nailed it. He was in coherent. I wasn't really wearing the camera because I was in the second time. Right. Here's Miramar. Hello. How you doing, sir? Do you want 60 minutes last night? Yes. I don't know if you noticed that Andy Roney on his desk. He had a very cocoa Bobber head doll. Did he really? I didn't see Andy Roney. The eyebrow was getting away in my enjoyment. That's true. I have a good one now. Okay. I'm a cocoa band. You know something you might just have had it too for all we know. Neither much so I'm doing it on tape though. There's the good news for us. So I taped it. Now what tell was I watched? No that's right. It started late again because the football and I was getting ready to watch the. I was watching a little bit of hockey or something that was getting ready to watch the Patriots lose the open last night. So I watched part of the tape. But I got it and tape. I'm going to go in here watching Andy Roney right now as a matter of fact. I'd be like that. And also the segment about the insurance suburboffs. My George finishes the show because one of that guy say Spitz of a feather got a stick together. Something like that. Well, I know what he was talking about. He was talking about it just dawned on me. The calls about the Haitians and about the little dry. That was his response to it, which wasn't very coherent. You're right. I guess that was the best he could do. Here's Boca. Hello. I know how I did it. Okay. Great. I heard that word. That's unbelievable. Yeah. Well, that's because you run hold. See, that's a benefit of being on hold. Well, we wouldn't have so beneficial actually. But what did ask you? You probably never read sports illustrated, right? Are you going to tell me the story about Toronto and how everybody hates the Atari police? Yeah. Yeah. You did read it, huh? No, I don't read it. But they've been talking about that up here because I guess the team is so bad with my svel talk about that story. Well, you know what that reminds me of. It reminds me of back during the Olympics when Wayne Gritzky was crying and whining about. Oh, everybody hates Canada. They're all guesses. And I kept saying nobody in the world gives a crap about Canada. Canada can't as bad as benign as you can get, you know, nobody gives it one way or the other. And the same as two of the main beliefs. In fact, we're the least played in Buffalo on Friday night. Actually, one of the game, which is rare, there were more Toronto fans in the stands than there were Buffalo fans. And that's that's the truth. Well, there are no Buffalo fans. Right. That's right. That place is empty. But I think the gist of the article was the preferential treatment that they get from like the referees. I don't buy that. I don't buy that. Yeah. Don Cherry, you know, it's all maple leaves all the time and can I guess? Well, that's because the leaves are the most popular team in Canada. What can I tell you? Even though they stink and they got all these stiffs on there, like Tom Fitzgerald and Jonas Ogre and Robert Reichel and a jerky jerky little may. They got a team full of stiff Trevor kid. I mean, who are they kidding? You know, I know they they are bad, but they were saying that the league is jealous of their relative success in the last 10 years. Even though they haven't come close to winning the cup. Yeah. You haven't won it in like almost 40 years. 35 years. Right. So who knows about them? And actually, if I hadn't read that article, I would never have known that anyone hated the Toronto maple leaf. Well, that's for silestrating. Exactly. You'll give some crap. Right. Why would they write an article about that? Write something, you know, about a team doing well or no worthy. Yeah. But not naturally a stupid article like that. Well, I'm going to put on my maple leaf jacket. And that was a former protest. I like that. Go take a few slap shots. New on score. Hey, listen, I could they could sign me up. Good luck to you, pal. Go leave school. What do you say? No. They stink. They stink in pet quincees. Well, I'm paper. We're pretty good. No, you're not patting your stink on paper on the ice on on a plane. You stink on a bus. They beat Buffalo. A girls team on Friday. What do you do, man? Let's get real excited about that. Not stiff too many steps in a panther. They get a point here at a point there. And they get bomb by San Jose. And there's nobody there. And of course, this time, he excused the weather. I guess the weather, sir. Did that was really bad. There was inclement. Hello. Yeah. See, George is not in off again. I talked for this guy. One minute hockey in this guy. You're just as bad as mo. And I don't want to talk about hockey. I am done talking about hockey. That was a whole week's quarter right there. It was really about a horn or something. Yeah. I should have liked that. Hey, Robert. Are we talking about the weather down there in a reason that nobody was at the game, even what's in 16,000, some plus at the office deep on Macca arena yet to center. Not talking about the weather. That's still talking about the game. Well, big deal. And there's another con. Oh, we're going to spend all that money that we saved that 10 million dollars from Pavel Burr. The same thing happened here. They gooseed up the prices on the seats here. You got a mortgage. You're house to be able to buy tickets to a maple leave game here. The prices are ridiculous. And they keep raising the prices. Well, we did that money for free agency. Did they sign anybody of any significance? Oh, they stink. Because they just keep sticking it and sticking it and sticking it and sticking it and sticking it and sticking it and sticking it and sticking it. Oh, look at that. There's that Celine Dion. Oh, my God. I can't let people. This is disgusting. She makes me nauseous. She's Canadian. We're not too proud of it. Millet French five six seven. Five, six seven, five, sixty pound five, sixty. We're starting to get some good hockey talk now. It's funny that he called that. It was a pretty good call. You know, you didn't like it. Because I was thinking last night, I don't know what, what maybe think about it. How they held it? I ever survived those hockey shows seriously. Maybe it was a great. Remember? No, get out of here. How did I ever survive those shows? You can't talk about hockey in South Florida. If I talk about, if I talk about muttables in Afghanistan, I mean, what are we talking about here? You know, and I'm still on the air. One of the great miracles of all time. I'm not sure which is the bigger accomplishments surviving mature. Sure, sir. I'm sorry, remember. I'm all about my happy anniversary to the rumors. Senator with their 27th wedding anniversary in Feral. Boy, she's got to be the best to put up with that. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, no. Just come to know, remember, and I both have the same philosophy. Now we talked over the weekend, which I'm sure surprises you. No. And we both came to this philosophy, okay? So how would just take the money to the bank? Okay? Screw worrying about this one and about that one. And that's my philosophy now. I don't care. If the numbers come out tomorrow, we have a one-sheree. You know what? I don't care. I really mean that. I just don't care anymore. You're going to get paid no matter what. I get paid regardless. I've nothing left to prove any more at this stage of my life. And what's the point? What's the point? I'll whip up to her frenzy. This one did this. And I'm okay. Just give me the money. All right. I've already made you millions of dollars. Just keep giving me the goddamn money. That's all. That's it. We get a one-sheree. Too bad. Thanks for all the promotion by the way. I still say, Greg, we deserve whatever things that happen. So that's what that station needs to deserve it. Because they lie and they lie and they lie and they lie. That's especially lying is their middle name. Oh, we're going to put up billboards. We're going to do this. They even put it in writing. Does it mean anything? It doesn't mean squat. Even Mo is going to discover that. Maybe he already has all this promotion. They're going to do for it. And they're going to do this. And they're going to do that. They're going to spend like crazy. Yeah, they have meetings even when they're lawyer. When they're jewelry. And they sit down. They look you right in the face and they lie and they lie. And they can't stop lying. So like I say, just give me the money. Okay, I don't give a crap what you do. Just give me the freaking money. Just like Carlos, that's his attitude. And they listen to me. Yeah, just give me that big check, baby. Just swing that 25 bucks in my direction. So we're going to over here. 473 votes on a poll. Pretty heavy duty. They have the 2004 presidential election. Pits president, Bush against Al Gore. I vote for Bush 178 37.6%. I vote for Gore 155. 32.7%. I blow my brains out. 68. So that 14%. Good way to decrease the surplus population. I wouldn't vote 38. And I leave the country 34. Say to be on a plane to somewhere. Let them 50. 75. 60 WQM. The holidays are coming. Baby, make no mistake about it. Those guests are going to be invading your home. You don't want to look like a slob. Like I do. You want to make sure your house looks really neat and nifty and clean. Even if it usually isn't, dry concepts will like to help your accomplish that. By coming and making your carpets look just like brand new and your furniture, whatever else as well you're drapery. Check out their website dryconcept.com and again information on all the amazing things they do for you. I've been using them in my home for over 20 years. All my picky relatives used them. George E. Ever using? Yes. The rumors use them. I like that. And even pay for it too, which is pretty amazing. So call up dry concepts and have them clean your carpets. You know, something that old Neo was right. These people are the best in the universe. They give you a written guarantee job. They start the job and then they suck out the deep down dirt and fibers your carpet, which make some look just like brand new. They smell them and they fresh the dry and a couple of hours and you'll say, what a miracle on my floor. They also do a stupidish job cleaning your furniture and drapery spiked on. Fiverr protection. Carpet repair is drapery cleaning like I said in Pendory and Rock Service. The authorization if you should never have a flood. Complete water damage restoration too. Nobody does it better or to more reasonable price to dry concepts. Calm tool free in data or Palm Beach. 1-800 or Broward. 1-800-2-4-85071. 1-800-2-4-85071. Clean today entertainment. Not just an advertising slogan, but it's really their business and dry concepts. And my life and love. This is 4-3-0-56. 1-800-4-85071. It's all me, Mr. Boots. And I've visited in there to dwell water now. This is the former bus president of the United States, Al Gore. Good morning. Come on, sublensay. Mingdaying day, Jingau-bu. Well, I've currently blamed up to 287.5 pounds. Though I should say that doesn't include the weight of my blue butterfly under Guirthong Panty. This somewhat depressed and thickened by my personal parents, I tried on. My voice needs to be heard. I'm currently negotiating with professional skateboarder Tony Hawk to be the voice of his skateboard in a soon-to-be-release motion picture. It's between me and Phil Stiller right now. I've also, excuse me, I've also been asked to throw myself into a dumpster, filled rotten eggs, razor blades, pensive sheets, by Johnny Knoxville and the Jack-Aps people. I'm considering the stunt. Though we are still quite always a part on financial remuneration. Mingta, let me restake my position on the current set of a faireth in our nation. I believe we are this close from falling off a face of the earth, which is not round. Contrary to popular belief. If you walk near the ocean in Florida, you can actually see the end of the earth. I have been there, I have done it. Until you have, don't say I'm crazy. The same dispersing remarks were made about some of our nation's greatest thinkers. I can see my time has almost a last, so let me say I have a very busy day planned. I'm off to disemerly Christmas shopping with Wannona Ryder, who is asked that I wear a coat six sizes too large for my person. She is obviously concerned about my core body temperature. Sweet delicate flower that she is. Blan, it's off to the overreaters of anonymous meeting at the meat and tree here in Nashville. My night will be rounded off beautifully, as a hot-by-home. Make a quick change into my feety pajamas, begin to sip a bottle from James Weinspritzer, and settle into my teenage mutant Ninja Turtles chair, and let's go watch reruns of ballots on the Pax TV network. Please stay tuned for further important issue updates on this station, from me, for a more vast press than that, I go. Thank you. I sure hope you didn't give up that my start lemonade, you know? 1203-56D, WDQ, and maybe give it all away to those cool miners. We got 489 votes, getting pretty tight. Although I think after playing that, he may drop back in the air, are we here again? 560-5060, it's speaking of guns. A little Texas high school activity there on Friday, do you see the story? No. In-scorey Texas? Look, a shotgun wielding man threatened to roll East Texas high school Friday morning, until students in a teacher wrestled under the ground authority said. The 18-year-old man, a former student at Scray Rosser High School, went to the school office in order to student send the cafeteria principal Richard Sneed said, Oh, the man began, why? I said, oh, that story. That story. The man began pouring gasoline on the floor and students then helped subdule authority. Said he didn't say a word, didn't really look at anybody. Said Courtney Robertson, a junior at the high school, everybody was crying. It was horrible. We thought we were all gonna die. Robertson said the principal in the teacher slowly walked up to the man and grabbed the gun. Then wrestled under the floor. I shoved the barrel up toward the air, Sneed said, I thought it was gonna say I shoved the barrel up his back door. It didn't say that, the up toward the air. I got it around his neck so I could hold him in a couple of football players and teachers came up and got the weapon security never said a word. No injuries or gunfire reported were classes were canceled for today. Compton County Sheriff David Burns said the man was in custody likely be charged with an array of offenses, including aggravated as solubinitly weapon. Sneed said the man claimed to have planted bombs in the area in that police were sweeping schools looking for evidence of explosive the school about 30 miles south west of Dallas and rolls about 20 and 20 students. How do you like them apples? Speaking of students, gay students and crossed wrestlers face resistance. What you never expected in Tampa would you know? I mean what what that was wrong with Tampa? Milton High School Junior Antonio low low Williams got sent home twice after he wore a skirt to school. Talk about carrying something a little bit too far you think? Especially in Tampa wasn't even a kill-tall bet. School of Fissionhide didn't get killed. Just beat up, maimed. School officials said the boys at Tar Violated the Dresco by creating a distraction for other students. Even though they said teens are allowed to wear the opposite gender clothing of a dozen disrupt learning. But the 17 year old student who said he is asexual calls the kind of like Robert Creeper said he's asexual calls the school stance. What he laughed in about. Isn't he the most asexual creature you've ever seen in your life? Can you imagine who the penis? What I think what I see him I don't think of asexual anything. That's what I'm saying. I mean he's just like neuter. The 17 year old student who said he's asexual called the school stance discriminatory. I'm ready to disappoint in the school system said where he was mother Carmella. They're failing to let my child get an education all because of a Dresco. Or maybe because of a Dresco. The Middleton flap shows that the lemma that schools can face is they grapple to how best serve gay students and those who deal with gender identity issues. For the most part it was not an issue in schools ten or twenty years ago and many gay students didn't wear their sexual orientation on their sleeves or dresses. And before legal concerns were raised. See some outcome of old fashion. But I just can't imagine somebody wearing a dress to school a guy anyway and not expecting you a little bit of a hassle. Right. I mean if you wear a funny hat if you wear the wrong t-shirt you get hat. Right. When I first became an educator was ignored said Harry Brown, Palma Harbor University High School Assist and Principal. It didn't exist it was taboo. Then came students as successfully sued their school showing school districts they could be completely responsible for fighting to protect homosexual students from harassment. School systems nationwide have shut out millions for lawsuits. Some school districts like Pini Esk County, Penal Esk County provide specific protection for gay and lesbian students from student on student harassment. Hillsborough County added sexual orientation to his policy this year. Yet gay advocacy groups say how much protection supports students receive a raise widely from school to school. As tap a present of parents family and friends of lesbians and gay is Jane Bulls said schools are not doing enough for gay teenagers. Students at a high risk are dropping out in committing suicide according national studies. Five years ago Bulls received a call from a tantastoon to one of the start of club for gay teens at her school. The girl who wore a rainbow ribbon on her blouse as she gathered signatures supporting the club's formation was told by school officials that what she was doing was wrong and immoral Bulls recalled preferring not to name the school they likened the rainbow to the Nazi flags she said. It took two years but finally the girl was allowed to organize a gay straight alliance club at her high school just before she graduated. The club drew 75 students at its first meeting. Bulls said people would be shocked by the frequency that gay and lesbian slurs are used in schools. Any teacher administrator would not allow students to use racial slur but they frequently turn her back on gay and lesbian slurs bulls said, how true that is. David Katelyn all boy. Our recent rise to find his name in the middle of this mess. The anxious David Katelyn executive director the Florida Family Association the FFA. I agree that schools have an obligation to provide a safe environment for all students but saying it's okay for boys to wear skirts to school is going too far. He said the focus should be on studying Katelyn said not focused on him and what he's wearing. Many schools have clubs and support groups for gay students to include Tampa Bay Tech, Plant and Bicke schools in Hillsborough. Senior Allison Sherwood. School said schools have a legal as well as a more responsibility to make sure kids feel safe. If our youth are not feeling safer if they're being threatened to harass them, I can learn said loophole. Originally spoke about 75 Hillsborough middle and high school guidance counselors and our schools are about learning he said, learning. We need to be learning and better don't you think? A little more tolerance a little more sanity. Yeah, I got a great story after the break that's going to send you an orbit again. Oh, you might like it. J. Low linked to cult of animal killers. A cult? Yeah, so you're right. I would like that. Yeah, it's in the globe. And here's one you'll go an ape Schmidt over. Maybe she's the chupacabra. She could be. Although I don't think the chupacabra's got that big of an ass. He's a real-life wealthy soprano's wise guy talks. So, soprano started Joe Pantoliano. He's dead. He's dead? He is not. Well, not the actor. Oh, no, okay. He's dead. I'm going to show what you stop interrupting God demo with a bunch of my meaningless crappy dead baby. Abba even is dead, by the way. Who? Abba even? Even, oh, isn't it? So you don't know who that was. No, he was his ready. There's a member. Even? No. The greatest, really, diplomat. The great former Prime Minister about 100 years ago. The man who spoke very distinguished Abba even with those dark black glasses. You better get with it, Mr. because you don't know your moderate Israelis. I guess because they weren't any lift. Oh, and by the way, speaking of that. Yeah. Oh, man. It's enough to talk about Vibi brains. If this netting young who wins this solution coming up, man, all bets are off there. And all over. Oh, brother. Not these are taken over everywhere. In fact, I think that young who wants to call the entire Middle East is going to be the new West Bank. That's where all the new settlements are going to Israel everywhere. Yeah. Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Sri Rhan, Iraq, Afghanistan, Syria, Pakistan, Pakistan, Afghanistan, China, America, Siberia. And don't forget Hawaii. The palm trees here. And even. Providence. That's known. At five, 60, WQAM. Oh, man. You got to have a few laughs because the world is full of crazy people. Millithent crazy hard asses. That's what it's all about. Except up here where everybody's very mellow. See, when you're biggest thing is hockey and curling. You know, I mean, how evil can you be? All we know, man, is good for you. Only a bit Mediterranean, former the speaking of the Middle East, Mediterranean, former advanced comedians because in the Mediterranean, they've known for centuries that all of oil was great for your health. And that's why these are combinations of pharmaceutical grade all of oil. The finest you'll find anywhere combined with vitamins, minerals, minerals, and aerables and other nutrients. Each compaction is designed specifically to help provide benefits for your health. For example, there's one to help lower cholesterol, what to help your heart, etc. Look for all your meds, three new formulas. They have one to help you sleep, one to help you control your weight and co-q, ten, speak into your heart, which is one of the best supplements you can take in your life. All using the benefits of the purest olive oil, like I said. All you meds are great. You're proud of good for your health. Pick some up today. Publics or records or wall greens. Be sure you watch which all greens you go into. Okay. All greens. For more information call Oliometh Tool 3 at 1-866-Oliometh. That's 1-866-665363. You also order their products online if you like. At OliomethAmerica.com. And if you visit your nearest publishing by an Oliometh product in databroward, you can get you a coupon for a free Larry Coker Vablehead doll I'll supplies last. Get in there, get yours before any runny gets it. And don't forget to visit their sampling program at Sports Center, every Sunday with the offensive plan to home. Those dolphins have won one and a row. Pick up three Oliometh samples and product information and start feeling healthy again with Oliometh. My name is local, this is my secret, the re-uvaluate. QEEM. Nunka, HS and Popel, in and totally, Pokesadupi. Very clean right. I'm the light bulb. Back in the day when someone done us wrong. We didn't take their crap. In Pearl Harbor, when the gems dropped their bombs. We found them bad. And now the sun is, they hit us hard. And on our cards are little flat wings. At that song in London, re-tired voice of bombers, the wrong way. Ours and other bombers to be in America. Where they find locals like cheese. The United States of arrogance. And by Bush and its families re-leagered this country. Fuck up! Abolant voice of our mistakes and our history. I don't want to be a packs of marron. Think they got a damn view at a time. What's a few thousand innocent lives? Stop living in the mess. If you want that SUV to drive, you're gonna need more gas. It's the greatest country in the world. They train us too, believe. And anyone who says that, obviously. And afford to be. First, a thousand barrels to be in America. Where we've paid three hours, please. Wave a flag and win haste with our head in the sand. And rightly follow the powers that he had but said to. Fuck up watching state for you. Who's on a 65th and sweet? Sweat your balls and pie and everything's okay. And the goddamn USA. No less marron. Baby, not a couple missiles. Torn place we know. And name a matter of fill. Who's first name begins with, oh. There's one thing we all understand. How about it won't be finished until we blow up pack of stains. Okay. We could chase him round forever. With our tanks and all our troops, But special forces are so tired of coming through with ambush. You know we need another airplane. So let's cut out all the nonsense. And we'll blow up pack of stains. Oh. How clean and easy nuclear tank. Why don't he stop with seafood and go blow up. The pack is staying. I was inspired to go back to where he was sent. Boom, boom. I was inspired because of the fruit feds. Get them. But we don't do that. You know, we never even talk about these Saudis or about the Pakistanis. About the who shot, Moshear or about the evil. Because, 1221, you're going to love this story. This is right up your alley. Carlos might even get a little chuckle out of it too. He might give a little like Kackle. Christina Sizzling Gai rom. Here's a picture. Now this is in the globe. In fact, you've got to get this number 26 globe. There's just too much interfered. Page 22. It's ladies only as pop-tark gets dirty in strip club. That's dirty with two hours. Dirty in strip club. And here she is with a, he's got a thing. A whip. Oh. What do you call those whips that have like a ring in the end of them? And don't tell me what kind of ring. No, you know those. What's up talking about? I'm trying to picture it. Well, anyway. You know what? I'm telling you, get the picture. And here she is. This mouse he looked at thing was all about two foot aid. He comes up to your ankle, I think. And like like a mouse. And there are people out there oohing about her. I don't get it. There's just something between her and the other one. It was never can't figure again. Holy Ripper. Kelly Ripper. You've actually seen her on Regis and still you think that? Yes. I've seen her on Regis. And we love it. And here's the good news. Yeah. I don't know why I'm doing some of these tabloids to race today. Why are you doing? I didn't realize it because usually I'd say them for Tuesday. I've got so many. I'll never get to like even 10% of them today. So I got plenty for tomorrow. Here it is. Kelly Ripper's secret. She is nasty. Look at man. I'm talking about that picture of them. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, not that picture. There's a whole series of pictures. There's one, two, three, four, five. She is you gleam. And she is you gleam. But anyway. I mean, it twitches on. If you like her, great. Have a good time with her. All right. All right. How far up on it? Oh, you mean there. Just make sure you don't get any on regis. I'm just going to push her outie back in there. Christina's sizzling gay romp. What a dirty girl it says with four hours. Sexed up songbird Christina Aguilar, a coulouse on the ladies and only butt grabbing, boom fondling, hit grinding romp. That has friends wondering if the latina spitfires a lesbian. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. It's all anybody wants to talk about now. Says the music and said, isn't that all we want to talk about in the show? Oh, yeah. Is that little molly thing? Really a night? Christina obviously does mind being seen in public, fondling other women's breasts. In fact, maybe OJ could get her to fuddle a Christie's breasts. I get people asking me all the time as Christina is lesbian. It's the question of the hour. So does music and cider. They claim one you will pot tart. Who's new album stripped features the hit song dirty. I haven't heard that. Have you heard it? Oh, that's the one where she said that you got all the ryan. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no. She's a mouse. A rat. Her hit song dirty raised eyebrows and temperatures by getting kinky with busty babes at a couple of New York City strip joints. Agulera started her naughty same sex annex at a skin cub called fly stances, dropping a $1000 on champagne and dozens of latinces for a self and her friends. Christina was having the time of her life and I wouldn't still love. She was acting like a kidnen amusement park who couldn't get enough of the rides. She'd get one sexy strip or straddle across her life and place her hands on their hips. While they jarrated on top of her and before the stripper was even finished, she was motioning for another one to come over. Sounds like somebody in the Tampa. What? Remember that? Yep. How could we forget? What was the name of that place? Marns Venus. No, no, no, this was the place across from the hotel we stayed at. Yeah. Marns Venus is on tail, maybra. This was right by hotel where Randy do her anyway. It says, but that was just a warm up. Agulera threw herself into the action when she visited the big apples famed. Topless bars scores the following week. Christina came in with this big group six girlfriends a couple of guys and a bodyguard said And I witness in the VIP room she pushed herself on a couch and the club's hottest chicks filed And one by one to entertain her. She was screaming and letting out wolf whistles as the girl stripped in front of her. Agulera kicked it in the high gear when and on her presence the DJ spun her new song Durradi who's out of rage as video features the cheeky singer and butt-faring Chaffs. She jumped on the couch with two strippers and started dancing to her song So the eyewitness Christina went nuts over one of them wrapping her arms around the girls Wasted grinding her hips into her. When the song was over Christina wouldn't let the woman leave she told her you have a Great set of boobs and started fondling them. Then the stripper began rubbing Christina's breast. It was a major touchy feeling session. She stayed for hours her friends parked her head a drag her away. All right. It was just last year that Agulera was left reading when her three year romance With dancer George Santos ended. Oh yeah, we remember that one. I want to be a dancer. Yeah, now a pal says I think she's just exploring her sexuality and zeroing in on girls. She has that a date with a guy in months. And the music and side are ads. Only time will tell whether she's a died in the wool lesbian. Whether she's just experimenting right now. The big money's on Christina's sting and the all girls club. She likes it too much. Oh, how do you like that? We'll good for her. Can you help? So there's a long list along with the people on the suspect. Not that it makes any difference. But we like to gossip about this stuff because it's just natural. The bigger the start, what we like to gossip about there. They're doing this one and they're doing that one. And is it J. Low? Is it P. Diddy? P. Diddy. And I got another Christina Agulera. What shall say for tomorrow? But her and M. and M. That's out. That's done. He said, get lost bitch and you can't sing for a Schmidt. And by the way, what's that one big round thing in the middle of your chest? And Louise said, hey, ask the cameo fetus. Meet us. Get lost. Bitch. A second time. Can you believe she went running back to him again? Yeah, I can believe that. I guess she catches on real slow Christina or maybe this is all just a big put on. You know, maybe she's really. 26 past noon at 5.60 WQM. There's never been a better or smarter time to buy a new home or refinance or existing home. Then right now, here the S. How about this amazingly unbeatable or rate of only 3.95%. That's right. The financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95% if you just give them a call and 1.894.0 L.E. N.D. That's 1.894.053. The money you're going to save is positively. Oh, could I take a bite? Think about it. You can get a $100,000 loan for $250,000 or $200,000 or $200,000 loan for only $250,000. The process is simple. You're going to save yourself a crapload of cash each year. So call our good buddies at financial groups say high-palley at 1.894.0 LIM. There's never been a better time to get to a low interest rate. So call financial group when you be on a way to big fat savings. Financial group is an equal housing lender. Credit restrictions do apply and rates of subterdechane. So call them now toll-free. 1.894.0 L.E. N.D. That's 1.894.053. That's 1.894.053. We're supposed to be in 5.60%. 2.A.M. Feshfield, Lesbian. Tired of the same old restaurants. Try the cafeteria, center-rear of Hylia. How much is that doggy on the menu? The one with the barbecue tail? How much is that doggy on the menu? I'm sure that the chefs out of jail. That's right. No matter what the weather's like outside, it's always raining cats and dogs at the cafeteria, San Taria of Hylia. We'll make your stomach stop growling and make your neighbors pit bulls stop doing the same thing. Talk about delicious. Your meal is always fresh. We can let right on the premises. For a heavenly meal at a sacrifice price, it's the cafeteria, San Taria. Try it once. You'll eat there religiously. How much is that doggy on the menu? The one that is fried in deep fats? Please bring me that doggy on the menu. And bring aside order of cats. Walk, run, or catch a greyhound for the cafeteria, San Taria of Hylia. Where we give new meetings to the word. That food. About 32 or 5.60 WCM have an heard-end along the way. The great lead into this jail-o-story. And this is also a big blow. What a great issue of the globe. They went nuts this week. This way, another month, you're able to see this. I can't wait. J.Lo linked to cult of animal killers before that. Here's an update on the pool of 1306 votes. If the 2000 presidential election pits President Bush against Al Gore, I vote for Bush 194. Al Gore, 179, it's getting tight, baby. 36.1% to 33.3. I blow my brains out. 7070 is said that. I wouldn't vote 44. I'd leave the country 42. It's tight. And also in this regard, the bottom of the, you know, how they sometimes have like a sub-story, right? Like a sidebar. The secrets of Santa Rea revealed. I think I'm going to read that first. Santa Rea, a blend of Catholic and way to the here where the first the church of Santa Rea wasn't the US on. Where do you think Miami? More specific. Little Havana? More specific. What did I just get to a plan there? Oh, hi, Leah. Yeah. There you go. You see, we don't make things up on this show, man. When we talk about the crap, it's crap. Believe me. Like most of your calls. Santa Rea blend. And it was how we did, no, don't answer any more calls, by the way, Carlos. You notice we got in just enough calls today. I think we're finally. It might take us another hundred years. But we're finding the, we're tweaking it. We're twisted it. You see what I'm saying? Right. We got in just enough to pacify that they are phone call demanders. We didn't have anybody explaining what it is that they like about the calls so much. But nevertheless, where we did deny them what they want. You know? But now comes the heavy stuff. Santa Rea blend of Catholic and African spirituality born in the Caribbean. It's practiced by more than 150,000 people in the Westmore than a minute around the world. Priest conjures spirits, heal with magical potions and cast good and evil spells. But the most controversial ritual is animal sacrifice using the blood of chickens, goats, pigeons, doves and turtles in their ceremonies. The first Santa Rea church established in the US was the, wait to hear the name of it too. The church of La Cumi, Bobbalu, IA and Hayen. They were the name of the name. They were the name of the name. They were the news. Is that where you're as a go? I've heard that Bobbalu church. How could you forget that name? The church, or La Cumi, Bobbalu, IA and Hayen, Bobbalu, Bobbalu, IA. And that's got to go on. And they got to go on. No, no, no. Now you know where that comes from. Oh, I had no idea before. I thought it was a dizzy or an esting. Oh, yeah. Well, it's for an African song, obviously. Bobbalu. That's an African word. I'm a conglomerate. Boy, I finally found a topic that you guys know something about. Yeah, does he earn as thin animals? The religions use of animal sacrifice became the focal part of a Supreme Court case versus the city of Hayalia by unanimous decision members won the right to sacrifice animals as a former religious expression under the first amendment to the US Constitutional. And animal sacrifice, how we worship God, and it took Ricardo co-founder of the Church of La Cumi, Bobbalu, IA, to close the globe. It's how we come to him with our troubles and seek his guidance. It's how we nourish our souls, animal sacrifice will always be part of Santa Rea. Will have a lot of change. Santa Rea has a mystical magic side to it. Some people use it to place curses on other people. Oh, someone while first in Santa Rea would dark intentions can do great harm to another. Jennifer Lopez has fallen down to the skull of a cult that is known for using animal sacrifices part of their rights, say sources. The lovely Latina participates in some of the cult rituals where as blessed terms and turns to ways to vingue like LA women named Merleican Zollas for important life decisions inside her say. Now you do understand what this is all about. Yes, she's using Santa Rea to help her recovering alcoholic fiance bins down the way event. Ah, like, mmm. Jennifer doesn't make a move without consulting with her godmother, Merlei, who Davils in bizarre Santa Rea practices and cast magic spells on Jen's behalf. Lopez family and Santa Rea will exclusively with the globe. The globe just jam packed with crap this week. Everything from, uh, Christy Prodee's boobs to, uh, you name it. Everything from the movie rolls she accepts to her wedding day would Ben Affleck is carefully mulled over by Merlei, who influences many aspects of Jennifer's life. I wonder if she has anything to do with her. Welcome! Lopez rush to get her gurus advice about Ben Affleck for each other while filming the movie GIGLY. Merlei wanted to be careful that Ben would likely astray and would hurt her if she didn't keep a close eye on and said the source and watch out for Matt Damon to I think. Jennifer asked Merlei for a binding spell to keep Ben with her forever after getting to know Ben Merlei gave her the thumbs up. It doesn't say where. Nice. According to insider Jailo's mother Loupé's not happy about her daughters involved in the religion, and the friction is coming at a bad time because Jailo 32 and Ben 30 gets along fine with Loupé have officially announced their engagement. Maybe they ought to check with Pilar from Parisians about this. The religion is causing major tension between Janet Hermance's the source Loupé is a devout cataclyc and wants to end a scare clear from Saturi and Merlei. But sources say that Jailo was not likely to give up her flirtation with Centauria, a frequent visitor to Miami now home town or there, Loupé's engaged in the religion's rituals and floor to say insider's. According to another source friends who visited her and Miami noticed what looked like blood stains, Burm marks and candle drippings on the carpet. One member of her family told us that she and Jailo practice Centauria as a insider she claimed that a well-known Miami practitioner named Brosalita did private ceremonies for them. I looked into the religion found that some of its members perform animal sacrifices and put hexes on people. Jailo plays herself off as this little Catholic girl Jenny from the block, but how does she explain participating in this strange religion? Born in the Caribbean, Centauria is a blending of Catholic and African spirituality, some of the more controversial Centauria which was include animal sacrifice, killing chickens, goats, pigeons, doves and turtles, and connection with major life events such as birth weddings and deaths. Centauria priests also conjure spirits, he'll have magical potions and cats good and bad spells. I believe Centauria can be considered a satanic cult because they worship the underside of the spirit world Satan's demons and so on, noted San Francisco cult expert Dr. Margaret Singer telling the globe. I've seen people literally starving that giving up everything to be part of this cult. In Saita say Puerto Rican born Merele, 51 is associated with an LA Botanica, a gift shop that sells Centauria artifacts. She's been guiding Jailo's phonetic fantastic showbiz rise for the past few years. Fonatic, during each of the last four movies that Jennifer made Mereleud was a near constant visitor on a set, and she upto Gen's nerves with special herbs and remedies said the insider. Another Centauria remedy Mereleud taught Gen a surefire way to fight in Somnia. Gen had trouble sleeping. Every while reveals the insider, similarly instructor to get a huge pot and boil the petals of a dozen of my roses with ground nutmeg, and specially blessed sea salts. When the pot is at a full boil, roll it up and smoke it. Now when the pot is at a full boil, Jennifer pours half the mixture into a hot bath and baths in it. After her bath when the remaining mystery is cooled down, Jennifer pours it over her head in the tub, wrens it and then gets the best night sleep she's ever had she swears by it. And Gen talked recovery alcoholic Ben and taking air which will us to Xadrria bath too. And first he didn't want to do it, but he felt like him or he didn't and Mereleud reveals the source. He wore his box of shorts and Mereleud gave me purifying bath and fused with magical lovers and secret ingredients meant to contribute to his continued sobriety. Gen was thrilled that he was so open minded about doing it. Jailo was known Gonzales since he was a teen according to Insiders, but in recent years the pop diva has turned from a Xadrria skeptic into a believer thanks to Mereleud. It all started as a goof as a source gem we get cooled and take one of Mereleud's herbal tears and feel great. Mereleud was able to predict things for Gen and provide her with a flawless career advice she started to believe. In fact Jailo's Pasadir restaurant Mereleud, or a madram, sir, where Mereleud's husband Rolando 52's a popular chef, is named for her spiritual godmother and not her own mom Lupay Clemen-Siders. Now Jailo is a top customer at the LA Botanica buying good luck talismans like alligator teeth one around her neck and asking Mereleud to cast love and career spells in her reader future. But she draws the line with a sight of blood. Gen's fully aware that part of Sateri includes animal sacrifice by slitting the throats of the pencils and Mereleud said the source, but she doesn't want to hear about it or see it for herself. Once you attend a one of Mereleud's Friday night gatherings a spiritual get together, where devotees conjures spirits, cast bells and speak in tongues, they speak in tongues, and that really freaked her out for an actually perversing Mereleud privately. One on one, like we Robbie Benson see that movie one on one. There we go Robbie Benson is doing Jailo or something like that and he's still Jewish and he's still looks like he's 15 years old. He's still alive? Yeah. Why wouldn't he be? Yeah, a bad heart attack, and she made me had all kinds of health problems Robbie Benson. I think you put a hex on him. I forgot when you found out his grandpa was the first Rabbi in Texas. 555 votes for that 2004 presidential deal. I vote for Bush I ideate. I vote for Gore I'm 88. I blow my brains out 80. I wouldn't vote 45. I'd leave the country 41. Well pack your salami sandwich. Thanksgiving everybody's going to be flock any house to everybody's home so they can be together again for the holidays. Gather around the table with delicious homemade food and family traditions. After all it's not the turkey that makes the meal special. It's the people. Getting ready for the hungry guests can be stressful especially if they're staying overnight. If you're having a hospital for Thanksgiving, let Dalamac just make your holiday preparations a little bit easier. Now's the time to call 100 mattress and get that new mattress in before the house gets get there. If everybody told you that they're coming right in here from then till the night before, no sweat. Because Dalamac can deliver right to your door or top quality ceiling, service to the king girl mattress. The very same day they take away the crappy old bedding they set up the brand new one. I've been sleeping on a dial mattress for years and look what it did for me. Carl Dalamac is right now at toll free at 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATT-T-RES and talk turkey with a bedding consultant who's from the very best mattresses and even better prices. So rest easy this Thanksgiving and all through the holidays knowing that everybody in the house is sleeping comfortably. But they belong there or not. You're ready for the holidays now by calling 100 mattress 1-800-MATT-T-RES. Be sure to tell that Neil and Fatboy told you to call Dalamac. Brand-day bed same day service call him now and be sleeping like a baby two nights. The day is going to be over. This is going to be a nice day. You way, yeah. So hurry on. That's my first song, forgot my name! They were speaking in tongues, that they'd be a believer With kind of fun, with the stick it out of my mouth Speak in tongues, they got me believe in my tongue It's a way they're from size to size We're honoring the century, playing military It's too high for the world It was the young, ugly lion It's too high for the world It's just many of that? The hunters who wear barbaric honour the씩ies It's collecting damage , this and this I said every time I listen to another one of his bits even though I've heard him 50,000 times before I hear something new, you know, in the ring. If you pay attention to the blob-blows in there is like something very funny. 561 votes on a poll. If we had the election with Bush against Gordon 2004, if he can stand some more, even though one of his $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1, $1, $1,000,000,000, $1,000,000,000,000, $1,000,000,000 a $7,000,000,000,000,000,000,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000 fill. $1,000,000, $1,000, $1, $1,000,000 11,000,000! $1,000,000, $2000,000, $1,000,000,000, $3,000,000,000, $3,000, $8,000,000,000, $2,000, $1,000? $2,000, $3,000,000, $1,000 last $1,000. $3,000! afford $2,000, $1,000 Did you figure that $2,000,000? Now I don't care what you thought it get a copy of that. You can't read it. It's not out on rental yet. I don't know. Somebody will let us know. How about getting yinkel unrental. Remember yinkel green? Here's a real-life rafi. It says this also for all this is from the star. I thought it was another one from the globe. That's not good too carried away. And wait to you be impressed to see the pile of stuff I got for tomorrow. So the heavy-boony stuff like how much more can Whitney take. Panic and the palace on her stuff about the real theorems in there too. Wait till you hear about what's on the rest room walls. Anyway, so Panic star Joe Pantoliano feels right home playing psychotic hip man rafi, siparetto on the HBO show. That's because the neighborhood where he grew up in Hoboken, New Jersey was run by the mafia. He reveals an espacenating new autobiography who's sorry now. The true story of a stand-up guy published by EP Dutton. In an exclusive interview, Pantoliano aka Joy Pants reveals that rackets and mob violence were offensive life when he was a kid and fun. In fact, I still have a good funeral to clear the 48-year-old active director and author whose family had mob ties. Did you know that? Nope. How do you like that, see? Better late than ever. We finally learned something on this show today. Story telling is a way of life for Pantoliano, so as you learn the art on his mother's lap. She loved her frightening with stories of grandpa Gus's hair trigger temper. Grandpa Gus used to run the Italian lottery in Hoboken for veto-gen of ACI and Pantoliano's playing. Once the way in particular he'll never forget what my mother was seven or eight. She went to her father and told him about a guy who said it the same spot and spitted her when she walked home from the school. The next day, huh? Yeah. The next day, grandpa had a big weekend in the music, you know what I'm saying? The next day, grandpa Gus watched from across the street as she walked by a middle age man sitting in the doorway. Lo and behold, he spit right behind her. Without a word, Gus crossed the street, you was pistol and shot the man in the leg. Right in front of his daughter. How do you like that? How brutal. There's a good message for you. Anybody spit see your kid. Shoot him in the leg. Blood spatter in every race is Pantoliano. It turned out the poor guy had a sign. At a sign is conditioned, that's why he spit at nothing and do it my daughter, mother, who stood there hysterical at what she would miss her white-bloss peppered with blood. Joypance Dad, a herst driver and his mom were both gambling addicts with a racetrack just across town. My old man could have been a brain surgeon with a lot of greed and managed to do the best read boys is still a broke his whole life, Pantoliano jokes. One half I'm been broke. One half that they left out was paying the rent instead my parents opted for packing and moving. We moved 10 times by the time I hit high school. The one place Pantoliano felt at home was a funeral. Mommy took me in my little sister Mary and every wicked. Faye is funeral parlor. He says, one who never forget was for a hood who ruled out stole the mood of Christmas. Danny Magliano was the closest thing the Santa Claus I ever had said the actor, but Danny's luck ran out and he was shot in the swamps along the Hudson River. As a funeral Pantoliano, when his mom bowed their heads in prayer before I could say, I'm in. She talked to my sleeping whispered, Joey, look at his head. She said, see that shot in the head three times and you can't even see the holes. Excited the boys said, wow, tell me more, Mommy, tell me more. But as mother staff, what do you think this is a party? Lower your voice and show some respect for the bed. The hit and was fine shot, then he still looks pretty good. 252 at 560 WQA, if you love your home, but you just haven't got enough space to do all the things you want to be doing. Do what hundreds of other people are doing even people like George, even little pissures like him. Call strictly additions. Whether you have an a baby, need another room, maybe you're converting a carporter, patty, with living space. Maybe you wanted a business for yourself and when you make a home orifice, call strictly additions. There are your one-stop shop more space for your place, place with an absolutely positively worry for your approach to expanding your living space. Those old no shows by the contractors ain't gonna happen. In complete work, no chance. No unexpected bills, no worries about the job not getting done right and they take care of every single last detail. They drop your blueprints. They get to building permits and all the inspections for you. Strictly additions has got that easy five step approach to total customer satisfaction we always tell you about. Number one called a Schedule A Free Project of Activation and Permanent at your home, where a project estimated will determine the scope of your addition. Secondly, Schedule a bit of employment and there can be new children. We'll get a detailed proposal and an exact price for the work. Third, select your finishing touches, go to contract, fourth review of the designer, contextual drugs and then fifth sit back and relax with a big smile on your post. As you'd remodish and move ahead on schedule with unbeatable quality. Check out the rat in the yellow pages. They serve all a brown and south pound beach county and they're very excited about doing a super job for you. They're completely licensed and insured. Give McCall tell that needle little pity lany for you to call strictly additions at 9.5.4.7.9.1.8.100. That's 9.5.4.79. What is it again? 9.5.4.9.7.9.1.8.100. Got it? Got it. Tom George's put it to call. My life is local. Your sports radio 5.60.2 a.m. Modern way down on my couch. Just something about it when I inhale. It's like wow dude. Kind of sucks though. I'm gonna see it pop in your eye. It's a real bummer. If you just go live roll it tight. I'll put that little bit to my flame. Now I'm a glassy-eyed timber lake and funny things go through my brain. As we would have been one minute ago. I won't remember. Take another trophy ashes make like shows. The falling embers. I didn't tell you you did business with Justin. No. Prop 58 at 5.60. I got to tell you on a scale of 400. I give this show to the above. 388. Spectacular. Pretty good show. I don't know what by like. Greece lightning. I don't know why. What was it just from the start of the day coffee? And Monday is very unusual. Monday is usually terrible. Monday is usually awful. Deadly. But for some reason today, maybe because the dolphins when yesterday. Oh, I don't think so. If it's because Toronto might win another hockey in this year. No. I doubt it. But there's just something in here. Maybe Jailo put like a positive hex. I mean, what not a hex? But what would you call positive spell? Yeah. She cast a spell on us. I think it's a real good one. By 180. Oh, and I got bad news for you. They're to show that not everything's perfect. Yeah. The snow on my patio is gone. It's our 2D press. Yeah. Because it's all the way over. It's all about the 35 now. So it's all melted. There's still some on a roof around. I can see a little bit out there. But it all melted. It's going away. And then tomorrow's going to be like 43 and then for like 3 days and row and wash it away. It's so. Be pressing. Let me sit against. No, isn't all that bad unless you're driving in it or have a shovel. Other than those two things. That's what I will say. What I don't like an awful lot is ice. You know, when like you're the everything. You know, ice in your store. Hold on. You're as close. Because you know what I'm. Yeah. You don't need any ice to fall down. Exactly. I don't need any extra help. So if there's an ass around, I'll find it. Five. Five hundred. If whatever that means. Five hundred. These three votes. If the 2004 presidential election puts president push against Al Gore. I'd vote for. Oh, look at that. These can't be real candy. Sure. I guess these are counteracting the effect when you had before. Go to 06. I vote for Bush to 04. Well, why we were paying attention. I blow my brains out 80. I wouldn't vote for these seven. I'd leave the company 46. That's our poll up to the moment. Okay. A staggering result. Neckon that knows to know is it's as tight as which is. Rectom ass. We got the mad dog. The angry puppy stand and buy who's, you know, his dolphins been a girl's team yesterday. Beat the crap out of him. And they're going to be saying we're on our way. They be first place in the division. We're kicking ass. We're going to be really ugly. The booster for Hank at three. Her cool hotline at 630. The big O. 839 followed by Eddie K from GA and Joe and Mark overnight. Bye bye. The weather show on five six. The new two way out. My own four more days. How could things be any worse?