Time's up, most is to South Florida's only U.S. Orc region, WTWA, Miami Fort Lauderdale, of Pizambuncast, New Fiction. WTWQAM.com Over the world, world, world, world, world. Morning, Mom. To the more on-hour at 9 o'clock you'll hear more. What would you do if I wrote in my face? Would you stand up and walk out on me? Yeah. It hurts my real bow. It too long. There's no stopping my jingle berries. Oh, you're a dreamy bird that you've had. Oh, you're a dreamy bird that you've had. Oh, you're a dreamy bird that you've had. Oh, you're a dreamy bird that you've had. Oh, you're a dreamy bird that you've had. Where did I say that makes it give way? Even we need a parcel at home. Yeah, yeah. Girls, can you smell it's possible? At the right, because we're on our own. We'll check out what's real now. We'll see the weather in the past. We'll see the weather in the past. We'll see the weather in the past. We'll see the weather in the past. What's wrong with your body? God real bad guess. We did you just parted. Oh, I've got something. We've got something. We've got something. We've got something. We've got something. You should have started a fabulous morning. It was really pretty big. Yeah. I know 3 and 5, 60 WQM happy Tuesday too. Yeah, and up for this, the pravity, like somebody once said, who the hell said that? That'll be a depred of me anymore. 1952 votes on the podium today about their wicked weed. In fact, I think a lot of people around this building are smoking it. If you ask me, somebody mentioned me this morning as I was taking leak. This place is kind of like the blind leading the blind. You know, and I said, we all ought to have those walking sticks. You know, that blind people have. That's what they ought to give us. As soon as you walk into the door, you ought to have your own stick. And just stick it. What a great show on Donnie who likes that. It's about time. I guess he's going to go out with a blaze of glory on MSNBC. He had Michael Moron. Bullying for Columbine. A live audience in Flint, Michigan, Michael Moron's hometown. It was great. It was like Donnie who all of a sudden recaptured that glory of a hundred years ago. And Michael Moron was great. He sounded just like me. Which one, Donnie? You or Michael Moron? Nah, not Donnie. You Michael Moron. He's good. He's great. Sounded just like everything I've ever said about how violent this country is and crazy people would guns. And he talked about, and they filmed Bullying for Columbine. They get a good funding in Toronto to go up there because they couldn't get anybody to fund the movie in the US. So they went up to Canada and he had a clip that he showed from the movie where in Toronto he went house to house. Of course they obviously checked with these people before you know, ahead of time. But they went to house to house because people leave their doors unlocked. He said, here's a city of Toronto. Minions of people and people don't even lock their doors at night. Is there anybody here that wouldn't lock their door at night? No. America crazy people with guns. Okay, well we'll get to that. We don't want to publicate. A lot of calls today. Let's get those calls cranked up baby. Let's hear about the noils and the canes. Not. God, I can't stand that there are so many childish people here. You know what? I can't stand it. Childish. This whole radio station is based on childish people. You know what I mean? They're like that. God. Oh, there are noils in the canes. They're going to kick their ass. Yeah, great. And then what? You silly overgrown children's? 1953 votes. What's your take on a marijuana laws? Are you pot heads out there? Legalizing taxid 67.7% of this pot head crowds said that. 646 people. decriminalized in 164.2. Traffic technology for possession 33 people. See, add those three numbers together. What do you got? You got like 88 and a half percent. 88 and a half f and mother scratching percent. Say quit putting people in jail for like, what everybody else is doing. God. Keep the laws the same. 60 as on people said that. 60.2. Keep in the same. Only legalized medical marijuana. 49, 5,1%. So you got like 80, almost 89% to 11%. Overwhelming. And even though it's pulled a front page in time magazine, this way, take a look at it. Okay. Fact after you read it, you roll it up and smoke a fat one with time magazine. Better than smoking a herald by the way. And what are they smoking at the herald in the sunset? Boys and girls. I am still foaming it them out. You should see, but you will see, because I'm going to hold it up to you. Herald didn't print too many because they hurt lies like crazy. You're not kidding us. You must have got 75,000 emails and letters already. Since Sunday at the herald, you mother scratching liars. You pandivers. Yeah, they got a big sign over there. They'll know say I'm in Glacac. Yeah, T. Okay. Up your ass. We hate you with the herald. We despise you. You just, uh, the worst thing on a face of the globe. We like al Qaeda compared to you. We'd rather have dinner with Osama Yamama. Then with you assholes if they herald. But the sunset, look at all the letters they printed. Pulled almost the whole page. Editorial and bush lack integrity of other, and both newspapers endorsements of Jeb Bush for Governor on Sunday after both papers have been excoriating him and rightfully so. And they knew McBride had, did you see it? Or they played the clip from Pensacola where he's talking about, well, I've got some tedious plans for the, you know, that amendment. No, they did. Yeah, they actually have the audio clip from that the Cacet tape, because there was a guy in Air Reporter from Pensacola from the year when I love there. I didn't know he had recorded it. Yes, he had an on tape. Or he made the homophobic comment about the two, you know, really as a caretakers, you know, those were the quotes. And then he also made the comment about, wow, you know, if that thing, if they passed that amendment on class size, I have some devious plans to take care of that. In other words, no matter what you've known as out there, think he's been a deep six. He'll subvert the will of the public. This is your education governor, the F cat governor. He's got the F part right. And the C, but the other two letters forget about it. So there, I might even read some of these today, because, you know, we need a few bedtimesters. Look at that phone. You see any calls on that phone? I don't see any calls on there. I was going to punch one up right off the bed here today. To get this thing off the, off the out of the blocks. There were a couple. There were a couple of the acuts that's been on. I mean, more tickets to give away today. See, that yesterday was okay, except for that, except what he grabbed her scoot up the show. As we tried to turn the corner and get away from this four hours of bedtime, straight crap on here, they had nothing to say. See, I keep deluding myself. You'll see. WQIM. Is the pot on? There you go, that house, hello. See, I, why does that happen every day? And that's not on the other end. That's on this end. That's on this. I take Bob or both is dicken with our phone thing. He's dicken with it. WQIM. Hey, now it's going on. Yes, sir. I'd like questions for you to do our foremost for a headache. And you say, any K wrong to J, and you don't do that no more. What's up with that? Any K graduated? Oh, no more J. No. How about DNA? How about one? DNA. TNA, yeah, any graduated TNA. Maybe he'll be a treasure island. Okay, but I stay. I was there was okay. It was kind of weak. Any K at G and glad you reminded me that. Because it's a show for a chronic gambler. That's what this radio station is all about. 18, 16 hours a day. Chronic gamblers and overgrown children who still want to play with their ball games. Okay, I'll give me the ball. Give me the ball. My team. Who gives a crap about your stick at S team. Okay. By the way, at least one last night. Against Brian Murray's team. I wonder if he heard that shit go pregame show. Brian Murray. The thing so? Yeah, to make believe, spot him. He's a real team that could beat nice goal and boys. It's about time and a path. I know something even on nobody cares about hockey. I'm going to go ballistic and I'm going to tell you one of the reasons I don't go to those games anymore. It's not fun. And you want no whites not fun because even if you got a crappy team which we do, sitting in the midst of a bunch of assholes is not fun. No matter how many people show up there. Believe me, it's not too many anymore. At least two thirds in this building. Now back to the old Miami arena. People understood the game. We had real fans. It was a great atmosphere. Here we got a bunch of plastic assholes who don't understand the game. And if it weren't for Bobby LaWango, well, I wish to least say it him. I'll tell you that if it was for our great gold tender, the path is beyond unjust about every game by the end of the first period. He keeps it in the game. He's unbelievable. And so last night, I wanted to come to be three to one on the third period. The rest of the team decided to stop playing. They leave Montezone and Tampa score 4 goals and 3 minutes. So what about a minute or two left? You know, he makes an easy saving across given them your Bronx chair. The sarcastic, you know. I'm going to tell you something. What you people know about hockey. I could stick in your ass and have room for God the impact rich Josh Friedman and Julio and engineer left over in there. How do you like that? You can't complain about their knowledge about anything with sports in this town because their clue is, they're cool. What do they know about besides early bird god damn dinners? Nothing. Your right time, jick, I did need to be back here. Not too long. Just for a little while. So I could get, I could smell the aroma of what this place is all about. Oh man. It's either that or most squeeze the bag begin too hard. You notice how he sits off to the side? I'm telling you. That's because he doesn't want to sit on that bag because if you sit on your bag, it's whoops, man. You talk about a nasty overflow. Who'd want to clean up that mess? Especially at his advanced stage. Not to mention the to jam at the bottom of his seat. Ooh. It's 11 after 9 at 5. At 5.60. WKM maybe he needs to start poppins of Oryoman. I don't want to tell you where he ought to start poppin it. Backdome, but it couldn't hurt in his case. Maybe I'll just slide him in the bag. Anyway, if you want to be in good health, take some Oryoman. Believe me, Oryoman is a great combination of great, the best Oryoman can buy, combined with good stuff. The vitamins and minerals, herbal, and nutrients, scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs. Look for Oryoman's 3 new formulas that got one to help you sleep. One to help control your weight and co-cute 10 believe me. That's so good for your heart. You wouldn't believe it. I'll use the benefits of pharmaceutical rate Oryoman. In fact, maybe they'd like to send me some of their co-cute 10 because I take it every day. And of course, I'd love to get it from them because it would be free. Oryoman is an outstanding product that's available at public secrets and Walgreens for more info call Oryoman. Tole free at 1-866 Oryoman. That's 1-866-66536-33. It can of course order their products on their website Oryomanamerica.com. If you visit nearest publics and find Oryoman, product and data-brow, you can get you a coupon for a free Larry Co-Cover, Bobblehead, dial, I'll even help supplies lad. That is said, Larry Co-Cover, Bobblehead, dial, fraud, you silly sports holes out there, man. You can rub it, you can pat it on a head and say, How you do no spherocto? Don't forget to visit their sampling<|ru|><|ru|><|ru|><|ru|><|ru|><|ru|><|ru|><|ru|><|ru|><|ru|><|ru|><|ru|><|ru|> И祝 you a brand new product, and start pop on a whole bunch of it in your little pussy. I'm at the local V66561. The ring is on your... QA-M. Arnest with the sewer of this place. With the studios of Channel 10 be haunted. To my birthday, I'm changing my wish. I wish you all the best. I wish you all the best. Join us to my more special report on the Honding of Channel 10. The Ultimate Country Boys have a good start. There are good news, they are for my cookies. And then you will judge the news all the way to the good news. And today we are going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. It's not a joke. I'll be blown away. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I'm going to play the game. I like some of these people. I work with here a lot. Some not so. I want to predict it. But anyway, I am going to make my teeth ache. It makes my teeth hurt. I want to speak to my teeth. Did I tell you what to do to the dentist yesterday? No, it's going to be a good boy. I'm going to show my good buddy Gary. Right. My teeth clean. I'm going to do my teeth clean. I'm going to do my teeth clean. I'm going to do my teeth clean. I'm going to do my teeth clean. I'm going to do my teeth clean. I'm going to do my teeth clean. I'm going to do my teeth clean. I'm going to do my teeth clean. I'm going to do my teeth clean. I'm going to do my teeth clean. I'm going to do my teeth clean. I'm going to do my teeth clean. I'm going to do my teeth clean. I'm going to do my teeth clean. That's my old friend Cheryl there. What a shame. Maybe the good lord is looking after old knee after all. So anyway, we got the mad dog or the angry puppy. Right. I want to clunk it. Hank is going to be 3 to 7 and again, another one of those throw away hours, which is an easy way to kill an hour with Rob Conrad. What is it at 5, 5 to 6? See these just man. You people on this station. That's another thing. You don't understand it. If I'm not a doll fan, do I want to hear Rob Conrad? Do I want to hear net more? No. Like if I'm not a basketball fan, do I want to hear I were a winderman every Wednesday for an hour or no. But it kills an easy hour. I understand where they're coming from. Then at 7 o'clock tonight, because we got nobody else to put on. We got the big. Oh, it's K from GA10. And Joe and Mark overnight. And by the way, Joe and Mark. I don't want to accuse anybody of being in here and digging with our stuff overnight. But I'm accusing you guys right now. That Joe Costello started to drop a few points in my estimation and I saw your numbers do, Joe. You're dropping several points everywhere. Maybe it's just because you're going to get married in a couple of months. Maybe that's it. Maybe he's occupied. Not too good, baby. We're in here digging around with stuff. I couldn't get my pretty work in this morning. I had an unfart everything in this place for like a half an hour to just get the stuff back to where it was yesterday. And of course, everybody in denial here, muff and clearance. Others, nobody in there. They're not the, I don't know what they're doing here. Yeah, we have this stand. You're a good guy, muff. But just go back in the corner again. Okay. Go back in the corner, put your rhythm in your mouth. Stop pretending. They're never going to change. We need a padlock on a guy on the outer door. Oh, yeah, but we got to go in there for the ball games. More stupid ball games, see? I say, let's just stop carrying ball games. That's a good idea. Let's just stop carrying ball games. See, and if I would've gone to the hockey game last night, not only would I have been in the midst of really a whole lot of really an, uh, unknowledgeable assholes, but also I would've missed the Donhue with Michael More. The really that was it was one of the best hours that TV I've ever seen. Really? It was. And they showed the whole audience, the live audience that was there in Flint. They showed that in the movie. They give my private screening before they take the show. And everybody loved it. And they were really into it. I mean, heavy duty. They, they had, um, story about a six year old kid, who was a product of a bill Clinton singered by, and one thing about Michael More. He didn't play any favorites. Even though he's very liberal, but nevertheless, he ripped Clinton and asked for way to do welfare. Yeah, I've heard of that. And you saw the thing about the welfare, mom, and she had the working 14 hours a day. And so she had to like farm out her little kids to her relatives or come back brother. And so the six year old kid is at the brothers house finds a gun takes into school and the truth and kills a little six year old little girl. And they had to picture it a little girl. This, this is just unacceptable. And I've been telling Evan, sitting here screaming at it was so validating to me personally, actually, here, another fat guy sitting there on TV, saying, uh, the same things I've been screaming about for years, and especially a Sandy kept talking about Canada. Right across the board, we says the only thing that separates us from them is an imaginary line. And he's right, imaginary border. And yet the people, there are civilized. They keep their doors open. I'm locked at night. Some of them. I don't, but nevertheless, I mean, what a different culture. And I keep trying to explain that to you, people. This is not the way it's supposed to God, Dan B. I got the stir about the kid that went nuts in Oklahoma the other day. Where was it? Oklahoma or Arkansas? Where would it have had? What? Some Yahoo place in the pickup truck because they were chewing them out for irresponsible for reckless driving. So we just got up there to pick up and took his shotgun and kill kill a few people. Then you'll hawk fears that you see the picture him. He'll just like you with little go-tilips. Just like you, your evil twin would like you. I mean, really ugly. Would like a little go-tie. So even worse, getting scolded for driving his pickup recklessly near children. This is the Oklahoma, Salas Oklahoma. What fommet was a rampage in which he allegedly killed two people and wounded eight including a toddler. The 18 year old under Suicide Watch was expected to make an initial quarter appearance following a shooting screen that's on residents in this town of 8,000 people about 20 miles from the Arkansas State line. I don't know if there's ever going to be an answer for why did this to this attorney money Johnson? He just flipped out when a dog flipped out. And if you can't control yourself then it's always a good idea to have a gun. That's always a great idea because that's the American FNW. St. people don't have this obsession with guns. And they also showed the clip of Charlton Heston right after he liked a couple of days after column buying and they went ahead and they had the gun total convention out there that everybody begged them, please don't have this out here and they still had it. And they showed the picture him holding his rifle up in here and saying, ah, you'll have to pry it out of my dead cold hands. We're only praying for that day Charlton, okay? He probably forgets no that he said that. See all these right wingers, they conveniently wind up with Alzheimer's like Ronnie Ray Gunn and Charlton Heston. They forget these grotesque horrendous things that they said. Yes, son of a bitch. Yeah. Anyway, so this kid flipped down here to guide him. Shut up. Let's go kill some people. Come on. Because I'm pissed off and fired up. So that's our poll today, by the way. How do we wind up with a puffing? Yeah, look at that. Just almost 90%. Almost 90%. See the public understands even in this repressed country where the public is generally like a held back from everything that they want and should be able to do by the God damn repressive government. See, you've got to keep it like the Pope. It's like the Vatican. Keep the assholes in line. Keep them in line. Keep them in fear. Keep them in line. Keep them working harasses off just as your via from minute to minute from day to day. Then they have no power. Then they will fear you. And that's basically what they've done. We from the day is the election and my birthday. How do you like that? Oh, big day. It's a good old. It's not a good old man. Maybe it is. That's what Gregory Peck said. He said it's a bad old man. Let's go watch that movie again. The old man. That's about all of us here on QA. I'll tell you one thing. We're sure getting old on a station. You know what? We need some young blood. Old, old guys in your me and Hank. And of course, MO! Fuck about ancient. You know, uh, guilty. I know that you're sucking up a lot and you have to do that to keep the job. At least sweep out the toe jam every morning when you leave in that studio. Mad dog shouldn't get really pissed off. Sweep it out. That's it. They left me. I noticed that tell the gully went and doubt sweep it out. And the toe cheese too. Man. That guy is so ancient. And he's still like sitting off to the side of it. Maybe very silently like flipping some out. Because gully's got to be a sour look on his neck, which makes his voice go like an active higher all the time. And if anybody can't afford to have his voice go any higher. I didn't hear him running and raving about the abhorrent behavior of the panther fans yesterday last night. Oh, where's Peter? Well, well, that's why we didn't have the place jam last night because Big number eight was not there to beat up a few people. You know what I'm saying? What you people know about hockey like I said is less than nothing. Zero zippity do da. Zippity do da. This new building. It's a worst thing that ever happened in that franchise. Plastic city. And you can call it the office. Yanted Depot. You can go whatever the hell you want. It's making a difference. They can change the name. It's like a dog tour. You can call it filet mignon. It's still a dog tour. It okay. Still dog crap. And since they started that building and it's right by me, I'm ashamed to say just a few blocks away from where I live. But the crowd that we draw in there is like, you know, the cell phone crowd. It's the same assholes that are at the American Airlines. You can't watch the heat. I've never been in there. Everybody tells me first of all it's a horrible building. Secondly, nobody sits in their seats through all wandering around on their cell phones talking to each other, making an appearance. It's a social club. It's not a sporting event. It's a freaking social club. Yeah, they go there to be seen. I mean, to me, to me, mock in this kid who's done such a phenomenal job. I only wish that the Leafs had rubber. We're rid of the long ago. I wish. Maybe we can give you back Trevor kid. We'll make a swap, even up. What do you say? Oh, nobody's that stupid. God. And then it's just, they just don't get it. Hey, ref, you suck. It's the same. It's not fun. It's just not fun, so I don't go. And like I said, thank goodness I chose because I only found Donahue by accident, channel surfing. See, feel if you would have called and had your staff call up everybody at home and told us all that this was the night you were going to do a good show. Some more people might have tuned in. How many people in this audience do you think saw Phil Donahue with a Michael Morales night? Yeah, and that's including me. And I think that's an exaggeration. I bet you we don't get one call from anybody in this audience who saw Donahue at a clock last night. Probably right. There's nobody watching. And of course when he comes out a couple hours after that big fat jury not minute, you know, it takes up your whole TV screen. Talk about hard to look at. Good. God. He makes big Wilson, rest in peace. Look like a midget. Humongous. He's got jowls the size of some states. Anyway, what am I getting worked up of, huh? Get that new boy. Didn't give you this fool, did I? Well, I got sidetracked. I got sidetracked with Michael Mor and the panthers him all over the place. Here's the poll. What's your take on guns in the US? What's your take? How many facts this to Erickson? Have to write it down. You gunna. What's your take? I got six choices here. No private citizens should have handguns. Only police should have guns. Only police and hunters should have guns, which by the way, Michael Morales not against hunters. Go not in shooting deer or whatever. It's too late gunna to run the country. Don't f for the second amendment in my guns or too many gunloving rednecks. Those are the choices. No private citizens should have handguns. Only police should have guns. Only police and hunters should have guns. It's too late gunna to run the country. Don't f for the second amendment in my guns or too many gunloving rednecks. Whoa. I apologize for the redundancy there. 26 after 9 at 5.60WQ. I'm in a great Tuesday. We've turned a corner on this shot to do that right now. I like the tone of the show. I like the ambiance, the lay of the land. I don't like being here, especially with ourselves the department come back a couple days before we're expected it. And I don't see any more champion light in here, PD Lenny who talks a big game. Oh, don't tell anybody. Everything is like subversive in him. Just bring the crap in here or send me a guillotine with it and stop by with all your cloak and dagger. Okay. Stop with all the bull crab. I got physically ill. See him and freaky Carlisle up front on our way out yesterday. Oh, what a quenile of that is. PD Lenny and freaky Carlos. They were comparing fingernails. Hey sir, okay. 20. 7. After 9. At 5. 60. WQM. There's never been a better time to buy you a new home, or refinance your existing home. How about this rate? Only 3.95%. That's correct. Financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95% on you got to do is pick up that thing. And your phone too in call financial group at 1.894 OLEND. That's 1.894 OLE5363. The money you're going to save is absolutely... I don't know what you both. Think about it. You can get a $100,000 alone. Only $450,000. Get you a $200,000 alone. For only $950,000. The process is simple. You'll save $1000 each year. Just pick up that phone and call our good friend. Why do we always never spot say pick up the phone? They know how you make a call. Jesus, God Almighty, who writes this crack, Todd. Just call our good friend's financial group toll free at 1.894 OLEND. There's never been a better time to get you a low interest rate call financial group. The financial group is an equal housing letter. Critter restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change. So call them now toll free 1.894 OLEND. That's 1.894 OLE5363. We're supposed to be a 5.60 year old. You a- Santana. You've heard him play his Grammy performance with Rob Thomas. And on the latest hit with Michelle Branch. Everybody wants Santana on their song. So leave compiled a CD collection of every artist Santana has ever played with. Like M&M. Two set of all girls go around the outside. On the outside. On the outside. The Dixie chicks. On Drey of the Cheli. On Drey of the Cheli. It's Santana's licks for everyone's CD including unrelief tracks from Carlos and John Tess. And some day your journey will end. I'll be there for you as well. Yes, he's a good star-point horror who will play with anybody except of course, Kelly Clarkson. A moment like this. No way, man. Santana's licks for everyone. Order now and receive a personalized bonus track where Santana plays your very own birthday song. And he birthday dear, Santana. Call now. Black film. Join the animation. Your gun today. Have yourself in down the Christian farm. All right, bro. Your friends, the wave, will back you all. We'll be back now. We'll be spending your right you on a gun. When you think of all the benefits you're getting. Like movies, you can't even get your heater. The materialized and two-way deadly. Come on and join today. This is the end. Tell your family, the human world, the NRL. A-4-0-B. A-4-0-B. A-4-0-B. And only Zanko in the head. Is there a wedding of best? Charpen your skins. You can't afford a party. Be there. And spend your rights to hold up. Come on and join today. And you'll be proud to say, your inventor. And all are a- But how could these things happen? That's what really kills me, so to speak. All this hand-ringing and all this, the gnashing of teeth. Oh, how could these things happen? It happens every day in this country. It just happens as often as people get out of the bed in the morning. And I'm at a one. Thank God for Michael Moore. Is that what we'll be in the theaters now? Is it like this weekend? Because I think they opened it in Flint, which is his hometown, like I said. I think he's a good teacher. Bullying in column for column by. I didn't know that. Did you? That those kids went bowling on the morning that they did the- Yeah, I heard something about it. But I didn't know that at the moment. They went there from him the first time. Yeah. I didn't know that. Till last night. Till this moment, I always thought it was Barzini all along. But it was a great show. I thought I'm too bad that none of you out there saw it. It was really worth seeing. Here's the fact that his just heard Neil Bush is still a lot of fame to selling the state floor to the Department of Education. The package could certainly be F-CAT. Clames that his brother being governor has nothing to do with it. He heard on NPR. Thank you, Jane. And Jane also says, damn it. I missed down a hue. You're Asian and I don't know Jane. But it's not your fault. It's their fault for not calling you and saying that I was going to be a good show. Oh, man. Phil, why didn't you let us all know? That tonight was going to be the night that you recaptured that glory of the olden days. He was really good. It was an excellent show. I think that's the format he needs. To have the live studio audience there. A little bit more lively than Alex Bennett. WQAM. Hey, Neil. You know what they should do is you come by all the time as you want. But the boys will only be issued to military and police. And people that want have gone this rubber bullets. And that way there's a control of how much is paintball. Yeah. Paintball would be good. You got this off. You're somebody with some paintball. Right. That'll make you feel better. That's right. Yeah. Listen, Ray, he's in the tailspin. What's going on? He still are smithing me. We have buddies who they've four are rowing. How they got up there. So, sir, there's more than one guy playing the team. Look at the guy. The defense couldn't stop your grandma. Call them. I'll kill the scusser with it. We're not going to start talking football on his show. He's stupid. I mean about this one dimensional town. Brady, what's wrong with Ray? Nothing. Look like nothing wrong with him to me. He looks pretty damn good to me. Okay. I'd like to be his good close friend. Real close and real good. Man. So, he lost the game. Like Alexander McGillney said in Toronto before the last night's game. We don't have any crisis. It's just a game. He's a funny guy. Like he's at it. These are real character. Like, when he can all have said about it, just a goddamn game. Hey, we're in Toronto, baby. It's more than just a game. Okay. You better get your any scored in high school. That's not a beauty from Sunday. That was pretty good game. I'm flipping back and forth. Leafs in the Panthers. At least one of my teams won. Yeah, it's been a real bad. That's why I've another reason I'm so done on sports. Between the goddamn Patriots who stink the joy not every week now. And the God they make believes. And of course the Panthers are. Man. What's wrong with you, Pete? And you know what's how many calls we get about the Panthers. None. Not just on this show on this radio station. It's a franchise. I have no idea why they even exist. Why did they exist? Does anybody know? No. With all the respect of my close personal injured friend Paul Laws. I just, I don't get it Paul. I don't understand it. What's the purpose? Plain in front of empty house. All these idiots out there don't understand a game. You're a bronze cheering Bobby LaWango. There are a few things beat this week since it's week for me to be pissed off. Sunday with a hero of the sunset and endorsing the jibb byster that crooked piece of Tirt and then this thing about those assholes in the stands last night. Maybe Pete will well out of play goal without a mask. That sounds good to me. That's all they know. Where's the big show? WQAM. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Are you doing live and breathe in person? All right. Yeah. Yeah. I caught that dime. You last night. Really? Yeah. I caught a ride. Thing is they were supposed to play it about a week or two ago, but they kept pre-impsing it for the sniper. No, yeah. So, you know, probably got a stick. So it's my life. I got a lot of stuff. Yeah. They only got it on. But yeah. Boeing for Columbine's playing in theaters. I went to sit on Sunday and Palm Beach. How was it? I got to see the first hour from Jakahat. I was supposed to pull the fire alarm and the emptied out the theater. So now we have to go back. Are you serious? I swear to God, Neil. Some of the movie theater pulled a fire alarm. They must have because the alarm went off. Everything they cleared everybody out. And they said they want to. I'll tell you what. He better not do it again or release some of that Russian gas in the theater. There you go. And yeah, it's playing down off the theater off the east sunrise. If you look it up, I'm not sure the name is the theater. East sunrise out there. Yeah. East sunrise. It's a four theater. How far east is that? I have no idea. Oh, like, worse. If it's a four theater, there's very limited places to play. If it's east to four forty. Well, I won't go there. Yes. Yes. OK. Well, if I let go of Bel. Thank you. Have a great day. So there's somebody that saw down to you last night. I see this my lucky week because that show was originally supposed to be on. But we had a pre. We had a preempted for a sniper coverage all sniper all day. And this. And one thing I disagree with Michael Moron because if you're going to have laws, they have to fit the society you live in. you live in a violent barbaric society, this idea that we can't have capital punishment, I'll tell you this, I'll make a deal with it. Let's fry these two, these two schvartses, and then after that we'll discuss it for the future. But did all this anguish about, wow, where are they going to be tried? See, this is a new thing now, it's spending hours and hours and hours because they got no other information, except that I and Estle and Slip to their fingers here, my international, you saw that thing. Yeah, nice. Very nice. So whether it's God damn Muslim terrorists from the Middle East or whether it's just come bags with guns, whatever it is, they just let them slip through their fingers. And then of course, oh, we don't have any record of that, go ask the FBI about it, go ask somebody else about it. We don't know. We don't have a clue. We'll have to go see Chief Mooseyman, because he's the only guy that's got the IQ to get this all straightened out. But, let me know, let me know, yeah, and maybe all three agencies can work together and straighten it out. Scary. Robert Blaselar wants to quit, you see that? No, I haven't seen that. In fact, the question isn't, did you see the story? Did you see him? You just need to put a him? Well, man, talk about his hair is wider than Moosey's used to be before he put that purple piece on. Would it yours be? What was that? Well, what did I just hear there? Where did that come from? From the phone. And who the hell is that? Who's he? Why are you trying to be a superstar, aren't you? Who's yakin' on a phone? Probably that damn McGelean got nothing better to do back there while I was running away from the Doreen. There catches we'd art. No, it was Josh father. Oh, it's Josh? Uh-huh. Tell him, unless he's got some checks for us, bug off. Actually, I had to do it with pay, so did I really have to do with your pay? Are you getting paid? Oh, that's what they say. No, I see. Ha ha ha. Man, they have got you so buffaloed, it's not even funny. Carlos is getting paid. Not. You'll see. And let me tell you this, if you're checked, I didn't have like the little Greg Reed squircle on a bottom. Don't even bother taking the bank. It won't clear. Bonnie, till 10 at 5, 60, WQM, hey, I'll tell you one thing. If you're looking to save a few bucks with us, everybody is these days. Call our good friends at Dilematra. They got the best deal on a grand brand, a new name brand mattress for it in the world. If you woke up this morning, feeling a little out of sorts or like you didn't sleep at all, maybe you need a new mattress. Maybe the older one is time to say, cyanara. Maybe it's got like some of most to jam on the side. Call 1-800 mattress. That's the number for Dilematra. When you talk to these people, you'll be guaranteed a great night's sleep. They carry the top brands in the world, Seely, Surdo Simmons, King Quill, and every size and every comfort level, which means the mattress you're looking for is in stock available for immediate delivery. Recently, they set up the used to be lovely Miguel. These can't ugly now. With a new bed, he's loving it. The folks at Dilematra did what they said they would. No BS, no excuses, no bait and switch. Just a comfortable relaxing night's sleep from a gal in between intercourse. Or in intercoursees. When a crew from Dilematra's got to Miguel's house, they set up his mattress, even took away the old one. Don't be tempted by stores going out of business who can't deliver what they promised. And don't forget, you got a couple of days left on this through the end of the month. Today tomorrow and Thursday. I'm right. I woke up this morning. I had no idea what they was. I did my alarm went off, but I didn't know whether to get up or whether we're Saturday. And then I thought, ah, God, it's Tuesday, Schmidt. And don't forget, you can get a free delivery from Dilematra's next three days and two hours only given to our window you provide depending on where you live. You pick the time when it's convenient for you when they'll be there. Don't forget for a limited time delivery is free. So sleep like a baby like me and Miguel call 1-800 mattress. That's 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S for Dilematra's brand name beds for busy people and for lazy people to use. I am low. This is for 20-5-60. You way, yeah. Time to get it on. Hey, we end. It's John Walker-Dolind. The American tall band. Let's just say without getting into specifics. I'll be very happy when this year is finally over. I'm facing 20 years in prison. I'm coming in terms of the fact that I'm a traitor. I'm even starting to deal with issues of abandonment with my parents. But that's not the worst of it, dude. Today, I'll pick up the paper and they excuse me if there's no delky way to say this. Norical and Pakistani weaness. They say I was the lover of some business dude named Kizar Hayat. I will say this. I'll remember this guy. Only slightly. I think I met him in Friscoe. I was getting my high-colytic. You know, you don't want to mess the house when there's a chance you've unexpected company. But this whole thing is a real bellywaggle bra after reading the story. It answering 4 to 500 phone calls for people asking me to give Cyclox a back-rope. I finally realized this might be my father. Her maybe it was me. I sure as well couldn't do it now, though. I'm so freaking loaded with Zolaf, my compass is permanently pointing south. I'm not ruling out. The fact that I could be turned on by some man can. Look, I'm not saying I wouldn't have checked this guy out in the shower. She got a remember. A towel bin? You can take showers, D. I couldn't run from the stink and me fast enough. So just your mice. Not quite sure the story's accurate. Not quite sure it's not. Woohoo! 946 and 560 WDKM also they showed these stats last night. On the Donahue show, country by country, the Achilles by gun last year. Let over 11,000 in the US. Japan, which is a country of 110 million people, I think they had like 35. Canada had 165 all year. 11,000 they showed Germany had like 300 in France had 100 in order. And I realized that this is a country of 270 million people. But even when you like the story I had that one time from USA today, a few months ago, where they took like Windsor and Detroit and they took the stats and they proportionally per you know according to the population. And it's not even a contest right across the river. Because the Canadians are civilized, A, and maybe they're kind of silly in some ways with a curling crap, maybe they're obsessed with hockey, but they're civilized. That's one of the reasons I love living there. This is because they're like polite and they're not all off-tight and angry. What's everybody so angry about here? I guess part of the reason being angry here is being down here. I can understand that. I can relate to it. I'm furious that I'm here. I like that. That's how I feel about it. I know. This is crap. Somebody fascists me about a book here. It's called Red Deck Nation. How the South really wonder what about Michael Graham. I gotta get ahold of that. Because that's the F and Truth right there. I got 53 votes on a pool. What's your take on Guns in the US? Is the question day? It's too late. Guns that's run a country. 21 said that. That's what my vote was. Too many gunloving Red NX 11. Don't f with a second amendment. My guns got them in 11. Y'all come back. Only police in Hunter should have guns for. Only police should have guns three. No private citizens should have handguns three. That's our 50s rebost we got so far. Anyway, here's the review of this book that somebody just sent me. Well, Red NX has the South really wonder what? By Chris, I've no by Michael Graham. Chris Matthews review. He says Graham is the funniest political servant of country. Despite having lost the Civil War, the South has somehow managed to win the battle of ideas across our nation. Contends radio, top show host Graham in the Solaris collection of essays covering such topics as Enron, the public school system free speech, multi-culturalism, racism in the Supreme Tribe for the Red NX. Using quotes from HL-Nankin, Gallop, Post, that's in plenty of first-hand experience. The author examines this peculiar phenomenon with a single wit that's there is no one including himself. He begins by explaining the difference between the north and the south, specifically between South Carolina where he grew up in New York where he often traveled. He says New Yorkers pretend they've read books they haven't, subunners deny reading the ones they have. Drawing from his own child in Indixie, a land a few of you a few ideas nearly all of them bad, his college years in Earl Roberts University which combined the intellectual rigor of a Sunday school picnic with the sound theological theories of a slumber party. In the 27 years he spent running away from the South Graham widdly illustrates redneck infiltration and mainstream politics through conspiracy theories, victim mentality is witnessed by the popularity of such national programs of the Jerry Springer show and segregation in book readers won't be able to put down. I got to go out and get that today. Red NX by Michael Graham. Sounds great. Sounds great. That's the absolute epic truth, baby. Oh there he goes, knock on you, us again at this particular time at the ARR. Go wave your flag. Okay, get with it. Get with it. Because all of the things that Michael Morse said on Donning who last night were absolutely correct. He is somewhere on it. Violence, hate, anger. Maybe the whole country just needs one big anger management course. You think that'll solve the problem. Let me see it again. Skumbags with guns. Unacceptable. Skumbags with guns. Even you and RA nuts out there. No more skumbags with guns. No more goddamn gun show. See if I had my way we never have those spots on the show. Does God damn gun show spots? That makes me cringe every time I hear one. I'd rather have the cult spots that Adam sells on it. I'd rather have those. Then the awful shows for the gun show. God. But we have no shame. We'll tell you, you can advertise anything. Magnetic copper bracelets that'll solve your arthritis. Anything you want. We'll put it on here. We'll put any scam, any sham, any flint. As long as you give us some money, we'll put any crap on here you want. That's QAM. And when they're more proud of it, we just want your effin' money. 560, 50560, pound 560. And by the way, we're avert to the longer. I want to apologize if he had some really stupid people in our last night. I wasn't there, but I want to apologize anyway. Because dumb people don't get it. When you're left your own resources, basically the last five minutes in that game. After they scored the third goal, it was three to one to birth of the team said, ah, well, we lost. And so he might as well have been out there by himself trying to stop the five attackers in the other team from Tampa. He might as well have been out there by himself. A just gutless, disgusting performance. Well, the youngsters new organization. Okay, what are you guys saying? Sam Old Tired Crap. And again, because we got so many bad columnists in this town, even the anxious Dave Joseph who's always angry and pissed off and the sour push of the river was one, even he don't want to write the truth about how the fans keep getting screwed in the back in this town. The few real fans that there are out there. Stabbed in the back. Come in QAM. Hello? Yes, sir. I felt a show when I loved it. I was thinking of you too. Really? Yeah, I mean, I mean, the part about Toronto was really interesting. Yeah, that was guys on the house. Yeah. And just the collective mentality they have there. You know, you know, the little kids play with guns. But in the end, they care for each other. And that's really what, you know, so we don't have here, you know, it's all. Must keep laughing themselves, especially down here, you know. Oh, this is the word. Blue bull. And I'm moving to Ireland. I'm so happy about it. Great. You'll hate the weather. But guess what, weathering everything. I know people. It's all about the people. That's right. But I'm the sunman in for. Okay. Good luck to pal. All right. You'll be doubling your pleasure. He's moving Ireland at guy who can blame anybody for moving out of this third burger of a joint. This is really, oh, it's paradise. Anybody that will come on here and tell you, this is paradise man. Your life must be hell. Paradise? That's called rationalization by an old geezer that got kicked out in New York. Paradise. Uh-huh. 560, 505, 60, pound, five. It's the truth. Paradise either that or it's a joke that we haven't put on to yet. Give me a break. People that hate each other like poisonous ethnic thing that goes on here. There's never ending ethnic thing. That I even started to give that thing now too. What is, no speaking in place in plantation. See, ordinarily didn't bother me because I don't hang out in the county. I don't shop in the county. I don't live in the county. So I thought, wow, you know, you people are just overreacting. Just if you don't like it, stay out of there. Which I do. But not that I'm fighting at my own hood. You go to the gas station. You go in there to get like a little two or three tubs of Ben and Jerry's or whatever. See, I was thinking that before the show today. All this because I got balanced for like next. I shouldn't be saying this right now. Because it does work and it's very good. But we like to eat, you know? No, you, you, you assholes out there this, spending all this money on inventing new weapons and bombs and all the other crap. How about inventing food that really tastes great and has no calories? That you can just sit and eat like for hours and I, all day, you know, Eric would be sitting there right now and for all he already is. Hey, Eric, let's go on a goddamn website. Okay, put the sandwiches down. He's got a platter. You know, the platter that they bring us from Atlantic City, Sublima, Quiznos, Brought and the other. That's what he eats every day while the show is on. Not just one or two of the sandwiches, the whole goddamn platter. He's got a whole thing up. Pickles on the side. I mean, just cut it out, Eric. We'd like to keep your life another, at least another four years anyway. Then after that, you're on your own. It's very simple, it is crappy job, but he's linked. Carlos, until happy with the way they're by the way, sweetheart. He's getting really upset because he's the so-called computer whiz and he sees the way that you just kind of like, yeah, let everything go. It's like the rest of the QA. I'm just kind of like a days ago. Ah, come see, come, we know we need to give a crap. You know, I'd like to see some people around here that give a crap about doing a job. Instead of just thinking their way through life, sliding their way through here. Maybe we might have some real goddamn numbers in there. Instead of just thinking your way through crap. And these people are keep taking all of this time off. Man, that pisses me off. You ought to answer, huh? Audience tunes in every day. They don't respect the or George or something. They respect the hear me. They tune in every day to one of here. The Humphorney afternoon. They wanna hear the old man in the morning they're whatever his name is. They don't wanna hear people that like work in. Like, we're Monday three. They don't wanna hear Joe Rose, well they do. And by the way, Mo, quit sucking up to Joe Rose because he's bad mouth of you all over town too. He hates you. I just thought I mentioned that in passing. He was talking about the man. Oh, and also, since the big topic this morning was the mascot is was fired by the Marlins. John Ruth, guess who's responsible for John Ruth coming to town, which I would have really broke their heart of thing who this. Me. Rue College World Series in Omaha, Nebraska. He was the mascot for the software to gain cocks. He was cocky, was his nickname. He was probably why he got fired. Little too cocky. And I said to Ron Fraser, I did or one of those, here we go name dropping in and one of those Omaha stake houses that week. I said, you know, they got the greatest mascot. This guy's a panic. You ought to try and get him for the Hurcunes. And guess what, Ron Fraser being a great promoter and the innovator that he was? He brought him down here. So, first he was the Hurcune mascot. Then he was, what was he after that? And then I guess he just went on to be Billy the Marlin, whatever. But anyway, the Marlins can be a mascot. And that's worth like two hours of conversation this morning. Give me a break, okay, Mo. Good, got all mighty. When you're gonna start getting with it. It's time to get it on. Yes, so when's that gonna happen? WQAM. Oh, I knew. Yes, man. Yeah, I had a strange experience last night. I didn't see, yeah, I didn't get to see. Donnie, you became the cable went out, which was no loss because wish you were. So I turned on the radio and you're good study, Phil Henry was on. Are you sure? I believe it was him doing the funny voices. And now what he went into this high rate of hatred against the Middle East, specifically Iraq, that would put Rush Limbaugh into the left field. I mean the hatred. Really? And he sounds like he's off the wall. And has he always been like a right wing wacko? Phil? Yeah. He's the wacko. He's not right wing. He's the wacko. But he wants to kill him all. Well, Tom gets started. Well, that was, it's been a tilde on my back because I thought if you can. Yeah, it's just, it just will be in Phil. Don't take it serious. Okay, so then I want to say, when you read your articles, that's, I'm happy to see Clam. Really? Yeah. Yeah. You're informative. You're intelligent. And spite of yourself. You're very, very intuitive and high-minded. Okay, thanks. Thanks for the look, John. Thank you. Have a great day. Okay. And just, you know, leave it alone. Here's a fashion art. You don't put Charlotte Heston down. Remember, the only reason he's representing the NRA is because Lotpier commits him that sort of green is people. It's people. It's people. Do you sound of a bitch? There's nothing you can do with a gun. You can't do with a crossbow. Remember, you have to kill it before you grill it. You have to annihilate it before you grill it. All in all, we as a people are too stupid to be trusted with anything. Kill something else is arching right on. Archie. Good facts. There's another one that says 745 this morning on another station. There was a traffic report from that Twitter Richard Lewis Metro traffic. Who's that guy? We got in the morning now. Hey, it's the, the traffic is really having this morning. That rock and roll traffic guy, man. He's not a control. I don't think I've heard of you haven't heard of what you're not listening to. Am I in the morning? Oh. Oh. Well, I missed you. You better not walk out in that hallway, especially when you're around your teacher. You better not walk out there when I'm almost there. I'll tell you that right now. Because he'll get your ass fired. Anyway, it's his Richard Lewis had a classic screw up. A one point of the report he says backed up from an early morning crap or a crash. Back up from early morning. Well, how do you like that? I would think it would be the opposite wouldn't you unless it was an unsuccessful one, but never less. So thanks for the great fashes are pouring in here. I think we got our show back after all this time. Well, you know, I took some time off. His face if you want to was. We had like recycled as whole audience. Give him like a gigantic enema and believe me if there's any place in a world of needs and animates this town. 958 at 560 maybe a mole on his tube. 560 WQ and hey, let me tell you that that's not an appetizing way to go into the thing about balance for life. Because it let me tell you your little black sack has got all you need in the every morning. 6 and last night last night on channel for news. They did the final the summary of the thing the people who's in a wait. And they really didn't say anything. All they did was say the woman to work there lost 10 pounds and a month of balance for life. And she's doing just fine. And the beast has lost 58 pounds. I was thinking about this myself. He started out nearly 300 pounds back in the spring. He's down to 226. He's lost 58 pounds. He looks he's got like like color in his face now. Of course, it's purple, but never less. It's at least an improvement from the gray they used to be. And he's almost human now. And you can do the same thing. It's easy because you don't have to count calories. You don't have to do any shopping. You don't have to do any cleaning. You only have to do is open up your little black sack which they deliver right you do every morning by six. Inside the sack are three delicious gourmet meals. Two delicious snacks. And there it is. There's all your food for the whole day. All the choice you have to make is the little menu that they send you a pick between two alternatives. For each meal every day that you run a program. And of course, it's all scientifically balanced. The corned berry seers the zone diet, which is very complicated, but they do all the figuring for you. And because of the fact the food tastes good number one and number two, they give you plenty of food to keep your stuff all day. You don't have to worry about cheating either. So let balance for life. Take care of you. Call them at 9.5. 4. You don't have to charge seven on to get in if you don't want to stop on Macdonald. 5. 5. 5. Yion 9. 5. 5. 5. 6. Which is all your budget is ready. 6. Good luck! Okay. 4. 5. 4. 13. 8. 8. 9. 5. 8. With your fo'kay yellow teeth so far apart Can't believe the crandoly look what you've been doing It's the old mages like that probes what's the top Is you take cause you are at home If you need gold Is you to black and you're not here Oh this mark Does they like Are you shy and they're shoes from the leafs? Of the way you wash and pop the whiteies cause Don't you know say he trust you Condolidure Who can I realize of the greedy or the more But then he make you in all the white house bathroom The pussy's good toilet and then scrub the floor They tell you don't wear sandals God don't leave the home Your coat's your coat and they'll make them more rich and beautiful Your name is Lika You're smart, you feel cold If you're a P, what you feel that's all you spoo Wonder why you'll be flipping fast k You may be alive Yeah That's the dream you just lack your ester room That's when you're hit We'll move from touch to touch Drown to the roof Into bush and from here David Cracker asshole 10.03.05.60 That great article here somebody facts me another bed time story by Jimmy Brazling Newsday It says Bush would take a walk near home As national defense begins at home The snapper in Washington suburbs was a threat to them from within What then was George Bush doing Atlanta Daytona Beach Floater Rochester Minnesota down eastern Pennsylvania Bangor main Another such places where he makes these teeth campaign tours While in Washington the 13 year old boy shot while going to the school And a 35 year old father of two a classic American working man Was killed committing the sin of going to work early He made lunch sandwiches for his kids at home Then got to work early and was standing in the bus he drives at 545 in a morning And he shot dead from somebody out in the darkness And when in this nation did we ever close schools because of fear of an assassin Or have pupils locked inside their classrooms and allowed out a class only for the bathroom This was not to be forgotten ever as the white van and white truck disappeared in the year last night To be replaced by the reality of the big old blue and burgundy 1990 Chevrolet with Jersey plates that police hunted And the long hour started with two people being saw this is October 24th The man who was supposed to be directly in charge of the last three weeks was Bush's favorite Jon prayer book Ashcroft The attorney general I think he goes to church to pray against people Ashcroft could have had national guard troops from two states Merlin and Virginia around schools In New York we had national guard troopers on the streets of both the Williamsburg and Queensboro bridges Putting them at schools is more like it But Ashcroft was nowhere because the president was nowhere Bush had been taking a walk through silver spring or rockville That was his job he pledged to defend the nation he could have started by helping to repel the attack on Washington A walk in Maryland makes some tumult but security everywhere people milling And the president of the country walking walking walking to show the fear must lose and the one causing the fear would be caught soon and put away forever When John Kennedy was shot in 1963 Lyndon Johnson succeeding him was in the driveway outside the White House Falling in behind the horse for the march up Pennsylvania Avenue the Requiem mass the secret service and the people on the staff were against this two dangerous They kept telling him I'd rather be shot than let anybody think I'm afraid to go out on the street Johnson said somebody should have shown George Bush the words It was one thing that Bush was completely dissoned to the stainful of the World Trade Center He and his people hate New York he barely showed for a year and they blew the attack They blew it because any threats to New York war in a such vital interest New York has filled with blacks and Jews and all kinds of Hispanics and Asians who don't vote right Why don't we don't bother with them during election of my stop everything in concentrate on some threat to the place Now we find out that Bush doesn't even like Washington The reason is that nobody in the shooting area in Montgomery County towns voted for him His city was wounded and he went to downtown He did it so openly that he immediately caused the memory of his father about a cold January day in 1992 Trying to assure a public that regarded him as completely indifferent while while he sure was to their being grounded to their being ground down by a diving economy At the town hall and exit New Hampshire, Bush the other had to say message I care How do you like that huh Jimmy Brasslin and News Day there was written a few days ago, but nevertheless Sorry for that bedtime story, but it's a good one 143 votes on a poll what's your take on guns in the US? It's too late gun nuts run a country 44 don't effort a second amendment my guns got damn it 40 add figures It's the redneck crowd Too many gun loving redneck's 29 only police should have guns 14 no private citizen should have hand guns 11 only police in hand gun and hunter should have guns five What is it about this country where the average shush muck out there seems to believe that it makes sense They you got a right to be running around with guns And that any this whole in our way mentality it's the choice the first one is right is too late the horses way out of the barn And all the good intentions of people like Michael more already did he did accomplish one thing he got came art to stop still in bullets That's where the kids in column bind but the bullets in came art So no laws So when you send your kids down to the goddamn store to buy their comic books and they're uh paper mache crap out of it A hell or buying maybe they can buy a few bullets at the same time I Kmart remember what they said in a rainman came art sucks But at least they listen they stop selling WQAM Yes, they're okay I actually saw a little bit of Don he last night really Very good. I like Michael more a lot Actually this weekend CNN has has like this program called people in news They did like a biography on him like how he I saw a couple minutes of that but was almost over right was pretty good. He was he was great on Don he he's always great whenever he's on any show speaking about you know Social topics of any Did you have the cut 60 minutes of Sunday? Oh, which part of self parts of it this segment that woman who was from Turkey by the American working for the FBI doing translation Oh, yeah, and how they totally blackballed her right because they act like you know they hired her to translate for security purposes And then her supervisors is oh take your time translating the stuff because you know the work piles up Then we could go and say oh look at all this work backing up. We need more money for budget Right, and then yeah, she was another whistle blow right that's three on last week It was a very interesting segment and then you know they made the point her supervisor and other guys like her These guys end up getting promoted instead of getting thrown out on their ass You know like what are the priorities you guys getting more money for your budget are protecting us So it's just very nauseating to watch you know that type of thing I had a question like I know like you know the Harold and the Sun Sentinel have unfortunately endorsed the juxtapster But and this has been like they've been doing this for years the papers endorsing like one candid is over another But why is that they get to endorse but none of the like new stations on TV get to do endorsing like doesn't that mix Is there a separation between media and politicians? Not really I mean newspapers have been endorsing candidates forever and if if one of the local TV channels You know like channel tenders their editorials if they wanted to endorse a candidate they could do it Okay, so they can do it they probably figure it's bad for ratings so they don't want to do that But they could do it Right, okay, I was confused I wanted to say that you know I think regardless what you take calls you're reading articles You know I listen regardless I think you're great when you read the articles and I like when you add your own little in-set commentary Um, and whoever gets screw them they could like you know turn it off That's what I say screw them. Okay. Okay, sir close the night tonight is a small bill Right, thank you. You episode thanks Take care. There's another small bill. Madder reminds me that it's Tuesday It's well when I want you smirking about hey I need these reminders when you could just ask Charlotton has to demand when you need to be old and feed Ryle You start forgetting the important things when you get to be older than potent like Chuck has to That's why he's got a rub that gun man. He got a rub that shotgun. He's rubbing it. He's squeezing it. He's yanking the trigger nothing's happening though. He shouldn't blanks But nevertheless Yeah, it's a foul at symbol in America. He's limp guys out there. You see you got it in love with guns. I'll tell you right now There's a guy who couldn't get it up in a whorehouse and aims to them with 14 viochers in his hand 10 past 10 at 5 60 WQA Let's face it. You've been heard about fast train for a long time and wondered if it made sense for you. Well, it packs you simple If you have the dedication fast train will provide you with an necessary training to become a certified computer professional According to Time magazine the demand for computer professionals will continue to explode the average student completes the training in just foreshore Months attending school three nights a week once you've completely recidification fast train will assist you. They'll help you out in getting a new computer job Fast train invites you to come in visit their train through your counselor where end determine which track is ideal for you Call fast train 866 fast train to set up an appointment with four convenient locations now They're in Miami in Pembroke Pines for a lot of ill and their newest location in Kendall So there's one to be one nearby where you live don't forget to ask the career counselor to for list of students just like yourself We're currently in their dream jobs. Thanks to their training at fast train call them today. You got nothing lose, but that did end job call fast train 1 866 fast train That's one 866 fast train or check them on the web if you like at fast train dot com Hello, this is 42564 Good for you Hello Hello Hello The following is a paid public service announcement from the international white association. Let's face Most of us will never be rich. Hell, we probably won't even be successful and that's pretty damn depressing But as usual with every problem there is a solution. Hi, I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns They scare their shit out of people and intimidate them and it giving you whatever you want That's right handguns think about it needs cash from a bank don't have enough money for fear or the convenience store Takes chips and pretzels wire in it's all free if you've got a handgun Some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend kill him to simple solution a life complex problems Boy, if the do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the corner Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days who cares by the damn thing of the street just buy a lot of handguns It's a great alternative to working problems out and be considered a population control. Yes handguns they just might make your fans That's a 15 to 5 60 W to Q. I'm 186 votes on a full. What's your take on guns in the US? What's your take? It's too late gun not to run a country 59 don't f with a second amendment my guns god damn it 54 too many gun loving red next 36 only Polish should have guns 19 no private citizens should have a handguns 12 and only police and 100 should have guns six Here's a fact. This is by go by stupid white man by Michael more. I'll refund you the money if you don't like it Stupid white man I think talking about our president again Yeah, he's one of them in our governor. Oh and speaking of a john ask off speaking of fascist right wing extremists This is in the essentialist morning to scum sent also it might be true civil activist warrior polo observers A group of civil rights leaders in community activists yesterday took issue with the tuning general john ask crops decision to send lawyers and other observers to the polls and date county saying is poor record castes down on the effort The data lessons before coalition composed of the NAACP ACLU and black community activists charged that ask crop has repeatedly ignored evidence of discriminatory voting procedures in date and Florida as a result The member said ask crops decision to spend up to $10,000 and send 20 observers to date is suspicious Maybe they'll be doing like they were the Republicans that they sent down here were doing in 2000 Let us in let us in they'll be not gonna door down Let us in so we can fix the vote Federal monitors have historically played a vital role in ensuring voting rights especially in the south said Gehan Pereira a member of the coalition however this tradition has been broken by the department of justice under john ask crop leadership Instead the Department of Justice has done the exact opposite The coalition's members said that under ask crop adjusted to permanent refused to act when presented with overwhelming evidence The voters were disenfranchised during the 2000 presidential election The also released report card on the justice department to give it a failing grade for not addressing Florida's purging of thousands of voters from roles in 2000 Approving Florida's use of provisional ballots which throws out completed ballots from eligible voters if they voted the wrong precinct and approving the states posting of voter responsibilities of polling places So what they're trying to say is we don't trust that fascist Nazi son of a bitch on ask crop is what they're trying to say and they are And how about those phone calls people were getting that Jim knows nothing about Burgess Democrats getting those phone calls saying oh you can vote up till November 10th. Yeah, don't be in any hurry you can vote up till November 10th. Right Air be dirty trick in the book air be fixed the rationale of the sun and the guy named Miami here on the Sun Sentinel your voices in this community They endorse this crooked son of a bitch Man, you wonder why you just threw up your arms and he said how well that scroll it Nobody gives a crap anyway. I'll take care about his mage on an early bird dinners down here Make sure that nobody can have a good time. That's what this is all about just remember all new young people out there sexed rubs are bad guns are good just keep that in mind That's America for you 567560 pound five what am I getting worked up about see this is bad? I'm back on this crap again Get all worked up to a frenzy if I would just stick to my goddamn bedtime stories stay very calm WQAM Yes, sir Well, you just said you're gonna talk about it that little liar I want to tell you a little story about two years ago I moved over to Adam Miami area. I moved on the west coast and I put my boy through the school over there and Beginning of the year, we were like a parent teacher conference. They were talking about how to tell the fall is out of that cafeteria Papa's a kid So they're gonna get a replay What here is now two and a half point thing to go here nothing's been done. I thought what a letter said this their push our governor And had a timp about it and then I wanted a principle and they have Tim with him or another That it was all we got to think then and that's what kind of it. He said from the fake contractors They got to the 12 thousand dollars Go ahead and buy on the instruction business and I want you to know research The human college replaced the ceiling called three hundred ten dollars with a couple guys A couple hundred dollars labor So you're talking about six hundred dollars if you do the job Because there didn't go to the 12 thousand normal the letter to the governor and Act him can my company do it free a charge Okay, I've been a fundraiser race the money to replace the child that he took an eat and eat He went to me a lot of animals care, but this staff would be better than I'm not safe certified I thought I allowed the fix anything to the school there you go. They but you don't have you know You doesn't have a hand in your pocket And I I still did a he just commercial in him Picking out with all these gold kids It he cares about Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Asked right another letter asking how many of his kids went to public school How many of his dysfunctional kids went to public school and the answer will be a big fat all zero Zero the education governor my ass. I'm so motivated by this guy call and even though we had a bad connection Some of these letters are really good in the Sun settled this morning Editorial and bush lack integrity one word that's conspicuously absent from your newspaper's endorsement The Jim Bush's reelection of the governor's offices integrity Jim Bush ordered the disenfranchised men of thousands of probable democratic voters in the 2000 presidential election He along with then secretary of state Catherine Harris that bitch later signed off on the order that made Where well have been responsible for his brother George Bush's winning winning in quotes and quotes are like In quotes It is still not clear if those voters have had their right to vote registry and stated in time for the 2002 elections is this a man of integrity In the governor told the rate of October 21st. Jim Bush was unable to explain how he would fund the amendment limiting class size in public schools if passed Yet he's told his supporters that he has devious plans to talk to will of the people if the amendment is passed is this a man of integrity Ted Bush continues to claim the bill McBride is going to institute a state income tax even a McBride And practically says he will not bushes claim comes in a TV at that political science from FSE was termed the most devious type of campaigning in Florida Since clog pepper was accused of communist liemings is this a matter of integrity not to mention that a state income taxes prohibited by the state constitution Jim Bush touts student achievement based on the rising scores on the boom dog alone this Florida's comprehensive assessment test F cat the fact is that the passing score was lower two years ago to give the impression more students are doing better on the F cat Is it a coincidence that the passing score is going to be raised for the 2003 F cat after the gubernator election is this amount of integrity Jim Bush makes private jokes about people's sexual orientation is opposed to allowing homosexuals to adopt children yet in the gubernatorial the bed October 21st He gave no reason for his opposition is this a man of integrity Bill McBride may not have the political savvy of Jeff Bush You know it may not be able to crunch numbers to fit his political needs like Jeff Bush, but I'll try to govern it with all those abilities for one of integrity More on principle and a willingness to work for the good of all the people to this state any day rights David Keith Lee of Pomp and Obeets you go boy Let's go and David Here's one from NEMA and Dalton Abbott and Hollywood Bush backing fails leadership test It says to say that we were shocked and unhappy with your endorsement of Jeff Bush is an understatement Above all else integrity honesty are traits that are a prime importance in a leader the very fact that Bush and Harris Electively purged votes of minorities in 2000 is in and of itself Reason enough to have a to very least state neutral the fact that you endorsed him is the wrong message to give young people when we should be teaching them Theseancy honesty and integrity It seems to be all about money if you have enough of it you lie you cheat you steal and it's okay In other words, airs add wood scare tactics say that McBride will enact a state income tax when a state income taxes Contra into the Florida Constitution at the very least you should withdraw your endorsement even if you don't endorse McBride If you do not do that you fail the test of leadership and responsibility your faithful readers Perhaps your newspapers also leave wood of integrity honesty and decency very sad rights and Indian Dalton Abbott and Hollywood right on And it does like integrity there are much of gray robbers They're pandering what they perceive to be the way the political wins be blowing Here's another one Richard Foss and Margade writes Bush's record on environment He says I wasn't really surprised by the Sun sentals endorsement on Sunday governor jabush's Re-election your reasoning although contradictory and hopelessly flawed is yours and you're entitled to it I know to with interest ever the statement in your endorsement editorial and Bush also was shown sensitivity to environmental concerns I was surprised and it turned to a story buried on page 8b of the local section of the same Sunday edition Money for GOP poured in after factory decision Briefly according to your story governor Bush flip flop the inappropriate permit for a cement plant on the pristine your word Ish it to nucky river in sohani county after previously promising to oppose the permit for environmental reasons Specifically the contracting companies pass record of environmental regulations The quote your story campaign finance record show that would in two days of the deals completion on June 29 A hundred and forty grand contributions from some company executives and family members went to the Republican party Of the contributions 40,000 went to the Republican National Committee to help George W. Bush's campaign You've endorsed this man's election was second term as governor does the Sun sentinel choose to comment as Richard Foss and Margate and I'm sure they don't Because it's too embarrassing they have no justification for endorsing a crook and a thief and a liar like this a scumbag That's your governor and you know something like I've said before you people want to go out and support this crap You deserve what you get you deserve exactly what you get Jim didn't whip up to a friend's again very bad very bad just go back and we the funny papers 26 past ten and five sixty wq moutelli guys funny Jeff Cohen and pizza love he looks funny he acts funny All his stories all his sex capates are kind of funny and a very sick twisted disgusting way Anyway, if you want to great meal go over to the pizza lofty the original broadwood location on university drive and baby Right between Griffin and five ninety five right over by the rumors house Or they eat a lot of me who's believe you me and a pay for him too, so they tell me but I'm not too sure For takeout or delivery in that location call nine five four nine one six eighty eighty three different kinds of great pizza They got all kinds of great attention goodies all your favorites chicken dishes and feel every past edition of the Sun the best garlic rolls in the world And every Monday is the lasagna night Tuesday like the night is egg plant night by one of these dinners on these nights and get the second 45 bucks And the same deals are waiting for in the same great fresh food at the new pizza loft in plantation Right there in a corner sunrise and now be held right behind Walgreens for takeout or delivery in that location call 3 8 2 99 3 8 2 99 The kitchen is spotless the chef's know their crap. They give you everything cooked fresh to your order and you're gonna love the great food at the pizza Lock tons and tons gigantic portions at teeny tiny prices It may not be the cheapest in the world, but it certainly be the best the world famous pizza loft now with two great locations Jerry to me And That is no brings up backwards room Now get represents the Christian Reich but somehow got support from the Jewish journal kikes now they're all in the mass grave Very very deep and as white wears a necklace of the feelings for their tea Jewish gold melted down of course. Oh The Tallahassee millionaire Starting I'm Rick Himmler as jib bush Avogron as Columbo Ariana Huffington as Granny and Dan Burton as General Mercalsare But Tallahassee millionaire. Brough he'll buy a Zagon A All right 31 hey, the Russian say it's a guest In all this writing and writing I do about his dysfunctional family and his kids are keep forgetting about Columbo You know, she's small potatoes Columbo Would have wonderful story about well she just forgot about that stuff she demanded to clear it because she didn't want him to realize that she was on a shopping spree so she's also a liar They're dysfunctionally lie like crazy. Maybe it runs in a family. I think there could be it Big army chronic Factsy Bigger and he says did you know my wife is in the school system and during the summer months in my wife's office They couldn't use the company machine because they don't have the money to buy toner In regard to the F-Cats schools and teachers and also hyper about them at all they teaches What is in the F-Cats test and the students are learning nothing else that eight county school system is falling apart Thank you, jib Sir, cashically writes big army and here's that story I was ever before do before That's somebody facts is mean. I thank you from salon.com More Florida follies question mark jumpy Florida officials democratic officials were that phony phone calls might be a dirty tricks campaign rights Anthony York About 15% of the Florida voters are expected to use absentee ballots this year and just last week Florida Democratic Party chairman Bob Poe and Palm Beach coming second of director Lisa Ramsey said that we see calls reminding them to get their absentee ballots in by November 10th The problem courses that's five days after their do Immediately Democrats in the scandal where a state smelled a rat Posts as he grilled the caller when the call came to a cell phone on Friday the caller claimed to be a campaign volunteer for Bill McBride Then I'm a credit candidate for governor when Poe asked to speak to the caller supervisor Posts is the caller hung up on him. I immediately went back to the campaign thinking we had somebody out there with a bad script or something Post said we went through everybody and determined that at the time we had no live calls going out period So that's when I started getting concerned that somebody was tampering with the election. Oh, what an novelty huh? They couldn't be tampering with another election could they? Democrats are now suggesting this could be the work of political dirty tricksters Larry Noble executive director of the Center for Responsive Publicer says that while push polling The art of disguising on attack against the political opponents and objective opinion poise common He's never heard of this kind of deception before But if the caller falsely identified himself is working for the McBride campaign the call probably seems to be not only unethical But it is also illegal. This is the honorable the ethical the honest jab bush that they might be here on the Sun Sentinel indoors folks This is their last act of desperation If indeed this is a deliberate if somewhat lame effort to fool Florida Democrats trying to confuse the leader of this state Democratic Party about the actual day to the election is not the sign of an evil genius It isn't the first time such a poise been used during the 2000 elections in OMS ago Voter's received calls claiming to be from the county clerk's office Telling their absentee ballots were flawed and should be discarded others in the state received emails claiming that voting for Democrats have been moved to a different day to eliminate overcrowding at the polls It's still unclear just how many in Florida receive these calls state Democrats have sent emails to their mailing lists seeking reports of calls like a one-poise Eve but so far only one of the calls been reported both Bush's campaign in the state Republican Party of this about any knowledge of or connection to the calls Of course, but in the state still sensitive to wishes of voter fraud and access to polling places Democrats We're not willing to rule out that friends of the Bush campaign deliberately try to confuse Democratic voters Do I think Jim Bush paid for this? No said Tate sigh research director the state party do I think they have friends were smart enough to say hey We can do this and pay for it not be connected to campaign. Yeah Sci-pointed phone calls in South Carolina taking centered John McCain's family while those calls were never traced to Bush or Bush supporters McCain angrily blamed Bush for the calls the King's campaign responded with calls in Michigan to Catholic voters implying that Bush was anti-Catholic But the scale of the calls in Florida doesn't seem to come close to the anti-Macon calls in South Carolina or the anti-Bush calls in Michigan In fact post said the only other person complaining of such a call was a Democratic party employee in Palm Beach County Mona blabber says she feel that the call of Democratic Party headquarters last week from a call asking for Ramsey He said he was a volunteer for the McBride campaign. She said he mentioned the importance of voting and said the deadline to get the vote in his November 10 I just figured it was a clueless volunteer. She said if the call was unsuccessful and fooling poe The call to Ramsey was even more futile Ramsey said she's not even voting absentee this year In fact, she's already cast your ballot taking advantage of the state's early voting system The caller's number showed up on post-cautar ID with a San Diego California area code Post said he had other party officials have tried calling number dozens of times But haven't gotten an answer no more attempts to call the number by salon. He ordered only busy signals Yeah, they're probably busy calling Democrats One political calling center based in San Diego is competitive edge research and communication The firm's president John Neen's that said nobody is firm made the calls when told about the content because he said That sounds like a big fat violation of the voting rights act. We've never done anything like that Neen's that a Republican said is for musually handles Republican clients from the local city council races up to presidential But declined to name any of them He says Democrats may be barking up the wrong tree by trying to trace the call using the phone number on a color ID screen You can put any number you want is an outgoing number. He said most call centers use a T1 There's no phone number associated with a T1 line You can't make a call to that number so they may not be able to trace it Postes is efforts to trace the call have been feudal and he said loaded John ask crop. Oh, yeah, that'll do it Calling for an investigation. I think we got a better chance. There's writing to Edgar Allen Poe Party officials say Florida Attorney General Bobby butterworth and Democrats also looking at the matter Postes at all points in direct as somebody trying to tamper with the election What is the prize Trying to fix the election in Florida. What a shot on herd of unacceptable let us in let us in 23 to 11 at 560 WQM just calm down just take a deep breath like that just relax Yeah, shouldn't have seen down a few last night Michael more maybe made me feel like there's more than one of us who believe this way But all this crap all these crooks and not just on one side either. They're all a bunch of crooks It's just a question of which ones are most dangerous WQA M QM with music are we on hold on we want those me. Sorry. Sorry, Mr. WQA M Uncle me. Oh, I okay. What time does the if we game begin next Monday WQA M Here we go 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line WQA M Hello, hello, yes, sir Is this Neil sounds like me. Yeah, you got a great show listen Just the shift gears a little bit. Are you familiar with this aliphon this mariam aliphon the situation in for waterdale? I have the article right in front of me about the disabled lesions worker who was rehired after her Mary and elephant blew her out to so she could put her mother in there put her mother in there and fire to lady a cripple lady Right who was who worked there for 28 years and then She was of course prior to that all of thought was transferred so I think this was in repribution Probably yeah, but that wouldn't have happened if all of fun had been on your surrounding empty of mariam Elephant whatever in a white woman she to gotten canned so fast after the September 10 election that you couldn't say your name Absolutely absolutely that's all on the tell you Thank you. I got it right here. Thank you Disabled elections worker we heard there's the picture in a son sent alas morning on the front of the local section Catling wine started been a poll worker for 15 years of precinct 15 j in the mainland's of Tamarack before being ousted a paraplegic widow living on social security who lost her poll worker position in the primary to make way for Election supervisor, Miriam elephants mother will get a roll job back Miriam elephant right away. We get all the darkies running around. Oh, you try to pick on her because she'd be black We're picking on her because she's incompetent. That's why she had no business being in there Absolutely none any more than David Lee he has any business being there in Dave County boy talk about a couple of losers Catling winestein Probably will be again the clerk in precinct 15 j in time for next week's elections He'd been a poll worker for 15 years until she was replaced by elephants mother had him a kinsie Good old had him a Daniel. I'm in McKinsey the Environmental supervisor was the target of an ethics complaint filed the yesterday alleging she violated the state anti-nipotism law by having her mother Your mama how do you like that? Piring your mama Unbelievable unacceptable unbelievable typical a softball a demo Yeah, that's what we said your mama that's our message to you Miriam elephant The widow in a wheelchair since the age of five because of polio was rehired after Joe Carter Red ever plighting the Sanctuary on central article on Saturday He called me Sunday and was wonderful. She said Carter was taken over supervising much enough Is following the chaotic September 10 primary said replacing winestein was a terrible mistake He said it's my goal to put her back where she belongs What we love crooks down here. We love crooks and incompetent people that people that do all this nepotism We love mayor ping-a-picania I take it to the scan, you know the hero does this big thing out there mining international airport in the scandals that are going on all the payoffs That make any difference and then of course they turn on they wind up endorsing the same assholes for office all over again Doesn't do a bit of good I like how try to tell you this place is hopeless hopeless enjoy the sunshine although it's too goddamn hot Every day now see I thought I'd come back for a little while like to you know get a little cool breeze the fall breeze between your knees Every day we're setting new records 89 today Even the mosquitoes have left you don't understand it's so goddamn no seriously even mosquitoes took off They left town they went to Atlanta They couldn't handle it hot. It's humid. Maybe to affect your brain. Oh George. He ain't here today. Okay get out of here Quit sticking your damn head and the door you that damn piece is gonna get caught in there one of these times 245 votes on a pool what's your take on guns in the US huh? What's your take? It's too late gun. That's run a country 81 Don't f with a second amendment my guns god damn it. Oh, it's a change it again 84 like I said in the first one 72 say don't effort a second minute my guns damn it too many gun loving red next 43 Only police should have guns 25 no private citizen should have handgun 17 only police and how to shoot have guns eight 19 before 11 at 5 60 W a when you shop for quality footwear one name out of pop in your mind immediately That's brandy just like that song by the looking glass remember that song brandy Brandy refined shoe Brandy shoes and competent beats they've been going strong in that same location for a long time for a coupons a device and say that Can I say that no for a long time and they feature all the time names in a business like rock ports SAS very timid the naturalizer and a lot more and it would seem to me now I'm not really sure this because this special I don't know I don't want to read that special because it would be three weeks in row and I really have my doubts The sales people are supposedly back but is twice drafted races with his president and give me the new attack for Brandy's this week No, no, he is not So I don't want to say that this is on sailor that sounds special sale because I probably be lying You know and if I'm lying I want to be lying on my own not because Troy Stratford is vitty school off again You know that time in viggacies but out there must have rubbed off on him. They must have been rubbing his vault spot And anyway to make a long story sure you love shopping at Brandy's because no matter whether it's a big sailor special You can't be through every day low prices and the great service you get to brandy's open daily nine to nine Sundays Hinder five when you go into Brandy's be sure and tell him's Troy Stratford is a human bowling ball Brandy's a 1290 North Edible Highway in Poverty Beach where you just can't beat him for price election and service Love the watch boob's and button-bomking I got the sheriff when I told him he can kiss my queen He's a big shadow this town Because he's the biggest ticker I want To have sex Little kitchen going down Pizza I Shop for Sheriff I've got multiplication some bribe Although you are strong and powerful music on Japanese ways I've been a sophomore Again I've become a choir You are not young You are ourlude And you are gonna grow But tonight I want to find a word Leaving you from here Today I want to find a word More important God's boozoned guns, that's what they all about, baby. Pick your own, 13-4-11 and you know us too. Here's a facts about Carlos no less. Well first it's his calm down we can't afford to lose you. Just relax the facts you're just calm down yourself. I'm a good shape. And then it goes out about the guy with a ceiling towel doesn't know that those campaigns spots have perfect sets built in the studio so that you shouldn't turn look like he cares. What ceiling towels? Do you know what he's talking about? We don't know. It says who's the new flunky, he sounds like George. Cause you're a flunky Carlos. It's his old. All he has to do is talk about swing clubs he can be as disgusting as George. I don't think you ever could be as disgusting as George. Cause you're probably actually getting late once in a while. Occasionally there you go. He's getting a little action once in a while. I like George. We want to got late once in the last two years and boy who's a bad mistake. Oh, oh. Bad mistake, George. It'll teach you a thing or two. Here's another one of those letters to the editor. I want to leave a Michael Litt from Davy out in a son sent a list morning. This is a shock to think that you would take a man who helped his own brother steal a highest power in our country. You must all be Republicans or blind. You're endorsing a man who took away our right to vote two years ago, at least the right of others. There were plenty of other things, Javasduh, done wrong, but I don't want to chew your ears off. If you don't want to endorse me, Brian, find out and endorse anyone. It's a lot better than making fools out of yourself. Rice, Michael, Litt and Davy. That's right. How about being neutral, okay? How about saying if you don't like Bill and Brian, we can endorse either one of these guys. Because McBride is an unknown quantity and we already know that Bush is a cork and a liar. That would have gotten everybody a lot more respect. But no, we can't do that. Monkey, see monkey do. This is great. Why don't you have the facts? It's just foaming at them all. Just foaming here. The second amendment, myth and reality. And this is this is right on because all this crap about what the second amendment means. This has been twisted and perverted and distorted. Take it from me when it comes to being perverted. Warren Burger, former US Supreme Court chief justice said, the second amendment has been the subject to one of the greatest pieces of fraud. I repeat the word fraud on the American public by special interest group that I've ever seen in my lifetime. The second amendment says specifically, a well-regulated militia being this is a security of a free state, the right of the people to keep in Buramshul not be infringed. That's all it says. Warren Burger says the second amendment was the most misunderstood components of our founding documents while the gun lobby has spent millions of dollars to make the American public wrongly believe the second amendment applies to an individual's right to owner firearm. That interpretation is a falsehood. In reality, the second amendment applies only to firearm ownership in the context of a well-regulated militia and not individuals. When the Constitution was adopted, it created a single central army under the control of the federal government and did not contain provisions for the separate control of state militias. The problem with this arrangement was that organized state militias were seen as a necessary component of resisting invasion from other countries and countering rebellions and riots within the states. As a result of the unclear Constitution provisions on state militias, it was necessary to explicitly state in the billarights that well-regulated militias could not be deprived of their right to bear arms by the federal government. The second amendment was therefore incorporated into the billarights as a guarantee that the states could each maintain organized militias free from the interference of the federal government. Today, the national guard is formally assumed the role of the state militia and the state seat to it that there well enough armed. The national guard is therefore exempt from federal gun laws under the protection of the second amendment. When the NRA makes claims that they're the protectors of the second amendment, this is simply not true. By distorting the true meaning of the second amendment in such an extreme way, they are in fact working against it. Reformer U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice Warren Burger. How do you like that, huh? Very clear. It's very simple. A well-regulated militia doesn't say anything about wackos, crazy irresponsible people, drunks and schvarts who's in everybody else running around with guns. It says nothing about going to K-Mart and loading up with goddamn sports. It doesn't say nothing about that. And so Wayne Loppy here, it is another good liar for in all these NRA assholes. That's all they do in that business about when Bush got in. Well, we're going to have our office right down the hall from the oral office. And even though they may not have a physical office down the hallway, they might as well have. These are the people that stole control of your government and the public sits back. Like that. Just like that. While he's doing a good job on terrorism. Oh, yeah. Doing a hell of a job. That's why we keep having a new warning every day. What we have in the found this one and we haven't looked into that one and I'll kind of as reforming and they're like getting their act together again. And the threat, I mean the head of the goddamn CIA George tenets says the threat is as great. Now as it was before 9-11. And we're going, and yes, today, but we're just another isolated incident there in the University of Arizona. You remember I put that on the ear from CNN? Aah. Three a professor shot and killed because this 40-year-old student at nursing school. He was this grunnel because they wouldn't let him not do his makeup exams. So guess what? I'm pissed off. I'm going to go out to look like that one bit that we play. Yeah. That's right. Kills and people. Yeah. That's the American idea of getting it on. Don't forget, bullets in the guns are good all you kids out there. Killing people, killing things, butchering people. That's why the rest of us look at the rest of the world looking at us like a bunch of barbarians. And just like Michael Moore said, I'm not a don-of-you. This thing was going into a bad dead and just starting to drop bombs all over the place. Well, you know, so we're going to kill a few thousand Iraqis. We'll kill a few thousand American soldiers. We'll respect for human life. And any country that doesn't respect human life. And you know, they're more, if these people were concerned about the unborn fetus, they're about those of us who are actually alive, then we'd have something here. They don't give a crap. 20 of this for years. For 20 years, I've told you that. They don't give a crap about anybody who's actually walking around breathing in the life, but the fetus, oh my God. And interestingly enough, the fetus huggers tend to be the same people who are the gunlovers. Oh, and then interesting. 284 votes on a poll. What's your take on guns in the US? It's too late gunnot's run a country 94. Don't effort the second amendment in my guns, God damn it 85. Of course we just prove that you're wrong about that. The second amendment's got nothing to do with your guns. Too many guns are loving Redneck's 51. Only police should have guns 26. No private citizens should have handguns period 19. Only police and hunters should have guns 8. I mean, you know, like Michael Morse, if we got to have hunters out there. Go out and kill Bambi stuff like that. I 670560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Marlus line. WQA and hello. Hey Neil, I went last Tuesday night. How come I was the only eggplant at the fetus loss? WQA? Hello. Yes, sir. I went to see the movie on Sunday down at that Schmidt hole of a typical movie theater gateway. Yeah. That's way way too far east for me. I'll tell you though, it's I urge everybody to go out and see that I'm formed two lines around the block because it isn't as credible. You won't be able to take your eyes off it. Yeah. I mean, they show them quite a few clips from your lives down on Donnie here. Yeah. One of the best scenes in the movie by far is you saw when they took those kids into Kmart headquarters. The two kids are good. Right. Right. And all they would read, let him speak to was the media relations person. So they waited all day to speak to somebody from the company and they kept getting a run around. So you thought that was the end of the story. The next, the picture that's in your mind, the next cut. You see a picture of a street and here's Michael Moore watching forward across the screen and behind him is trailing all these television cameras and newspaper reporters from the local media and he brought them all back to Kmart and they agreed right then and there to take the books and munitions out of the Kmart. Excellent. So that was a great moment and it's a great film. I'm going to go see it this week. Hey, one last tip and detainment tip. Do you watch curburentose asm on HBO? No, never heard of it. Check it out. It'll be on tomorrow night at 10 o'clock. It follows sopranos on Sunday night, but they replay it on Wednesday. It's Larry David. It's you'll love it. Mojavid. Larry David, the guy that produced signpost. Mojavid? Yeah. Watch it. Okay. Okay. Thanks. Deal. Did he say Mojavid? It's time to get it on. Who says two things? Did you know that a minnesotaic register vote even as late as election day? Why didn't they not that policy here? Well, they don't want people to vote here. Okay. No, genistam warranted. Like a rhetorical question, I guess. They don't want you to vote unless you're one of theirs. And it certainly don't want you to darkies out there, vote. Also we says it doesn't bother me in the least that both angels have thought a newspaper is our supporting jambosh for governor. After all the both part of large corporate conglomerates made your benefactors are right wing policies of jibbinus brother, Georgie Jr. It's time for Jesse to remind us against the out of the bushes. The old Jesse Jackson, you know, he just is one of those people. We like him when it's expedient for us, you know. We generally figure that he's a scumbag and we can't stand him and exploitive, uh, hormonger whatever he is. But every once in a while he'll say something. We say, yeah, right on Jesse. Because at least he's got the balls to say it once in a while. That's what that brun said. He had the balls. And then he disappeared. Something like that. 1056 and 560 QAM. Here's got. What a hell of my always good rake the five men. Do have a nice night, ma'am. Why sure, but I don't have a good rake to my brother. Women don't rake men. And it's too bad. There is such a thing as an attractive man, you know, ma'am. Why do you know, you're crumb? What do you have some kind of fairy? Why don't you go beyond other monkey for the organ grinded down the hall? I'm glad to hear. What do you know about being queer in your war on? I've been rake enough to know the difference. Sorry, ma'am. Now see here. We're supposed to be poking about sports here. Not about good looking men. Just men in general and nothing else. This is sports radio over here. We love men. But it gets to say, have a bird. That. But just the other night, I saw this commercial on overnight TV. When his guy was growing out at the options, see. On the silent filled with scrippers that are brought, they looked okay. This guy in the commercial, I would say in an objective sort of way. He was pretty cute. You're laughing. Did I give you a play or a playoff? When this one is kept you ain't moat. Yeah. And the guy was growing on the island. You thought he was cute? Yeah, that's right. Are you asked me to be objective? I agree with. And you're still my punny. You want a good fight again? Oh! That guy had pinchable jaws. Oh, what's up, goddamn funny! That was huge! What? No! No! Morgan grinders once again. Yeah. You know, maybe I am in love with that mango much in speak. Oh, you're saying, you're a big, does wake up. Maybe my nose grow like a big, un-ray ball. Wanting me to buy a little bit just from the account for press that truth about a big, but I keep the nitty-buddy know how much I've wanted to get to his roots. Get out of here, horns! You're all nuts! You're all... Hey! I keep moving! Look at the bulging your pants, ma'am! Oh, no! If I move the wrong way out, ah! Hey, everybody! Mom has distance! Do the glue on your crum? Oh! That boy's no! Whether I wanted five, 60, over to QI have happy Tuesday to you. Former arts dyes is official parole to Chenle this by pre-sviews on homosexuality. How do you like that? This from the Boston Globe, of course. Boston Bishop, Thomas V. Daily. I'm sorry, Bishop Thomas V. Daily broke a New York formerly a top-breaking official in the arts dyes is a Boston. No, the Reverend Paul Shanley endorsed sex between men and boys, but promoted him to a head of a parish in Newton, Mass according to whatever's this made public yesterday. He was the head man. Daily who served as chancellor of Vicar General auxiliary Bishop in the Boston Arts dyes is from 77-84. Promoted father, Shanley, to administrative and acting pastor at St. Gene's parish in Newton, 84, where he allegedly went out of a molest and raped a number of boys. Shanley, 71, as we all know, was indicted on June on 10th Council of Child rape and six Council of Indies in Assault and Battery for Allegedly, sexually abusing boys from 1979 to 89. Well, if it's at St. Gene's, the boys were between the ages of six and 15. Shanley has pleaded innocent to the charges. Daily gave sworn testimony August and civil lawsuits filed by three men who claimed they were sexually abused by Shanley. It's saying, Gene's the same men are involved in criminal complaints against Shanley. And the deposition, daily acknowledged that he considered Shanley a troubled priest who needed help. He said he'd new Shanley had attended the meeting of the North American Man Boy Love Association, Namla, and it spoke at in favor of the group. But under questioning from civil attorney Roderick McLean New Daily City and received any reports of Shanley engaging in such activities himself. The only thing we're only saving feature of it is that we're talking about ideas and opinions in his promotion verbally to my knowledge at the time he wasn't involved in activities daily. So in other words, if you got a priest who's promoting sex between the men and young boys, that's okay as long as you don't do it. We're at great. See, that's another thing I could get Apple tactic above. But I'm beyond it because I realize that there's no hope. That's why this idea of my sitting here and pontificating your video like I'm going to change something. Forget about it as Mo would say. Forget about it. Hopeless. These jackasses out there and of course the church says, well, we're not going to go along with that. You know, the Vatican isn't too crazy about this one strike in your outfield because we got to be third of the priest. And how would the victims, they're only making trouble for us. They're crossing us a lot of money. They're bad for business. They're really bad for business. And you've shucks out there. You keep showing up every Sunday in the same old crap and rubbing a beads and all this. It's hopeless. I'm going to sit here and change mankind in human nature on some horseball radio show on a goddamn sports station in Miami. But a crappy signal. A period go a little, you know, a little sound effects for you. Make your field comfortable like you're on a right station. You'd drive up 441 and a goddamn the electric wires on here on a right given day. And you can't hear a goddamn thing. And I'm going to change the world out of here. Forget about it. That's my effect. Where does it? He's got the right idea. Anybody thinks you're going to change human kind. But go to about it. That's right. Here's Michelle who says, and she thinks she's been a change here, I guess. She says, I wonder what's going on with your website. I'm getting a lot of facts about this by the way. I reckon I know it's not your fault, but we'll blame you anyway. We'll blame you anyway. Just for a Lawley gag and on that damn website on a stuff that the Carlos worked out for you there on all those links. The only links like I told you before the show that he's worried about our Jimmy Dean's sausages doesn't only links he's working on. Doesn't some. He just they just throw the whole package in the guy damn deep fry. Michelle asked I was wondering what's going on with your website. I don't get to listen to you live except for today that I'm sick. Sorry, Michelle. So it always get my fix through your website archives, but the archives have been empty for what seems like forever. Had the archives of the show been done away with, please tell me that this Eric Dude will put them back up. Is Eric going to put them back up? No. This fault. Well, this one time it's not as fault because that has to do with this ongoing thing with the the strike. I mean, how long can that go on? The actors who do the commercials, the performers who are union members out on a West Coast, they're a bit on strike for about two years now. So you'll notice that during the live show, we have to exclude the commercial breaks and put music out of what we've still put music on there. I haven't heard it all. Yeah, we don't know. We don't know nothing. But in the meantime, if we put the archives on there, would certainly be just a gigantic. I don't know how to handle you do that. Let's see how like a whole staff of people deleting all of the commercials from the archive shows. Follow what I'm saying. Yeah, I got it. So that's why they know archives, which of course cuts way down on the number of people. We could be having like 400,000 hits today on a goddamn website. Not to mention the ones that people are snorting out there to guide them radio land. They're smoking it. They're snorting it. And of course, who the hell can blame them being in this God forsaken place in this tropical depression? 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. On all these are only isolated incidents. These are many of the cloth. Yeah. And that's why they were those dresses. Okay, easy access. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. I got that. I'd, I, hello. Yes, I'm here. Oh, I disagree with you. About. By the way, Neil, I hear an echo on the phone. I'm not on the eardor. It's you can put it on. I'm not on the crappy phone. Alright. My only problem with this, I don't like innocent people being shot by scumbag. I don't like voter irregularities as much as the next person. But my own problem with the direction you're going is that you don't want to blame the people responsible for. You want to pass the box. Pass the box of who? for the evening. Wait a minute wait a minute. You see conversation works this way. You may comment I responded with a question past the book to who and then you're supposed to tell me what you're talking about. I will tell you what I'm talking about. Please. It's not the NRA. Let's just talk about the NRA members. We're going out killing innocent people. No, no, no, no, no. Why are the NRA members are doing every time any meaningful handgun restriction legislation is proposed. The NRA fight it tooth and nail just like even a thing about finger tracing the guy at the emboiled site by having basically finger prints on him. Even though it's a very, you know, it's very dubious whether that's going to work or not. But no matter what it is, it's always this paranoid mentality they promote like, oh, next thing you know they're going to be taking away our guns. The NRA only panders to the craziest gun hunters in the world. And you know that. The average person who's a law fighting citizen does not go out and kill innocent people. No, but how about the average person who leaves their guns laying around so their little kids get a hold of like this little six year old kid in Flint, Michigan or like this. Is there once they're punished? It's too goddamn late. I'm not going to talk to them in a day like you. Okay. You're another one of these assholes who thinks that human life is worthless. Not a question of punishing its a question of prevention of preventing little kids from having guns in their hands and killing people. This isn't some some wild cock-eyed theory that somebody came up with. This is common sense, which obviously you gun, that's don't have any of. Oh, well, you know, they should have a lock box. Yeah, that's Al Gorewood, if we can lock box look what he did for us. He gave us the bushes. Thanks a lot, I had you idiot. You wouldn't use the Garstor Indian and your buddy, Jewelie Bremen, forgiven us this crap. Sure. Yeah, my kids sitting here and talk with you from now until next circus, and it won't do you a bit of good. Do any one of us in your mind is closed. All those kids out there and it's like we're talking statistics. We're talking about numbers. Not like we're talking about living and breathing human beings. We're talking about people. And like I keep trying to explain to you everywhere else I go in the world whether it's Germany or Holland or Italy or Canada anywhere. This doesn't go on. Oh, sure, there's a few people shot every year, a few. And here there's so many of them that go on, especially in the inner cities, you know, black still and other blacks. We don't care about that. They don't even make the god dead. No, it's paper. There's no room for it. The idea that everybody in their brother shouldn't and not only do they want to have their guns, they want to have as many as they want to have. They want to salt weapons. They want every kind of god damn fire. I'm this, everyone invented and nobody's going to tell them that they can't. It's sick. So one more reason we from today to vote against Bush. To to nip this bush thing in the butt. Why before it spreads any worse, this cancer. I mean, these are the people of taking over the country right wing religious extremists who want to lead us all down the path to arm against. We can all be dead blow up the god damn world for their cock-eyed religious insanity. And then people like this guy who want to make an intellectual argument about whether, you know, little kids should be getting the dead. He's gone. Oh, well, let's, you know, do this and let's do the make those people responsible. Like I said, making them responsible isn't going to be bringing back the dead people. Just like that little sparks are up there in Palm Beach County got pissed off because his teacher wouldn't let him go into the top of his girlfriend and by the bank, here you go. That's a solution to that. And so a good guy, a family man, a good teacher, which her name hard to come by, is you know, especially at these prices, a good teacher. He's dead. And his wife and family, they're not going to get him back no matter who we blame. I blame idiots like you, sir. That's why blame mindless simpletons who think that everybody is just a statistic. See, there I go get an assignment again. That's my point. Let's not going to change him. The Chuck Heston crowd. The squeeze in the squeeze in the trigger, they're cleaning it in. It's like a hobby. It's like the same thing with a guy that I'm working with people or so obsessed with marijuana. It's one thing to smoke it. It's another thing. It's a hobby. It's like your whole life and are sitting there picking out the seed. You know, get a life. That's my suggestion to some of you people. Get a goddamn life. I realize you're in South Florida easy to find one. Get on a plane and go somewhere like a civilization once a month. See what the real world is all about. Jesus, F. and Christ, man. 10 past 11 at 5, 60 WQAM. I mean, you can disagree all you want. I try to have a conversation with his guy. But when he starts his business about, well, you know, it's, you know, it's a, you know, it's a, you know, it's a, you know, it's a, a, a, a countable, a countable for what after the kids already dead 11,000 in one year 11,000. And let me say it again. You go to Italy. Nobody is walking around with guns except you who's got guns. The military and the carbonier and the police, they have guns. You go to Holland. Is there anybody walking around the streets with guns? No. No. They had like a triple murder there. It's one of the diamond factories there last year in the Amsterdam. I think there were three people shot and kill and you talk about big news because the other, it, it, it don't happen. It doesn't happen. Once in a blue moon it happens. Here it happens every five minutes. Every few minutes we can't understand about this little kid was shot and going to school. How about what we just had in God, then Maryland and Virginia for Christ's with a couple of crazy sparks in the God, then beat up old for priests, to roll their holes in the back so they can go around target, target practice. And all the blame and all the frying in these people ever going to do it. It isn't going to bring any of those victims back. It isn't going to bring them back. You got one shot at it. Okay, if I can use that phrase, you got one shot at it. Once you did, you did forever. Somebody draw a diaphragm for this asshole that just called, okay? Sir, you are. He's an asshole. Right. Come in the chapter 11 at 5.60 WQM. If you want to be healthy, Sir, pop an ole-o-wed in your post, I've been telling you about this great product for a long time now and some of you aren't even taking it yet. What you be waiting for? Ole-o-m'd vinditory informant, laser advanced combinations of pharmaceutical rate, olive oil combined with vitamins, minerals, and other nutrient scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help support specific health needs. Look for ole-o-m'd three new formulas which are to help you sleep, one to help you lose weight and one for your heart, co-q10, which is super stuff, by the way. I'll use in the benefits of the best olive oil you'll be finding anywhere. Ole-o-m'd isn't outstanding product as available at publics, records, wall reeds for more info call ole-o-m'd at 1-866 ole-o-m'd, that's 1-866-66536633 and you can also find them online at ole-o-m'd America.com. If you visit your nearest publics and buy an ole-o-m'd product in Broward or D. Counties, you can get you a coupon for a free, Larry Cocher, Bobblehead, Delbal Supplies, last in what more could you want in life than that? Don't forget to visit their sampling provision at its fourth standard if you send them in the offensive plan to home to. Pick up your free ole-o-m'd samples and product information and start feeling healthy again by popping it in your post. Love it 17 at 560 WQM 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and wireless lines. We have a number of 688 votes on our poll today on theorange.com. What's your take on guns in the U.S. basically want to go and take a wicked crap out to that? Oh don't f- with the second amendment my guns God, Demon 129, that's we got some fake votes on air either that or the NRA nuts are spreading the D.C. team word amount. But of course they're 35% the other 65% don't agree with it, two-thirds. And those are real votes. It's too late gun not to run a country 19, too many guns loving Redneck 62, only police should have guns 33. No private citizens should have handguns 24, only police and UN. This is the way to be going right now. WQM? Yeah, Neil. Yes sir. Hey I got an ole-fond story here on the fecotted. They did uh when they were doing the county commission investigation about where the money went. A lady stands up and goes their name, which wasn't all in fun, and starts saying, you know, I want to say of all the good things that she's done over the years. And one of the county commissioners goes stops, or goes, can you recognize yourself again? And she says her name and he goes, no, are you her mother? And she goes, yes, what's that cop to do with this? What's that got to do with anything? I could not believe it. Only in South Florida. Thanks for the good news. Okay, back. Say, how to miss elephant. Okay, let's see. Guns at a problem. Here's a fact that looks like an O'Shaun Procure, a Procure, said, quarter of a 1997 survey of state prison inmates. Among those possessing a gun, the source of the gun was from, a flea market, a gun show fewer than 2%. A retail store or pawn shop about 12%, family friends, a street bar, illegal source for 80%. Victimizations, including a firearm, are presented 8% of the 6.3 million violent crimes of rape and sexual assault. Well, they're not saying you don't get raped with a gun. I see this is again, planned games with numbers. Okay, planned games with numbers. You don't get raped with a gun and robbery, of course, well, good luck to you. Okay, people usually don't get robbed unless somebody's got a gun. Only 8%. So we're only talking about those 11,000 lives. Again, they're just statistics to this asshole, whoever affects me this right now. More NRA propaganda. Save the paper. You're not just spinning your wheels if you think you're going to have any impact on me. I know better. Even places where they're like got their heads on straight where they're saying people walking around. These and people, people don't want to blow each other away and we tend to get fired up and pissed off. 5. 5. 6. 5. See, a lot of you folks who never get out of town very much, you know, maybe you ought to steal some money without a gun, of course. But go like, you know, hold up a 7.11. And, you know, get some money and get on a planning, go and spend some time like in, a brand, sir, Germany or Italy or Switzerland or Netherlands or Sweden or Finland or Norway or Canada or like a whole bunch of places where they're not blowing each other way in a street, everything with guns and little kids aren't like picking up that he's gun in the guy they embed rumor somewhere and going out and taking it to school and blowing his schoolmates away. It doesn't happen very, very rarely, almost never. And the fact that the public in this country accepts this like I've told you before a Zillion ton, oh, this is just the way it is. It's not what we can do about that's pathetic. I'm not talking about a bunch of apathetic assholes. But boy, what time is that God, then pre-game show start, New York? What time's the ballgame start? This radio station is the epitome of what's wrong with America. I'm glad that I work on this radio station because 16 hours a day, this station identifies as what's wrong with a guy named people in this country, Bambling idiots. Well, you think that if they can get a new right tackle out there and maybe open up to a running room for Ricky? Yeah, right. Who'd I help give a flying crap about Ricky? Ricky, Digi. Wait, where can you get a haircut? You scumbag? Man, that's all these people know. And what's your take on that game? This Friday, Hank. What's your take? You like the ovaries? You like the underse. Should I suck with this? Or should I tease with that? Yeah, suck this. That's the limit of the American mentality out there. And all this bullcrab about 9, 11, and everybody waving a flag. And they're all whipped up. They could give a crowd they want to do as we safe. That's all. And they don't even care about that. They're just hoping for the best. They'll listen to any goddamn bullcrab to government pedals. I mean, just like this Iraq business. I mean, they've been making happens. They go, well, they come right out as far back as January and tell us, oh, we're playing the war card. And then in August, well, you know, you don't sell new products in August in the dog days of summer. We'll wait till Labor Day. We'll wait till the anniversary of 9, 11, and then we'll come up with a big pitch on Sodom as the evil doer. And the threat with his weapons and mass destruction, bullcrab. Bullcrab. And you know, as soon as North Korea said, well, guess what? We got him. We already got him. You see us invading North Korea? No, no, we're talking nice to them over there. We're making nice. See, we don't want to invade anybody that's already got him. Like Pakistan. And just like that one bit, we got that's the place we should have started with Pakistan. So once we invented the Taliban, WQAM. Why are you married at the 80s? WQAM? Yeah. Yes, sir. How you doing today? OK. See, we'll decide up to stop, huh? Yeah, no, why should I be fired up, you know? I don't know. So I can wait for the ball games to come on. Yeah, it's not really complaining. No one listens around here. I've been a long time. So I look to be here. I now drive up North and I can only get you up. I call you up on the phone here. It's talking about, yeah. But it's great to hear you hear your voice. It's a long last thing where you've punched back in. OK, there he is. There's the punch pack in guy. You okay? Yeah, I'm doing good. I haven't got you a long time. Good. All right, you take care. Have a great life, pal. Keep driving North. Get out of this place. I'll be driving North. OK. I'm not good luck to you. That's the punch pack in guy. He's pretty good guy. Look pretty good. I remember that. But he's probably getting old and probably at least 25 now. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. What are you laughing about, Mr? 5, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line? See, that's one thing about women. You know, it's the God-worst and mysterious with women. Sometimes they get like in their 30s and 40s. They actually look better than they did when they were like 20. But with men, they start like getting the 20, 25. They start with a male pattern. Volness. And there are no starts getting longer. And honestly, they start getting really grotesque. They get Jason Gidrick syndrome. That's got, again, dickin' with us one more time. You know, because you got a wicked sense of humor. WQAM. Yes, man. I still enjoy your show. You're wonderful. I love your sense of humor. Yes, I am. I'm a panic. What if you're in your 50s? You still look good? Some people do. I never look at at any points. So don't make any difference, my 8s. See, I'm useless. Cause I never look good from the warm out. I love your honesty. I love it. You take care. Okay, you two, thanks. Bye-bye. Okay, and how do you like that hollow thing on the phone? Well, it's this phone system. See, now that we're starting to take calls again, now the phone problem is we'll creep up again and the engineer is moving like that. George Corse will be huddling with his mentor there. Bob removed mini Bob. You know, he'll be huddling with old Bob. And he'll be making all kinds of cracks about screw-in and the, ROOOO! I don't know how that old fact changes his mind every five minutes. I didn't change my mind about Amsterdam by the way. That was, say, you guys, I'm gonna put that on a record again. I was willing to have them send all that equipment back here. Because unless I can get like a negative ion machine or one of those air filter things in my studio over there, I'm not doing shows there. Because when you're in a basement, I'm not sleeping in that basement either. I'm gonna sleep upstairs in my apartment over there. Because downstairs is moldy and mildew. I mean, you know, Amsterdam is wonderful, but how long is in the stone age? You know, how about knocking someone else's old guy then, buildings down and building something new. They don't have to be like chirized condos like here, but how about something? All those old rowhouses that are like five and 600 years old, rotting and creeping and smelling and nasty. Even the guy damn spires moved out. It was so mildewy. Yeah. They left a note. Something about Charlottes Webb. Get outta here, okay. Crazy old fart. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. Now Tom Jicka was right part way. Now the business about where I do the show that he was totally wrong about. But this idea that I'm gonna save the world by sitting here reading a bunch of crap here. I mean, you know, I got a few bedtime stories like the ones I read today. We'll do that every day. But take some of these great phone calls on here. That's what it's all about. So that it come sitting hours every day pouring over to computer and working and worrying about this website and the guy didn't internet his down. And then how would that? Who the hell needs that? Nobody gives a crap about anything here anyway. By the way, let me say it again because I won't get one other call on it. Bobby the one go your god, baby. Apologize to him for the assholes and those stands last night. Give it him a Bronx cheer. Oh man, you people, you ought to stay home. That place would be better off empty when and then the assholes that are in there. 13,000 my ass. I saw it on television. There was like 8 or 9,000 there last night that was a lot. That was a lot. And of course I can't blame too many people for not going. Because who wants to sit in the midst of that? crappy performance, crappy team, the youngsters in the organization and, not only that, the crappy fans. I, as long as I live, I'll never forget that one asshole last season. He's talking on his self-hot and the game is going on, keeping my, he's standing up and he's talking to his buddy up on or off to his left there. And the upper, where were the hell of guys said? And he's talking to me. He's got a beard one hand to self-hot on the other hand. And he's standing there and stand. I finally said, sit down. And he turns around and says, why? Because I said, because I want to see the game and all of a sudden he said that. I mean, what a concept. He wasn't able to see the game. He was there to be a professional asshole to talk with his buddy on the sofa. Oh, I'm down here. Oh, oh, oh, yeah, you know, even his dopamine won't talk to him this guy. Come on, Warl, hit somebody. I should have hit him. Come on, Pete, there's a guy who can take out. 26 after 11 at 560 WQN. And if you aren't getting a good night's sleep anymore, guess what? Probably because your bed sucks. Your mattress is had it. Well, if that's the case, you probably feel him cracking every day too. Because the fact you're not getting good sleep. Well, you want to get a great night's sleep every night. Do what I do. Do what Miguel did. And that's called dial-o-matchers Miguel did because he got his mattress free. Oh, brother. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll be guaranteed a great night's sleep. D'Alamantrisker is only top brands like Seely, sort of Simmons King coil, and every size every comfort level, which means the mattress you're looking for, the exact one, is in stock ready for immediate delivery. And like I said, the very, very fugal Miguel, he got himself a new bed and he's loving it. He's screwing his brains out on it. That's what he said. He should not do anything else around here. I'll tell you that. Nothing. The folks in D'Alamantris did when they said they would know BS, no excuses, no bait and switch. Just a comfortable relax tonight's sleep for the love of Miguel. And his lovely fiancee, who I understand is pretty hot. When the crew from D'Alamantrisker's got to his house, they set up the new mattress, took away the old crappy one. Then they hid in the closet so they could watch, kind of like a Kathy Willow's house, they said, man, you couldn't believe it. And said they were doing positions we haven't even heard of yet, even the Commissutra would be shocked. And now through the end of the month, only three more days you can get a dial-o-matchers delivery free. That's right. You can get your delivery on dial-o-matchers free in just two hours, or any two hour window you provide depending on where you live. Like new to two, one to three, two to four, etc. Don't forget only three days left to the end of the month, which stays the 29th. So it sleeps like a baby like Miguel and I are doing. And one of these days, it'll be very close. Call 1-800, what's wrong with that? 1-800 mattress now, 1-800-MATT-T-RES for D'Alamantris brand name beds for busy and horny people. LINE AND LOCO! We are sports radio 560s, you and you, AEM. Abelon Rate Me. We're class foods, part of the Philip Norris family, and we know what your kids want for dinner. We're class nicotine and cheese please. It's class-owned creamy, delicious processed cheese, melted over pure, hugely addicted nicotine. Kids love it. It's the nicotine. It's the cheese. No, you're right. It's the nicotine. My kids can't get enough of class nicotine and cheese. Where is it, you old head? Where is it? Now Billy, stop digging under those secretions. I've got more nicotine and cheese right here. Oh, great mom. Mmm! Class nicotine and cheese. It's the nicotine. Class nicotine and cheese, part of the Philip Norris family, we keep trying to distance ourselves, some being an evil representative of tobacco-related death. But somehow it just isn't working. I'm 32 at 560, I'm the cranksillated again on our website today. It's going to see we're keeping them off the streets because they could be dangerous. And of course they always take the contrary vote. So I would imagine by one o'clock we'll have like 7,000 votes for don't take, don't end with my second amendment rights. Which is okay because what's that happened? The old DQ, maybe we just qualify that category. You're out. You're out. 461 votes don't end with the second amendment. My guns got them in 198 of which I'd say about the 100 are phony. It's too late gun, that's run a country 124. Ooh, changing again. Too many gun loving Redneck 70. Only police should have guns 34. No private citizen should have handguns 25. Only police in 100 should have guns 10. I hear the facts see. Some of you folks are a little bit politically confused. Because this guy, this fact is all over the place. I mean, all Rocco, Rocco, I'm sure you're a good guy, but your facts is all over the place. He says, who said I have as many guns as I need, but not as many as I want. But we'll still grab and Democrats, they'll millered in our conventions. When he gets asswipes like first of all, the Zell Miller from Georgia is not a Democrat. He is by name. He's a right wing, Dixie-Crat asshole from Jojo. K's a cracker. A cracker. Mike Moore's not redeem himself for supporting me during 2000, but appreciate the fact he's not a partisan. He's a thinker. Well, Donnie, who did the same thing yet? Two Nader liekers on their last night. Shame on them. But like I said, I don't agree with him on everything, but it was a brilliant show, it was a great show. And I admire the fact that this guy got together with a bunch of thinking people. And for a course, came art in a squids selling god damn bullets for use and killing people. If you want to show a cell shells for a hunting, that's one thing. But to be a cell in bullets, like the kids at Columbine bought, which like I said, it's the first time I ever heard that. That they bought the shells that they got, the bullets at teamwork. And they went bowling. I never heard that before. I'm a little bit slow. The NRA is the ultimate excuse, make racist for those guys. They're always out there trying to shift the blame for them from the NRA's. Seeking to make any gun, okay, for anyone no matter how immature, stupider and competent. Did you notice, I'm Donnie, who last night when they showed Chuck, he has not the convention rallying the troops. He wasn't holding a tech nine or seven in it, special guns that were especially made for killing human beings. He's holding a civil war rifle that fired maybe one shot every 30 seconds. Edible, Rocco. Of course he forgot where to get the other ones. Robert Blase Lourer wants to quit. See, I started with this at nine o'clock and forget about it. Got hooked up with all this other crap. Monday yesterday, Harlan Braun, said he was asking the judge on the Robert Blague murder case to let him quit as the actor's defense attorney, because the former Baretta and Argym star was going to do a TV interview against his advice, but authorities now say the jailhouse interview, which would have been taped as Friday with Diane Saur will not be allowed. Thank the Lord. Thank the Lord. Oh, good. I tell him I was interviewed of Robert Blague. Will not happen while he's in custody of the LA County Sheriff's Department of Sheriff Lee Baca several hours after the spute between Braun and Blake was made public. Braun has represented Blake since his Blake's wife, Bonnie Lee Bacley, was shot to death name. See, and George ain't here today, so we don't have to hear about the bitch deserved it, okay? Monday before the Sheriff's Office next Blake, but you're going to say the same thing. You got that smray. You're going to say the same thing to bitch deserved it. You're not fooling me. You're spixer all the same. Much of sexist bastards just use him and lose him and abuse him and shoot him. Monday before the Sheriff's Office next Blake's plan to tell us to around camera Braun told reporters he had met with his client and expressed his oppositely interview. He insisted on doing it if you on camera Diane Saur Brown said, I think it's insane for a person charged with the crime to go on camera to answer questions about the case. No lawyer in the country would allow defendant to do this. It's up to the judge presiding over the case to decide where the lead Braun resigned. There you go. Poor Bobby Blake and like I said, man, you talk about a white here. Chase, he started to look like what's his name. They're on PBS on CNN. I'm CNBC. What does his name? He wouldn't know. Louis Rookauser. He's got the powdered wig, you know, like George Washington and Moa Howard David. WQAM. QAM. Turned off a little bit later. Let's see how I was. QAM. Okay, they're Dick and they're Dick and WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. They're all crazy people. No, I got it, right? Yeah. What's the crazy people? They listened that we were find out that Russian gas what it was. Yeah, was either with heroin or morphine. No, I think with the president's name of Putin we can figure it out, right? Okay. Yeah, it was pretty funny. Pretty humorous. See what I'm saying? Everything's a big joke. Ha, only 117 people. That wasn't on his skin. So it was okay. It was not on his skin. Big joke. Very funny pal. See what I'm saying about Americans attitude to a human life. Ah, you know, all the Spencer bull who cares that you're bunch of russkies anyway. Who gives a flying crap? Come on Easter, come on Easter. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. You see it's searching for an intelligent comment in this town is like looking for a goddamn needle in your ass. And Josh Friedman's ass. The whole goddamn army, the Navy, the Air Force couldn't find anything in Josh Friedman's ass. And quite frankly, who would want to look? What a thought. WC, AM. Oh liberalized. Yeah. Oh, burn over again. Okay, well, guess what? Don't listen in, okay? Everything on his show is a liberalized, but don't listen to it. Liberalized. Another gun nut. He's sitting out there squeezing it. WC, AM. On, you heard the story about the breeders' cup. Somebody hit all six tickets in the tent. No, I couldn't care. Let's call up one of the sports shows. We don't talk gambling on his show, Kacer. We're not interested. By the way, you should have seen that third race in Pompano Park. We're not talking gambling, okay? We're talking important stuff. And you're a simple dude. I don't give a crap if they hit 19 out of thought of a 18 at the breeders' cup. By the way, you know, so we had another horse breakdown. I had to be humingly destroyed. Every year at the breeders' cup. Every year it seems like there's another race horse has to be destroyed. I just mentioned that in passing. I'm not saying we're outlawed horse racing, because then we won't have anything to bet on. Except stupid ball games. WC, AM. ADI doing it. Okay. You know, get a little concern about if you want to outboard it. With all the events, we're going on with this microphone thing. There's no far forwarded connection. We, uh... No, you do your wrong. I've been running the two guys passed through my international. I and S had a hold of them and they wrote them something through their fingers. And then the other kid, the male-vok kid, Malvok, who kid went to school in Fort Myers for 39 days. There's always a South Florida connection. All right, so we did keep up the tradition now. Absolutely. All right, we'll just check out what's on what's the philosophy with the wheel. You can, you can sleep easy now, okay? All right, but okay. All right, all right, we don't want to be left out. When and doubt, don't leave us out. That's our motto here at South Florida. If there's any crap that goes on in the world, we want to be included. We want to be at the forefront of it. Whether it's a goddamn terrorist, the lunatics, to goddamn maniac, hijackers, they're hanging out down here. They're going to strip clubs. They're doing their thing. They're buying a guy named Inquire, we're up there in Lantana. Five, five hundred and eighteen votes. I love it. It's getting this, it's already just qualify. How do you like that? We already de-cute that first category. Very sorry about that, but it's like when you're in a horse race, you cut across the infield. Sorry, it's the old d-q. When the jockey throws out the weights of the starting gate, the old d-q. 21 till a noon at five, 60, W-q, and we got the mad dog, the angry puppy, the hysterical hound, want to clock you in the manage, we're doing the show at Schulers today. You know, those shows the chulers don't really sound very good. I do the show in Toronto and Amsterdam, everybody says it sounds like I'm right here. And some of the days at Schulers, it sounds like they're in a barrel, you know? Not good. But anyway, I just mentioned, I don't want to get our friends at Schulers, I've said, God forbid, hey, Goldberg 3 to 7 with Rob Conrad 5 to 6. I'll be tuned in that out at 5, and then back at 6. And then Orlando, oh, the big O at 7 o'clock, because we have, I guess, Joe must be busy. Joe Z. Orlando, Elzagiri, the only person we could put on the air, even more terminal in Joseph Gaki. I mean, although he sounds at least, you know, a little animated, but he hasn't got a clue what he's talking about. Any K from GA, he'll be able to gambling show it's end of clock and Joe and Mark overnight. A clean slate, because there's no more baseball, because the world's serious B over. We got no hockey game, that Panthers had Dallas tomorrow, any interest in that. No, no. Before I leave here, what a clock I'm going to get a panther call, okay? One, just one. This has been going on for 10 years, since we had the only year when I had a whole bunch of calls, was that big year when we went to the finals. That was the, hey, why love the panther? Yeah, for our running phony, efforts man, who are you people getting phony? Phony, baloney, we loved our winners, whoever they are. And tomorrow night, it's the Dallas star. They're playing against how you're like that. Here's the star, Tom Laman, just ask him, he'll tell you, I'm a thar. He said, hello, the Pontiac GMC. He says this year at Halloween, no tricks, just treats announcing the great 0% financing on a Halloween event right now at Halle. You got that? That's right with the proof credit from Halle Pontiac, it's 0% 0 down payment. Like slow down a little bit, because this is very, very important. Get 0 down payment in 0% financing up to 60 months. On all 2002 Pontiac and GMC models and select 2003s, or take a wee bit of up to 4,500 bucks. How do you like that? They jacked me, they've all the way to 4,500 bucks. Here's even more treats. Not tricks, 0 payments for 90 days, as always, at Halle at 0 hassles. Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs, including the on-voi voted by Motor Trends SUV in the year, and the all new Pontiac V-S-U-V. That's a pretty damn good. Halle, it's also got us to put us on beatable selection of dependable use car structures SUVs, and credit problems are never a problem when you do your car shopping in Halle, because they'll cut you kneel no matter what kind of a schmuck you might be. It's the great 0% Halloween event going on right now at Halle Pontiac in that familiar location where they've been doing it right for 35 years. 134.01 South Dixie Highway, that's US1 right across from the falls open every day, seven days a week. For more info, call 305-238-4040. 305-238-4044 Halle Pontiac GMC, who still say whether you like it or not, we are professional-grayers. My life and love calls. This is 4.256. You're way too way, yeah. Few floods back now. Next week, on the Supreme Airows. Gammaula, I'm not gonna explain to my nature papers. Tell me you got a sign. I'm gonna explain to my nature papers. I'm gonna say you got a sign. I don't get it because I'm saying it. I'm gonna explain to papers. The Supreme Arms. Look at the Empress, you're my tires. My tires are soft. We're going to may run in my tires. Wait, did you install a lot at all? The Supreme Arms. Who would tell us gunolee? I had my most done on that gunolee. AJ, you fat little, and you with the last gunolee. That was angry, really. Oh, Jesus, I wanted an ancanolee. I had an ancanolee. The Supreme Arms. Christopher, let me talk to you. Yeah, talk to this guy. Go past me, my butt will bang. What, what, talking to my butt? Did I look big in these condom pants? I'll eat it a wax and lime. We don't do that anymore in this show. It's all about my nature papers. It's an ancanolee, isn't it? Pressure and a tires. The Supreme Arms. Should have been me and heck off. I love them. My three canters. Bobby, can I fix you some chicken, my salad? How about some ginsengilly? That's all. Now I have about past and beans. The right chin. It shouldn't be that cup of... I love them. Go my camera. This is the Pranos. David Chase has done it again. Who could believe he could take a fast-paced ground-breaking series and make it look like blossom? Right? Remember the girl with a big horn on the kid who said, cool, metal. Can you see my underpants? My underpants? We're underpants! I'm 46 at 56. You never came colonel. This is on a phone with his bookie today. It's incredible. You've been on a phone for almost three-showing hours. What is that? He's been on a phone with the beeslees. What is that? For the Enrique tickets that everybody's at the corner pick them up. We're not going to do it a mail-in-out. Who said we were going to mail them out? I thought we were that we could mail them out. How nice of you here yesterday. They're all going to have to come and pick them up? Yes, I did. That's okay. I understand. You know what? There are three bees anyway. So if they get them, I'm fine. I'm not going to come to them. Thanks for ruining my show yesterday. What he always was okay. We heard from a lot of living and breathing people. At least they sounded like probably the same three people. This is a great fact I just received from Jeff. Great going, Jeff. You got your thumb right on, baby. He says, dear Neil. Yesterday around noon, I left a lively city at Las Vegas where people are all happy and joyous as always. Twice a year anyway. Jeff and I had a great time with the eating gambling and basic R&R. We were married at the Belageo 2 years ago. Our reason for getting married there was a part partially. We wanted to be in a happy place where we knew people would ABCF and V have a great time as they did. Bottom line, Vegas is a place where people can enjoy a relatively safe enjoyable place. There is always a reason for going and you are. Absolutely correct. Even if the only reason is to lose your ass, you're right, Jeff. You walked the streets on a strip and like I've told you before, do you think those people in Vegas who run those multi-billion dollar casinos? You think they're going to put up any, you know, once it's a great while I got like some, you know, but you think they're going to put up with that kind of crime rate over there with crazy people with guns? The answer is absolutely not. And it's speaking of scumbags, what you do the second paragraph and Jeff's a fact which really, this is where it's at, okay? So it was Michael Nourandani who was last night and now a fact from a living and breathing guy today, which makes me feel like maybe I'm not totally crazy. He says, all this leads up to coming home to Miami last night as we enter the plane, the line moved slower than usual. We traveled coach but direct. We soon find out why. O.J. was writing autographs in coach. Oh, man. Where I might any would travel within the Norma's bodyguard. My wife and I in our airline neighbor were in shock at how many people wanted his autograph. Oh, man. Just on I would share my enjoyable airline experience. Americans love us scumbags, you say. There you go right there. Here's a murdering scumbag. No good. Lousy son of a bitch who's in trouble to law every five minutes since he's been down here again. Just like that infamous golf tournament that disgrace that happened on this show for almost five years ago, whatever it was. That disgrace. And some of the people that were like moaning and groaning that he was there, they would go, can I have you out of graph, O.J. Can I have you out of my mind? Oh, my god. It's no different from the people who want to collect the art from John Wayne Gacy and all these other mass murderers. Oh, we're going to collect the art because it's going to be worth a lot of great. Or write the love letters that he scumbags like that broad that married Eric Menendez while he was in jail. Right. Lovely. And how about Ted Bundy? You know, they had the thing on MSNBC over the weekend, which you've seen those things in many times, but it was the Bundy story again, which I've seen at least two million times. But I had forgotten that that actually he, of course, had these all these proposals from these desperate women who couldn't get laid in a pickle patch. And he married one of them. She was on a witness then. Of course, he was his own attorney. He wanted the question. The last question he has, would you be my bride? Would you marry him? She says, yes, yes, yes, yes, and I will marry you and now we're married. You know? And so they said that even though conjugal visits were to loud in jail, somehow the two of the manch to conceive a baby, how do they do that? Maybe it was like on passions. Maybe it was magic. Maybe Tabitha, the way of your magic wand. Because I haven't really Ted didn't put his magic wand. If they were not allowed conjugal visits, how did that happen? Or it's where? Yeah. Man, that is really strange. So anyway, Ted Bundy followed it at child in jail. Isn't that wonderful? Isn't that great? The bigger the scumbag, the more they love them. That's starting some more, right in some love letters to these two scumbags in jail now, the two snipers, huh? Just before we fry their ass. And like I said at the beginning of the show, I loved Michael Moore last night. They're on Donnie, who is a great guy. But this whole business of not being for capital punishment. When you live in a barbaric, wild ass, crazy society where you got all these lunatics running around, especially with guns, you got to like, a mean business. You got to mean business. And all this arguing and all these dance stupid shows about, wow, who's going to get to try and first? What difference does it make? Now they find that they also, whether they're more implicated in the shooting in the Tacoma. Montgomery, Alabama, Tacoma, they were shooting people all over the country. Now they say, oh, I guess what? They did this. So this one over here. That's, uh, can victim about 20 times in the number of fry them 20 times. How's that? You know how they have those double fried french fries? Yeah. Well, some of the Amsterdam will let them fry them. That's right. They don't fry them over there. Like I said, let leave them here. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir? You know, uh, did you see Michael Moore interview with Tim Ruffett last week? No. It was really good. I missed the interview last night on Donnie. It was great. Did he go into his, uh, talking about the Democratic Party and what a show of its former self it is now? Yes, yes he did. I mean, any group of Clinton and asked for that welfare business for a, you know, any welfare yes. I mean, the guy is like 90% just so right on it. Yeah. That's right. He basically, basically, coming from the same place, I am, and that is that both parties suck at just the question. One is a lot more dangerous than the other one. And he talked about how our security and our support is just a, the God. Like I said, dog and pony show. Exactly. Okay. Have a great day. Thank you. Keep it to good work. Thank you. While my finger slipped on the thing, they are plus he was out of time. Here's a fact that says the George is disgusting guy. What is that? I don't get it. Your site is weak, but a very similar. Our way, our website is not weak. It's not weak. I mean, it could use a little help in Eric, but it's, you know, there used to be some news on there, but again, then of course he would never update it. So now like when I come back from my summer vacation or we're going to be doing something special and never shows up on it because he's busy eating, Jimmy Dean Link sausage is okay. He's busy stuffing his fat pussy. But anyway, this guy says you were sight as weak. I'm sympathetic to Eric's problem. I worked on websites for two years until the bottom fell out. Hits ain't Schmidt. Everyone wants money now. Sites cost a lot of money. Clicks and hits are nice, but they don't bring the cash register. I'm doing TV again. Can can help with the updates. We got Carlos here. Okay. We appreciate it very much. You're just disgusting guy. We got Carlos here as a computer wizard. He just asked him to tell you all about add aware. I think he's got stock in it. It says I can help with updates to the site that's investing about the websites can be updated from anywhere. I think it's important. The ceiling tells me first of the guy wanted to fix his kid's school. He spent a hundred thousand to build fake classrooms for the Bush commercials instead of all. Oh, I see. Yeah. You got a cold earlier. I'll have to bad connection. I could barely understand what he was saying. I can't say my name. I'm poor and can't afford the bad press. The judge is disgusting. Well, thank you for the offer, sir. But Carlos has got to stummer it on it. Okay. He's calling all those people at one end. Recapitants and saying, hey, go ahead and go. Okay. Have a good time. Like that. Just like that. And don't be ever calling us here again. So we able to get a hold of some of them? Order two. One or two? No, I'm just kidding. I got a bowl. You got them all? And are they going? Are these like real people? Or is this another scammer? They're going to be scelping the tickets? They sound like real people that are going. Good. That's our crowd. They're going to go there and squeeze that. And they want to see if it really is his firm and smooth and lovely as the person knows videos and his stomach too. He said he's got the smallest penis of any man on the face of the earth. Can you believe that? That's what N.K. told me. WQIM. Yes, sir. Just because certain people don't know where to vote or how to vote doesn't mean that they're just franchiseed. What does that mean? Do you know what it means? I want to send out the words when people go to the polls and they're turned away by the Florida. Get out of here. You idiot. Here's a guy that's saying that another rationalizer, okay? The election was raised. Everybody knows that. They don't want to dark folks vote because they don't want to almost all vote Democrat. So don't be given this as the charges are done. We already know that, okay? That's beside the point. That's because people like you are keeping them under your thumb. And don't give a crap about education just like your governor. They put on a good dog and pony show F.K. My ass. Okay, governor Bush. F.K. My ass. You're all the same, baby. You just nobody can reason with you. Nobody just confused you with the facts. It's all liberal propaganda. That all that baby crap again. The liberals, the conservatives, all a bunch of crap. You're never going to get anywhere as long as you live in that kind of a mentality. But the blinder's on. Just like the religious nuts. WQAM. Hello? Yes, sir. Go, man. Let's say. David Samson. Shame on you. Okay, call an important show like this. WQAM. And you hear there's like a baby crying in the back, isn't that sad? He's reproducing. QAM, hello. You know, it's a pleasure having you back doing this type of show. Yes, it is. You bet your man. I feel like a million bucks. I just want to say you're absolutely right when Neil Bush is going to collect money on software for those F.K. Yeah. And when people are worried about who's doing what's shaking and what hotel room. Right. This is what's going on in this country. It really said if you think about this. Amen. But anyway, I'm glad you're doing that. This format again, Neil. Please stay with and stop doing the newsy act. To a tune. You got to call me Friday with the newsy thing. That would make. Thank you very much. All right, brother. I'm not saying you're a great caller, but thank you. I see that he got the stop. Now, it's seriously. He made a good call. How come so newsy? And at the time George, look, Neil, George, he's a little hard ass anyway. Oh, he is. He just overreacts to the callers. It's a radio show, you know? And then if somebody rips him, either on or off the air, he takes it very personal. After all these years, I've been trying to tell him. It's just a bunch of shmucks. What are you worried about? They just have it a good time. He takes it very personal. Oh, they're not their calling me. They're a little, a little, a hateful spick. Yeah. And what's wrong with that? I guess the true threats, don't it, George? Hateful little spick. Pally? I'm sorry. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Yeah, George never saw a Palestinian. He didn't love. Okay. I mean, they're all crazy over there. I try to be fair about it. I try to tell it like it is. They're not sound both sides. But this guy just has zest with his freaking the poor Palestinians. How about letting move in your house, George? How about adopting a few Palestinians? Use crazy spick. Now, see, don't pick out a mob. He's not here. Why not? There's the United Treasure Island hoping for a little head for a little something. It's going to happen? No, no chance. No way, man. He reminds me of those kids. What was that movie, my tutor? Clark Brandon and that other goofy kid. They kept driving around from one house to another from one or four house to another. Couldn't get late in goddamn Amsterdam. Those guys. Just like George. And my life. And love. This is for three or five sixty. You ain't here. Error. It beat it well with the one I want. On WQ here. Hey, how you doing over there? I'm coming for Tully on a one-year look. Loward Gardens down a road here. Come on in and get your fresh big bridge stick. Your hard zesty pasta or saffola tangy chicken dishes. The elephant garden. When you hear your family. I'm here to help you. Hey, where the hell you've been? I'm going to drop you out. Let's get the garbage out here and clean up these tables for me. What are you talking about? What do you mean when I'm talking about? Let's go move move move move. Yeah, table for two please. No take the garbage out first and wash your hands. Come back. I got some jobs for you. I'm here to keep you. Can you lend me a 20? What? Give me a kiss to the car. I'll give you a 1-co-sal 20 dollars and a kiss to your car. I'll have the fact that you ain't a car. I don't know what that is. Hey, when you hear it. You hear it. You're a family. Come on. You're just a family. Get out of my way. Get what I want. What can I do for you to honey? Tell me what the bathroom's all. Your can is looking kind of big in that dress. Excuse me. I'm a pain-custard. No offense to honey. But that dress don't do you justice. You can't look very big. What? That's enough. Come on kids. Where going to the little hands? Have you called mom? You're out of your mind. Hey, when you hear your family. I table for four. You kind of docky there. There's a 형. Come on kids. Those kids know the girls ain't your kids. We don't buy you a free house. Who else are my two kids? Go if stands far from your signature homework ok. I owe them 42 euros all of them. Get you kids. Hey, hey! Enough with the back top. When you're out, you're out of sale over here. Why are you stories like, when you hear your family, Ah, I've gotten like I did not. When you're there, you're family. We don't like it. 12.1560 WCM 6374ths and some of them are even real but not too many. What's your take on guns in the US? Don't effort a second amendment. My guns Goddamit. That's been disqualified already because it's got 324 votes. 50.8% of which I'd say 200 are phony votes. But in a phony frenzy. What does that tell you? Crazy people with guns. It's too late gun. That's run a country 143. Too many gun loving redness 85. Only police should have guns 36. No private citizen should have handguns 35 and only police and 100 should have guns 11. This is the most depressing piece of news. Somebody just facts to me. Oh, all the part of it is good. Larry King. Long history. Losers and cable readings. In another milestone for the Ascent Fox News channel which shows how many right wingers they were on this country. The political talk show Hannity in cones is Eclipsey and Ends Luricking live and ratings for the first time. The program with conservative Conemic commentator Sean Hannity is more liberal foil Alan Cumm's which is a horrible show. By the way, as average 1.65 million viewers in October to Kings 1.58 million recorded in Nielsen media research. But if Larry can just have one more of those panels on there. Those panels for the same half dozen old trolls, including that bitch Nancy Grace from court TV, I'm gonna tell you. I'd like I would like to just, I mean, I don't want to say anything really grotesque, but I would put a baseball bat. I like to break both her legs. Nancy Grace, man, she makes me vomit. She's nauseating. Our panel. We got our panel tonight. And of course, it's the interchangeable panel. Let's make any difference what's the topic. Is whether it's OJ, whether it's the sniper case, whether it's the terrorist attacks, whether it's, you know, is in some of the bad epidemic. No matter what it is, we got the panel of experts. No wonder that I want you. Larry, plus you look about 100 years old. Long history of us. Fox sir passed CNN in full day ratings for the first time earlier this year. Can outpost that it's the top rated cable news that worked throughout prime time. Well, what do you do when it's still blows? Hannity and Coleman's benefits are being on directly after the O'Reilly fight. I think it's all that pancake makeup that impressed America. That must be what do it. All of them orange people? Hannity and Coleman's benefits are being directed on after the O'Reilly factor. Boom, boom, boom, boom, which had a bigger audience this month than rivals, Connie, Chink and Phil Lotta, you combined. Well, that's no surprise. At 8pm, Bill O'Reilly show average 2.65 by the reviewers, Chink's crime oriented news show on CNN have 1.13 million. And poor old Phil and MSNVC has talked you had 527,000 viewers. And I'm sitting here asking the name by C Phil last night with Michael Moore, all my, 527,000 viewers. That's pathetic. And he finally would when we at least expect that he does a good show last night. The 10pm hours another battlefield for Fox and CNN Fox is Greta von Suster and perhaps the ugliest woman on the face of the earth who jumped from CNN earlier this year, average 1.32 million viewers and Aaron Brown with a paciist wig. He makes most peace look good. When Ed Brett Muscrath that died on his head, the whiny, he's come like the Julie R. Minofa news casting. Whiny, whimpy, Aaron Brown at 1.18 million on news night. So we've been Greta beat him. That nasty looking bitch. Oh, I think the mad dog needs to go see a good eye doctor. First he was in the Greta making a big not now. He's in do that bitch that went over to a CBS. The one that used to be on CNN that I hate hate like poison. What does her name? Oh, Christy, I'm on poor. I heard him last week on a Oya Saw Christian where she's a Fox. Maybe she belongs on Fox, but she ain't no fuck. She's disgusting nasty bitch. Who I think wants to get it on with the Pope. You hear what she said at Mike Wallace on the night? If there's a butt, I smell it. CNN spokeswoman, Christy Robinson said Tuesday that it never would mean solidly behind King who show like most cable news programs in a busy news month show growth from September. It continues to be unrivaled as newsmaking interviews Robinson said Larry King loud continues to be invaluable to CNN. The wonder ailes stock is in a, yeah, going to craft. Although remaining behind Fox overall, CNN had one bragging point recently at beat Fox innovating on Thursday when the capture of the Washington area sniper's elevated news network viewership. Fox news channel representatives did not immediately return call for comment. They're just they're just happy that anybody's watching like gee, they're where this is really going over this crap Got a lot of calls here boy. We got uh not too many actually 567. 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line So we got to keep these phones slamming baby. That's the only way this is gonna fly We have to go back to that business meal begs for calls boy. You're gonna see me turn like on a dime We're not gonna go back to guy name reading all this bedtime stories. We'll just start playing jingles or something all day Society with all this important stuff and unimportant stuff and ballgame and where's my panther call by the Where's a panther call god damn it What's wrong with you people are you totally like we turn it or something? Maybe you're depressed cuz old number eight wasn't out there kicking a crap out of a few guys like you were getting in bare a six to one Why do we leave you're goal either to get sheld WCOM What up Don't fake for calls. Yeah. How about them California angels Love to get out of here you idiot. That's the guy with the eyes WQAM it is QAM Yes, sir Just checking in with you. I decided you like to know that the gray one is heading to council my homie then this that son Reverend Jones will be there to counsel these taking Jesse with them They're gonna have a big pow what the jail. How are what are you talking about? I'm gonna tell you okay. He needs counseling. Okay. That's what tick fiber told me a pump and a part group all with a silly baseball cap Reverend Jones. Well, we got him back. That's good Fies see it only took two days. We got all the losers back. Oh, yeah, let our check in every day We checked just to make sure you're going out going back to the old stuff. Well, there we go all those great phone calls that you know and love Because God forbid we should do like a show it for like people with IQ larger than their goddamn little toe We don't want to be doing that God forbid This is pretty interesting to me anyway probably not you and sedan Two British companies said yesterday that would join forces to become a world leader in the technology of glowing plastics Which by 2005 should yield the first roll-up computer screens and TVs? You seen about this? Yes, that's a little about that Cambridge display technology and out the acquisition of the Oxford-based research activities of rival Opsis giving control of another major method to create organic light emitting diodes OLED OLED Financial details were not as close the two unless the company's seller know how to major electronic manufacturers such as Saco, epsilon, philips, dupe, and semen zone usherom some of whom we've just opened factories for the first generation of monochrome All-ed displays used in cell phones and razors as the technology matured will be used for full-color screens Hope so the technology or high because polymers that emit light don't require a backlight use for the current generation of flat screen Liquid crystal displays it makes them energy efficient and much thinner so thin they can be folded you can take your TV folded up and stick it Yeah, you can do like a little one of those what are they call those the then things? Yeah, when they check the way they look inside what all do they call us? All right, not an hour. I huh, Sonic Graham sound like a sonogram. Like right that's not what I'm looking for but something like that You can you know check out your hemorrhage and your prostate and the whole everything else that's going on in there And who else has been in there nine minutes past noon at five sixty w to Q a m if there's a butt You know there's never been a better time to purchase a homo refinance your existing home how about a way to only 3.95% ultrasound that's what I was looking for okay ultrasound same thing sonogram ultrasound I just want to be politically incorrect okay Make sure we use the right word on there ultrasound Like I said there's never been a better time to get you a home. That's right financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95% rate If you just pick up that phone there we go with that again. You know you know how to make a phone call Okay, I know you're stupid, but the audience even our audience is smart if they don't need they know that if they're gonna make a call They have to pick up the phone Maybe they just want to like a speed dial it okay without picking up the phone. Puts Call for an inch of group tool free 1 800 940 alien D and where's my a champion like from PD Laney the touch of the game But don't come through probably Miguel's gonna have to slap it up here and he coming near me to him 1 800 945363 the money you're gonna save is unbelievable think about you can get yourself a hundred thousand out of loan for 1 450 bucks a month Or a 200 thousand dollar loan for only 150 bucks a month the process is simple. You're gonna save yourself a crap load a cashier But year so pick up the phone and call our good friends at financial group 1 800 940 And fact just out of spite to Todd wreck put the phone on a floor and dial it with your toes like one of those fill Henry bits. Are you sure? Yeah, there's never been a better time to get you a low interest rate call financial group You'll be on your way to big savings financial group is an equal housing lender Credit restrictions do apply rates of somebody to change so call now tool free 1 800 940 L E and D that's 1 800 945363 and after you threw it a phone put it back down Stop the show at this point right out 12 13 and we have to stop the show Because freaky Carlos from out front buzz is our Carlos and here and tells him Johnny dark is out in the lobby You know Johnny's working to kiss down the hall down the street now Uh What is anybody in this audience want to hear Johnny dark? No, are we gonna feed him? I'm going to mommy's for lunch so we're gonna feed him. Oh no Why do we want yes that it was better off what he graver came in here? We had that giveaway which is always a killer on his show at least we got a lot of calls, but it killed a show See this is another problem. I'd be in back here now all these people want to come in here and smooth I don't want to smooth with anybody. I'm doing a radio show Have a nice day Johnny. Okay. Don't go away mad. Just go away Oh Welcome back to the glittering legendary of the Mohawana name in the show. We have a full duck at today Including the double gait of our ticket at the lead of yours You know that pipes mocha still at it. What what singing the songs make it fun on me They make fun of me all the time Why they don't the door? Everything will be all right, bro It's a hands-on me a fairy you queer yet to jumpa real men don't touch only during the game Yes, Mr. one singing I'll give them singing get on a piano Okay, now hit it Back in my day men was straight The day is with today That's why I can't tolerate Tuddles Poinos were gonna wait back Back there! Stop it, you're moron! What's the matter, Mo? I went fellow, I'll pick up. Okay. Alright, where were we? Four holes were in daylight. Oh, I'll take it from here. The guys that like the worship men... Look, think we won't see. Holy, no way living that of my dad. Didn't need to sort broad-state this. Or to take a hairy taint. Jesus Christ, I believe he hate. Jesus Christ, let's go! Hey, Johnny, dark out of great life, Johnny. Turn me down! Forget out of here. I just don't understand that when you told me that, I was just flabbergasted. Johnny, darks at the front desk. Oh, yeah, and... And... Doing a radio show here, okay? I'm not here to shimu's and lose an eaten treat and greet. 560, 0560, pound 560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Not that I would like to see in Johnny again someday. Like, maybe I don't know, 2005 would be good. WDQAM. Neil. Yes sir. It's Moishi. How you doing? Good, how are you? Moishi, Moishi, remember? Did you come Moishi? Who? I grew up, I finally realized what a liberal faggot you are. Yeah. Yeah, and I'm about to get a driver to speak. Yeah, good. Okay, congratulations. You hear him twisting it? Twisting in Yankee and pulling it? 560, 0560, like a chicken to pull it. Pound 560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Moishi. Huh? WDQAM. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Panther question here. Panther call? Oh my God. What's more of the serving to you, the Panther defense or Howard Davis Wig? Yeah, see there's a good Panther question for us. See that this is what they got. They can't discuss it because they know nothing about it. They know nothing about it. How can this town have a freaking hockey team? We got a morning guy that won't talk about, which is probably a good move on his part of one of the few he's made. They know nothing about it. They don't care about it. And yet the paper says 13,000 and some odd. Yeah, odd is the word. People were there. There were no 13,000 people there. So, it's a job. What's happening to everything in this country. You do the expansion, expansion, water, we're done. Just like they're having this big argument about. Wow, who was the better running back? Yeah, the greatest of all time. Jim Browner. You know, and now all of a sudden they're running out of material, I guess. So the big thing about the greatest baseball play of all time, which they don't even put down, larceness perfect game on list. I mean, who are you talking to? A bunch of punks that weren't even live back then. And then I hear these people call them, Moves Morning, who able to know Jim Brown from James Brown. They haven't got a clue. They never saw him play one down. And then Moses, well, who was tackling him? A bunch of a fact white guys. Yeah, and how was the league? How many teams were in league? Did they have like 800 teams in league? Like they got now? Oh, all is watered down crap. What they've been in the crappy little girl's teams? No. That's what the NFL is today. Of course, he didn't want to admit it because that's his bread and butter. But that's what it is today. Media equity rampant media equity. They wanted parity. They got parity, which equals media equity. But we got a frickin' hockey team here, and God only knows why. What was wrong with the original six? How what was wrong with that? So maybe we have a dozen. Okay, that would double the original size of the NHL. It doesn't get all the other franchises clear them out. Then you'd have some real quality, baby. Can you imagine the phenomenal things you'd have if you only had a dozen teams? Oh, instead of all of this crud in his crack. There was our hockey call, which is more disturbing. The Panther defense or most hairpiece. Huh, huh. WQAM. Yes, sir. Hey, I thought I was going to be embarrassed being a capital spam. Hey, I watched the game, and to me, along with stood up at this head, and I can't believe they did that to them. You know, I agree with you. If there wasn't for them. It's not a debatable point. It's not a debatable point, but just the fact that these people don't understand what's going on. And when some people put on a great performance for them and keeps their team in a game, and then they abandon them in last five minutes. They're too stupid to understand that they don't get it. I know he had to me. He's a wonderful goalie. You know, if he was with a real team, he'd take it all the way to the top. Well, with a real team, right, which he's not. Exactly. Hey, I just wrote a one of the games this year, and it's gotten even worse. People are just sitting on their hands, or they're yapping on their cell phone, until they shoot the free stuff up into the crowd. I'll never go in back. Okay. I'll see you. Yeah, when the Leafs play here, I'll go into that. I won't be here for the one in December, but later on in the season. They play here again. I'll go see that. And that'll be it. I might go to one or two others just for a kick. But there are no kicks, because it's not fun. That's just because it's a crappy team. It's just not a fun environment. It's not a fun atmosphere. It's a bunch of luck. He says, that heads, dead heads and no nothings. There's a handful of people at our real fans. And instead of the game, but they're so outnumbered by the other assault phone monsters that forget about it. Who don't want to go and be part of that environment? Not to mention, of course, all the lies that were told. See, this time doesn't appreciate a great performance. It's like Dan Moreno. They ripped him and asked every chance they could get. Oh, Danny, this is it. And then, of course, once he returned, well, I'm just like now after Fidel got, well, you think, well, Danny's got something left in the tank. Does he have anything left in the tank? They don't appreciate it. And then, like, Pavelle Brey probably one of the four or five most of the sensational players in the game. Oh, well, Trevor Kid said he was divisive. Trevor Kid couldn't stop. I got him water, my little kid with your hands. Trouble making big mouth Trevor freaking kid. And so right away, they're making excuses about why they dumped off Pavelle Brey. And, about, wow, he did this. He didn't do that. He was lazy. And at the same time, he goes in. He's kicking ass, he'll be able to range your stuff. But nevertheless, he's kicking ass personally. Now, what have we got now? Did they spend that money on free agents? Did they improve the team? Did they do anything they said they were going to do? Absolutely not. Absolutely not. And a public sits back here. But that's why, well, what's the point? It's Low-A'll Land. Low-A'll Land. These are people just waiting to get taken and fleece down here just so they can bitch about it. Like I said before, these people on here would rather see their sports teams lose because then it gives them something to bitch about. There were more people calling them here after that guy. They're buffled again after the Kansas City Dolphin game. Then they were after they knocked off Denver that incredible game. They'd rather lose because then they got something to criticize, something to bitch about, something to belly. Where? Where? And I'm getting a message across or what? No. That's okay. Keep getting paid regardless. WQAM. Low-A'll Land. Okay, blah, blah, blah, blah. Thanks for listening. WQAM. Neil, yes or what? How are you, aren't you? Okay. All right. A couple of things I get on the rug when you're out of town. So I'll tell you, you're the greatest. One comment quick. A note to all you Republican bastards. You're giving us more now. You gave us a lapsed security which meant 9-11. And you're giving us a depression. Okay, great. Brilliant call. 5-670560, pound-560. On the AT, I think they were at before him was better. The blah, blah, blah, blah. I think was better. WQAM. Hi, Neil. I just want to throw in my two cents a day. Go right ahead. I throw in. There's a zero-about-one. That's about the stupid sniper case. I'm watching TV and they're talking about cutting a deal for that young punk that testify against the other guy. It's like what? They couldn't get a conviction otherwise. The only deal that should be cut for him is like right at the neck. That's where they should start cutting. Create a free shooting. They have 50 billion police guys walking it into way for each other. Yeah. Pickin' up every little piece of scrap of everything. But they don't have another evidence to convict this guy. They need, they need as a cop was to testify. Mm-hmm. Exactly story. If they don't fry both of them, we're going to have going to be really pissed off. I heard that. I agree totally what you said about that. You might take another dump in my pants. I'm going to be so pissed off if they don't turn the execute these guys. I'm sure it. Thank you, Neil. Have a great day. They ought to cut him a deal. Like I said, cut him right under the left cheekbone here and right across to the right one. That's what they ought to cut him. This business, that's another thing what he's got to him was, they can't prosecute anybody in this country. First of all, they usually can't catch him. Then when they finally do, and then I'll say it again. The only reason they caught him is because they basically turned themselves in. Oh, check mobile Alabama. Check, go, yeah. And it turned out, and of course, at the time in Alabama, they never bothered checking at thumbprint. They had one thumbprint, which was from the kid, by the way. They had one thumbprint. They never bothered checking it. Ah! Which they already had on file. It was in the FBI records. It was in the National whatever the hell they called it. It was in there. Oh, we don't want to catch them before they, you know, we turn them loose and let them go around the country and blow them a few more people away. Because look at how bad it would have been for ratings on those TV on those talking at TV now, we're smart. This was a bonanza for ratings even Lauren Greens in Burst. He's eaten, help with both hands. WQAM. QAM. I'm crazy. WQAM. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, good to see you. These people are going to miss you, man. When you're gone, I've been listening to Jesus. That's about my teeth. That's like 20 years now. And because these losers keep getting on, they're an asshole. I'm sorry. They're buzzable. And I like, and I like what you read the news. Okay. All right. Okay. Thanks for the suck job. Thank you. Not too many suck jobs. Okay. It's boring. I want to talk to people about something to say, which means we're not going to give very many calls because over the years, most of you have nothing to say, which is not to reflection on what this town's all about. People would nothing to say no matter how traumatic, how grotesque, how exciting, how anything is that got nothing to say. Did I get my hockey call or not? No, I didn't. I just said that one guy who thought he was being a comedian. Ha ha. Very, very. No, I didn't get the guy. The capitals guy. Yes, see, you're not paying any attention. Okay. You're another anti hockey guy. You're not paying me. They're anti hockey guy. And you show me a bunch of people that are anti hockey. And I'll show you some real schmucks. Okay. Real sad. People are in a crap like auto racing around and around. And it's something really exciting. I will practice like it. 26 past noon. We got the mad dog coming up at Schuillis at one o'clock. And then we get to the important stuff. Give me the ball, give me the ball, give me the ball, give me the ball. The important stuff on his radio station. 16 hours a day of talking and mental midget out there. We're set and five away. Are we blessed to live in this town? Are we, oh, that's right. I forgot to know if it's lost to Buffalo game. We used to be blessed to live in this town. And a hurt cool is only one by 17 points against West Virginia. And their defense looked like a sieve. So we're not so blessed as we used to be. And oh, God damn it. What the hell happened? We used to be blessed in this town. I think the Lord has taken a turn for the warson. And not seriously. We're in trouble. That, that call, that was the call for the ages. I've been talking to people all over the country, Jim. Aren't we blessed to be here in South Florida? After that was after that big weekend when a hurricane was squeaked by FSU. And a misty old rule again, which always happens. And then Miami wound up with what's his name? Oh, lowlando marae. Kick it and winning field goal. Older marae. Which I noticed he made a sudden turn around on that, huh? Made a sudden embarrassing turn around. He used to be old in the marae. Now he's old in the marae, which is his real name anyway. Okay. I'd like to say to you, uh, more full out. Full out. Don't let the door hit you and you're wick on a boy out. Get out of here already. We need your kill on us. Everybody in the building is it? They were psychotic. In fact, there were people in lighting candles. They were so much in mourning that your numbers weren't worse than they were in this last book. People were praying for fractions around here. And by the way, to folks at Westwood, one, they say, don't call us again. 27 after noon at 5.60, WQA. Hey, let's face you. Been heard about fast train for a very long time. Sometimes you wonder to make sense for you. Well, a lot of you guys out there does make sense. The facts are simple, like so many of our listeners. If you have the dedication, fast train will provide you with all the necessary training to become a certified computer professional. According to Time magazine, the demand for computer professionals will continue to explode. The average student completes the training in just four short months attending school three nights a week. Once you've completed your certification, fast train will assist you in obtaining your new computer job. Fast train invites you to come and visit their train through your counselor and determine which track is ideal for you, whether it's like hazel park or northfield downs, or maybe old Wolverine harness raceway. Fast train is, uh, you can reach me at 866 fast train to set up that appointment with for convenient locations is about to one nearby you. There are in Miami, Pemper Pines for Lauderdale and now in Kendall. Don't forget to ask the queer counselor for a list of students just like you who are currently in their dream jobs thanks to getting all that training at fast train. So pick up the phone, stop on it, put it on the floor kick here and so I'll do something. Make that call at 1-866 fast train that's 866 fast train or check them out of there. What could worldwide web at fast train.com. This is Jocelyn Elders and I'm mad. Mad at those right wing sons of bitches that first build Clinton to fire me. Just hold her to hell they think they are. All I was trying to do was deal with the reality of sex and teenagers. Maybe if Jesse Holmes had busted a chip or a new gang rich had butted the call to little more, there wouldn't be so uptight. Frog and the dog never hurt anybody and if people did a little more that we might save some lives. Helen Clinton just stayed home and spanked the monkey. He'd even be in last hot water. Teaching kids about masturbation would be no big deal. We could even take some standard teaching tools and just twist them around a little bit like C-dick run. When you see Dick run, get to the doctor because you picked up a back as a crowd-skricket. Folks we got to get really about the realities of the world we live in. There are too many kids out there taking a baloney ride and parking their yacht and hair harbor. Now if we just teach them to stay home and paddle the pickle, pump the python, walk the door, wax the carrot or tickle the taco, we'd all be better off. So all I have to say, now I'm going home now and see if Mr. Elders wants to pop it in the toast and hail a oyster and buzz the grill. 1232 at 560 WQAM. Here's a cue one. Look at that. It's a picture of moe. I mean the original moe. He says, shut up, you know, I'm scubber broadcasting. There you go. Nice gone moe. You're the best. 560, 0560, pound five 60 on the AT&T line. We're back to the great cause. We got a few assholes out there. It's great. That's what it's all about. And then of course, we also got this. That's for very, very elephant. Okay. You idiot. I say, that's the dedication to her. You mama my ass. 726 votes about which show what about 321, 150. What's your take on guns in the US? Don't effort a second amendment. My guns got damaged 388. Disqualified. 20 fake votes. It's that's too late. Gunnets run a country 151. Too many gun loving Redneck's 90. Only police have guns 45. No private citizens should have handguns 40. And only police in the 100 should have guns 11. That's been stuck on living for a long time. WQAM. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hockey. Yeah. Very depressing. Is this a real hockey call? Real hockey call. Oh, right. And I want to tell you, you look at the minutes played by the key players. They're not no gas left at the end of the game. So the end of the game is when the goers of the gold escort against them. You go to overtime. They don't have the legs to do it. It's really, really sad. Yeah, but what they did to LeWangrel last night was there was shameful. I mean, they just left him honest to his own resources. They left him alone. Absolutely. They like the fans walking out after that third goal of the score. Yeah. They walked out to with him. It was terrible. I got a lot of games. And they all added very painful. Well, you know, again, how do they expect people to continue paying those kind of prices when they aren't putting a product out there? I mean, how often can you keep lying in this business about the youngsters in the organization? You've got to have some young veterans, not just some old veterans. You got to have some young veterans out there. We should put your ears right Whitney still on the team and Mike's soul and you're. And some of the other guys we dumped out of their melon be. I mean, what are they talking about? They basically unloaded everybody was almost like the Marlins under a different name and did the same thing. My eight year old says the exact same thing. And yesterday he says, the walking out some guy in front of us was a hysterical. He said, Daddy, can we just trade the team and get the Detroit wet wings to play there you go. Now you're talking. I would like to watch. Thank you. There's a hockey call. Only took three hours and 35 minutes to get one. I'm not saying we want to talk a lot about hockey, but how can a town have a hockey team with nobody that understands what's going on? Oh, well, I'd probably all bury. He was no good anyway. Right. Just like Danny Boy, he went any good. Does anybody in this town ever been any good? No. They all suck. That's basically the philosophy in this town. Everybody sucks, but me. See, me, me, me, me, me. Where's my freebies? Where's my, and did we get to free tickets for that lady? Yeah. Yeah. She was insisting that that she had won this morning. I beg your pardon. She was insisting that it was this morning. So I know there was like most of our audience. She's kind of clueless. Yeah. Well, that's good. She fits right in. What do you mean she won them this morning? That's what she was saying. But is her name on the list? Yeah. From yesterday. Yeah. I'm so surprised when you're having fun. Maybe she's not heavy drugs. Okay. Like most of our audience don't be nitpicking. If you gave the bitch, I mean, a nice lady heard tickets. And you got around here. That's good. You got Johnny Dark out of here. You got that lady out of here with her tickets. That's good. That's a good start. Great. Excellent. And tell Eric quit the dick and around with it. I'm telling you, he's like right on the edge with me. He's right on the edge. If he don't, the, why doesn't he understand that? We're not interested in being used in the manipulated by any of these guy to MTV networks. We're not interested. You understand, Eric, you get it? No. Put the sandwich down, Eric. It's kind of hard to use common sense in reason when your blood sugar's over 800. Put the guy down. The link sausage is back in your pants and cut the crap. The answer is no. Like I said, if he would spend as much time to the, with our website as he is talking all these and being a superstar when all these people we don't want to talk to, we really have a great website. Almost as good as online detective. And maybe he could be scaling a lot more money than he already is. WQAM. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. This is another happy hockey call. Yeah, you sound delighted. Yeah. I took your advice three years ago and moved out of my M.E. Went over to Marko Island. We have a bunch of old parts, but still we don't have the, you know, his fannings. Yeah. I come back to my M.E. or I should say sunrise to see the hockey games. And the only reason we kept them this year was because of the all-star ticket. Wait a minute. My moment. Hang on. Just join charges that have been made in others. No, they just got more charges against these two charges. Go ahead, sir. So we got our, we got notified yesterday. We got four hockey tickets for that all-star weekend. That's the only reason they have the tickets right now. And you talk about guns. I really don't like guns, but coming over, I'm thinking boy, I need to pick up a gun here because one of our boys, the wholeio, as George would say, jumps into the sawgrass flame where it says, change only and then they don't have change. So they're the ones you want to blow away. Yeah, like I said, it's a good thing you don't have any guns. Enjoy the rest of the town. You know, I'm happy to be in and out real quickly. Well, I'm not going to be here for a long. I'll be going to be right soon. We're going to get out here. We're going to have to freeze my ass off. I'm getting out of this ass. Get out and get the hell out of here. I'll see you in Marko Island. Take care. Not a guy. Okay, thanks. Bye bye. You too. Can't stand you too though. I don't mean him. You too. They just make my skin crawl. Who? One of my least favorite groups. I was going to say musical groups, but they don't make music. They make noise. Tim and primitive pines. You're right. Tim. I haven't heard from you in a long time. I wonder if I've been in such a good mood. It says, hi. Haven't facts since one hit wonders. Remember when I wanted to hear the cheater by Bob Cubin and the inman? No. Yes, I do. I know Jeff is a door kid in his wife and kids. Our knuckle has been agrited. Oh, McBride has a creepy grin. Ha ha ha. Very good, Tim. It's nice here for my political sophisticated like yourself. Flip between Don and Huna Riley last night thought it was Phil's best show yet. You're right. Although I think he flipped out it came back because it was jealous of Orale. Well, maybe that's what it took. Maybe let he saw Huna and like a half a million people. I mean, that's pathetic. Pathetic. His numbers are worse than mows. Are you ready for that? Jesus Christ. Also did you ever find the song, Anna by the Beatles and some are Neil Lloyd did not. Thanks. Slowly starting to listen again. Says Tim. Slowly starting to listen again. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, man. Here as my not my mailman, but my neighbors mailman Rick could all Rick the mailman. Well, we were getting ready to turn it off. I saw Rick the other day and I gave him a little bit of a dirty look. That's okay, Rick. That's all right. I'd be bitter too if I was stuck to liver and mail for all you know. I was 80 years old. Here's a good guy though, Rick. He's all right. 21 till 1 at 5. 60 W to Q a. I am. Hey, if you were a guy that big ugly bald spot like so many people we know. You look in the mirror and you say Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. My here go. Well, here's the answer for a Charles Alfieri. I haven't talked about Charlie. It seems for 100 years now and for as long as I can remember Charlie's been the best in the business. And he still is because he's always improving the way that system looks. The natural hairline system is what we're talking about. It is the best in the world because it's 100% undetectable and I should apologize to someone. What's he doing here today? What's he doing here today? He says a stooose. I got you checked. Just relax, Muck. Anyway, it's 100% undetectable. So it looks like they're really going out of your scalp. I was about to say something very important about somebody with a bad hair piece. Oh, that is Cassinich. Remember today we did that thing about who had the worst wig and somebody mentioned his name. Well, I hadn't seen him in a very long time. He was on. They hit him on here a few days ago. I'm one of the talking of man. You're right. He looks like Marlton drag. He's unbelievable. Anyway, if you're tired looking like that or you just have that big ugly bald spot. And as soon as I mentioned bald spot, Boker Brian walked in the door. Just a coincidence, I guess. Get yourself the natural hairline system from Chuck Alpere. When you call the studio, you'll mention the arrogance on the October Rocks author regular price. And you have nothing to lose, but that growth test nasty ugly bald spot. Because you were Charlie System for 30 days. Everybody gets this guarantee. If after 30 days you don't love it and the way it looks and feels and smells the whole deal, you're not getting all kinds of action. Well, Charlie, give you a full refund. So call today, 1-800-3-21-24-13 and look better and younger than you ever thought you would again. 1-800-3-21-24-13 or log onto their infamous website at the end of the day. And from this website at CharlesOffirie.com. The final one, and the one. This is what you'll find to give a few AM. Yo Yo, let's read more free the old big show. Oh! Oh! That's now! We pass the time away in the geo jayahoo, oh! I'd like to welcome you all to tonight's Miami Dolphin banquet. We'll be starting the evening off with the few words from Mo Howard David. I got out of my way, I got into the room. This thing odd here. A good-eating and paradise. Jump in and join. Hey, hey, hey, hey. I'm on it to be your under the day of the night. Yeah, I almost didn't make it. Because the tailor ran out of play ed for my leisure suit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, DACA! Oh, DACA! Yeah. Which reminds me of the time, and my wife was late taking to the garbage shop. And she ran after the truck yelling, and my two late. And they said, no, jump in. They said, no, jump in. I'm sick of it. I'm sick of it. It's stuffy. I got a good clean you over here. Why should the queen of the spick at all the less? Hey, I'm talking over here. The man you're respectin' attention. Now why don't you dump your bastards just to dump the f*** up? You wouldn't see? If you don't? Why, I'll see you, dude. That the organising station has you all but hey. I think this is right now. If you feast, no, we pay the attention. Come on, call us this ain't fun, dude. Hey, how about not on a rare football? Sure. I got the correct information. I'll write your information. Put all of my ass. It's an official regulation. Put all of my ass. Yeah, I said, put my plug for the next time I've dug it in here. Just think that I've got to be raped in the beginning. Now I pick the bad date of Quitsmith and gloom. I guess so. 1246 and 560. Here's Frank says we hockey fast. Thanks Frank. But let's not overdo it. 778 votes on air a totally bogus total of which I say about 270 at least their phony with this NRA crowd. Come in to QAM. Hello. Yes sir. Hey Neil, how you doing? Okay. Just want to say thank you for speaking the truth here. We've got all the way to the end of the box. Guns are about to bad politicians here in the soft floor and wherever it may be. You speak the truth. So I appreciate that. I think about a year ago you made a statement I'm going to give. Good advice. It's about to be a bad athletic group here in the soft floor. The bad one. The ethnic groups have different racial problems here in soft floor. Yeah, however, but he hates each other. Yes. Right. You said something. I didn't get a finish but I'm just, thank you for what you said. You said something about what you thought. You thought, you don't have a child in the chance and hell. But he said do the best you can. And if one of the kind to do here in soft floor. Exactly. That's all you can do man. Yeah. And I appreciate that. I took that advice. No, I didn't get a sentence. The action. Then get a finish of the box. Keep up the good work. Just look around and realize where you are. Okay. Hang in there, Proud. All right. 13 to 1 or 5 60. So see if Eric would have told me that stuff. He just told me I would have been a little more sympathetic to his cause. But nobody tells me nothing. Nobody talks to me. I don't want to do like inside stuff on here. But why not? No, seriously. I don't know what he about that stuff. That could have been resolved days ago. Just went and down. Get it to hell out. It's not worth it. I'll just imagine how much more food we let there for us. So anyway, like I'm not even going to go into the result of the poll. It's so bogus. We're going to have to exercise that thing and like rearrange the percentages because, you know, we got some crazy people out there like, like I've said, that's when you got problems. Crazy people with guns, boy. You got a real problem. That's the USA for you. WQAM. QAM. Yes, sir. Number one is member of day. And I wanted to say on my 33rd birthday, my last one stuck in South Florida. You're the only thing about this town. Thank you very much. Welcome. I said, you're the only good thing about this town. They wouldn't know a sport of it. Not to puck out of them. And please kill the call. Kill the calls? Yes. No more, please. This is the last call. Well, no. But after today, please, kill them. I just wanted to get in one time. I've been listening to you nine years. And God bless you, thanks. Okay. God bless you. No forget God. God begins with G. And so does God. God's and guns. Makes me want to play that pop and timid about the Bartles and Sun. Or no, we got Bartles and Sun, likeers and guns. But what's that one about the old, you know what I'm talking about? You know the one I'm talking about with the old, a tabernacle, the guns and whatever that thing is. I'd find it. A tomorrow, I'll play it. Way, way, I'm getting way too old to be a search and first stuff at this end time of the show. Yes, I am. Like, no, I'm going to stick about that. Ancient. Week from the day 60 years old, baby. Ancient. And if there's one thing that makes me nauseous, I've been in people that were ugly hairpieces is men who lie about their age. Wow. That makes me just want to bark. Talk about vain. You know what I'm talking about? Really vain and gay. Yeah. WQAM. Hey guys, tickets left. How about your friend? I think tickets left. Yeah, we got tickets for you. Okay. What are you going about 72? You got any tickets left? Uh-huh. I think the guy that called before him was right. But we're continuing with the calls because I like him. WQAM. Neil. Yes sir. I thought that hockey game last night. I'm sorry. Well, it was a great game. Told about five minutes left. It was only a great game because Longos stood on his head the first two and a two and two through his periods. That's your reason was a great game. It was a miracle they were still in that game. I mean, how big would it make a couple of phenomenal saves too? But for nine minutes in a row, what a path there's didn't even have a shot. Nine minutes in a row without a shot? What kind of an effort is that? Help sometimes the youngsters are a little afraid to shoot it. Well, you know something we don't need to quite so many youngsters in the organization. We need like a few guys that aren't afraid to shoot it in order to say. But I kind of like the way they're playing this year. I like I've been watching the games and I know they're not a great team going in. But sir, let me say something. This franchise is existed for ten years. They've made the playoffs three times in ten years. They're not going to make the playoffs this year. There are two chances, none and much less than a. They're not going to be how long you think the public is going to continue to support that. How long can we keep talking about young guys who are really putting on an effort. But aren't good enough to make the egg rate. That's for the kind of prices there charging, uh, forget about it. That's not going to cut it. Well, you got a good point there. But I, you know, I still root for the team. I watched it. Oh, I'm not knocking that, but I'm just saying it's pretty damn hard to stay interested. It is. It's early. Yeah. Yeah. And don't forget most of the teams they've played so far, Ben Girl's teams including the Leafs. And in closing. Yes. If I had one word to describe, Jeff Bush, it would be condescending. Yeah. He just, he looks down as knows that everybody, he just thumbs as knows that everything. Well, when your bum with this, a golden spoon up your ass, that's what you look at other people. And in those little quotes that, you know, you get on tape, or he doesn't know the tape recorders. Yeah. It just proves it. Yeah. Hang in there, pal. Later. Goly's go. Yeah. Good old jab. Like I said, just that just to tape recording alone, just to events in that one meeting that he thought would never get out. Never we made public. That alone should disqualify him from endorsement by the Harold or the sunset or any other responsible anybody, anybody with an IQ larger than three. But not in this state. I'm not going to imply that anybody's getting paid off or anything like that, but there's something that really smells. As much as the tote cheese from mode this morning. Seriously, he was late and so far over to that chair. I thought he was going to fall into Gildi's lap. Maybe that's what he's trying. You know, he keeps leading way off to the side. So he, you know, seriously, you want to come in here early in the morning and see the routine that goes on. He is so terrified. He might have to look at the window behind him in there in the bullpen because he might actually see me or George, but especially me. Ooh. Man. And after I do want to win the building, he makes sure that the Robert and the what's his Zack and their clothes that door like like the like Godzilla had just come in the building. Shut that thing. There's that. Good ball. I love you too, Mom. It's a 1252. I'm going to miss that one. I'm out of here for month and a half. I'm going to miss bonding with Moana morning coming in there, padding him on a purple piece. That's not a bad one. Purple piece to the tune of purple. Hayes are like that, Brian. Anyway, let me tell you, dry concepts will take the purple and the black and the brown and the schmuss out of your carpets. And I'll set a course as the color of them, which I doubt. At any rate, if you want your carpets, branch, branch, bank and new, these are the people who can do it for you. I've been using them in my house for over 20 years and during that period of time. I have to earn everybody. I know on dry concepts. Everybody in my family, even little George. Everybody in the universe who's got even a little bit of a brain. Calls dry concepts because they're the best. Even Moana said that we could to a ghost. You said to me, you know something? They really are the best. Very good, Mom. It's about time you got something, right? Anyway, you'll agree with me that give your written guaranteed price before they start to job. They dry clean your carpets, which sucks out even the deepest dirt down there in the fibers of your carpet. It makes them look just like Brian, new smell, lemony fresh and stay clean or longer in last longer, too. And they also do an unbeatable job of all these other things for nature cleaning, drapery cleaning spotting, fiber protection, carpet repairs, implant a renal rug service for your precious renal rug, the authorization complete water damage restoration, too. Check them out on the web if you like it, dry concepts.com, but very, I've given them a call because they'll never disappoint. They'll do a stupidious unbeatable job. In Broward call 954, 370778. 954, 3707778, in date or Palm Beach call 1-800-248-5071. I wonder what Tim means when he says he's tuning back in slowly. Like, you know, like for five minutes a day and then 10th, maybe a half an hour tomorrow. That's, uh, in date and Palm Beach, 1-800-248-5071, clean today, entertained and night with dry concepts. Why? And local, we're sports radio 560s, you a UAM. Have a penis. Back in the day when someone's on a strong, we didn't take their crowd. In Broward, Broward, when the japs drop their bombs. We bomb them back, and now the sun is, they hit us hard. And on our hearts, our little flag's quaint. As that song, he lovin' retired voice of bombers the wrong way. Oh, like, and oven barons to be in Americans, where they find no bullshit, she's new diamond states of arrogance, that by bullshit his family, re-they got this country, but, uh, hampering toys to darkest days, and I disagree. I don't want to be a packs of Americans. Think they got down to us, hey. What's a few thousand innocent lives stop living in the mess? If you want that as you feed to dry, you're gonna need more gas. It's the greatest country in the world. They train us too, willy, and anyone who says that, obviously, and afford to be. And diamond barons to be in America, where we pay three of it, please. We've a flag and would ask with our hand in the sand. And lightly follow the powers that be at the head to the king. Watching state produce on a 60-by-win-screen, scratcher balls and five, everything's okay. Okay, damn you, essay. Okay, I'm less mad. Yeah, I'll come back. 1258, it's five and six, you, that's magnificent. It's really great. Gonna piss a lot of people off though. That was book of Brian, by the way. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Wow, it's just, it's just, it's just fun and you know what I'm saying, just fun and you. Uh-huh. So Larry King got beat up by Hannity and surelock Holmes last night. How do you like that? Goes to show you a layer when you get to be over the age of 100 and you start snapping your suspenders on. He was kind of like, mow on a radio snapping those verticals veins. How do good idea? Everybody under the age of 100 tunes out, went and out. They tune out. Don't be frustrated. You're done, Larry. You're old me. Anyway, we got the man dog coming up next. I was going to be the result of the pull, but it's so pointless now. We have eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight, folks. Man, should we sure struck an herb today, baby? Yeah. Eight hundred and twenty and nine votes. What's your take on guns in the US? 468 say, don't ever have for the second amendment. My guns got damaged. I've watched about 350 of those are fake. Uh, it's too late. Gunouts were in a country 162. They were legitimate number one answer. Too many gun loving red next 96. Only police should have guns 47. No private citizens should have handguns 42. And only police and hunters should have guns 13. And just to show you how patriotic and feeling they did. Did you see Michael Moore I don't know who last night? No, of course not. He would have had like another viewer. Uh, just to show how patriotic I'm going to came out right now. Bye, bye, bye. You're welcome. I'm welcome. You're welcome. You're welcome.