So today, most of this is how Florida's only real source of your daily QAR. Or, or broadcast conversations. And tell you QAR.com. See, most words are in Halloween week. Lovely. Orange black. This is everybody who listens to your show. No. You gave me. Okay. And my main character was a guy in Jack Malloy who had worked in Vegas. And who got Almighty, who knows more about Vegas than you, Hank. So, I said, what job she's he have had. And you said, casino host and people just fell in love with this guy. So I'm going to bring him back and screw up his life and see if he can get out of it again. For a second, please. How are David Stukpitch? There is a girl in extra white jeans. A girl who said, weighs a ton. And she's living with the women at the funny play toys in the house of the ladies. A ride. When she was young and a restaurant with a boy, he didn't know that she was gay. Until he noticed each time they went out, she went for the seafood buffet. Just look at all those his dike. Sister's now. Just look what they have done. The minute she comes home from work to that door. Well off her bed, she's come. She laid it down. Just stop publishing the rosy mag. Let the laid off staff not paid. And rose his girlfriend whose pregnant. Right now, I guess she just only got laid. There is a girl with extra white jeans. And her chain or she's become. And she goes by the name of rosy oldie in the house of the ladies. She goes by the name of rosy mag. I can't believe that. Wow, what's me by lucky day? How are David's a bit? I changed my mind. 903 at 5.60 WQA. Happy Thursday too. So anyway, tonight's a big night. Even ugly Chuck is going to be their treasure island. Ninets are usual thing that we do on Wednesday. But it's for how we night tonight. Needless to say. So join George who's on vacation. But of course, doesn't want to miss out on the cash. And whatever else you might get. I think it's only going to be the cash. George, Bokeb Ryan and ugly Chuck. Now, fat boy wrote this thing. He didn't put Carlos. He wrote Chuckie. Hey Chuckie. From 5 to 7 at Treasure Island this afternoon. It's the big Halloween party with drink specials. On Cosmic Jelly, Yellow, Shots featuring Stephanie Evans. 5 to 7 at Treasure Island just off the palm of the 120 second street. She's not the one the escorter or whatever they call her. Yes, she is. I understand way in a back of the room if I were you and bring lots of paper towels. That's my suggestion. Now, Mike who must be psychic. Since we are first back to the morning. Could you please remove that ugly picture from your website? Well, Mike, your wishes are command. Not because you wish for it, but there's a long story we'll talk it into. A long story about that thing. I just want to say this right now. We've played on this program over the last few years. 80 stringent. Parodies on Bill Clinton. Skating, biting, ripping, humorous. 80 men, Al Gore, 20 million. Any complaints ever? No. Anybody getting hysterical about it? No. See, one thing limited difference. One of the many differences. Between moderates, liberals, anybody to the elective atilla de hun. And conservatives, or at least today's conservatives. And that is the the rest of us. Other than the conservatives, we got a sense of humor. The conservatives, the only thing they find funny is Bill cigar Monica's vagina. That's very funny, but other than that, they got no sense of humor. They're uptight and out of sight. So anyway, he says the two assholes make kissing almost makes me hurl y'all the other. He says replace it with a picture of moe, then I could print it and use it for target practice. Well, guess what, Mike, you wish is our command. Not this moe, but it's going to be moe Howard, the real one. He's going to be on there. So we're taking that first cut off of that CD. Not that I'm not going to play it again, but because there's a whole long, convoluted thing going on here. And it's just not worth the aggravation. It's just not worth the grief. Eric, it's not worth it. And of course it was all started by and the woman who dropped off that video tape this morning, how to get yourself some serious help, okay? Drops me off a birthday gift, it's a video tape, and I'm not even going to mention the website. White wing paranoia. This guy who's next guest is G Gordon Litty. Oh, brother. It's enough to make me want to say Howard David's a bit. But I won't say it. So anyway, this newsmax.com. You might want to check that out if you're into right wing paranoia. That's the website where Condoleezza Rice targeted by racial song parody. So this guy obviously saw on the our website, came across that thing with a picture. And of course, unfortunately, I had no idea who had the idea with the wording on there about the name of the song, cause it's an aggraved morning. And then Fox news, let me just a message saw you ask holes at Fox news, including that bits. It's been calling everybody 100 times every day. We're not interested because I know exactly what you're looking for. That is to take something out of context, twist it into something that it's not. Make a whole big stimulus about it for fun in your profit, okay? On the fascist news network. See, that's their motto at Fox unfair and unbalanced all spin all day. They're the spin monsters, including Bill don't confuse me with the facts or Riley. For him, it's me nauseous. I turned it on for the first time in months last night for about two minutes, and that's all I can handle. Talk about a self-serving papa sense. You know what he is? He's a rush wannabe. A rush wannabe and as much as I disagree politically with rush. You got to admit he's got his, I mean, your small potato's bill, okay? You're in a dream world. And by the way, Mufford and Hell's the guy named Raining Book, you know? It's Thursday already. I know I'm not going to get my champion like that, that's another reason. PD Lenny man, you're so full of crap. Luckily though, make a second clock, I'm looking at my diet right soda. I do like diet right. And I forgot their mind you. Yeah, thanks. Chuckie. Diver at Kiwi's strawberry, no less no reason I like diet right is not only just got, it's got no caffeine, it's got no nothing in it. And the taste? And taste great. If you're like diet soda, you don't need no diet soda, your skin is a, 1193 votes on a skinny, is itkabod crane happy Halloween folks? A lot of folks are praying for rain tonight. I mean, heavy, heavy rain isn't that in the forecast? They were saying the other day. Well, and Brian, no more cross. I am so sick and tired of your act. Everyday, well, I, they were going to have the humidity, made it slowly, slowly going on. He's been saying that for three weeks. And every day we set a new temperature record, and it's so humid you could got the in fry eggs on the sidewalk. Where's the rating book, Muff? No, seriously, you can't tell me it's not here yet. Well, they, when they said sometime, maybe next week, I didn't think that they met this late in the week. No, it would have been here. I think they're hiding it. Probably Greg is sitting on it. Maybe he and Square, are sitting on it together, and the book too. Here's more stuff about priest. Oh, gee, I don't, I'll put it on my pile. Thank you very much. I got too much important stuff going on here. So anyway, if you want to check out newsmax.com, this guy takes stuff out of context. And of course, I'll explain this morning, and then I will play the song. I will play it all at a very, very exciting. I'm not going to stop playing that song. We have one complaint that all of a month. We play that song in a show. No, and you want to know why because the people listen to the show. Understand what it's all about. Understand what it's all about. I'll get into it at length. Let me $193 votes. What's your take on the 200 plus Haitians who were smuggled in. I mean, who got here on Tuesday? Smuggled in, huh? What a surprise, not. And for I'll tell you something, poor Jeff. He doesn't know what they'll do. And there is of all people, carry mec. You know, carry. I'm really glad you did that, because politically it's wonderful. But from a pragmatic sake for the black folks that you're supposed to be representing. The first jobs that Haitians take when it come in here are black Americans. Those are the first jobs they take away. Yep. So I don't understand what you and then all these is a columnist. Oh, it just wrenches your heart, Michael Mayoy. You know, that's fine. But these people could be from Haiti. They could be from Guatemala. They could be from all kinds of place. What are starving into the conditions are terrible. And there's slippers. What does that mean? So we're going to be bleeding hearts and feel sorry for the whole world all over again. I'll tell you, I'm watching MMSNBC yesterday when I'm starting to agree with Papu Cannon and get pissed off and don't press. I know something's wrong somewhere. You know, bleeding heart bill press. But at any rate, they have come out to be. It was a smug reveal. But anyway, here's what it said. No more refugees. Close the gate. 688 almost 1200 volts. 57.4%. They should be sent back immediately. No questions asked. 217.8.8.1%. They should be allowed to apply for political asylum. 171.4.2%. They should all be allowed to stay only 65.4%. Only Cuban should be allowed to stay when it reaches the US. 56.6% fixed. I said that. And I'd like to point out by the way, I'm sure that a lot of you are aware of it. This new policy, which I haven't really thought very much about. But the new policy about the Haitians being detained and held in the attention for possibly months. This is a George W. Bush thing. That's ridiculous. And here's an article in which one is it? The hero source of US policy on Haitian migrants will well-kept secret. And 10 Kennedy called hearing the trying to get the find out where to held this whole policy came from and how they sneaked it in there. It's a racial thing. There's no question about it. A racial and political thing. Because like I said yesterday, Haitians have no political cloud and they tend to vote democratic if they vote. And Cubans, we know where to how they vote. So Jim Bush can talk about. How they should be treated like everybody else. Does that include Cubans, Jeff? No, he didn't mention that. Call your brother in a White House. Oh, give me a break. He talked to the White House. Even say I talked to my brother because that would be bad for me. He's going to talk to the White House. Just to the House, not to anybody in it. Talk to the building. Didn't get much response. Got about as much responses when I talked to Mo. Howard David's. Okay, just calm down. Okay, just relax. It's going to be a big night Monday and green vagus calm down. 11 past nine at five 60 WQM. We got a new pool for today and line with all this history again about words and people taking things out of context and trying to twist them around just like you grave robber's there at Fox. But with all the stuff that's going on with a sniper and the elections and the big rally. I'm going to sort of that the Jesse got all been out of shape about Jesse Ventura that is and all the Republicans and then the ad Coleman goes on TV. He's doing interviews in front of a picture of the same kind of plane at Paul Valsdon. Why then? Well, what's going on here? And you wonder why nobody votes? Wonder why nobody votes? 11 after nine at five 60. If you're tossing in turn at night, not probably not because you're worried about all these things but because your mattress sucks. It's lumpy. It's bumpy. It's worn out. So if you're feeling cranky because you can't get a good night sleep. Do the smart thing called a bedding experts at dial a mattress. One 800 mattress. When you call it number you'll be guaranteed a stupid. They do pen to the great solid night sleep. No matter even if they're drop an eight-bombs next door. Tattle mattress carries all the top brands, Seely, Cirta Simmons, King Coral and every size and covered level, which means the mattress you want is in stock available for immediate delivery. Recently they set up the lovely McGill with a brand new bed and he is just screwing his brains out into it and got a big smile on his post. He looks better than ever. The folks at dial a mattress did exactly what they promised like they always do. No BS. No excuses. No B&L. No Baton's wish just a great comfortable relaxing night sleep for McGill and his lovely fiance, whoever he is. When the crew from dial a mattress got to McGill's home, they set up his mattress to go away to crappy old smelly one. So I'll be tempted by stores going out of business who can't and won't deliver. And don't forget today's the last day to take advantage of this. That's right. It's the 31st. Free delivery from dial a mattress if you call and get you new mattress today. So do what today. 1 800 mattress. That's the number to call. And do like McGill and I do sleep like a baby. 1 800 mattress. 1 800 MATTT RES for dial a mattress. Brand name beds for busy. People don't forget call today and take advantage of free delivery. Just the last day for that. I like and love all. This is for 205. You way. Don't have a penis. No. No all bush. Daughter of Florida Governor Jeb Bush records her first page from her prison audio diary. I cannot believe that pompous egotistical judge actually sent his need to jail. Me to jail. Hello. Do you see my last name on the document? Bush. By the time my dad jab gets none with him, he won't be able to scratch his danglers without the sheet coming down on him. He won't even be able to get an internship with bird. The black bail is from Judge Judy. I wonder if the prison pharmacy looks at my scre for Sanx. They better. Maybe it wasn't such a good idea to watch all that crack in my monoloblanics. I should have stowed the junk in the trunk. If you know what I mean. I got 10 days of jail and my boo's pound cousin Jenna Skates. My father's got no juice. He can rig an election but he can't keep his own flesh and blood out of jail. Oh. Did I say that? I didn't mean that. I got to go. We got a big game behind the carrot going in the recroom. Did I say that? I didn't mean that. Yes, we are. Get out of here, Mom. If you're beyond a year and a second before you know it. 9.16 at 5.60 WDQ. I am. Yeah, you have your own show. Duff is going to do a little show here today until you're all about all the problems we have in the building. We don't have any problems. Everything is beautifully written. Paradise. Make no mistake about that. Although I did hear that. Howard David's bitch. Oh, that's not the right one. Well, maybe somebody is. Anyway, so we got the rating book. It sucks. Not too good. I'll know you know something. It's up from last summer. So what do you want? What do you want? We had a little George on there. It's up from last summer. What is he? I've given you the old thumb. What is he saying? We're up a SharePoint. We're up a whole SharePoint from last summer. There you go. Ron, are we in baby? Oh, even though Howard David's the bitch. And she's by the bed. Okay, let me take a look and see. You know where we really dropped off because it's probably partly because of my reading all that crap on here that pondress. It is. Don't you think all that we went up? Man 18 to 34. How about you? We took a precipitous crap. You know what I'm saying? This station doesn't for a sports station. This station doesn't. I was looking at that 95 book. Where the hell was it? It's around here somewhere. At IOD. Man 18 to 34. Wild did much better back. That was 19.95, seven years ago. Much better. Wouldn't you think 18 to 34 would be a pretty decent demographic man? You would think so? Yeah. It's a very football season. No, those guys. Well, when we got the punks, you know. Oh, not that good. That's all though. Look at that. Last summer, many 18 to 34, but that's 10 to 3. That's all I'm adding. All I'm adding is the bogust you like. I mean, it really big August. 1.7 last summer, a 2.5 to 10 to 3. Now what about in the, uh, oh, oh. Mornings. 6 to 10 a.m. Last summer, we had a 1.8 net. This time we got just a, uh, 0.8. 0.8 in the morning. Woo. Man, what if that's because Howard David's a bit. I wonder if that has something to do with it. I don't know. But we just don't to kick and say 18 to 34 at all. And, uh, am I looking at the right station? Oh, no, that's not us. That's, uh, I OD. I can't. Well, I'm mentioning WIO. Do you want to win? Oh, how do we to God damn book on? Oh, look at that. We went up from last summer. And I was gone. Well, you're the best baby. Must be that hairpiece. Last summer, we had a 3. Oh, that's not the right one either. I could carry on till noon with this. Let me give you this. I'll just give you some numbers. One, three, two, five. Yeah. Let's go. 1.5 last summer, 1.2 in a demo in a morning's this time. So down just a hair. Oh, sorry. Said that. Down just a couple of. Kinky hairs. Mo. What about the bit. Oh, who? 3.0 last summer in a midday. Mostly George and then a 3.3 this time. But that wasn't George's. And that was the mad dog with a focus August. He had a month and August. You think that everybody in the world was doesn't mad dog. And by the way, mad dog quit talking about my sponsors. They're ripping off your phone number. You know how long. First mortgage America has been on this show. How long? One was alien. What was that going on? Because that number that number 1.800 L.E. N.D. I used to say, Ali, Ali, Ali, Ali on. What happened to your how I used to say it? I remember. How long ago was that? That's at least two years ago, right? Maybe I think more than that. So they've been on here on a show for a coup in Zagin. He's on your understanding. You know, you got a peddle of your sponsor. You know, you got a good luck. You mad dog. You got some. But get out of here with that crap about they stole your number or their number. Hey, alright. Do you know that I had this is the truth. Not that anybody gives a crap. E.11. E.11 solicitation calls at home yesterday. I get home at one thirty. I mean, who knows how many times it rings in a morning? They're going up then. E.11. Seventy day before 11 yesterday. And then you know when the last one was a fax? 12.55 in a morning. Five to one. I'm sound asleep. I hear the phone ring. Our reachover luckily. I got a phone right by the bed. I reachover and grab it. Beating of the faxing sound. Right. Five to one in a morning. So it's probably like a west coast thing. And I never thought about that. Or sometimes they do it at that time because they know that. They won't get a busy signal. The great. I'm going to tell you something. You ask holes that keep a bug in us on our phone at home. We're going to stick in really pissed off and fired up. Aren't we? Just like the American public. Like they got a cold in yesterday about people should there should be revolutions in the street. Not from this crowd. No. Not from this crowd. Not America today. Too passive. Too many followed leader kind. Oh, did we redo the pull here? Eric? What was that all about? I'm going to have to vote again. Here's the pull today. Which one of these words do you think is most offensive? Nigger, spick, cike, faggot, wop, or none of the above. They're just words. That's in line with that video that we play Kiss and Ager Good Morning. I'm going to have a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of but it's like a breeding ground for a wacko as wingnuts. So this newsmax calm and you can read it if you want, I'm not going to take the time to read it. Congolese rice targeted by racial song parody, the Togree campaign against African Americans at the Bush White House is said to turn ugly when they're coming weeks with a release of a new music CD featuring a cover photograph of President Bush Reading National Security Advisor Condolese rice with a social kiss and a track inside called Kisay and doesn't even spell that out. You have the blanks and blanks that out. God forbid, morning. Oh God forbid. Performed by Volkab Ryan, a soft photo singer whose turdies are regular feature on the New York. And then it goes on about Mr. Rogers, whose white has a website that features an array of anti Bush material such as harsh biographies by former Clinton aid Paul Begallan, a Civic Texas critic Molly Ivins, as well as links to reports like smoking gun, evidence I may be above. Well, you know, it's interesting. I'm not going to waste my time writing stories and the sending missiles around the country about your right wing of website because I don't really give a crap. You can pull whatever kind of garbage I know you want, but don't take stuff out of context from this show and try to make it seem like something that it's not, which is just exactly what the Fox people were trying to do and we're not going to play the game with them. And by the way, honey, if I go there, Fox, the CDs you ordered, you're not going to get them. And either is anybody else. We're not the airs, not sending you those out. So if you ordered one of those and you wanted that particular cut, you ain't going to get me, you can get your money back or whatever. Huh? Go. Because they're just replacing it with another moment. It's going to be all moments with a different cover because the right wingers want to make a big stimulus about it. It's not worth it. It's not worth having him up there going through all the grief of physical threats and wackos and all this other crap. This is the way the right wing deals in this cover. You have no more freedoms anymore. This business are freedom of speech is a myth. And what they're looking for next Tuesday, man, they're foaming at the mouth right now. They've already got control of the two thirds of the government, the judiciary and the executive, and now they can get control of legislative next Tuesday to have a clean sweep. Next Tuesday could be the last election we ever have quite frankly. If it was up to them, it was up to them no more elections. My dictatorship. But at any rate. So that's our pull question today. So far we already got 27 votes, which were of these words you find most offensive. None of the above they're just words 16, which is obviously the right answer. Nigger 7, Kike 4 and Unperspect Faggot or Wop. How about if it's the do-op shop? They get upset about that. They got upset when at God God can. Poor Tom Jick or what a big thing about that. And then couldn't even get the frequency right for waxy. You know, waxy 710, I mean, 790. Come on Tom, get something right. Get a place. Oh, he's a little bit of the right. So here's the book that I've been screaming about to bring you in. Wait to see what we got in. Of course, this doesn't mean anything for us. Because the numbers we see when used to be on 10 to 2 Neil. Yes. Then it was like most of the 10 to 3 day part. Because the day parts are broken up 6 to 10 a.m. 10 to 3, 3 to 7, 7 to 7, 7 to midnight. Right. Now that it's 6 to 10, 10 to 3. Well, this doesn't tell me anything about what we're doing. And this is how the breaks are. So what did you bring me this stupid book for, Doc? I'm just a joke. But you bring me this stupid ass book. We need Maddie Bell to break this all down. No matter how you break it down, the summertime here sucks. There's nobody here to sampling his growth test. It's set of and so on. Let's see, women. Look at the women we got. We have no women on this show. That's part of the problem. IOD, we average about a 1.5-year and woman 25 to 54 on my show, which is still pretty inversingly low. Here, you know what the average is in the last four books of 0.9 in midday, 0.9. I think it's the gathering. The gambling. The gambling, the gambling talk. It's a sports station. And it's an AM station. You think most women listen to AM stop talking about I'm going to be a jive 100. Listen to AM radio. See, that's one good thing about fascist news network about Fox. That makes me feel a little bit. I was thinking about this last night. Even though they got those big numbers, nobody under the age of 100 watches any of those talking had that worse. Unless there's something really special going on like the sniper dealer post 9-11. Other than that, nobody out of the age of death watches CNN, MSNBC or Fox News. They may have a big lot of comedy. Huh? Fox News for a little bit of comedy. What's it all on? No. There's no comedy on that. It's the fascist news network. All spin all day, unfair and unbalanced. And they got the goal to talk about fair and balanced. And there's a bunch of people out there stupid enough to believe that. I think if they're attracted that pancake makeup, that's what does it. All the orange people. I mean, you got to face it. There is no other network that has as many orange people on here as they do in Fox. That's true. What couldn't you think they could afford a little bit? And of course, why should they change? Oh, by the way, good news for Chuck E. Beesley radio post to profit. Are you ready for that? Wow. Beesley, broadcast and somebody facts this to me. But thank you very much. PD Lenny already came in here to disturb me deeply this morning by 20 was sound. Beesley, the Naples based radio broadcast, after that, a six station is how to report a net profit. Nearly one and a half million dollars a net revenue of 28.8 million for the three months. Any September 30th compared to a net loss of 11.5 million a net revenue last year is same period. How do you like that? They said that favorable same station revenues and improvements, by advertising contributed to the third quarter results. All right, so they're making some money to have any facts paper here. No, it's Chuck E. gotten paid yet. No. Keep pricks. That's what Bobmer Bootsen. You know what else he said? Howard David's a bitch. 926 at 560 WQM. Let's face it. You've been here to a big amount of money. It's been getting paid a serious amount of cash. You've been here to talk about fast rain for a long time and wondered if it makes sense for you. Well, if you're underpaid, if you're not even getting paid like Chuck E. The facts are simple, if you have the dedication fast drink and provide you with necessary training to become a certified computer professional. According to Time Magazine, the demand for computer professionals will continue to explode. There's no end in sight, so to speak. The average student completes the training in four short months attending school three nights a week. Once you completed your certification, fast removal assist you in obtaining your new computer job, fast rain advice you to come and visit their trained career counselor and determine which track is ideal for you. Love it on Sayoda Downs. Jackson harness race, where whichever one you like. Second of, call fast train toll free. One, eight six fast rain to set up your appointment with four ruido so downs. With four convenient locations, you'll find it in Miami, Pembroke Pines for Loderdell and their brand new one in Kindle. So don't forget there's about to be one nearby where you live. Don't forget to ask the career counselor for list of students just like you or currently in their dream jobs. Thanks to training at fast train to while you're at it. Call them today. There's no obligation. Get yourself on a road to make in some serious books. Get out of your dead end job and stay out of radio by the way. Call fast train. One, eight six, six fast train. That's one, eight six, six fast train or check them out of the wicked worldwide web. In the middle of all that's mung at fast train dot com. My and local, your sports radio five 60s. You and you. You a yeah. All brother. If Bokeb Ryan is listening, this piece of craft that you just facts to me. If you send this to anybody, I will personally come to your house and strangle you. See, this is no, your laugh and this is not funny. If I was to read this to you off the year, I just pulled us off the fact machine. We go on, probably got as we got Eric and Bokeb Ryan are in business together. They got their own little empire going. I see. Yeah, and it's on my website with my name on it. Okay. I'm at this point ready to just say take the whole guy damn thing off it. All together. There is a line in here that is so outrageous because I found out from a good friend of my late last night who were the so this newsmax dot com thing was behind us. And he's got a paragraph and he was so outrageous that was based on some speculation the other day and he puts it down here. He's sending this out allegedly to people who wanted to buy that CD. You're a crazy person, Bokeh, you're out of control. When you see this, you're just going to, you're going to just throw your arms up and you're like I'm about to do and I'll say forget about it. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, the quit going off on your own and doing stuff. Okay, quit doing stuff. Just crawl onto the bed Bokeh, crawl onto the bed. Get yourself a lot of yellow and blue pills and get out of here. Man, what a crazy person. Maybe you ought to go up to Orlando and you'll go up with Eric, okay? The two of you can run off and just eat all these. Anym on a phone? No, you tell him if he sends this out to one person, I will personally come to his house with Luca Brazzi and will send with Moe's wig and will like us squash him like an ant because that's patently untrue. It's Eric. Oh, I thought it was Boca Bran. Well, you tell Eric to get a hold of his little quizzling neck. See, this is all on the air here. This is great. I don't want to be doing this. I want to be doing a radio show. But the two of them, out of control, this thing got so far off. Okay. 72 votes on a poll, which of these words do you think is the most offensive? The only reason I'm doing this is because it is big stink about kissing a good morning. Let me give you the background, the real background. First of all, before anybody on this show or any of you out there were talking about kind of leaves and rice. Many, many months ago, in fact, I got it off the net this morning. Where'd it go? The guy's name is Randall Kennedy. A black professor, college professor Randall Kennedy, and he wrote a book called Nigger, the strange career of a troublesome word. He was on CNN. He was on MSNBC. I'm sure he must have been on Fox, but because I don't watch them very often. I don't know, but I'm sure he was on here. He was making a rounds because of the controversy. Also, you'll discover what was that all about? Just saying that all the worried that he's not something anything else. Anybody, but I don't know how he knows if Boca Bran is something. Because they're joined at the hip. Don't you understand better. But it would be a bit of a, it's a tool that they're like running their whole guy at our website. They're going to have to do with my guy named website. My name is on there. Stop. See, send a sist. Anyway, so let's see, Nigger and autobiography by Digregory. There are the Nigger Bible by Robert De Quiddler. A whole bunch of books with, this is from Amazon.com. But the first one is Nigger, the strange career of a troublesome word. The point that this guy was trying to make is he was saying it is now in some cases, politically correct. It's acceptable to use the word Nigger. And of course, a lot of black people call each other Nigger. He heard all the time. Hey, Nigger. So anyway, this show for years. My point is being that if you use a lot of words, you take any word. Like today's Thursday, Thursday, Thursday. And you say 50 times in a row, by the time you get to the 50th time, it doesn't know meaning anymore. Exactly. It has no meaning. And so at a point, that's why I'm taking that poll question today. If you say these words often enough, you're desensitized. Yeah, there are a lot of other people like to hurt you would like, you know, bullets and knives. And those things are evil, doers. And bombs. But the fact that a matter is that words, even though it may be old and tried words, don't hurt anybody. If you're going to be all uptight about words and an OJ thing to use the N word, you know, let's grow up already in this country. Okay? And stop worrying about snickin' words. So at the time that that came up, and then at the same time, they had brought up about once at the last 50 times they've done it last three years. And this business about black people wanting restitution for slavery, and they happen to come up pretty much at the same time. So that's when Bokabran put together this thing called the restitution song, or kiss in Nigger Good Morning. And that's what it's all about. Head nothing with Condolisa. And when we put together the CD this year, the Bokabran, the second CD restitution, he found this picture of George W. Planiakis on Condolisa's cheek. The song wasn't written about Condolisa. He got her own song, by the way, which we will play. And we'll continue to be playing these songs on this on this show. Great song. We're not going to let any white wing of Wako's and a guy down their website, try to twist this out of what it means. But that's what they like to do. Don't confuse this with the truth. Just like Bill, don't confuse me with the truth, or Riley. And by the way, I just looked into Bokababran, the book F.T. I'll show it all. Mr. Hot Shot. You know, Lard Nats had a big summer head that huge just September in here with an H.E.R. If you don't show it all there in this market, Mr. Or Riley, don't confuse me with the truth. Mr. Spindoctor. I'll spin all night. Spin this, we'd art. In fact, when they were getting ready to put his ass on the air with that radio show, the people from Fox and those days, you can ask George, we're calling here. Oh, well, we'd like to invite Neil to be a guest on Bill's show. But how about if he won't do that, how about if Bill's it? We don't have guest on his show. But if we want you on it, I'm going to go on his show. So we can let me say about three words and then cut me off in mid sentence and use me as a human prop. The only reason he has guest on a show is to use him as a prop. That's all. In a matter of what they say, he's not that he's not listening to a word they say. Oh, what you're absolutely wrong. And then he comes out with his bogus statistics, which are always wrong anyway. But don't confuse the public with the facts. Just like the right wing paranoid, so listen to Rush for two years, and I've told stories about it. And he just makes up at random about Hillary Clinton killed this one and Bill Clinton killed that one. And you know, just makes it up. Vince Foster did this and, you know, by Frankie Pentangeli all over again. So did I get my point across or not? I think so. Then I explained to the origins of this song and what it's all about. And during all the times that we play them, we have plenty of black people listening to the show. We've never had one complaint. Not one person is said, you'll better stop playing that, Mr. That's what Bill Gray said, because they understand the humor in the show. And they understand it's consistent. I use the word Faggot. I use the word Kike. I use the spik. Who gives a crap about words? You got to have a sense of humor for Christ's. I'm getting palpati. I'm getting palpati. The humor. God. Hey, one must have found a way. Three in birds and four backfades. I'm 200 years ago when they were slaves. We're not only having a mobile home. A pitiful and a pinch of skull. So if you want to ask me how here's what I got to say. You've got to kiss a bigger gunman. You're a real man, you're sorry for it's lay the home. Kiss a bigger gunman. And that's where every money was dead at home. If I was born in 1802, old and slaves ate something I'd do. But what were that people did to you? I have to take the flying. You're a little foreign old man. With the can of fairly cherry in fact, it's still a 40 acres and a view. I have a better way. You've got to kiss a bigger gunman. And one on how a parent bargain for a man to kiss a bigger gunman. No. And that's your best intuition for a slave at you. Kiss a bigger gunman. And tail and that's your sorry for a slave in a month. Yeah, got to kiss a bigger gunman. And that's where every money was dead at home. I'm sorry I'm just so psychotic I could blow my brains up. Boca Brian, Boca off. I don't want to see again. Who's that? That freaky Carlos with that stupid pussy outfit. What was that? Somebody in their Halloween get up. Yeah, I could have seen the. Y'all they was wearing this Halloween get up this morning. Look like a gildy with a shirt on. Be sure. We got to call that that song is played by a black country singer. Yeah. You mean it is? I think so. Black country singer. It's played by a. I don't so I understand what anybody is saying here today. Folks, I think I'm speaking a wrong language. There must be it a wrong place like South Florida. There. Yeah, the song is played by a country singer. Black. Oh, that's right Charlie Pride must seem out of her. Didn't seem that many times. Right. No. I think that might even be the name of the. Charlie Pride sings kiss a nigger good morning. That's what we just got. I don't know. There's another version that he's talking about. So they're strong. Here's time. Hollywood is says congratulations on the bees. Like group profits. That's what Todd said. It was you and that black deal though. What done it? I think you're right. It's a big, big fat one for the nice handle on it. Easy to get a grip on it. Speaking of nose picker, did you see the look on James face? I'm curious. Meek stuck in it. I loved it. I mean politically it was wonderful. Even though she had no business being a, you know, this business. Look, it's not a quite an amazing sensitive. And no, they shouldn't be held in the attention. They should be. They shouldn't have the same rights as the other. Refugees get there. You know, go off with your relatives or whatever. And hopefully they show up with their asylum hearings. And then send them back. Right. Because I don't care what anybody tries to tell you. They're economic refugees. They're not political refugees. Most of the Cubans are needed for that matter. But, you know, that's already water over the dam. And politically it would be too explosive for Jeb or W. Anybody to say, well, let's repeal like Cuban adjustment act. So they're not going to do that. But we can't keep doing this. We just, I mean, how long does it take to learn your lesson in this town? And Mike Mayo and all you other bleeding hearts. Sure it's heartbreaking. But you know, something, how about if all these people came over on a huge ship from Africa? Would you just let him in? And then there's, there's God then built press on him. I could bleeding heart liberal friend on MSNBC. If they talk about the ship St. Louis during WW2 and how they came to Cuba, they turned it away. And they came to Saplaud and after they are turned it away. And they all went back to Europe and got most of them executed. Boy, we're not at war right now. I mean, we're war with terrorism. And by the way, nice job on a homeland security while we're at it. We're able to smuggle these people in who, and it's like that thing I got yesterday said that one article if there are the one facts. If they're able to smuggle in a bunch of people in, right in front of the nose of the court, it was two miles away from the goddamn coast guard. Yep. Two miles away. And they're able to smuggle in 220 people. How about somewhere offshore? We got this big huge coastline in his state. And the whole country for that matter, who knows where to held their Washington people up on shore? And the L president, we got under the guise of Homeland Security. We've got this separate policy for Haitians like there are real threat. Oh, yeah, we got a lot of Haitian terrorists. What is this man talking about? So I hope next Tuesday, even though I don't have it or grid, you added to it's un-immigration. Lot of you Haitian folks out there. I hope next Tuesday, not that they're listening. They remember all of this and go to the polls and vote, even though they probably won't. You see, the people falling on the ground outside the ironest building last night, and the protest rolling around on the ground in psychotic and screaming out. I mean, I can understand probably a lot of these people are their relatives. Right. But you just can't keep opening the doors and let everybody come in here. Why, how tragic it ended while he risked their lives to get in here? What about the people across the Mexican Texas border? You think they're riskin' their lives you bet? Same thing. They shoot them in a heartbeat. You just, I mean, you got to get control especially during these times. If there's anybody doesn't understand that during these times. Oh, but we got Homeland Security. Just look at big comrades. Don't he make you feel secured? No, it scares the hell out of me. Like a wooden Indian. But we're getting way behind. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. We have a lot of people in the US. They don't care about the US. They know when they see when they smell one. Wop three. See it's all a question of the Greece level. They tell the difference between the Greece level. Faggot 7. 7 people out there find out offensive. I find it amusing at this point. For example. I can't stand it. 10 people don't like kikes. I mean, nigger 40. So niggers like moving up there. I'm just worth 109. That's 64.1%. So we got nigger moving up on ladder. So to speak. 11.4.10 at 5.60 WQA. I'm source of US policy on Haitian migrants. Well kept secret. 10 months after was put into effect. The origin of the policy of incarcerating Haitians who arrive on Florida shores seeking political asylum remains a mystery that even veteran legislators apparently can't solve. How do you like that? It's a mystery. Critics decry the policy as discriminatory saying that no other nationality single out in jail. But where the policy came from within the Bush administration or even who established it remains unknown. Like everything else within this administration. It's a deep dark freak and secret. And nobody ain't saying nothing. In a brief statement on the latest arrival of Haitian immigrants in South Florida. And without a sprainly being incarceration policy, Attorney General John Heinrich Kimmer asked crops said that Haitians are being treated fairly appropriately and humanely. Right. Sure. Oh, and did you see what our Reflisher said yesterday. It bolted the Minister of Information. He says, oh, well, that's the policy we have to follow the law and we're not going to change it. And spite of what the president's brother. He didn't say that. And a brother can say he called up here all he wants, but we changed the number. Change the number, jab, get lost. Can we hope you'll lose? In recent months, some legislators on capital that will have sought to tell us from the Bush administration. How the policy was established to keep Haitian asylum secret in jail while their cases were weighed. The administration, however, won't say they won't say they just do things arbitrarily. They won't tell you when it was done. How why it was done? Who done it? And you talk about a free country, about a free guy. And this is what the lot of you people out there embrace. Everything is a deep dark mystery. We've been trying to put a face to this policy. He said Stephanie Cudders, spokeswoman for Senator Edward Kennedy, who cheers. They sent it so committee on immigration. Meanwhile, concerns about Haitian immigration are soaring as the hurricane season winds down and is Haiti's political economic conditions deteriorate with our self-abointed guy that we stuck back in there by the way. Many officials heard that it would take little to the win-tice of flood of Haitians to add for Florida, and during dangerous trips and rickety vessels, not to mention of course being smuggled in. See, that's another thing. If they just let these people stay here and the word gets back on a pipeline, and all of a sudden, just like during Mary Alvabe, you're going to have thousands and thousands of Haitians and others pouring out of the shores. Good what? Crap. In the past month, Haiti has approached the economic tailspin. Its currency, the Gord, has plunged 25% in value, good Gord. Haitian President John Bertrand, our esteed our agai, a former priest no less. Uh-huh. Is attempting to force all or run on his nation's banks, violence by thugs usually against opponents of our esteed is on the rise. He's our thug. Our priest thug. And for all the money that we're going to owe the billions that we're going to pay away not to mention the waste of human life in Iraq, with his, uh, contrived war. There's just imagine how much good instead of just a few million instead of like lip service, we could like really build up the economy down there. Give these people a reason to be alive and put a real government in there. And of course, it has so much more impact on our lives because it's right here in our hemisphere, and we got people washing up on sure from their every goddamn day. Something that really affects our lives. Something that's a threat to the national security and the economy and everything else. But they have no oil as opposed to this fantasy. Oh, but it got good baseballs. You're so in them too tight. The policy of detaining Haitian asylum seekers while they awaited determination of their status began and mid December, surely after a boatload of 1807 Haitians found it off Miami and Rick and Sus Ronnier saying boatloads. And then he never heard that no more. The director from the INS headquarters in Washington, order federal authorities in South Florida, keep Haitian asylum seekers locked up unless otherwise authorized by Washington. INS officials initially denied the director, but are response to a lawsuit. INS acting deputy director Peter Michael Beckraft said in March 19th, David, that the new policy was designed to avoid a mass migration and to discourage Haitians from contemplating dangerous voyages to the US. Right. Right. Be craft was unavailable for combat, the spokesman declined what was the issue. And let me say it again, if the Haitians were a political cloud and if they were right wing, if they voted Republican most of the time, you can be demser there wouldn't be anybody being detained the way they are right now. Not one. Not a single one. In fact, the governor would have been down there with open arms and legs. Okay. Come on like a BDI Bobby Graham was, you know, it's really kind of ironic that Bob Graham is now the big hot shot on the security. The Senate intelligence committee, which in his case is an oxymoron, even though he said a lot of good stuff, you know, recently, but it's about time. But back during the Mary L days where he was down there, hey, come on down, baby. Corrigus the courageous freedom floatella. That's what he was talking about. And of course, in a meantime, for Delay, here's a couple of nice people. Here's a crook, here's a murder. Go put up all the jail's mental institutions. He picked and chose. We went through years of history and his town because of that. And did we learn? Oh, do we ever learn? Then I'm reading a paper this morning, while I'm going to be long lines on election day and the ball of this so long. Oh, they're already predicting a nightmare on Tuesday. This place is hopeless. Tom Jika. There's no need. I don't need to be here to get the feel of this. I know already. It's hopeless. This is the place where they can't do anything right. And talk about neurotic repetition. No matter how many times we can make it at the same mistake, let's try it one more time. Let's see if we can screw it up again. She can do it. Yeah. What the hell was that? What is that? Oh, that was the cue button. I was excited. What is that? I thought we had somebody under the board in there. What is it? What the fuck? What did you say? I said, I confused the stuff out of me. Do you hear what he almost just said? Almost. Yeah, and he said, shh, she, I, I, I, I don't like that. Don't start picking on the Arabs again. Okay, we didn't put them on the thing. Oh, we should have put the laundry head on there, I guess. No, don't do that. Which of these words do you think is the most offensive? 200 and some votes already. None of the above. They're just words God, damn it, 129. Nigger 52, Kike 14, Fag at 8, Lop 3 and spik only 1. Only one spik, uh, psycho. And of course I got them trained on that, you know. You think spik's like span, spik and span? Got this? No, no. You know who like span? Suds, coolman and rednecks like span. Which I never thought it says is a redneck, but it's, it's a strange thing. Here's a facts from John Merrell and Portsain, loosely, who says, you can significantly cut down the number of unsolicited phone calls you get by getting a dollar ID from the phone company and then activating an anonymous call blocking on your phone. Most of the telephone sales calls block their phone numbers from being displayed in your caller ID. That's right. And none of those calls will ring it your house after the call block is in place. So what do you do? I already have caller ID. How do you activate an anonymous call blocking on a phone? How do you do that? I'm not sure. I've never heard of that. An anonymous call blocking. Well, John and Portsain, Lucy, thank you so very much for facting me that. Now if you'll just let me know how I activate my anonymous, etc. What do you want? Here's a fact that says, what do you allow a detainee out on the street if there's a flight risk? Let's give this, this people and expediting the opportunities and expediting the opportunity to explain their intention to come to this country. If it's economically related, bond byage. It says, I see your raised money each year for causes that are important to you. Why don't I see all these hard bleeding righteous protests just stick their hands in their deep pockets or raise mine to help those in need? I'm sure they might get lucky and find somebody to help in Africa in the South America even in their backyard if they care to look. Okay, right on, whatever you said, I've no idea what it was but whatever you said. He also said book of Brian's an asshole and I said, I said, I'm so really correct. Man, that thing he sent me, it gives me chills to realize that I'm surrounded by people. I haven't got a clue where to draw any line, you know? And where there's any line. It's just like just shoot from the hip, just say a bunch of crap, you know? Just stick to the funny stuff. You're a funny guy, Brian, you look funny, you sound funny, you act funny, that wiggiest got some time to make. You're a funny little guy. Don't start being like a broadcast enough or an expert on pubic relations or some kind of a sociologist who's going to like, I just forget about that, okay? Or some kind of a internet guru leave that to Eric. Remember that's your leave it in Eric? Time 57. At 5.60 WQ, I'm in a wonderful Thursday on Halloween. It's Halloween, baby. You should see some of their freaks around this place today. I love that thing that Mohan said, you know? It was cute. I don't know exactly what it was, but it was moving around a little bit. We got the mad dog at one, Hank will be on a tree and then of course between 5 and 6. The worst hour in history being over every Thursday, but it kills a good hour of the opposite. 7 o'clock we got the big, because we couldn't find anybody else at Orlando and then of course any K from GA10. Joe and what is that? Why do we have ESPN radio overnight? Is that a mistake? Could be. That's right. This is right here Thursday night to the 6 in the morning ESPN radio is in Friday morning. Don't tell me we got another mistake in a schedule. Oh brother. I'll tell you one thing when you go to Brandeez, it's never a mistake. That's the right place to take your feet. In fact, just chop your feet off into ankles, put them in a goddamn bag and sit them over to Brandeez. They'll take good care of them. Seriously, they got the top brands in a business. The most unbeatable prices and sales who doesn't know their feet inside not what? What is that? What do you give me a look? Somebody called and said, stop making fun of Howard on this line. What on the inside line? Probably his wife. Anyway, they got rock ports, SES, Spirit, Tibola, Naturalizer and a lot more. And probably our PD Lenny's got nothing else to do down there. And with their gigantic solution, the shoes you want are in stock ready to pop on your feet. And like I told you, like I was starting to say, we've got interrupted by PD Lenny's. Have another spastic drug attack. Brandeez is open daily 9 to 9 Sundays, 10 to 5, you'll find him at 1290. North that it will highway and pop in a week. Take good care of your feet, set him over to Brandeez. And all this wicked Brandeez take 20% off on all famous men and women vote shoes. This week only at Brandeez in Prostigis, Pop-On-O. 9 and low. This is 4th Radio 560. You win 2AM. It stays. If you're planning to tell, you've heard at 560. WQA. Yeah, it's Woops hysteria. 560 WQA with 3KB Ball. Get it, hoop. Time to speed up what's up. No. It's the 3KB Ball. Go up against the Rikers Island Beach Bangers. I'm getting it, I'm getting it, hoop. I'm getting it, hoop. Get it, hoop. This B-B Ball. For Mindless Monato now free there's like you. Now, say hoops. Now take off your pants. Now grab each other. There you go. Now you're ready for your man's hero man's fantasy. 440. 560 WQA. 10-02560 WQA. You know, years ago, I just want to do a message for Miguel and the Eric. Okay. You know, that CD I was talking about doing a best of, I got emotional yesterday myself. And lost control of my senses for just a little while. I was talking about doing a best of and going through all of that working game. Look, got about it. Yeah, that's the message. Okay, you got an Eric and everybody else and Miguel. Look, got about it. Just forget about what I say. Okay, just calm down. That was wrong with you. Howard David's a bit. Speaking of that, in London, somebody just facts this to me. Britain's Navy was so alarmed by anecdotal evidence that hundreds of sailors visited mail prostitutes to three voyages in the 60s that along stay full investigation documents released Wednesday said meaning today yesterday. What they said, saying or stopped the services of mail prostitutes and lady boys. It's Singapore and Bermuda during tourism duty. But ultimately, the Navy can include it could do little to stamp out such homosexual practices because practice does make perfect. Lady boys, I'll just relax. Just listen, and you might learn something, but I doubt it. A naval document from 1969, a naval document released by Britain's pubic records office for the first time yesterday describes how sailors would hit the town in Singapore as soon as their ship docked. Not in frequently, the sends up with them sleeping with mail prostitutes who dress up very convincingly as females are read. See now you get it? Lady boys. Quite like a freaky carlos out frontally looking better, I would hope. Quite a high percentage of intelligence and could be full even once sober. How do you like that? Now, my good friend John and Portsei Lucey, I sure appreciate your facts to me back this information you only probably been about the color of block in the, it says anonymous call rejection. On star 77 off star 87. Then he writes on for one call when the other party also was call rejection activated star 82. What does that mean? See, I was understanding and telling God to that part. Off for one call when the other party also has call rejection activated star 82. You get that? No. I'm going to put this right into my hip pocket and take it home and try it. Okay, because if I could do anything to get rid of these guy damn unsolicited phone calls five to one in a morning, God damn it. I'm, I've got it in the waist pass. I'm going to put their name on you tomorrow. I've got it. It's some kind of a mortgage company. It's not a sponsor on this station. I think it's, uh, there was one that came in like a 99 o'clock last night. It facts. With their name on it, it's a mortgage place in Fort Lauderdale. And then to bottom it says, if this was sent to you an error called as toll free number, we'll get your number off the thing. Of course it was sent to me an error. I didn't solicit that mortgage companies are notoriously the worst. Well, if a man, it's what I say, screw them. I don't care who download is. It's either for a shoes or a mortgage company or our, our supplies, printers supplies, they're big on that too. Princess supplies, which by the way, we could use it around here. We're using Fax paper. I think I'm going to buy us some Fax paper, because this place is so good in cheap. We have to stay every morning. I have to send a trucky out there in a hallway to steal Fax paper for the printing or the printer out there and from power 96 to that crap down a hall every day. We've got to scrounge for Fax paper because this is such a cheap ass out, but even though they're bragging, we made money in the last quarter. Well, where now is it? Some people like to see the color of it, okay? Just take a look. Not actually hold it, just take a look at it. A lot of things are not category. I'm sure. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And let me just take a peek. Let me hold that for a second. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. No, you need that bush to your pole. Okay, great. WQAM. No. Hey, um, what was going to happen? That is, is that him or what? I think we can do that. Wait a minute. Sir, our program, our operations better, just are working with a blonde, Halloween wig. And if, and if that is you, man, I would, I'd keep that on. You might get lucky before the hours do. You got my coat blind. Go ahead. Look at it. Oh, you want to believe this. You'd be obsessed. Contact the phone company. They can, I think they can do it permanently because I got a call around six this morning. I got a call in with the phone company and they can actually determine it. How do they do that? Uh, just call them up because I talked to someone they said just call bell south. Really? Yeah. And then wait on home for about 45 minutes and maybe I'll be lucky enough to speak to somebody at Bell South. Yeah, if they don't disconnect you first. Plus I hate Bell South anyway. They make me sick. So do I. Hey, you were talking about pop up the other day. Right. Um, I got a, uh, free software for my internet service company. I'll be happy to burn it on a disc and listen to your please. And it doesn't put anymore ads up anything like that. The only problem is this is too good. Is it there? If you go to click a link sometimes it won't open the link. If it opens up a new page. Is it the early one? Huh? Is it from Earthlink? Yeah. Yeah, that's, that's, that's not bad. Yes, I don't know. Yes, I don't know. Please. Yeah. And also, um, I have one also that's integrated into my fire wall. I use it on a long pro. And I don't have any stock in it. So I just find them very good. And also block some of your cookies and people turn to access your computer illegally. Yeah, block your cookies, man. That's what I always say. So I'll be happy to send you that pop out block. Thanks a lot. Someone can give me the address to the station. I'll burn it up a city and put up in the mail. Okay, hang on. Hang on and talk to our retruck. You got it. Okay. Okay. So some helpful people are as a fan. It says there's an easier way to step on one. What calls call the phone company asks for privacy director. It's around 16 bucks a year and all. 16 bucks a year. I'd pay a lot more than that. Instead of blocking calls, it screens all types of soliciting business calls or callers that don't allow the numbers to be shown in your caller ID. When these people try to call the privacy director in your fears and picks up for you. It'll show privacy director on your caller ID when you pick up the phone. If you, well, wait a minute. When these people try to call, does the phone ring? See, that's the thing. I don't want my phone ring. I don't want these people getting through to my number. I got an almost the number. I don't want that phone ring. And especially five to one. The guy day morning. When you pick up the phone if you choose to an automated service. We'll say privacy director. And then the person calling you will stay there. I don't want to go through that. You'll be then you'll be asked to press one to hang up to that. And now no. Absolutely positive. The answer is no. I don't want to have to go through that. I want to stop the calls. I don't want to go through a long, convoluted process. Press one if you got a big ass. Press two if you're got a crappy attitude. Press three if you love. Mohour David's a bit. Whatever. You're not going to go through that. I want to get rid of them. I'd have to go through something long convoluted process. And speaking of process, it's interesting to me that up in Toronto, which I spent several months there. And I'm stood on. I don't get any of these calls. I need to one of those places. Of course, Hampton, Amy, say, Wow, they're a little ass backward over there. Okay, well fine. That's good in that case. But in Toronto, the show is held not backward. In fact, my guide damn internet service up there. Never goes down. That for one second. That for a millisecond. So if there's so guy damn backward everywhere else, how come down here? Your damn service goes down on a time. But I never get any of these unwanted solicitations on my phone there. I'm like, how come they don't do what I'm your cell phone, by the way. So, Amy, why don't you get them on your cell phone? I'm not sure. I'm not sure why that is. Well, somebody will probably tell us. I'm almost tempted. A lot of people have gotten rid of their regular home phones. You know that? And they ask you, cell phone. I don't like that because I don't like the quality of the cell phone. And the cell phone is even if you have a real good one. They're okay sometime. Practicalism of the show. And you'll hear some bad cell phones really bad. Hopefully it'll get to the point where it's the technology's good enough that that's all we'll have. Yeah, that's all we'll have a cell phone. I was driving to work this morning. There was some much parts of broad in there next to me. And she was, but that's not on a cell phone. I looked over there and she's weaving on the road. And it's just what we need. Oh, look at this. Goiom. This is good. Goiom is good. All of the goiom. They don't know what that means. They know what they are, but they don't know what it means. Just like Schwarzer. Well, Schwarzer is not a Schwarzen German means black. Yenish and German. Schwarzer just means black. When you're in Germany, you see that word all the time. So what's the big deal with that? It just means black. How can you talk about it? All depends on the usage if you say, oh, look at that. Dumb Schwarzer over there. That's offensive man. You're picking on some poor dark guy. Maybe he is dumb, but I mean, but what is that? What they don't understand. They take us in insults. Well, you know something. If you're going to have a chip on your shoulder all your life, you're going to get offended a lot. That's my comment about that. If you want to be offended in this world, no problem at all. If you got a sense of humor, if you just take things and strive, if you don't give a flying crap anyway, you're going to have to be a little bit more careful. That's what the Polish woman, 62 poor, 4% say, not only is words a fine offensive, they're just words. 161 on 258 say, Fufangula. Oh, how about that one? How about if you? Nigger 66, Kijk 16, Faggot 9. I do like to sound of that though. Faggot. I do like that. Wop for and spick now too. Double our pleasure with the spicks too. Ruck to appear. Hey, I don't care what you manage. Susia, there's never been a better time to buy a new home or refinance or existing home. They're good friends at first mortgage America. How about an unbeatable rate of 3.95%. And like I said before, we've been talking about these folks for all, Counse, done his show. Way back since Alien. That's right. Financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95% by picking up your instrument and calling the National Group at 1-800-940-LAND. That's 1-800-940-5363. The money you're going to save is tremendous. You can get yourself a $100,000 loan. Super talking specifics, not just glittering generalities like some of the other guys do. You can get $100,000 loan from 1-800-50 bucks a month or $200,000 loan from 1-800-50 bucks a month. The process is simple. You're going to save yourself a crap load of cash every year. So call our good folks. You can depend on a financial group toll free. 1-800-940-LAND. There's never been a better or smarter time to get to a low interest rate. So call financial group when you be on your way to save it up big. Crap load of cash. Financial group is an e-buck sum up or a $200,000 loan from 1-800-50 bucks a month. The process is simple. You're going to save yourself a crap load of cash every year. So call our good folks. You can depend on a financial group toll free. 1-800-940-LAND. There's never been a better or smarter time to get to a low interest rate. So call financial group when you be on your way to save it up big. Crap load of cash. Financial group is an equal housing litter. Credit restrictions do apply and don't forget rates is something you've changed if you wait too long. So call right now the one and the only. 1-800-940-LAND. That's 1-800-940-50. This is 560. 3-0 yours. That's a huge end. David's a bit. Online casino radio. 560. WQAM presents Captain Moe Vaineroo. The ratings for the sports format were so bad. We had to start paying the sponsors. And when the only three listeners we had asked to get paid for listening well, we thought we'd give this a drive. And hello boys and girls. This is your home with the baby captain, Captain Vaineroo. We got to your full bucket of moisten a moment of a hit. Er, this stinks. I will not be doing this poison girls. I was a big star at one time. Seeing. But I gotta tell you kids. Little imparidizing cheap. I need to check and understand. Alright. Let's see if we got over here. Got some great paper. We'll finger some out the door. One in Captain. We won, Grinjings, the hill long. Aren't you gonna say good morning to our friends? They're right. One in Moos. They call me Mr. Moos. We're from home, gentlemen. And where the hair are the man, Dingleman? You'll be this in me. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no No! No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, come on, never forgive your pain, get up! no! I will never forgive your suffering, Blues, my feet, you don't  after you, painkillers, do only! no need, this haters are mad at me, requiring me to fade forward, so, us too to these hilly dogs in that culprits of beasts. You'll even stop there with them. Do no,bury birds, who want to go over the base of this moron? No, no, no, no you don't. Now you stand here a little heavy, you are hitting my hips. down, green demon. Oh no, he's not a guy. He's a fucking fool. He's a fucking fool. Oh the sea, run behind him. Run behind him. Where your boys on those? 1017 at 560 WCM. Don't forget join George Volkabryne. In fact, when you see Volkabryne, you'll see Volkabryne, you'll see Volkabryne. Oh, now I don't want to be pretty interesting. Are you dressing up for that occasion? I'm going to do a Halloween thing. Why not? You're going to be left out. You're going to be left out. So how did I look with that blonde wig on? That was great. I felt lovely. I felt like a new girl. It was incredible. We got this blonde wig that's being passed around and building. Miguel started out with him. And Miguel went, oh, that is him. Is that him or what? Of course, it's kind of a telltale thing with a black, a push. He got a curckel beard. Yeah, look what happened to him. Through it. He looks okay with that. And then Muff was in here with that thing on and that. He was the he looked the best of anybody that was definitely him. He's going to be taking that a little later on. I can't tell you where. But if Jeff loses to McBride, it says, W. will do more for Florida because it'll be a wake-up call for his own election in 2004. Since Florida's vital to him. Oh, yeah, he went and Florida again. I forgot about that. We got we got DBS plans to take care of that. You know what I mean? DBS plans would quotes around to that. You know, they're playing those spots. I mean, you must have seen it by now. The McBride spot where they play the clips off of that tape. Yeah. I know. And how is it possible that people are hearing them say these things? And it's like, uh, oh, we didn't hear it. We didn't know what you're talking about. He said that. Now we don't think he said it was just kidding. How is that possible? You ask holes if they heard in the Sun Sentinel. How is that freaking possible if him didn't work up again? That's because I'm hearing it's bad. I shouldn't be here Tom. A little time he jickie your wrong time. I shouldn't be here. It's bad for my health. It's enough to drive you nuts. And if you think that's enough to drive it. I've got to see all the facts. I'm getting out about the phone thing. This guy says this and somebody else says that. And I mean, but I'm still not what they'll do. Well, somebody called and said that the privacy director from Bell South is probably the best thing that it takes care of almost everything. Well, Gary says the guy explained it wrong. Your phone doesn't ring unless the caller leaves a message. That facts that woke you up. We're never gotten through. Uh, okay. The phone doesn't ring unless the caller leaves a message. And then if you pick it up, then you go through the choice. Do you want to speak to them? Are they, uh, a grave robber? They want your money. Is it, Edmund, man? With 10 million dollars, et cetera. Is it mid church wants to give you all your money back? No. I don't think so. You want to give me a something I money back, huh? But with that, no, we're coming out of the caller. I think it's speaking of a mid church. Give me my money back. I got a good message for my good friend Jeff Rima. Great. Cool. And even the Panthers again last night, boys. Pretty sad. No shots in the third period. They get out shots 700 to well, like 13. And they still win a game in overtime. Thanks to the fact that Tercot decided to take a walk wanderer on her. And overtime. Hey, I'm over here in the corner. All the bucks into that games over. Hey, but I'm over here in the corner games over. See ya. It was the Terc. So let's go. Anyway, if you call someone to get recorded message in the, uh, the person you are calling is chosen out to accept calls that the block their phone numbers from being displayed on a caller ID, you'll need to dial star 82 for your call to go through for them. What? Star 77 turns it on permanently until you turn off with a star 87. Uh, want to put this in my pocket. I'm just going to, uh, punch all kinds of buttons on here. What I'm going to do is take the guy down phone all of them and stuck into bottom of my pool is what I'm going to do. That's what I'm going to do. That's what I'm going to do. I'm not exaggerating. Seven on Tuesday and 11 yesterday. 7 11. Maybe it's an moment. Maybe it should go down to 7 11 got a big goal. But 11 and then one at five to one in the guy down morning. Tomorrow. Tomorrow remind me before I leave tomorrow. I'm going to bring in that thanks from that. And these people need to be exposed. Yes. Every one of them. These people that are doing this, I'll put them on the year because this is absolutely unacceptably bugging people and. And it's nothing now. It used to be like, you know, after six, it was almost in her six at night. Now eight 15 in a morning, 7 39 a clock 10 o'clock at night. And now a brand new a load 12 55 in a morning. Whether that was you should only croak. Okay. And I want you to take it personally, but you should only die a wicked dead. Come on. Come on. I'm about five to one in the guy day morning. The first part of offensive is Graham offensive. Okay. Answers, schvarts is the new trillion is term for black, including the person. There are other derogatory terms some borrowed from English, but there are Jews who can make schvarts offensive. However, even though the meaning of the term is no offensive, that doesn't mean that the word has an as required in offensive. Well, that's fine. Like I said, you can use any word anyway you want. Goi is the standard Hebrew term for non-Jew. Plurled Goiim. Adjective Goiisha. Like this place. Goiisha. Even though we got a lot of Jews right here still a Goiisha place. Literally it's the Hebrew for nation. Spoken allow them to discuss it in flesh if it's projurter. So is the word Jew and similar to Adem Jew that damn Goi. But it's actually damn Goi's dumb guy. See, I'm giving the education here. Dumb guy. Well, that's kind of redundant. Better to say Gentile or non-Jew when writing an English for a multi-religious audience such as S. S.C.J. What is that? What is this from? S.C.J. In general, the use of judgmental or projurter terms even if no offense is intended should be avoided. They only serve to win site anger and side-track the conversation. So it's like etiquette. In the phrase, Shavas Goi, a Gentile who does things for Jews on Shavas, it is neutral. Yet when refusing to do something for someone by saying, I'm not your Shavas Goi. It carries it in derogatory tinge. So what else is like, that's like house nigger in it. How smoothly? Like that the kind of lees of thing? Oh, we better not play that again. Are we better play that? Yes. Some also suggest avoiding the term Marano which means pig. But language is that. Looks like Spanish to me. How do you say pig in Spanish? Settle? Rosie? Depending on the intended meaning the term Sephardic or crypto do you are more well? Too much of this Jew talk. Okay, there's like 10 Jews in the world. We got a spin half the show talking Jew talk? 295 none of them are listening to this show. 295 votes of separate factor. Which of these words do you think is most offensive? None of the above. They're just words 181. Nigger is 79. Pike 17. Fag it. 11. Oh, I don't I say that well. Fag it. 11. Walk forward and speak three. And that's it. But if you over was over 60% of the people in this audience. At least I'm sure enough to realize that it's just a bunch of words. Guess what else somebody facts me? They would find sensational. And let me say it again. The origins and that song. The book Nigger, the strange career of a troublesome word by Randall Kennedy, a black professor, was interviewed on everyone of the talking head channels. And I'm sure you people at Fox News had them on several months ago. But all takes something and twisted around and turn it. See because this is what the right one is. Is it if we got some influence on the show and have any influence? What's the point? Are you really that paranoid? That psychotic? Yes. Yeah, you're right. So look at all the people who died from Godfather. Godfather, actors who've died. What a list. Great. Let's take a call or do. WQIM. Yes sir. A couple of quick things. Then a spy report of fuel indulgment. Go right in. I don't know who's the bigger genius. Bokeb Ryan for making the mobets. Or are you providing a way to enter people enough to tune into that awful morning show? Could I find myself tune in and just to find out what he's going to be parodying. Yeah. I keep telling him I'm building him in awe. I don't really tell him. Like this morning, what he called, I'm just waiting for the bit where he's the person to skip for now. I'm getting pounded. Yeah. And the fire reports, not that you care. But the maggots of the midday were blowing off yesterday. How they beat you by appointing the summer book in Palm Beach. They didn't beat me. I wasn't on the way. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. They beat me in Palm Beach. Yeah. I mean, you don't care because it's not even your- More than even in that market. Plus I was nonmost of the summer book. It was George. So that's quite an accomplishment. They beat him by George by one point in their market. That's pretty heavy duty. Yeah. They beat you by a woppy. I'm sure they'll impress that chronic radio-off facture. That's always spashing me all this inside crap. Who thinks those guys are God on wheels, you know. Oh, they're awful. That's why I listen to you through the static, my friend. Thanks. Thank God for your win. And I say take them off and put us on up there. I would love that. Matter of fact, I'm the one that started that rumors. They got the lady to back you last week. But he keep it up. All right. You start enough rumors sooner than the lady they come true. Now I'm hoping. I've heard most leaving. Have a great day, Quail. Bye. I just started that rumor right now. We don't want motor leave. We've, in fact, if we have more ever left, we wouldn't have like a human punch in bag around here. But in the building enjoys that a lot. It's not personal, though. It is. So look at all these Godfather actors who died, sterling Hayden McCluskey. Remember McCluskey? Stand him off straight. John Cousel, he was afraid of. I forgot he died. He died from brain cancer. I'm smart. Now I get everybody says, dumb. I'm smart. I want to respect. And he's flops back in the chair. And Michael says, I don't ever want to see you. When you visit our mother, I want seven years advanced notice. I don't want to be with you. I don't want to know about you. I don't want to know from you. Frateau. You broke my heart. Then he goes and tells Al Niri. I don't want anything to happen to him while our mother is still alive. Michael Gatso. How do you say that? Cutsel? Michael Gatso. Frateau, Frateau, Frateau, Frateau, Frateau, Frateau, Frateau, Frateau. That's it. I loved him. He was one of my favorite people in the whole movie. Frateau, Michael Corley, only said this. Michael Corley, only said this. That's it, sure. Sure. I just made it all up as all lies. I think that was great. What is sitting next to his brother? Yeah. It was between the brothers K. His brother, what that look on his face. What that funky cap, you know. But you cared about identifying this gentleman over here. That was just great. Not that anybody doesn't like Godfather. That's our message to you. Okay, you get the QAM Raspberry. What is that? Heather from Fox News? Heather? I knew. Can you hang out on him in it? Yeah, sure. Because I got to do my break and I don't want to cut you short. Okay. Somebody already did that to me at birth. Hang on, Heather. Okay. That was a joke. You hear her laugh now. Well, that's Fox Day. I have no sense of humor. 1027 at 560. What do you want to find? I have a lot of advice. A little joke. Somebody coming. Share. Hey, if you've been cut short on top. You know, when you go to the barberset, a little off the top. If somebody got carried away in a lot off the top, if your ball is a walking bowling ball, get your hair back from Chuck Alphay, or he's been helping the famous and not so famous looked their best for over 25 years. With this sensational great-looking natural hairline system. And boy, lately we've been talking a lot about bad hair pieces. Because there's so many of them. I was on with Wolf Blitz and Blitz Green yesterday in my channel surfing, who Sam Donaldson. He's got a new gray piece that kind of sits off the one side. I mean, get serious. Some of you silly people. Aaron Brown makes him look good. Anyway, pick up the phone and call Charles Alphay. Ray 1-800-321-2413. And if you mention the arragis, I'll knock two and a bucks off the regular price. That's right. Charles Alphay also services and repairs all kinds of hair systems. Why do you wait for only 25 to 30 bucks? And like I keep telling you guys, you're going to look better when younger than you ever thought because this is a natural hairline system. It looks like they were going right out of your scalp. Instead of some silly piece like we were just passing around in here, which was a joke. So if you want people laugh and act, you go someplace else. If you want to look great, call Charlie. 1-800-321-2413, or log onto their website, CharlesAlphayerry.com. We're sports-winny-056. Do you, A.F. To the more on-hour at night at Clockyle here more. Thank you. Thanks, Mo. Okay, here's Heather from Fox News. Hi, Neil. How are you? I'm okay, I think. Thanks for taking her call. We've been trying to reach you for the past couple days. I tried to reach me. You've called people I haven't been in vetid yet. You've called dead relatives of mine. What's the story, Heather? We're working on a story about the CD you're promoting on your website. Yes. I won't say it. And word. Heather, are you listening to the show? Yes, I am. I've been listening to it a couple days. And just so you know, we're going to continue. Did you hear me go through the entire rationale of what that song had nothing to do with Kindle's Arise? What about the song, Kindle's A Kindle's A Kindle's A? That has that well, that's obviously about Kindle's A. And I just want to know why you're playing this on your show. No, I see. I'd like to know why. This is really interesting. Why are you calling me? Ask me why I should play this. We make we have some periods about built-clinton dozens of them. Nobody ever complained about that. We have some periods about Al Gore dozens of them. Nobody ever complained about those. Well, African American folks up here in New York are pretty offended by it. But you know what, wait, let me say this to you, Karen. We're not in New York. Uh-huh. Okay. We don't broadcast in New York. We're on WQM in Miami. And the fact that the matter is done on let us, except for people like you and the people at that right-wing Newsmax.com will want to make a big sentence about this. If it weren't for that, they wouldn't even be aware that we exist. Okay. This organization that's offended by it is a national organization. But the fact that the matter is we've been playing these songs for many, many, many months. We've never had one single complaint. And when interlopers like you from outside, like from Fox News, are from some right-wing website, want to tell us what, I mean, for you to ask me how come you're playing that because we want to play it. I think Neville, what's the value? What is it, what is it, what do you do for you? What is it called? It's called comedy. That's what it's called. Do you have a sense of humor? Do you think it's funny to call it the call? Conalisa, right? In a dick, in a dick, in a dick, well, Harry Bellafonte, called her the house Negro. Okay, so we'll call her whatever we want. But this is a little bit different. No, no, it's not that. You would take an issue with some- It's not the least bit different. She is the house Negro. See, you people at Fox may not understand this. Not everybody in the world is the right-winger like Rupert Murdoch. There actually are those of us who are progressive or moderate liberal. Whatever we are, who also have the right to speak to express whatever we want. So, if we're paying again what you just said for me there. You think she is the what? She's the house Negro. Aha. And you don't find anything wrong with that. Well, what do you mean wrong with it? It's a fact that's my opinion. Am I entitled to my opinion? I'm here, you're certainly entitled to your opinion. And that's basically what Harry Bellafonte said as well. Obviously, this is why nobody returned your calls. Whatever your name is. Because we knew that you were trying to stir up a bunch of crap and take something out of context when I asked you. I don't think that anything being like that. Did you listen? Did you listen? We're not doing that. We're not doing that. I'll probably show you. It's my show and I'm not going to have you scream over me. You're trying to out talk me. It's not going to work. Okay. You know, I asked you in the beginning of the conversation, which I was very common. I asked you, did you hear me explain the origin of that song, the rest of Tussan song. The fact of the matter is, and I don't I'm sure he must have been on your channel. Randall Kennedy, the black author who wrote the book, Nigger the Strange, Career of a Trouble Samward. Not that I'm aware of. Well, he was certainly on CNN. He was on MSNBC. Maybe he was on Fox because he wasn't out. I don't know. Maybe he just didn't. We're not aware of it. Oh, he. We all have had questions for you. Are you aware of that book? You portray yourself to be this sort of liberal voice. But yet you're. I don't portray. I don't put labels on me. I'm I'm for example. Okay. When you're up there. I come myself a human being. You see, you people on Fox. It's this old liberal and a conservative. That's stuff when I would high button shoes. I'm thinking. I'm thinking. Living and breathing. I'm thinking. In addition to why do I have to end Miami Florida answer to some assholes in New York on Fox News. How I do my show. What is it your business? There are a lot of people who can. There are people in Miami. They care about this too. Who are they? Who are they? Name me one person. Miami is concerned about it. But we know down there certainly. Name me one. Name me one. Name me one. It's offensive. Man. Man. One. Name me one. I don't care what you say. We don't like. We don't like. I don't care. I don't care what you say. We don't like. We're calling her whatever we feel like. Conor she's a public god damn figure. And blow it out your right wing ass and you and Bill. And by way of rally didn't make the number. You are. Under these are. Consolisa. She's from New. With your fucking yellow. Keep so far apart. Conor he's a. Conor he's a. What you be doing. If you're. As just like that. Proganch. What's the stop. If you say. Because you are. I don't. If you. If you. If you. Black. And. Name. Who. This. Because they. He. Are you. Haha. You're. But yon. True. Nor. The.ard. What has bavoo? The cuisine, the toilet, and then scrub the floor. There you go, with sandals, garlic leaves. Your coat, keep going, they'll make them warm, rich and pure. You're not being naked, but you slide, it'll be very cold. If you feel what you feel, that's all you can do. When they while you be faking fat aches, maybe like. That they dreamt you just like your ester-roll. That when your head will move from side to side, from the liver. And to bush and from here, they'll be crackle asshole. Just unbelievable 22 till 11. So glad we took that call from Heather. And what did I tell you? Have I been saying that? She had that number. For like days and days, what business is it of you fascist that Fox News, can be telling us what to be playing on your mind or any other place, and then in New York for that matter. You also call up Howard Stern and tell him what to tell us about in everybody else in I'mus. Everybody else on here in New York, what the hell is it your business? In addition to which all this business about balanced and fair, like I said, all fascism all day, unbalanced unfair, all spin. She's given me this impassioned defense economy. If you like Condoleezza Rice, great, I have no respect for her. She can be one of the most educated bitches on the face of the earth, but the fact that the matter is, the articles I've read about her. The Chevron Queen, the Begg Oil Queen, just like all the other people in this administration, see, I hate to break the news dear Heather, but this is still the US of ay. I realize that you and your ilk would like to eliminate all future elections and just have a right wing kingdom. None of us want to live in it. Most of us don't want to live in that kind of country, okay? And every time she was, she must be at the cycle of villas spin and all rally. Don't confuse me with the facts. Oh, there's a lot of people down here upset about it. Well, name me one. But we have, we have, we have, we have one. Couldn't do it. She's filibustering. And then before you know, she hears the dial tone. I'm amazed I left her on that long to be honest with you. She's giving me a lecture on what I'm going to do on the new Roger show, and people in New York are upset about it. How to help the people in New York know about it? We have people in New York, listen to God damn website, do we ever had anybody complain about it? No. No. Not one. You see, I hate to break the news deal, but it's still legal not to like condolize a or the president or even John Ascroff. Hi, and hello. This is sports when you're 50 years old. You weigh yeah. Hi, this is G Gordon Lydia. And they don't come anywhere, spend meal, Rogers. Coffee cups, peanuts and slurbs were siffin. Tuckle bell wrappers and KFC chicken. Roadmaps and oats, nuts and oats, he cans. The special things that you'll find in white vans. Aschers and matches and crumps from a pastry, have eaten big macks filled milk on a post-ree. Shio's he's smeared with the raspberry jam. The special things that you'll find in white vans. If you see these populace, they've got their in man. This leaves all just some of the suspicious things, the mostly within white vans. That was classic, baby. That was just exactly what I thought it would be. Like I said, she starts out real sweet and friendly, and then she gives me like a grilling like I'm on a witness stand here in Terrigating Me. We don't have to answer to you, and we don't have to like condolese or George W. Bush, around Gore or Julie, but remember anybody else. It's a radio show, and also it's a comedy show. It's like 35% to content and 65% last. That's what it is. And she's giving me a lecture from New York. She's giving me a song of dance about what we should be doing on the year. And a lot of people are upset. But I got news for her honey. I'm not a host for to be calling here a QAM and telling us what we ought to be able to do on here. And talk about a sense of humor. Can't complain about her. She don't have one. You find that funny? She reminds me that the Joe Peshie thing. You think that's f and funny? Yeah, that's what reminds me of. Does that amuse yous? Yeah, to me is a zuss. We think it's hysterical, okay? Everybody else thinks it's pretty good. I just asked our program director if we had one complaint from anybody about condolese. No, not one. Not a whisper. Not a whisper. Not a whisper. Not anybody. The Chevron Queen is not one of my favorite people, okay? And she's just a subject being a public figure of very public figure to be in a may that may Fun of having parody, sung about her as Bill Clinton. We never had a call from Fox about Bill cigar Monica's vagina or the other 8,000 Bill Thin songs we played around gole, a gole with a coal miners, which I think is hysterical. See, we got a sense of humor about all of it. We're not just political ideologues. No much he starts giving me. Well, where are you supposed to be liberal? No, I'm not. I'm supposed to be Neil Rogers. I don't like take opinions out of like a book somewhere up a file card. Well, let's see. I'm liberal. So what do I think about this? I'm for a capital punishment in this country because it's a barbaric place. Does that make me liberal? No, I'm for strong immigration of controls. Does that make me liberal hardly? Put me right in league with Pef, you can. I'm for what makes sense. But you people have fostered understand that with all your contrived, and it he and coms, and the right against the left. See, you put a few token, the so-called lefties on air, softball people, to be tokens. To be on air with all your right wing fanatics, and that's your idea of a goddamn network. Okay, we're per Murdoch ain't full of anybody with a brain. Anybody. A bunch of silly housewives over the age of 60, and they're sitting there watching their food with their transfixed. The left over Ditto heads. The people that can't find rush. Oh, man, that was one of the most astonishing things. I mean, I figured I knew where they were coming from, but just so psychotic about it is if to say, how can you be saying these things? You think it's funny? Yes? Because I have a sense of humor. We got all kinds of purity songs about me. Don't bother me? Lighten up a little bit, honey. You'll live a lot longer than where you'll be a lot happier in life. But what did I tell you about, Fox? They just, you know, we've had other people come out of the closet including me on a show. We just had Fox come out of the closet, right here on the Neil Rogers show. Any pretence that they're trying to give to you about fair and objective and balance, I mean, you have to laugh at that, it's such a joke. The right wing, the fascist news network, that's exactly what Fox is all about. Make no mistake about it. And like I said, or if Harry, a valiphonic in horror or the house Negro, what's wrong with somebody doing a song period? It basically is the same thing. And a business about her in Chevron, we didn't just make that up. It's true. She's one of the oil queens. Just like you got the world kings in there to kings in the queens, the hark in oil people and the hell of Burton people. And it's what it's all about. And you see, this should be a good lesson to those of you people out there who don't understand what's happening in this country, the chilling or free speech, just like we took the thing off the website. Thanks to people like her and others who now make death threats. Thanks a lot, Heather. Thanks so much. Well, the people in the New York are upset. How can they be upset? They don't hear it. They don't hear it. And I got news for you. Last time I checked Al Gore, one New York state in New York City by millions and millions of votes. Okay. And the dark folks up there in New York just like the ones down here, they didn't vote for Condalisa or her mentor, very few of them. And they're not going to vote for his brother this time either on Tuesday. Soon keep rambling and carrying out the her her conversation was like something like from a mental institution really. She reminds me of those those right wing conspirator lives to probably bring up the builder burgers the trial animal commission. That'll be next. Hey, listen, Heather, call me once a week. Okay. We'll make a regular feature on the show. And you can continue trying to get on your soap box and fuck up filibuster. And I'll answer any questions and I'll cut you off. It'll be great every week. Get an 90 sure. We'll promote it in the newspapers. We'll put up billboards. You're trying to do a story because you don't like the politics of it, not because you don't like the words. Not that you give a crap about dark folks. She got a couple of darkies on your channel to be not very many. Not too many. And let me say it again that this business about this immigration policy with the Haitians. The Bush people just made it up and they're not going to tell anybody why or when or how it's just they're just doing it. Just the way it is as they see in the Irish as they are just like this. Here's a for lottery. Hello. Yes sir. You are one of the greatest debaters in the history of the world. Well, I was that mean it was like the baiting a dead frog. I mean, I was piece of cake. She's she's nothing to say. You destroy her. I mean, what is in the York have to do with here? Yeah. And I asked her. Well, give me some names of people down here. I said because we're out here. From can't give me one name. Can't even make up a name. She could have said like John Williams, you know, she could make up a name. You know what you're reminding them like when it's sometimes I think they did an awesome power thing and one person didn't like the language of the toy and the story moved the toy because one person complains. Yeah. It's a but the reason I call was the Haitians thing. Did you watch it in the news? Those people dancing around. Yes, I did. You mean at the I and S building? Yes. I thought it was just dancing around. They were like throwing themselves on the ground. There's some of the more psychotic. I thought it was a sequel to the extra sister. So I'm just letting her out. Oh, you're going to get Heather up. Sit down. And not only do you have your laugh at the same time. Okay. Don't be laughing because that means I think it's funny. Okay. One quick question. You know, my opinion is because it really wasn't on your pole, but I have no problem with the people coming in. But why do they have to stay in South Florida? We're so overcrowded. There's millions of places where they can go around this country to get a job and earn a living and be good productive person. Yeah. It's just too darn crowded down here. Not just down here. We just have too many people all over the country are unemployed. We got too many economic problems. And do we just can you have to have controlled immigration? You can't just let people this this what foot drive would insanity that they started with Cuban. And it doesn't make any sense. You can't do that. This country, I mean, can we help 80 a little bit? I mean, it's a really it's terrible. And I want to we do not help in the people. They're what we did was help. You know, they're corrupt. Yeah, I rest day. We put the former priest. We put him in here again so we can prop him up and control him. We do it all over the world. Then we have to suffer the consequences. When we all keep up those debates, go to the greatest. Here's a facts from Richard and Carl Springs. I'm simply amazed at the phone call you took this morning from the alleged reporter Fox News. One more time. It's a proven fact that the administration is supported by neo Nazi fascist pigs who try to impose their own views on life and others in this world. This is a free world and a partial comedy show for Monsake. Question, who the hell are people to decide what you do and do not discuss on your show? I've never ceased to be amazed that people out there bitch moan grown about the content of your show but contendless in every day. I mean, the idea that somehow I'm just interjecting my own comedy. The idea that somebody is calling me from Fox News in New York to give me a lecture on what I'm doing here on his show. You must have a lot of time on your hands honey. Like I said with all the stuff about the sniper who's going to try him who's going to do this and and the election coming up to the on Tuesday and all these murders and here's a side of my screen again on CNN. And when I asked her about that, the black author, the black professor that wrote that book, which was called what that was the name of the guy. I got to hear some more. I try to get my facts in front of me. So I know what I'm talking about. I like the people on your channel who just talking glittering generalities always throughout a bunch of statistics, which are wrong. Randall Kennedy, nigger the strange career of a troublesome word. And that was his whole point. Would you understand honey? Because you got no sense of humor and that whole rap about well, are you where are you? You're supposed to be a liberal. That's the whole thing. Who are that fat and your Sullivan are trying to point out, you know, oh, here's a guy who claims to be a liberal, but he's, you know, making all these racist remarks. I'm racist only in a fact that I feel very, very sad that so many black people in this country are uneducated. And that we've made it, we've made it socially acceptable for us so we can laugh at black people to be acts acts me a question on us other crap to be talking in boobonics. That's how I'm racist. Not because I don't like black people or because black people are inferior. In fact, I got news for a header. We know plenty of black people are a lot more educated than you are. And probably could do a hell of a lot better debate. And not a single lot of them, by the way, is called in complaint about Condor Lita or about the rest of the tuition song. Guess a darky good morning. Oh, I'm sorry that I say the inward. Anyway, it goes on to say Richard Dick. He says obviously people had had no lives, nothing to do with their lives. They, they do some uncle, they don't make their pathetic, pedantic lies meaningful for a few hours a day. Please, I implore you to not take phone calls from people any longer on your show. Those of us who are educated have ascended the world around us, followed the world, advances they unfold and more importantly enjoy your brand of programming. Can not be subjected to the uneducated foolish, typical mommy's style fascist to call in your show. Frankly, people who have nothing to say, they should be never allowed on your program. When you return to the former program and screw times at the worst comments, we the educated of the world will be most gratified. Keep up the great daily rent. Dick and cross-fring second Dick. Always like Dick. Oh, by the way, I want to discuss that with Heather. She could take that a context too. A screen text. A screen you had there. That's my comment to you. I'll appear in New York. We're pretty. I mean, just stop and think about what she's saying. This is a woman is calling from a major supposed news network. And she's telling a broadcaster on the air in this country. I've been on the air for like 26 years in this market. She's calling for me instructions on how I should feel about kind of Lisa. Okay, squab kind of Lisa. That's what I say. Screw John Ashcroft and all these goddamn Neo fascist okay scroll all. I'm not gonna go step to make you happy. And all your damn fascist of an airport Murdoch alleged news make believe news. Make a big story about it honey make a big fat story about it. Give us 50 million dollars worth of publicity. Who gives a crap? I like I said you must really be desperate running out of material. And of course if I was like Mr. Oralee Mr. Hachat and I even dropped in a goddamn rating book. Not even not even a point one. Not a point one. Larass has got an 8.2 in them and a month of September this bill or Riley show is he have any number. No, he's got a number already. A big oh he's the big oh. He's got the same number as Norma Kent. How do you like that? If I had the same number on here as Norma Kent, I would tell me I don't belong on a year. That's what it would tell me. Oh, I've tied if she's just crazy person. Heather you're a crazy person and have a nice day. Ante I will still mailing featured RIP tombstone. You they held it up last night on crossfire. A piece of literature attacking Senator Paul Wallstone support of the estate tax featured a large tombstone and letters RIP was mass mail last week by a lobby group for small businesses. The double sided mailing from the National Federation of Independent Business carries an e-reel illustration of a tilted tombstone beside an open burial vault illuminated by a full moon. On the flip side, the mailing urges recipients to tell Paul Wallstone is votes are killing you. The copy also says Paul Wallstone's taxes can even reach you in the grave. Yeah, they held it up like I said on crossfire last night. James Carbillard was out of control last night and realized he was like borderline illiterate. You know how they put up quotes and he was reading it. There was I forget what the word was he he not the brightest guy. I mean he's great on the areas it was a wild man last night just ripping at little I almost ripped the vote I often idiot. That Tucker rhymes with smucker. Okay, now I tell you what Heather what we're gonna do is you and your rubber merdock bill don't commute. Excuse me with a factor while you the spin-myster. Auduity it's up there make a list of what we can do on a show on mail it to us okay, maybe email it to us. So we know what we can do and the do's in don'ts. My and local your sports video 560's you a yeah. Holy mac and on this is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God. Bullying bouddy or right wing show chatting the shoes of white man bush. How is the message me grow. His bread his cheeks through his torch. How is the message me grow. Stepping in fetching at the whim of his wife. How is the message me grow. Take the student need to the globalist records. How is the message me grow. And of the top sub survey a cool. How is the message grow. Up with the black snake who lives. How is the message me grow. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Here's a fat on here's that crazy woman left me that video tape yes I did get you tape on his go right in the circular file maybe a big good for a blind tape you know always can use another black video tape. Right wing hysteria look up the website that I'm on going with here's Joe who fast and says I'm a conservative except on religious issues because there is no god there is only. Right Joe and you've used out of and me I'm embarrassed to be Republican when people like Heather and rush or the voice of my party. I disagree with the democrats and most things except abortion however they have a right to their opinion just like I do what a concept Joe thank you for continuing to voice your is p s I like to kiss. What kiss one what does that say. Beyond the know who the house be on see no. I don't have any idea that well thank god in the gal that punk me gallows in because I have no I know destiny tab I just don't know the names I'd like to guess be on see no good morning after having sex with their all night's as Joe. I'm going to hold no politics against her hold something against her if you could find it. So there's a good conservative guy who says hey guess what you guys can say whatever you want how do you like that. Talk about a chilling moment you know that you're all looking at his gem. If the price tag is twenty seven billion dollars for this and all of our tax jab with Rudy Giuliana to pull not all the big guns now because he's desperate. Because he got cornered by curie not so meek yesterday she said hey call up your brother. Oh yeah well but it be but it would put my yeah right like story. If you call up your brother and find out when that policy started. Of the taning uh Haitians uh of incarcerating them and detain them indefinitely. Unlike Swedes and Dominicans and Nicaraguan's and everybody else who comes in who we just you know we we we we give him health screening test we give a little bit of water clean them up a little bit and we find where they're going to stay you know whatever lives friends whatever. And then we give them their asylum hearings and then we send them home. If they can't prove that they're political ref you use. That's her. Yeah. I don't know. She's got small boobs. And well maybe she I don't know it's hard to say from that angle. Oh big ass you got a big ass you may go like so cuz she's got a big ass. Well I shouldn't say Miguel because the spix like big ass cuz that Heather get upset again and I know she did say cool in that bit say. We should have put that in our list today. See we got a set to humor on a show Heather and if you really had been listening you'll notice that our poll question which you probably can go on here at cast you own vote all of your little bit too goody to choose to see those words. We don't want to offend you. Which of these words do you find the most offensive none of the above they're just words 62.2% of this very enlightened audience say that of all persuasions. 241 out of 387 say none of these words are offensive. Nigger 101. Kite 21. Faggot 14. Stick 5 and Wop 5. You just can't grow up can you people at Fung. Oh well well where you coming from I'm coming right from my amy right from North. Right here in my chair right with my fat ass in his beautiful comfortable chair. Warren and Boka points out his ninoxy moron to call themselves Fox News. That's so really correct good point Warren. And then here's a listener in sunrise. This is I bet my cripple asked that and I'm not going to read the name somebody's got a name in here set the fox assholes on you. New York question mark is a payback and even give me your home numbers so they can cut it all out. Don't get paranoid now. Listen in sunrise you may have a point but who knows. Until we had the evidence. Here's what it says that was priceless please put that conversation on a CD. Cheryl. Oh thank you Cheryl. She said it was priceless. Hundred bucks for you honey. Here's what it says yes F. F. A. U. X. Fox Fox News. And happy birthday. Thank you. Yeah. Heather didn't even wish me happy birthday in the middle of her die tribe. Well screw you honey. Called us highly rated importance. You know what they're upset about? You know what they're trying to do now. They're trying to stir up big thing with me so they can whip it up on a ryley so we can get some the lit people tuning in to him. He's going to start a radio war. It's kind of hard to start a radio war. Bill when you don't have any audience. That's probably why the when you're out of station. It's got like eight watts with the tower that's sticking about four feet up and here like the light bulb. That's why we called it the light bulb. Okay now it's not even now the signal so we could not even like the burnout light bulb. That's what they're looking to do. And there I knew there had to be more to it than this. See because he's making no impact in his market whatsoever and rushes getting bigger and bigger. I'm saying honey you can tell uh tell uh Bill for us. He ain't no rush. He ain't no rush. Rush good squash him with one cheek. He would flip him off like the side of the the side of his forehead like a net. Like those lights that are running around on my gills head. That's what the that's it. He said he cut a light or something. A bed bugs from you from Pune, we gone. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560. I guess we've been putting our place right? You betcha! We've been putting our place. You better not be picking on those uh the administration okay? Because now you're un-American. And we hear you we thought you were pretend to be a liberal. I'm just pretending to be me okay just a guy. They pay me to give my opinions. Not liberal opinions, not conservative opinions, not reactionary opinions, not communist opinions. Just need a Rogers opinions okay? If you're too stupid to understand that header, well make you'll draw your diaphragm. Maybe we'll explain it to you. And you know what? You can put a story on it's going to last an hour and a half on there. And it's still I can get a many numbers in this market. He's still going to have a big fan. Ah! Zero. That's for it. WKOM. Yes sir. Hey it's over monkey man. How you doing? Okay. That phone call was sensational. I was squeezing it the whole time. Where? She was squeezing her still if he asked me. She was unbelievable. Anyways, I got a few things for you. First off, I love the restitution song. I crank it up as loud as I can every time I hear it. Do not do not cut it from the CD Neoledits. They are on there and be cast around millions of copies. You know something, I'm not even getting involved in that CD. I have one of my hand right now in the CD track. I'm not getting involved because I'm so disgusted with the way the whole thing's been this handled. And nobody would listen to me. I know where she was coming from. I've been around a block a few times. I tried to tell these people, just paying attention or don't return to calls. Don't speak to her. And I'm glad I put her on here. So we could bring her out of her fashes clause. Me too. I'm glad you let her talk and make an acid herself. But seriously, I leave it on the CD. I think I'm going to copy. Number two. As far as the poll, they are just worth. And I got a quick story for you. Another train monkey. Right. I was up in Naples doing a gig with the monkey a few months ago. And anyways, this big redneck and this big pickup truck cuts me off. So I go around them, right? Got pissed off. I guess he screams out. You've faggot. Anyways, that didn't bother me to show the ignorance. Yeah, that's that. Well, I would flip my monkey out of him if I were you. I didn't have them with me at the time. They were the hotel, but yeah. Well, strap one on. Uh, anyways, one more thing. We got a big black one here with a loony. Yeah? Nice. I shouldn't have said that. A big black one now. I'll have a little set again. Oh, it's just a rubber thing. Okay. It's a rubber instrument. Maybe if you could use it a while. You might loosen up your attitude a little bit. Loosen up something. Definitely. Neo, you're wonderful. Okay. Do you have any idea of bokeh's going to have any CDs tonight? Uh, oh yeah, he's going to have a trash rye. Maybe you can pick one up there. Maybe he'll bring you a bootleg. That would be great. That would be great. Ever great day. All right, Neo, bye. Yes, he's going to bring some of the funny issue. I mentioned they're going to bring him my bootleg one. Yo, I'm almost happy to play that again. And I will. Here's a fact that says give him hell. No, this is our but-and-and-and-and-and-and-and-and-and-and-and-and-and-and-and-Fin. Right on, baby. Right on. Some outsider from some fascist never can hear a call and up a-I mean this is amazing. So like I said, I finally-I'm a little slow. Finally see through it. Just desperately try to like you goose up some numbers in this market. And couldn't happen. Ain't going to happen. I'm going to tell you the right wingers between noon and two. And yes, I'm on for one of those hours and mad dogs. I'm from one to two. We're still doing just fine here. But the right wingers, the people who want to hear that particular rap, and particular stuff. They're tuning into rush. Okay. They don't need a little league rush when they got the real rush. Okay. And then the rest of us over here were like, we're sniffing rush. Right on the bottle. Mastie small and stuff. Oh, it's speaking of rap. You saw the stir-rap or jam, Master J. Run the MC shot and killed. Now the right gun story. Why did gun not sound through your gun squeezers? Very sad. Jam, Master J. Part of the pioneering rap trio Run the MC was shot and killed yesterday. The group's publicists said. Publices Tracy Miller confirmed that the 37 year old rapper was real name was Jason Mysell. A legal source who spoke of courses everybody does on condition of anonymity. So the rapper was shot in the head at the recording studio in New York City, Burrow, Queen's. A second person was shot in the ankle and the shooter was at large source said, Run the MC is widely credited with helping bring hip hop and a music's mainstream, including the group's smash collaboration with Aerospace and the 80's standard walk this way. And why did the quitted with bringing a resurrect to Aerospace career? I should have pointed out. How do you like that? So they couldn't have been all bad. In fact, I remember when Howard used to be fun, I'm not talking about our hard sperm. He had them on his guest when I think was one of the first times anybody who was sent me some old Howard sperm tapes back in the mid 80's. One of the funniest shows I've ever heard in my life, just unbelievable. And some of my chick calls and I want to know, who's got the biggest long in the group? And Howard says, now we're talking, now we're getting down to, yeah, now we're talking. Get some good calls. I think he had a point. It was an old bit of things to come. I think I got a call of power on it and ask him, how come he's saying the thing, how come all that dyke talk on here there, huh? Unless all you write wingers out there unless you have a lot of dikes too, could be. 11 after 11 at 560 WQA, let me tell you, if you're not getting a good night's sleep, life isn't worth a crap, your back doesn't feel good, you feel like hell. That's why you ought to call our good buddies and dial them actors. Look at the way my gal is walking around, I would have a smile on this face. It might have something new with the fact he's getting laid a lot, but I think, well, of course, it also has something to do with that mattress because he's not sliding off and falling on the floor at the most inappropriate times any more. Dalam actress carries only the best brands in a business. They got Sealey, sort of Simmons King Coil, in every size in every comfort level, which means the mattress you be looking for is in stock available for immediate delivery. Recently, this set up the lovely Miguel with that new bed of his and his are loving it. They showed up on time, they took away the crappy old bedding, set up the new mattress, and believe me, this and everything they would, and they'll do the same for you. And don't forget, today is the last day since it's October 31 to get a free Dalam actress delivery. That's right, delivery, no charge for delivery part when you call today. So, call them right now, they'll be there with a couple of hours. Ready to our one of those convenience for you when you're going to be home. I know that's almost unheard of, but they deliver what they say. Call Dalam actress like me and Miguel, and you'll be sleeping with a big smile at Fatal Puss. 1-800 mattress, 1-800-MATT-R-E-S, for Dalam actress, Brad Dame Veds for busy people. I love all this is 4-3-5-6. 2-1-2-1-M. What the hell just happened there? Did you hear that? That must be an omen. Yeah, I can't baby. I think God is punishing us, or something? You never said, I've been here. Get your finger out of the honey. On Newly the country leaves a different movie. Oh, with your fucking yellow teeth so far apart. On Newly the country leaves a what you be doing. Get the old ashes black dead, hooking schmarts of the house. If you take cause you are acto, you need food. If you can black dead and you're not mere, who be smart, because they lack, are you shunned their shoes under these fur? On the way you wash and park the whiteest cars. Judging to you, you'll say he trust you, can't believe you. Who tell our allies on the greedy oil low? But then he make you clean all the white-house basil. The top of the things that toyed and then scrub the floor. They tell you, no words and all, God will leave you. Your phone should call me, make them all over the kitchen. You'll not be late yet, but you'll slack it, they will throw. If you feel what you'd be that nobody's to do. On the wild you be smoking fat gays, you may realize. That's a dream you just black your ester role. That's when you hit, we'll move from chat to chat, from the leaves. It's your pleasure from it, David Crackham asshole. I've been 17 at 5.60. I listen to that again very carefully. I find anything offensive about it. We don't like Kotterlitho. She goes into this impassioned song. She's highly educated. She's screaming and shouting at my radio show. I have to agree with her. I'm going to come around who's a right-wing view of life. I guess what's we heard? That is never going to happen. It's only one of two things. Either you're as dumb as I think you are based on that call or number two. I was right, that somebody on your network is desperate to try to get a number in this market. It's going to happen. See, it didn't work when they tried to get me to put them on the show. Or they invited me to be on his show. So I could be like fodder for his crap. So now the new deal is, well let's invade the show. Let's find some excuse. And of course, it's certainly possible. Let's find some material to them. I'll do them. Grist for the meal. You see what I'm saying? Sure. I don't want to mention no names. Here's a Darren who says I'm a lawyer listening since the doctor done days. My lips are not blue, but I never call. I was thrilled to hear your response to the Fox News bitch. Thank you, Darren. Can you please replay the exchange tomorrow so we can be recorded. Also, my husband wants to hear it. We love you, your show and George. I'll still believe. I'll still believe. We'll think about it. We could play it tomorrow. Yep. It's on there. The same fact, maybe we'll just play it all day. I'll take the day off. Any consomna, this is an interesting fact. Okay? It says, hey, Neil, I strongly must disagree. Fox has probably the most reliable new station on cable. Better than CNN anyway, but President Bush is the rightful leader in Governor Bush. We were lucky on Tuesday. I love your priorities spelled P.A.R.I.T.I.E.S. I love your priorities. I see nothing wrong with making fun of those in public office. Love your show on Coleneal. P.S. Republicans are really the way they are on Tuesday. Any in Hums did. Well, there you go, Eddie. So there's a good Republican for you. But he's got a sense of humor. Don't bother him, none. Here's some more stuff about the name. Uncellicit it calls. Man, oh man, I open up a Pandora's box. Here's another one from Michelle. This is, by the way, after that bitch from Fox News, what the hell does she know about what goes on in this hell hole? That's right. We got enough problems already down here without you calling us, given us dictates from New York. Okay? All you impurities in New Yorkers up there to take your stuff. Don't stink. We already got one New Yorker down here. I think this stuff don't stink and believe me. Oh, you don't want to know. Let's see, do that to his wig. Good old Heather from Fox News. 5605, 604, 16 votes on a pool. Which of these words do you think is the most offensive? I think the word that I found offensive with Heather was like, hello. That was downhill right from there. None of the above. They're just words 256, 61.5%. Nigger 112. Oh, he didn't say the end word didn't he? Yeah. And the best part of it is just like the other people on that channel. Do you know the book, Nigger, the strange career of a troublesome word can indeed deal the background of what how this whole thing can. I know. I know. We didn't have a month. Of course you'd probably didn't. In fact, you know something if she'd look at I'm sure they had a month. I'll guarantee you. He was on every talking head news show because it was a highly controversial book. But she don't get it. She doesn't want to get it. K-22. Oh, sorry. Faggot 14. Speaks seven and Wop five. How about greaseball? There you go. Huh? I mean, there's so many words we could have put on there. But I mean, what's the point? It's time to get it on. Here's my email. Neil God. Yes, sir. That whole exchange reaffirms the Neil God. I can't believe I find it very hard to believe that a very young, obviously very impressionable white girl calls as a spokesperson for the dark side up in New York. How I write it. Oh, I will wait a minute, though. See, you're assuming something. I want you to keep one thing in mind. She never said that she represented the dark side. She wasn't upset so much about the racial aspect of it. At least from what I'm gathering. She was upset because I was picking on Condolisa. She wasn't calling from the color side. She was calling from the right wing side. That's why she kept trying to play this. Well, aren't you, don't you call yourself a liberal? She didn't give a crap about the racial part. That was just, you know, just she mentioned earlier in the conversation that she that there were groups that were disappointed in you having this on your own. Oh, I'm sure. You see, the American Nazi party don't like me picking on the Condolisa. It's funny, no, those groups actually called you yourself. You know, this, this, you know, go for at Fox News, you know, give you a call. Anyways, you know, keep it straight and the comments too. Okay, see you. See you. 560, 560, prom 560, on the AT&T and Verizon. Wireless line. Wonder how Dick Stockton's doing, you know? Nobody QAM. Neo, how are you? Okay. I gotta tell you, that's stupid bitch that called. I'm like the woman who wants to see things she is calling up and telling you what you can't cannot do. That's right. How do you think you are, honey, called up on this guy, damn high paid radio show. Give me your guy, damn let your boy want out of be doing. I don't know if you think of what I ought to be saying, whatever he's smelling sniffing. Sniffles. And Lucy, either she's unabugged or she hasn't got lead in months. Calling out to you now, lady. Stick it up your ass. Okay. Excellent. There's another good girl coming for you. So, well, send, maybe we ought to send her this black big black thing in here. Prosecutors, basketball star Jason Williams was drunk at the time of the shooting. Her story earlier. Somebody just facked it to me. Prosecutors are given the most complete picture yet of what they say happened. It dimensioned a former basketball star Jason Williams. The night the limousine driver was fatally shot. Williams 34 is accused of recklessly handling the gun that killed. Cost is Gus Christophe. And then try to make the shooting appear to be self implicated. He could face nearly 45 years in prison of convicted of manslaughter and other charges. Pretty well. Oh, no. You can make it about. Give me the ball. Give me the ball. Turn it about that. Okay. Just like the Brian Blades thing, he's too busy running fast and jump high. He don't have time to answer no questions. Here's a couple of red. Hello. Hey, Neil. I have another wrangle. Notice I didn't say take. I have another wrangle. These Republicans act in a subtle fashion. Everything's subtle. She wasn't too subtle. Well, it's interesting that they know that you're from a bride. And I think this was designed to fire up the blacks. Maybe a little bit. You know. Hey, you know. I hope it does fire up to blacks. And they realize that people like her and a fox news people all these right wingers. Want to like him. Friing down everybody's freedom of speech. The thing that's going to. And rage a lot of black people and Haitians, especially. Is this business about this policy last December that just mysteriously appeared. And the administration don't even want to tell anybody who invented it. Yeah. And one other thing, Neil. I switch over once a while to the Nazi station. This Chuck Bates. A new world order. It's to the right of Russell and ball Chuck who Chuck Bates never heard of him. Oh, you don't want to. He said that Paul Waston's now in hell because of this policy. Can you imagine that lovely unbelievable. Neil the mailbox. Okay. That could have been Rick the mailman. You know what was said? See me at the mailbox. I'm not sure which mailbox he was talking about. 560. 560. 560. It's time to get it off. I don't think so. I think your time is past for that sweetheart. Don't forget to join George Boker Brian and the girl ugly Chuck. 570 Treasure Islander. Why did he put that in your fat boy wrote that? I should point out to he. He came watering in here this morning and handed me that. Fill up calling me that. George Boker Brian and little Carlos. 570 Treasure Islander. It's a huge Halloween party with drinks. Specials on cosmic jelly. Yellow shots featuring Stephanie Evans. And boy, she's really going to do it for you. 570 Treasure Island. Just off the ball. I'm going to put it in the middle of the 120 second three. 10. Look at that. 62% not offended by any of those words. They're just words. 62% of the people with a brain. Here's a pepper pie. Hello. Yes sir. Are you doing this? Okay. I could tell you about what you want to call me. And why don't you still my name. I don't have damn pay. Exactly. You got it man. Well, you know, I like you bitch. I like you kiss and they get good morning. I'm going to go on my phone. So I love it. I'm going to do a work. Thanks, Pelle. All right. Thank you. Okay. There's our black collar for the day. She's got no sense of humor. You don't understand this show. That's another thing. You got the nerve. You're taking things out of context, which is why I didn't want to talk to them in the first place because I knew what they had up there sleeve. Try to take something out of context and twist it around and make it seem like a whole song in advance. Man, you people must be considering how they're always blowing their horn about. Oh, he's got twice as many viewers as Connie Chink and Phil's got a donny who's going to do it so great. How come they're so desperate? Huh? What do they need me for? I guarantee I'm not watching your crap. I guarantee that. I just channel surfing seriously. The number of times that I come across that that work. The only reason I watch an Amsterdam is because they don't MSNBC. And CNN is not. They have CNN international on over there. They only put US regular CNN once in a great while for a few minutes. And like the King Myster is on you know. He's on you know. He's on you know. He's on you know. So the only really choice you have in English other than sky news and BBC for me with which is mostly you know British news. If you want to find out what's going on here, you got to watch Fox News. So I got a real good idea what you folks are doing about all that orange pancake make up you're not full on this kid. All over this Halloween. Maybe that's why she called me Halloween. That's the orange network. Huh? Fitz right in. Maybe you want to hang up on her she turned into a pumpkin. If I could run, I'm going to have me some pumpkin pie. 26 after 11. I do like pumpkin pie. Don't you? No. You don't? I don't like it a lot. But like once in a while like I'm Thanksgiving something is an ability. I don't even like chocolate. Like I said Carlos won't be a treasure out of the night. He's going to be getting a tongue transplant. One that's got some taste buds. You don't like chocolate. I never heard of anybody in my life. I don't like chocolate. Same thing George said. I can't stand. Is that the one that I don't like it that much? I said I can't stand it. I don't even like the smell of it. Hey, I got news for you. What more had to do this morning was not chocolate. Okay. Oh, that's why the smell of it. Um, we're so offensive. You see what I'm saying? He's stupid. I know. He'll believe anything. 26 after 11 at 5. 60 WQM. Let's face it. You've been hearing us talk about fast train to leave. I've fast train coming out of both ears. Well, the facts are easy. If you have the dedication, fast train can provide you with necessary training to become a certified computer professional. According to time magazine, the demand for computer professionals will continue to explode. The rapid student completes the training in just four quick easy months attending school free nights a week. Once you've completed your certification fast train will assist you in getting you a new computer job. Fast train advice you to come in and visit their train career council and determine which track is ideal for you. Santa Anita Hollywood Park, Delmar, call fast train toll free at 1 866 fast train to set up that appointment. With four convenient locations is about to be a fast train near you. The run Miami Pembro Pines for Lauderdale and now believe it or not. In highly congested impossible Kindle don't forget to ask the career counselor to for us to sit and just like yourself work currently in their dream jobs thanks to their training at fast train. Call them today get out of your dead and job start making a paycheck like this last guy said like that's worth the get your name on it and it's got a good number on it. Call fast train toll free 1 866 fast train call 1 866 fast train or check them out on the web at fast train dot com or you can do like Carlos coming to work here and you'll never get paid. Fly my beautiful face for a complete bible anyway. there's a butt us mallet. oh oh Boop-boop  Babes hopping out of my net as I scream All of you theaza29s we DAYS We kept moving the critical mone No we got*** sna I think we gon' get burned to Inroe 3 NECTRATION we have the bd 3 NECTRATION 3 NE I'm breaking the sweat my power is losing control I feel like I'm grossed in that Jesus Christ You've been running straight out my home I got a little potter I have to feel like I'm a fire And I've been just like a fire A burning roar I got a truck and a truck of burners Rollers I got a truck and a truck of burners Rollers I got a truck and a burners I got a ring I got a ring I got a ring I got a ring I got a ring I got a truck I got a truck I got a ring I have a 33 at 560WC when you see about Volca Bryant I'd treasure out of that Tell him I think he was right But don't send those things up I tell him I said that I think about it I think he had a point There aren't any coincidences in this world You don't talk about it There are no coincidences But anyway What a beautiful lunch from balance for lunch Look at this chicken Marala Can you see that with beautiful asparagus house Putaji? Wow, that's great Chicken Marala If you were barley in here all men That's definitely not that food What does that mean? It's not bird food It's not bird food It's not bird food What a horrible things like weight watches It was off a little tiny things There were little packages Were like that the Jenny Craig were there Whatever it had thing is And putrid system With those little tiny cans of chemicals I do love a spurgas You only probably just share it with theparagus So it changes the when you'd like peat Squared squirt Put that funky aroma there I've heard that never even a spurgas Go over and see Treasure Island night Carlos would be there bring them a sandwich. He's on a current carpenter diet. Of course when you're getting paid like he is here I guess he can afford to be on that diet. Here's homestead, hello. Hey Neil, in order to... Hello? I'm here. Hey Neil, in order to take a little pressure off about this kind of loser-right issue, can you play the comedy bit about the Holocaust? Dennis, that was Dennis. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 80, and 10, right. And by the way, Dennis didn't get on the ear. You're never going to get on the ear again sweetheart. So does I heard the voice of the- that sounds like that, ranting and raving Dennis. I'm going to have to figure out what his voice sounds like. He's an accident waiting to happen. His who he is. I'm surprised he's not what his boyfriend today. It is Halloween. Here's homestead, hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. I got some on a sort of cute story on it. I'm a Spanish or a spic- you know. Big him. And dime a dozen. And my sister when we got here at the Florida, she got married with an African-American. So, you know, I have nephews who are African-Americans in... Half an o. Yeah, so we joke around, you know, about spics and blacks and this and that. Yeah, they don't say blacks. Don't they use the word nigger? Well yeah, they use nigger. But we don't- they don't use the word spic. They use the word chicos. Uh-huh. So, to me, her- to them were all chicos and me, you know, with them, they're niggers. So we- but they're, you know, they're a- Don't you remember that- that's from Freddie Princho. Chico and the nigger remember that show? No, I don't think I remember that. Before airtime, yeah. Yeah. That's pretty hard. But yeah, you know, they're- and they don't- when they use the word, they don't use it offensively. They use it as a joke. All right. You see, this broad has no sense. And she kept saying me, you find that funny. Is there something funny? I thought it was like a female Joe Pesci. She kept saying that over and over again. She couldn't believe that anybody would find that funny. I think it's hysterical. Maybe she's related to Moe. Could be kissing cousin, baby. Yeah. Okay, I have a great time. Thank you. Spos and shows, what's wrong with that? Like, I suppose and shows is right to the point. And I just like that summer rating book, I'll suppose and shows. But there's nothing wrong with saying that. Just it's just an easy quick way to say who got the diaries. Dark folks and, you know, beeners. Oh, sorry. I shouldn't be talking with my mouth full because it's probably going to be throwing up. And we're going to do a big story about this. Good. Have a good time. Have a great time sweetheart. Here's the West Palm Beach, hello. West Palm is gone. West Palm Beach? Oh, it's North Miami Beach. I'm sorry. Well, some Beach, I don't know. You got me, no, no. Yes, sir. Sounds just like you. I think it is. Yeah, you see you with the comic strip, boondocks, I guess. Aren't you? One of the funniest with a two black kids. They're always being sarcastic about what's going on in the black community. Never heard that. The both doctors in the Harold might even be in the family. I don't know the kind of read the file. I only went to the godfather's Wednesday every day, funny paper. Yeah, what's the funniest hell? A few weeks ago, they had a strip and in it, they were sort of, it banned me about the words and it made sense when you read it. Hitler, Bush and the Holocaust. The sure enough, and it was funny, it's hell. Don't tell that to Vox Newsman, okay, not probably not going to be knocking on your door three in a morning. No, follow the letter from a lady. Look, God. A letter to the Harold, I survived the Holocaust, and that's disgusting. You shouldn't have it. You should ban your eyes on it. I think what you got to do is tell these people to look up the dictionary parody and satisfy and learn something. All right, you don't have to go buy a sense of humor somewhere. You do a great job. Thanks a lot. Thanks. See there you go. This audience seems, I mean, yeah, I'm sure we're here from some asshole. They're like Dennis who didn't get on here. Not because he disagreed because that was what's a, take some horrible shot. I know what he said was in such grotesque sport days. But what do you expect? We're glad it was boyfriend. Let's have them in the day before Halloween. Dennis, the ice Denise, I'm sorry. I thought there was only one Denise. I thought she was on him hockey games. 560, 0560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here is Palm Beach, hello. West Palm? That's you. I know. How are you? I talked to you a couple of times since I moved to Florida about 23 years ago. My husband and I both listened to you nowadays. I think I got all riled up this morning. Really? I think we're listening to that woman talk to you in the phone. You know, it's a non-issue as they say in political circles. If you get the people excited about a non-issue, then they're not paying attention to the real issues. That's the story, of course. Of course, it's 12 trip down here. He uses the White House as his campaign headquarter. Yeah, I think they're getting really desperate. Absolutely. But just man, hang in there because we need to go anywhere. I'm not going anywhere. The well stone was a voice of reason and he'll be surely missed. Yeah. And there's not many around that have the courage to express. I'm really disgusted with that just event, to a reaction to what went on there the other way. I mean, it wasn't a big deal and it started out very somber than a. As everybody said, who knew him, that would have been what Paul, well stone, would have wanted. Because he was a person of high ideals. He wanted very much to represent a certain viewpoint in a Senate and the whole pepperally that developed into, okay, so maybe that we're discurdious to Trent Lopp. What's he going to expect me in their in the middle of 99 percent Democrats? What is he expected? Absolutely. And it was the family's funeral. Right. He's hoping that the two sons were the ones who wanted it that way, so I'll can you disrespect their wishes on how they wanted to pay respects to their father? Kind of like having your own radio show. Yeah. Oh, what a concept. What a concept. Yeah. Oh, they're watching. Hey, Rob. Oh, we're fine. I'm like, I always say. Have a great day. Okay. See you. Thanks. You see the people are in a good mood. They like this. Show nobody forces them to listen to it. Nobody. I don't come on here and say, you've got to believe this. You've got to believe whatever. I'm just here to express my viewpoint. And I got news for you. Honey, I don't like con de lisa because she's a little bit too condescending for us. I'm concerned. Talk about a lightweight. I don't give her crap. How many colleges agree she's got? She couldn't find a goddamn Rhode Island with a compass and a road map. Okay. Condon, Lisa. Oh, she's this and she's that man. Okay. And it's gotta be the, it's gotta be the Bill or anything. I mean, you'd be, you'd be disparate and bear us too if you had a, oh. In a market. All that big build up. Oh, he's going to come in here. That's why they wanted me on the first place. They think Neil Rogers is going to put him on a map here. Well, this ain't got to worry about. He's making all the money off TV. He's got to be making more money than God. What the, what are you using me for? Nothing I care. I'm be sure and spell the name right. Okay. I get very upset when he put an an an an a and Neil, even though it's a funny name. Twenty-two noon at five, sixty, W to Q a. I'm let me tell you about all your men. There's nothing funny about that. It's a great product that you just popped on your push and it does all kinds of good things for you. All your men met at three and four men was her advanced combinations of the best olive oil that you'll find anywhere is combined with vitamins and minerals and robles of the nutrients. Scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs. Look for all your meds, three new formulas. I want to help you sleep. One for weight management and coq 10 for your heart and believe me coq q 10 is great stuff. Very important. I'll use the benefits of the best olive oil like I said. Only meds a great new product if you want to find out more about a color tool for number at 1-866. Only a med. 1-866-665-36633 or pipsum off at publicsaccharger wall greens or check out their website. You can order it and get more info there at oliumedamerica.com. In no figure if you visit nearest public store by an oliumed product in Broward or date you can get you a coupon for a free Larry Coke, cocker, Bobblehead doll, well supplies life and say coke. Because now when you're talking about the hurricanes you don't want to be talking about stuff like that. Don't forget to visit their sampling for Vignan Sports Center. Every Sunday when the dolphins are playing home games, pick up free oliumed samples and start poppin it in your post for good health. The next day, we'll be back in the next video. We'll be back in the next video. We'll be back in the next video. We'll be back in the next video. We'll be back in the next video. We'll be back in the next video. We'll be back in the next video. We'll be back in the next video. I got a win though down on our top of the day because the HECD don't work no way. The spending cash per lawsuit starts with smell and gets the custody working over time. I'm $4.5.50. You're a side-counter station for the new century. So why come to find out that not only is Heather full of crap, she's also a liar. Very devious. These dangerous games we play when we choose to fill a. She calls yesterday in the control room and she says, oh my God, I got to get a hold in the arad juice. So how to get a hold of. And I need his home number. And of course nobody's going to give out my home number here. And she says, oh yeah, but we want to do a story about his great ratings. Now he's dominated the market all these years. How do you like that, huh? For making up stories lie in bitch who you can and you're giving us a lecture on humanity? How do you like that? Does my come at for you sweetheart? Here's another one. Why don't want to do it in the middle of the one so we can come back up. Oh, there we go. Want to do a story about my good ratings. Can't do a story about Bill or Roddy's ratings in this market because he don't have any. Okay sweetheart, it's a big. Oh, looks like a, yeah. Looks like a zero. Just in we can like in we case, but. Only quite frankly I rather see a Mickey's butt than Bill or Rally. 560, so we're going to be playing that tomorrow between 9 and 10. Yep. It's on the that. Anybody didn't hear the a brilliant call from our good close friend Heather. It Fox news network in New York who's called here to give me a lecture about the song Kiss and A Good Morning and Cond Lisa. And starts to want to hold the thing where she went into a wrap about what a brilliant woman she is. And what do we put them up? I mean, that's like something out of a dream. Something out of a dream. Are you think that's funny? Yeah. WQAM. Yes sir. Speaking of lion perfect timing. After the election, the Gore Bush election. Falwell came on and said that there were 20 million. So cold right wingers. And then on 60 men it comes on a set there's 70 million. Are they multiplying like crazy? Yeah, what are they rabbits? The other thing is that the poll is now fighting 4644 and 10 on decided on the McBride Bush race. Where's your that? That was on the not the horse race poll, but the the garrison something poll garrison. Excellent. And the way everything is. If we didn't get about 200,000 Haitians to come on and vote next to you, they may almost stick your synget back to that place where they stuck in a silver spoon up his ass. By the way, I picked up the phony other day and I got a solicitation from the honorable Palm delay. Ah, with. Oh, not the number of my lunch. A live person came on it said I have the 30 second Tom delay recorded method. We please listen to this. And he starts out and all this right wing crap. As soon as you heard the name, it should have been the dial tone. And I kept saying, well, what does this mean? I don't understand this. What do you want me to do? What do you want me to do? And they couldn't answer this. The go to our website, you'll find out. You should have told them where to go. Yeah. Thanks. Have a great day, pal. You know, somebody's people out there that would know Tom delay from seven second delay. But anyway, five six seven. Oh, five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. 477 votes on at pull 62% say they're not offended by any of those words. Sticks and stones and all other old crap, right? It's good good. Good. The model live by. How does that go? Fool me once and don't do it again. And that was the president said, yeah, fool me once and I won't do it again. Here is a member of park, hello. Well, I was wondering what kind of best of tape you would have. But he just is nothing. That would be plenty for me. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Yeah, let's just make a best of them with Heather from Fox. That call we get a 90 share with that call. It's every week. They're I love it. Make a regular feature of it. Let me tell you about what's the right wing in this country. What they would like to have on a year. Larna S. Limbaugh, Bill O'Reilly, G Gordon Litty, Oli North, Allen keys, all right wing all day. Anybody with a sending point of view get off the air. Who the hell are you to be saying those things? I mean, you talk about a fascistic mentality and they say that we throw words around like that. Well, you know, you throw them around because they happen as the food fits, bear it. Just the way it works. People don't want to like stamp down anybody else who has a different point of view. Tough crap, man. We're going to say it. Whether that pitch likes it or not, whether Bill or Ryle Lester not. Whether the Rupert Murdoch likes it or not. I don't get any check from Fox News every week. You think most getting any, oh, that's right. He didn't work for Fox. And was Westwood one. He got blown out of here's Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. I don't. I'm a half-spick half-crow. My wife's a whipback. My two friends, once a nigga, the other ones a wap and I worked for a big nose, too. And I've always worked for a few gentlemen. Got them. Yeah. And I think words are bunch of crap. These guys are crazy. These religious fanatics and these fucking politicians. Okay. Great. Woo! Have you been doing a little bit of motion? Larry the answer. He said something about the F and politicians. Well, that was a good lunch. No, sorry. He's a very subversively, we're quietly. Ah. Takes years of practice of enabling you with your mouthful. And talk with your mouth closed. Let's say for your telemarketing schmucks, anti-tellmarketing.com. Great show. P.S. how do I attack the buffet? And then John from porcelain Lucy, who's out of control facts is again. He says it's impossible to become a chronic factor. Three and one day, yes, John. And he goes on again about incoming calls. Oh, turn anonymous call rejection on permanently star 77. Turn it off permanently to turn it back on star 88. But I beat but I beat but I beat but I add and etc. Also, this is a publicity program for years. By many of the some priorities to be hilarious. My politics already voted absentee for Jeff Bush. But I still enjoy most of the songs we guardless of who they roast. Republican Democratic White or Black. As for Fox News, her call demonstrated classic liberal thinking and other oxymoron. It's okay for Harry Bellafond to call Conne de Liza and Cole and House Negroes because he's almost black. But if you do, you're automatically a politically incorrect racist pig who is defending every black person in the world. You handle it very effectively, but I guarantee you'll be subjected to a total hatchet of a Fox News. Next couple of days don't change anything. Big deal, John. And additionally, what you're wrong, it's got nothing to do with liberal. When you try to repress what other people say that ain't liberal. Ultra right wing. As in Rupert Murdoch, you can fool in anybody with a brain. Here's another fact, his, he knew one of the most youth phrases in the black community is, was up, Niga. They used this word on themselves more than we do. Was up, Niga? I hear that all the time. All they'd say to me. Better than. Faggot. Not actually not really. I like faggot a little bit better. Here's poking a creek, hello. Oh, no. Yes, sir. Oh, I was on your website the other day. And you said, you always say, you're fat. You got that you look like Larry King. You're not fat. Don't be fristed. Yeah, why do you want to date? No, not exactly. Okay. Do you want to know where I can get a copy of the best of cities or anything that you used to advertise last year? Now we're not doing that anymore. You don't do it in the best of cities anymore? No, not this year. Too many lazy people around here. Can we get copies of the old one? No. I'm just, I mean, I'm making it up. The answer is no, I'm not that I know of. No, I mean, I thought they'd be available on the website or something. No, they should be, but they're not. We have a whole bunch of them, but they're not because Eric's up. They're eating now. You know, I'll get on his ass about it. We'll get him on there. Please do. I enjoy your show. Okay, thanks. They should be on there. Why should we have it ongoing thing? I mean, girls tell me yesterday. We got all these leftover from last year. Why not cut the price in half? We give them money to charity to a band of pet rescue and go from there. If we got a whole bunch of stuff already. And then we can come up with those really nifty key chains like, It's time to get it off. Something like that. Oh, we're not. You know, just during the midst of all of this, you know, who's conspicuously absent and hasn't shown his face in the early one time since he came back after that family tragedy they had. Well, to come back, showing his face in the early one time. You know who that is? Great. Yeah, that's right. In the midst of all of this stuff going on, Tony, Mr. Oblivious. Mr. Oblivious. But have a nice day, Greg. Have a nice being here for a little while. 156 at 5.60 WQA. There's never been a better time to purchase a homo refinance. Resisting home. How about this rate? 3.95%. That's right. Financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95% by calling this number. And believe me, they've been around a long time. So, thanks for listening by the way. 10940 L.E.N.D. That's 1-800-94053. The money you're going to save is absolutely. Oh, great. But think about it. You can get $100,000 loan for 1,450 bucks a month. Or $200,000 loan for 1,250 bucks a month. The process is simple, and you're going to save yourself a Schmittloader cash each year. Just call our good buddies at financial group at 1-800-940-Lin. And there's never been a better or smarter time to get your way low interest rate than right now as I speak. The confidential group you'll be on a way to save and big cash. They're in equal housing lender. Credit restrictions do apply and rates are something to change if you wait too long. So, call them right now as you're thinking about it. 1-800-940-L.E.N.D. That's 1-800-94053. 63. We're supposed to win you five season. You a-m. Look at it. It's the 12-1 hour. Yeah, at least we're today. Ladies, there's nothing worth some distinctly smell emanating from way down there. Oh. Believe me, your love tunnel can get that way pretty fast from improper care. So, if you want to clean, premon proper love canal, you need to use clutter-ox. It's the industrial strength wedge cleaner. And it comes in a variety of flavors to cleave it. Hmm, strawberry. My favorite. Hold your horses, big guy. So, if you want to clean, fragrant love subway, get clutter-ox. Because soap and water just isn't enough. Now, where were we? Hmm, yeah. Oh, anyway. Ha ha ha ha. That was not a year, just relax. How you doing? Good. Pretty good. I'm doing fine. You're making my days. I have to tell you. Really? How about if I put that on in my work? This board is such a piece of crap. Here's Hank Goldberg, who allows another ounce or two or two or three? Not working at it. Ha ha ha ha. You want me both? Takes time. He's saying you take time, like 30 years. How come I don't see any level on there? Is this thing on? Give it a test. Smack it. Yeah, it's on. So, what do you think of my good friend Heather? Did you hear it? I was doing the ones that radio. Ah, geez, you missed it. Oh, I just heard you talking about it, but I intend to listen to it when you're showing it. You won't believe it. You won't believe it. And what I really believe is that, or while you saw this, but the book is here, which is such as it was. Nobody's here in the summertime. They don't listen to it in the summer, but after you held it even show in the in this book. They don't exist. So he had a zero. So all I tried to do is exploit and use me to try to whip up a number for them. So that's got to be that because nobody could be as stupid as she was. And you really think that's funny. And the kind of leaves is a very bright young woman above a bonus. Like she's giving me a lecture on what I should say and what I should think in that set of and so on. That's a mistake. Now bad move to Starway. Very bad mistake. Tragedy. So how's life? What is good? And the breeders cup? The breeders cup was great. I don't know. The day boys, I got no. For the breeders cup? Yeah, he doesn't usually, but I spent Thursday afternoon with him. I said, you ought to call him the old little tomorrow. I think I'll look that thing out. I got to my put the, this is the worst piece of crap bored by the way Bob for most. You should have seen Bob for most of the names today, by the way. You should have heard the crap he was talking about, Scraven and it was, in fact, Look what he gave me over there. This was, he said, Roy left us behind just to keep Scraven busy all the time. Oh, he was foment at the mouth about how you don't, you know, crap where you're eating, but I'm beat better. Well, I see gets a little booze in the man. That guy's a wild man. Really? Yeah. I have to take him drinking then. Better you than me. I don't want to ever see him again. He was a disaster. But no, I was with Dave Thursday afternoon. I said, you ought to call me. I need to study, buddy, mate. I'm Friday. Didn't do it. You know, it seems like every year in a breeders cup, every, oh, you had him. Every year, there's a horse that has to be destroyed. It seems there else has some horrendous injury. You know, I had that horse, Fox and he exacted with the two horses around one and two. He was 13 and one and the winner was 25 to one and a race. And he was making a great move on the outside. He stepped in that hole. Yeah. And his stable mate, the horse that finished second that, what the hell? I can't think of Rock, Rock, Rock, Rock, Rock, Rock. That ride that the British Jockey game was for. They all of eight of no Brian's horses got stuck in a gate for some reason. Yeah. They didn't break well. Everyone of his horses, the train. No, but they kept talking about the fact that in England, they, they don't like racing really wide. And so as a result, he didn't want to be on the outside too long. But if he'd have pulled that horse in the back, he would have died. Really, you've seen a horse close that fence. Yeah. Well, the other thing is they run the other way. And then one too. And I'm wondering if maybe the horse didn't get a little. He wasn't here at the very long. A little spooked is that what you want to say? Don't say that. You'll be getting calls from Heather on your show. Don't be saying that. I worked for you. That's right. That's a bad conflict. Yeah. Final that the Dick Stockton works for Fox News. Do you know what I'm saying? Doesn't he live in Boca? Yeah. He works for... I mean, Clark Sports. And that's what I'm saying. Yeah. It's a different operation. But does he live in Boca? Yeah. I just mentioned I just did that. No, I didn't say he did. I know he did. But anyway. He doesn't look stocked and awful. I know you're a big guy. Your friend. He's a great guy. He must be a wonderful guy. He's awful on here. So boring. Home run. They're one of the great moments in the history of the world. So the home run is boring. But at any rate. Joe Buck was kind of disappointing. Yeah. You know, I mentioned this the other day. I know if you were listening. Saturday night. I'm at the track at Pompano. And I'm driving home in the series is on. And I've never ever liked John Miller because he does that. It's all he's, you know, I'll say if they have the fake one. He's doing a regular work game of the week. But he was so damn good because we hit it on the station. Yeah. He was sensational. You know, when he eases like they could have come back. Yeah. He was great. Not just good. I'm 10 times better in Joe Buck. Joe Buck to me is just on one step above generic. He was. I don't even think he's that. And when I want a bad break for Joe Angel. I'll have him leave here. Go to the Giants. I had Joe on the show last. Did you? Yeah. Good for him. Good for him. I'm glad for him. I always said anybody gets away from this place is always going to be moving up. It's especially when you're leaving John Henry in the Marlins. Well, look at the way using that beautiful ballpark out there. What could be, what could be bad about broadcasts in the Giants game? And then go to the world. Sorry to the 7th game every day. Yeah. And then everybody, you know, I kept hearing all these people while our ratings were so bad. And the lowest, who gives a crap. You know, it was a great series. Even though like I can't stand based on any more of that. It's terrific series. Yeah. Well, once upon a time, I mean, the world series was like the Super Bowl. Even if he didn't care during your regular season. Everybody wants to series. John Miller made a comment that so true about baseball. And, you know, one of the things people complain about is a lengthy game is a whatnot. But he got into the eighth inning and he said, well, they have four outs to do something. And he said, that's the beauty of baseball. Right. Four outs. If they don't don't don't do anything for outs, it's over for them. No time clocked, right? Anything like that. Time doesn't run out of it. I knew he said you run out of outs. And so true about the game. Yeah. I heard, I don't want to put it on you because yesterday was Robin Home and Mad Dog was just ragged on the Patriots again. By the way, I want to thank Joe. You should have seen a beautiful band. Did you see it? Carlos. That travel bag. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. He had a beautiful, beautiful, nice thing. Didn't have any naked pictures of Tom Brady and everybody was okay. But he's ragged on him and this and that. First of all, I got no defense this year. They have no defense. Right. He's not reading any offensive lines given in an open attack. He's getting sack six, seven times a game. He's not playing that bad. But the fact of the matter is they got lucky. Finally said at the end yesterday when he finished ripping him, we got to ring by the Bing. Look at our ring. You know, they won a last year and he's talking how lucky they were in this and that, you know, one of the dolphins got to show us. And Bobbers made that in this town. Nobody wants to give anybody else credit. So they had your gap to be lucky to win to get that far. Well, that's a great coach last year. Right. And not this year though. No, I, you know what happened? They just got away from what they were doing. They tried to throw the ball every down. I think they'll be Buffalo. When they got to the fourth quarter of the Kansas City, you know, even though they won it over time and they blew that two touched on lead. Yeah. I could see that was like the unraveling of the defense. It couldn't stop my grandma. Other plane Brady a little differently. Yeah. He's a little bit like a pitcher. Yeah. Who goes around a little bit. Not okay. It was person life. I mean, I know you're no a lot of people. I say it was a catch. I don't know. I said, look at like a doctor. Don't stop what I might be at this stuff. He's the catcher. Is what we're here. But he goes around a lead one time. Maybe they're a little on to him. The second time around and they play him a little differently. Could happen. Don't be alright. WK, he looks so kiddo me. I think they win this week. Have a great show. Say hi to Bino for me by the way. We have had a great show. Yeah. Thanks to my good friend Heather. Maybe I can they have a call you with things good slow. See you later. There's Hanko 560. WK, we got the rating book here to take home. Oh man. It's pretty bad. Jesus Christ. Yeah. Yours two man. 670560, Pond 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Del Rey. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes sir. She is her true DB. You know what that is? Heather. Yeah. Did you get a copy of the letter that was sent to Morgan David? Oh, you sent that? Yeah. Yes I did. Okay. Because he said he read the verse sentence and tore it up. Really? I read the whole thing. I thought it was great. Yeah. Isn't it something? Mm-hmm. He will not have missed anything. I can say about him. I've already said he's the most bizarre creature that's said. Yeah. I don't think he's a morning. Your sports station, right? Yeah. Supposed to get scores in the morning. Now they give the pan to score in the heat score. Yeah. Then they give you a call. Then they give you a phone number to call for the rest of the score. It's never heard such a thing. That's a little bit an automated station. This morning, opening of the NBA never gave another score. The talking canary only talked about the panters in the heat. Morgan, I forgot to put in their name. The program in the morning. Morgan David and the talking canary. Okay. It was a great letter. I'd like to say a little bit. It wasn't a waste. I read it all. Hi, appreciate it. Thank you. I've got it here. Maybe I'll read it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. This is a very disturbing story. Football player kisses homecoming game goodbye. What a sad story. A single peck planted on his girlfriend's forehead cost a Henry County High School Senior that chanced to play in the homecoming football game. Now where is this? People send me these stories and I don't know what papers they're from or what Towner from a, oh, it says somewhere in Georgia. Because I see home news Metro. It's somewhere in Georgia figures. James Jamie Maurice is still smarty from his punishment for what officials at Union Grove High in McDonald. Consider inappropriate contact with Heather Kellock, 1217. The two day in school super, a suspension also blocked a starting varsity linebacker from the big game. His girlfriend of eight months was not disciplined for getting the hallway kiss spotted by a vice principal. It's been crazy. I don't want this tap into somebody else Maurice said. Yesterday it hurt me so bad my senior year missing my homecoming game. I'm going to be scarred for life. I have no stories to tell my kids. An upset Deborah Hefflan sought out the news media to bring attention. What happened to her son? Homeshe describes his very affectionate good student has never been in trouble. I just think they're carrying us a little bit too far Hefflan said. Let the punishment fit the crime. School officials believe it does. The district considers inappropriate contact being between students a no no. A no no. And leaves it up to principle to decide exactly what is appropriate. Rodney Boller. Union grow principal said kissing hugging excessively in other physical contact. Distract students from academics. We want a strong academic environment in which kissing is not an activity to take place in the school building. You said Maurice said he had no idea a kiss on a forehead would violate. A little peck on a cheek a kiss on a forehead. Man. You talk about a bunch of y'all. Oh this is from the Atlanta Journal Constitution. Thank you. Maurice said he had no idea that would violate school rules. They should be cracking down on guns, drugs, fighting everything else at the 17 year old. Who collected 800 student signatures in the failed attempt to get the Henry County School Superintendent Jack Parish to reverse Bowler's decision. Bullwerse that he's enforceable consistently and plans to continue doing so. At least it doesn't students have served in school suspensions this semester for the same violation of the little peck on a forehead. County School board members have not considered reviewing the policy advice president Murray and Mitchem who to climb to comment further. He's been Robert is still dead. I didn't like that, huh? Little peck on a forehead you're out in Georgia. Very sad. What did I tell you about this redneck country vars? Oh and by the way! Oh! You remember a couple of days ago somebody facts me that thing about redneck nation right Michael Lifergoth. And I was almost out in the book he was on. I think was on Crossfire last night or one of those talking he had chosen so many of them. This guy's a raving right wing lunatic. He's a right wing extremist. He's not an all-what-they are representing to be that. So thank goodness I saved some cash my lucky day. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T. And for wise and wireless line. 10 past 11 at 560 QA. I'm Tom Layman in the gang down there at Halipoddy at GMC say even though it's Halloween no tricks just treats. That's right it's the great 0% Halloween event it's going on right now as in today at Halip. With the proof credit from GMAC you can get 0% down payment and 0% financing from up to 60 months on all brand new. What is it all 2002 Pontiac and GMC models and select 2003's get it right or take a wee bit of up to 45 her bucks. Here's even more treats not tricks 0 payments for 90 days and always in Halip and 0 hassles of course because they treat you right. That's why they've been going strong for so long. You know that Michael right now aside can you believe how low do you I had that why open. No this is the wrong there. There's something wrong in a microphone, Julio and Bob remote so instead of picking on force, you ran and Roy get the mic fixed in here for crying a lot. I had the pot. Why open air? I had it. Well anyway check out the complete line of GMC SUVs including the on-poison by motor trend is SUV. The year in the all new Pontiac Vibus SUV that's a big gutsy SUV with the power of a fancy fancy sports car. Halip's also got a tremendous selection of used cars trucks in SUVs and if you have a credit problem if some of the card dealers say, Uh-huh. And Halip, they'll cut you deal. It's the great 0% Halloween event right now at Halip Pontiac in that same location that you know in love. 13411 South Dixie Highway that's US 1 right across from the falls open every day. Seven days away. You can give a call if you like a 305, 238, 4040, 305, 238, 4040 for Halip Pontiac GMC who be professional great. This is sports wedding in the 560 of the UAE. A ride. A ride. A ride. Look at who that is. Everybody look at who that is. Look at who that is. That is where the SUV is. These are racing with race around in the car that is. The race driver that never wins. That is where the SUV is. Now she here, are you kids? They call it Mr. Reels. Oh well, they too know when I've reached in our rocket 80. Oh, where are you, baby? You showed a fancy day. Oh, how the dream is that you win the race? Oh, well, I came in and loaded this place. Well, you heard yourself so we don't have a plan. We'll get that on it and how's about a date? Oh, I ain't gonna take that jam. That's a new cake called any land. Is that why you don't go out with me? You ain't too slow. You can't. Well, I may be slow on the street, but I show beef as though I'm a piece. Oh, I'm 16. 5, 60, WM, it's interesting. Five days before they left. I guess it's just a coincidence. Oh, that's the next start up all the scrap. I mean, what's the point? I have no cloud in this market. I'm not gonna get one person to go out there and vote. One way or the other. But the message being, hey, you see these liberals, even at the right down there in Miami, these liberals, they're against you. Blacks that make it fun, you see all vote Republican. Is that gonna happen? No, chance who you kiddin' man? Especially once we find out about this racist immigration policy that the Bush administration started based on, we don't know what cause they ain't saying. You got a question? Hmm, our lips are sealed, no matter what it is. Now, if you believe in government of secrecy, especially when it comes to what should be open policy. Hey, just go step right on down, man. Five hundred three votes, which of these words do you think is most offensive? None of the above. They're just words three hundred fourteen sixty two and a half percent. Oh, nigger, hundred and thirty three. See, again, that's a social thing one more time because a lot of you folks are just behind the times. You know what I'm saying, nigger? It's just, it's no, seriously, it's just a very common word now. Everybody be saying it, man. Yep, white kids, all of them. White kids, every hey, how do I nigger? What's up, nigger? Hundred and thirty three, say nigger. Twenty seven, say, kike. Oh, they like. Fag at fifteen, spick only eight and wap only six. Wow, the Italians, hey, the Italians don't make fun of them, you don't understand? They give you that, they put their finger, their index finger on their nose. They turn it off to the side if you make fun of them. What that's like a Sicilian message. It's like the fish in the vest. It's a different Sicilian message. It's the old Bopongurl, the Italians salute, which means somebody's going to come visit you with two in a morning. And it looked just like Luca Brazzi. Here's the fact it says the motto for Fox News should be, we disturb we derived. Have these morons no shame? Well, the answer is no, obviously not. You've had these pirates on for months now, but they're only bringing up five days before a very close selection. Knowing that you've spoken favorably about McBride, it says. Hmm, or I guess we could put another way besides, which is hard to say. Yeah, this is also hard to say. Not only yorkers are like that fascist Heather, adolescent new everyday, part in the expression religiously. PSC to please play Willie T. Ribs for the Murdoch who's there. Just there you go. You ask me shall receive. Here's the facts from Furn who says. Now see, I love Hank. We see what happened to the calls as soon as I understand, but it's out of, uh, Sink, you know, they don't want to wait for the Humper. A lot of open lines now for some strange reason. 567560 pound 560. Well, probably because they couldn't hear him. That's probably the biggest reason. Probably. You talk about a microphone that don't work. I like to take a ball-peen hammer to that thing, okay? Got the pot wide open here and nobody's even smoking it. Furn says, Neil, that call from Heather from Fox was hysterical. I burst out laughing. You were just great the old Neil I remember. Yeah, pretty good. That used to be about 50, 60 years ago, right, Furn. I was drinking my coffee when you took the car to answer it was just what I wanted to hear about that bitch, Condolisa, and the rest of that bunch of low lives in that administration. Thanks for you. I wish more people would listen to you. So do I. Can't stand George when he's on. I turn him off. Good luck, Furn. Thanks, Furn. I like when George is on because it means I'm not here. I'm not working that day, but nevertheless, I turn him off too. Too much ass talk. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon line. But you can tell George's in person at Treasure Island tonight put on your Halloween best. Go to the big Halloween party with drink specials on Cosmic Jelly, Jello shots, featuring Stephanie Evans is going to be Priced around squirt and stuff all over the room. In fact, Chuckie, Carlos, whatever his name is told me his Halloween custom is going to be a yellow rubber raincoat. Join George, Volkabrine, and little Carlos, 570 afternoon in Treasure Island, just off the Palmmetto with the 120 second street exit. And Volkabrine will be bringing some CDs. I don't know what he's going to be peddling. Okay, he needs metal help. So I can tell you, but he didn't have a point. He had a point. Here's a Cape Coral, hello. Yeah, this is our Larry from Cape Coral. Yes, Larry, okay. Hey, I was wondering was your birthday yesterday today? It's not easy to want us next Tuesday. Okay. I'm going to see you happy birthday, Tom. Well, thanks a lot. Never too soon. It's say happy birthday. Okay. Well, happy birthday to you. Thank you so much. It's kind of hard to hear you over here in the other side of the scene. You need the boost up. They get a floor up to the dim bulb over there in the morning. Yeah. Yeah. Something like you were on the area, so it's really hard to pick it up. But it's worthwhile in this, the cello called your show, which that was really hilarious. I think like you ever said, Burn on CD, Burn it in person, posterior. The cell is really reattach. And thank God you're Sony, or keep the pay. Thanks a lot, Larry. Okay. Bang in there over there, baby. A lot of people hanging over there. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon. Wireless line. We got a wild day going on here. We got the Fox people caught up the Neil Rogers show. Tell an old Neil, what I should be saying on the year. What I should be thinking, what I should be playing and saying, and that's et cetera. Because they're desperate, evidently, for a little promotion or publicity. I don't really care. They suck. You can do whatever it had you want. You can slice it. You can do anything you want with it. It still comes out to say, okay. It smells just like that. But your old news hacks that got kicked off the network side. I can't even think of that. What's the name, Brit Hume? All those other guys. Oh my God. Put them in mothballs already. Where you all these staggy old, right wing, Rupert Murdoch, bootlickers. You know, I didn't get out of here already with that crap. Week. Well, our rating. I don't care what your ratings are. I don't know what's in a Hank. Maybe the World Series rating sucked, but it was a great series. Just because somebody's got ratings don't make it a show. Look at the big lardas. Okay. Is that a show? No. I'll lower your got bigger numbers than what's his name. Don't confuse me with the facts. WKOM. The spin doctor. KOM. Nobody there. Nobody there. Let's try my M.E. Hello. Yes, sir. I don't know where this box news be. I'll tell you what you can say on your radio show. Personally, I don't like anybody in the Bush administration. I think those phones are great. Yeah. And, you know, this is still American last night. Okay. Keep in mind, described it even really when the election. He lost the election by half a minute in votes against a woodman. I wouldn't end it either. Fourth of October, Vice Presidential candidate. Well, try not confusing them with that. Anyway, I have one request and that is tomorrow when you replay that phone call. I would appreciate if you could play that whole block between commercials including the five-minute ran afterwards. Okay. Thank you. Whatever you like, he'll kill some good time. I'm looking forward to it. Play it three or four times. Thanks. Bye, Neil. That sounds like a good idea. We'll just play it over and over and over again. And then all those people in New York that are really all those groups in just with just all these wild generalities. This group is upset and that group is upset and the veterans are foreign wars are upset. Just to them, okay? All you crusty old right wingers with your toe jam, all right? Get lost. Hold, but you're very unpatriotic and you're supposed to go step behind the print of all the goose step this. Although they do say you can't pass up a goose, especially in the elevator. Here's Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Yes. I love the three solfaces that could take their cars home. Come up on the highway at 75 miles an hour. Put their highlights on. Ask me, get off and go to freaking dry cleaners store to get their laundry. Yeah. That's what I love. I love it. How fast are you going? I was doing 73. He blew it. He came up my butt. Did you hear my butt? What? What? What did me highlighted me? Got out of the way. That's him. Excuse me. I came from an 87 miles an hour. He got off and worked with dry cleaner. Yeah. Well, probably after he got off, he had to go to the dry cleaner and just like bubble with that blue dress. 5, 6, 7. I see. I noticed that Heather wasn't offended by that. Maybe we'll have to play some of the bill Clinton songs. Well, it's a little bit more like a bill with blue dress and bills cigar and monocons, but John, although I don't think so. We don't have to humor her. She's not going to orchestrate. Well, we do want to show. Although I do like all Gorbore to cool miners. A lot. Here's a cool spring, so. Yeah, call the speaker the mad dog. Yeah, okay. We'll hold on. Not. Here's your field. Hello. If you don't think it's funny, we're going to the beach. Yeah. Is this their field beach? Yeah. Well, no, this is me. Yeah, okay. Aren't you in dear field? 5, I know. Okay. Look out to window open window and take a sniff. You'll recognize it. I have like a century village over here. Oh, so much you want to open up the windows of the night. No chance. No, but I just got one comment. I just turned on me show. I listen to you every day. I just woke up at a big party last night. A big party. Yeah, party. Yeah, I'm from Boston. I'd like to cover with it. To bed about them, Patriots, huh? Unbelievable. You got rid of Bluso for the Brady. Bluso. Yeah. Bluso. Yeah. All the all the Brady barge did was win a Super Bowl last year. Yeah. They're not doing up and now. Yeah. Well, look at them and Buffalo. Yeah. Hey, but anyway, I know like, you know what, you know what, you know what, you know what, you know what, listen me out. What's that? The Coast Guard is the next bridge over. You've got 1000 Haitians coming in. They couldn't catch these things. There goes the economy again, don't themselves, my amy. Well, you did comey. What about the guy in Homeland Security? Did you feel safe? No. I can't believe it. Yeah. I mean, you know, that's what a Swiss people. I got news for you, sir. They couldn't catch a cold over there. I could catch a cold. You kidding me? Now we got all these watch on my ass again. Unbelievable. Watson, you ask? Well, these Haitians are okay. Great. Watson is asked. Nice. There was a, you got to learn to speak Boston, he's man. Okay. We're going to sit here on you. The whole Fox News that we're going to be knocking on you. Do we know where you are in dear field? Okay, sir. The whole Fox News that we're going to be there. Put on the door. Give me what for. Talk about our Haitian friends like that. Watson, your ass. Go back to Roxbury. Okay. Big good place for you. 26 Alcy at Suffolk Downs, by the way. How's that he can do it? An Alex Winger? Well, I tell you that Alex Winger would impink silk's man. He was great. You know what he used to say? It's time to get it on. 26 Pass Noon at 5.60 WQM. I'll tell you that's what Jeff Kona always says. And believe me, when he says it, he means it. He is just a wild man. And I'll tell you about it comes to great food. He knows what it's all about. That's why he keeps buying a bigger and bigger house. Pretty silly is going to be like an a five minute dollar mansion. Just because we're making him so much money. Two pizza loss for you now. The original Broward location is on University Drive. Between Griffin Road and 595. Right beyond Pairwin imports. Right kitty quarter that New Armandola Cafe. Just Zidians and Zidians are free park and spots there for you. And delicious fresh goodies. Audit Reted in favorites. Three different kinds of great pizza. The best garlic rolls ever in a history man kind. Teeny, tiny prices and huge portions. They actually they give you too much food. So you probably wind up with the doggy bag or sneak somebody in with him. And have a sneak rimmer in with a hilly whatever you got left over. And don't forget the a number there for take out delivery and the catering is 954 9168880 9504 9168880. And don't forget also the new location. How could you? On a quarter sunrise in the abhill right behind wall greens where my friend Marcie is waiting right now for another free meal. And the number there for take out delivery at 799 5438 299 3A 299 And the plantation location I can guarantee from personal experience the same delicious great food the same huge portions and the same teeny tiny prices. So take the whole gang over there for a super meal at the world famous pizza loft 2 locations for in Broward now. My and local here sports video 560 suing sui. sui yeah. David's the bitch. Hey, Heather I think like this once we'd heard. Don't lie. All the hard burn. Don't go. Every time I see. Don't go. Every time I see. Don't go. Every time I see. Every time I see. Don't go. Now TV. Here's President come. Repolicate muscle. And in our kingdom it is easier. I don't know why. They won't want to die but no easier. First group of the four years. With President thumbs. You know what I get to. You know what I get to. You know what's more. And get to we all hold it more. You know what I get to. If you want this. Don't go. Lift, strumming, stupid beat. Don't go. And this wrong and rich kid. Don't go. Don't go. Easy, then. Lover than me. Here's President come. You don't care what it's done. You got him in by a firm cloth. The Christian. Oh, it's not the best. You and I will help the fear. We've got a great leader here. With President thumbs. That's this for you. Heather, I'm sure there are group of people that are really upset about that too. Tough to me. Call 33 at 5.60. WQM. Here's a facts from a guy who says Mark. He says if you're going to play the call again, don't play it at the same time. And it originally occurred. Play it later. So people will come on and listen later. Can you read better yet? Play it now. Okay. Well, what do you say? We'll play between what? We'll play whatever you want. Okay. We'll play whatever you feel like it. I will play it over and over and over again because Heather was just sensational. What's it all? Every hour on the hour and then like several times in between also. Well, the reason I just played that is because Gary had a good point. He said shouldn't that Fox bitch be more upset about the President and Dummer Schmidt bitch? Well, I guess either she has nerd and or it doesn't suit a particular point. She's trying to make about me being a so-called liberal. See, and it's interesting. You're not fooling anybody because that self-hating, and you're selling new cohorts on your make-believe news station. I'll put out a thing in his column saying the same thing. Oh, here's a guy who's supposedly a liberal and look what he's doing. I'm not supposed to do anything. Except an old bag. That's about it. But just before the election mandate, they are desperate. There just certainly must be run out of scared, you know what I'm saying? They must have some inside pulling that says, yeah, don't smell as good as we're pretending. 534 votes on the poll we ask today, which of these words do you think is most defensive? We should ask Heather. I think goodbye might have been one of them. None of the above there just were it 330 322 like I said 62.1% Nigger 140 26% Kike 29 Fag at 17 Stick 9 and Wop 7 Well, maybe we added to have Boca Brian to a song kiss a Wop good morning Huh? What do you think? Nah, not good Kiss a spick good morning that'd be big and little of Anna We're gonna fix for Uncle Neil say and I don't know what they did now. Is this something really dirty no doubt? Eh yeah, oh Okay, thanks fix They say that the header brought get lost out of us the cameo fetus your me this Oh, okay, hello Hello, yes, sir. Yes, uh, I got a state data. I'm black. I'm foreign up and I hate you They said yeah, okay great congratulations and by the way the I and S will be buying about a half an hour 560 pound 560 on a AT and T. There's something wrong with that line. You know set What it cuts off there's no I'll work that which fits right in here with our technical incompetent QA and where everything is all screwed up Especially in this room Poor Humphrey comes in here. I put him on here for a couple of minutes. He's talking in like a dead piece Nice going there guys. Maybe you guys your spirit have only else gonna be related to fix this chair and change these two things So we said again for the second day and we'll he'll do it in between feelings. I want to mention him that that Mike blows Here's more longer Dale. Hello. Hey Neil. How you doing my man? Okay? This guy was a bunch of idiots you got calls sometimes, but how you doing? No long time no time I'm still in okay your birthday's next Tuesday. Yeah Well if you're up for mission. I love to come down and feed you for your birthday What does that mean? I'll bring you a bunch of call boards that platters bring you some Cuban words that sandwiches. How do you really think now? It's richy from boards that we He must get gotten cut off Here's a four-laner Dale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Mocha color nons of making bravo Oh right one of your biggest fans I could keep an perspective as far as Everything that's done like I like the kind of these the right. But I mean I don't like the Just a niggas of morning really, but I'm not a doodle here who since the Dan has to go and bootstep and lock that with everything that you say Yeah, and because they'll be a big fan of you know, you're not a bootleg Negro Exactly, over the years you've given me so much in the same. I'm gonna put on first-charge. I was cracking up a bottle I thought of pin and crimes just in my past your pants, yeah So all these fun not now that we're all getting up in years a little bit We do give us depends at the start of the show every day, so yeah, it helps a lot But we fuck news and Bill O'Rally with his talk I had as you know to get him yeah Yeah All right, man take it easy. Hey, you know, okay, see you 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line It was either right lunch at a very bad time or maybe it was the call from head to the man Don't come in this room for a while you know's how I just tilted a little bit. Oh, I just farted in this chair If I don't I hold you when you go to work on a chair Don't get down like you're nose too close on it. I love you little something for you Condelys I can't stop singing that song like in the shower all the time. I can't stop singing that I think it's got a great to sound to it You think that's funny. Oh, come on. Heather. Are you really are you putting a song just like that crap about you? I want to do a feature by the show about my big ratings in the market You just trying to siphon off of this show is what you're doing I'd be pretty goddamn embarrassed if I was a big goddamn TV star and I had to siphon off some little local local in Miami Who's been on the year in the same stick in space for 100 years in the same little backwater market I'd be pretty embarrassed in of course to have a in the book is pretty embarrassing to build My I was so with you'll go from a spoke coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story We think a good heart and stiff look in the startup They're smooth out stylings were quintessentially 1980s new wave in the other words They suck then and they suck now They were ABC We only named ourselves ABC so that our album would be near the front of the record store alphabetically, you know ABC's lead singer Martin Fry the only people ahead of us and record bins in the eighties were aha and Abba I mean if you want to get to Adamant arrow smith or even f*** air supply You had to go through our sman you know a B C stands for anything but creative the band's a strange manager jet stools Though shiny suit wherein we in lesbian style haircut cases really got my nerves They even wrote being nearly because it began with a B and would get them near the front again It wasn't long before stools was constantly coming up with nasty ways to use the bands acronym Martin Fry remembers Yes, first there was always bloody crappy Then absolutely boring crittings and finally simply Tell bastard fuck suckers desperate for another way to exhibit his immense lack of creativity Fry now uses the band song How to be a millionaire in a series of signalling upbeat investment seminars. I'm here to show how you two can charge $300 for a seminar that will teach people how to charge $300 for a seminar about becoming a millionaire ABC don't beat him they were famous for a little while and that's more than your sorry I'll ever be able to say It's a big juicy stopping went look at show business tonight on inside the behind 44.56 to the mad drug will be a long one hike in three be no cook with a hundred five Sterling Hayden McCluskey John Cazell Frito Michael Grotto Pen Fratia got I got the Sidalala a Sidalala Michael Gatso Cato Frankie Pintangeli virtue cast a lot of Clemens a I love Clemens a who didn't like Clemens a especially if you're fat you like fat Clemens a least Rossburg highman Roth. This is the business we have chosen Lenny Montana look of a razi Richard County Barzini Richard County was a great actor, by the way He's dead Rudy Bond don't tell you Kunio or Yakuo Kunio or Storachi they're all dead Face a mowgrain they're all dead face Spain. This is raw. I remember that she was there kept it a rough thing in the football game He kept turning the sound up real out so nobody get here what they were saying. Oh, you got that so loud You're gonna go death here. Here's a tray Bill Bowers here middle of the set of committee. He was good. El Lateri Salotso Virgil Salotso Time Rosquie Rocco. Yeah, let me I'll worry about Luca Let's see Lenny the bull Montana played Luca Brotsie died 1992 he was an actor for more professional wrestler That I'm a heart attack can imagine why Little bit heavy Others who have died connected with the movies Mario Puso author and screenwriter of course Carmine Copola composer The little it was good though. He did great music. I mean was not like Maria Copola. Oh, Sophia whatever any much Nina Rota composer wrote the godfather music Lorenzo Almeida guitarist and Troy Donahue Oh, that's right Troy Donahue. That was another terrible actor in godfather 3 He played the hoodality play somebody's husband It was awful played world Johnson died in last year a heart attack. I didn't know that Try Donahue died, but he was highly overrated as far as he looked couldn't sing worth a crap Who would he played somebody's husband there Troy Donahue and godfather 3 come on get with it I've only seen very little badfather 3 And why is that? And why is that just because George Hamilton sucked in it and also a couple of other people didn't belong And we'll be like Sophia Copola with her big snows I've heard a lot of people say that I mean the first two are so great. I don't know Okay, so I don't know what you want to see the part about with the popgits the the least cup of tea Well, maybe I got to see it that here's a lady in Florida, no hello Hello, I'm calling about the pregnant pig and then that Did you know about that the pregnant pig amendment? Yes, there's a constitute all the Does it have to do with rosio Donald it may it's actually on the ballot for Tuesday that they're trying to But pregnant pig amendment. Yes, there's a pregnant pig amendment I'm very confused this door this came from Does anyone there know why we're what you do understand rosy does live down here, don't you? And she and her girl pal keep insiniting each other and have it all these babies So maybe that's what it's all about Yeah, well the pregnant pig amendment that I think is to allow the pigs to move around freely while they're pregnant I see well I'm off for that. I'm off for that because I'm happy as a pig and slap myself I Was just wondering if you've heard anything about well, no, but I'm sure this audience will fill us in Oh good, I'm ready to think to find out. Okay, see you. I'm sure it's got it with rosy 560 or maybe mirror him elephant How's my doing mirror him? How's she doing? Our good friend, hurry him up there in priority for you Say hi to good old mama Here's a curl springs, hello Hey, how you doing now pretty good You got a hand it though as a she gave you plenty of talk about the kill plenty of time right? I mean, that she just as I got an idea for your full for one day Maybe you've already done it, but I would give a list of about three or four things that people who went handcats Vino on What you do with the station you started off? Yes, yes You don't have to go any further than the choice number one Well, I know but I would just be interesting. Okay. I turn that thing as quick as I can Yeah And my be no one Bino cook was talking about what a good job. Duffy Dirty's doing coaching Michigan's state who couldn't win a What's he never gonna see they're dick on my phone again? You're not pulling us bell soft as dick our internet connection keeps going out the phone is screwing up You better call up Spirrow a Spirrow Agnew well Canton again There's something dick it around with our phone system here, man. You're not fooling me. They're up there climbing on the pole again Uh-huh See the matter it's Greg here's Kendall. Hello. Yeah, I'll be going pretty good When you agreed to talk this right wing bitch did uh was it under the pretense that it'd be an interview? No, she just called a show. I didn't want it and invited her to call the show She'd been calling everybody their brother trying to get my home phone number so she called in so I put her on hold Did the commercial break and I came back to see what they'll she wanted and come to find out I knew exactly what she wanted just to rub a bunch of crap It's interesting how they break everything down in the parties you know Yeah, it's easy to do it. Oh, you're a liberal. How are you supposed to be a liberal? And you know, no, no, I'm not I'm supposed to be whatever I am. I have opinions of my own One last thing when we go to the vote on Tuesday. Yeah, we should all know that I know on most two pay I'm in the know that's an amendment number 18. I'm gonna know them. Okay. Thank you. Maybe that has something to do with that pregnant pig government I think they're side by each 10 before one we got the mad dog coming up on a clock the hopper is gonna be on a three being oh it Five, you know take a nice rest there have a little dinner and then come back at six to the six to seven hour cuz Hank needs you and then we got the big Seven o'clock who really has no clue and then any K from GA attend and do we ever find out why we got the SP and radio overnight Yeah, well, I heard I'm not sure if it's true Do a mark on vacation tonight What do you mean they're on vacation? That's the word I got from the insightful. They're on vacation They get a vacation Right, how long they've been doing that show about a week Now they they deserve it marked I mean whatever his name is Joe deserves a vacation before getting married out there in Vegas And two bad week and before the 80,000 dollars would cost you out there and be there for the blessed event, you know Hey, I'll tell you you can't afford to go to the lights cuz they're gonna save you a lot of money Delights of West Boca your sugar free low carb Atkins died super store. They got it all all the atkins products at 25% off today tomorrow next circus every day of your life And they got a great new selection of low carb cookies not just in one flavor, but 14 delivered The different different I'm off watering flavors from three different bakers. They are sensational Try the chocolate chocolate chip peanut butter lemon coconut all sugar for your low carb Even stuff I'd like to sample any of their products including bees before you buy them and they also have got that new low carb bread called Sinfully low carb bread just read some of that new Lenovo jam on it and you'll be jamming it and don't forget as your official Actions that retail center the Lysu West Boca like I said sells every atkins brand product at 25% off every day of your life And there's and you hear the reports like that guy in the was it a guy on channel a four news and the thing that it lost 30 pounds in a month And you've knew the same with atkins the Lysu West Boca's got a friendly knowledgeable staff lead you on the path to good health Open 10 go 10 every day right there in the corner blades and 441 in prestigious Voka and you know who lives in boca and I picked the bad data quick sniffing glue I won 877 low carb is the toll free number to call 1-877 low carb or see him on the web If you like it low carb calm the Lysu West Boca your official atkins retail super store My junior Hope Kill you explode Ladies But you seen on the plane Spilling your fingers that have been hosting from Tito's into your toes. Faster piggy-fooned old. Brow to be practice, gusting and pasting your eyes. You make the show different women smile. They like the cows, spilling sassy. Think slowly, bad, so we call sugar mild. Your body cheese smells like the crab bun. Appear and wisdom keep my bite, and past their data. She wants to get into your car. Duster to the dim wide. Onken squeal, onken squeal, onken squeal. Fat lady, live in with your numberless sheep. All the sliver in and start to retrieve the tweeter. Let me take a look. It's most fishy to me. That's enough until it's moist and tasty. I wouldn't be surprised to have their calls back, because you say you're gay and you're picking on porousie. See, there's another point for it. We don't care what the hell she is besides fat abnoxious and disgusting. And we found out that pregnant pigma was all about. Rosie couldn't get the gay adoption thing on a ballot this year, so she said for a second best pregnant pigs around the assier in Florida. Here's a good fact. It says, you'd better stop playing that condolese a bit. We hear in Texas not to mention the folks in Wyoming, Arizona, New Mexico, Utah, Colorado, don't like it. We're with that bitch from New York on this one. After all the constitutes says nothing about free speech, all that says we all get lots of guns, and the police try and see the air of your ways in join us. God bless. Excellent. Here's the information we'd be looking for. Troy Donahue. I didn't realize he died, you know. For a lot of these people just, when you're not even looking, not that I care. Troy Donahue played Connie's boyfriend and Godfather too. Because remember to go to Carlo and Godfather one. What's he in no more? Oh, hi, Clemenza. Remember, oh, fact Clemenza was sitting in a back seat with leaf Garrett. Well, not leaf, you're just a Garrett. That was beautiful. Yeah, you're that's your punishment. You're out of the family. You're going to Vegas. He hands in there. He actually had the plane tickets. He looks at the plane tickets. That's what they I looked about that movie. All those details that they would do. Every last detail at the plane tickets. Chris he didn't look close. That wasn't his name on him. Okay. It was probably Mo Green. Oh, hi Clemenza. 576 votes. Which of these words do you think is the most offensive? And it's all of course coming from that. That big bruhaha, how would a big CD? It'll hold song in a dance and this website and that website. And of course our good friend Heather over there Fox News who needs a brain transplant. Please find her one. Not to mention being a lion, devious bitch that calls up here and tells all kinds of tales. Like to try to give my home number over over my dead body. You're getting my home number, bitch. I'll tell you what. We'll give you my home number after you give out Bill or Riley's home number on a year. And also well so they got on their Sean Hannity and homes and the Sherlock homes and Combs and all those people. And you're still by the way. Well, let's give Heather's phone number on a year too. So she can talk to some of her good friends out there for a really upset. 576 votes on which word do you think is the most offensive? None of the above there just words 365 63.3% just words forget about it. Nigger 143 said that's the most offensive of the mall and of the other ones it was by far. Kike 30. You hear it? Oh, we didn't put macky bastard on there where there are lot of ones we left out. Like moly. Spook. Fag at 18. Spick. Which is a look how much spook. You know what's how some words go together like spow inch row and spick in spook. Right? Spick in spanned spick in spook. That'll ring to it. Spick's a 10 and walk 10. Didn't put greasers on there or digos. So that's pretty much going to do it for us. We will replay that thing tomorrow like 20 or 30 times and then we'll have been along for a little while. And then about what's wrong with that. And then we'll have the Michigan State coach's upheaval already. So what he hates of Ohio State? Well, all on here together with B-no. And reminisce about last week's game. Bye bye bye! See you in the weather show on 560. You can wear my uniform on your head. Oh!