Woah! Haah! The Neil Roger show! Un573 kills you to a yeah. It's快er! You burst it. Hey Doom! As nuevo Machube! Oh Why Why! Oh Like Hey Yeah! Why Do people say Gun enemies? Why Do people say register? A swimming guy like Ding and Ding Why did they think I'm gay? Yeah Who are they talking? But no one knows If I really get the holes Why did they think I'm gay? Yeah Who are they? Almost suddenly handsome guy I'm drunk most afternoons It's not of your business why I like your tunes all the rumors make me sick She's great People think I drive a stoop Why did they think I'm gay? Yeah Hell, me past the word on This dude has no well-done job Why did they think I'm gay? Guys who look, kill, they can't cope They're afraid to drive the stoop Why did they think I'm gay? I have one bit family I'm a man-ling man Last I checked it, made a sin To be a lie, so spell, tell me why Why did they think I'm gay? Why Do they think I'm gay? I just bought I know 2 at 5.60 WQM, but a soccer crap just goes on forever I don't know That's a lot of crap You don't know what you're gonna get This is me as I'm watching like a little bits and pieces here in Espanol The announcer's screaming in his stowker And then you turn over and hear the beautiful I'm just getting a little bit of that out of my hand Oh, he's got a totally different event The constipated grip I hope I saw it coming in the blue In fact, in the few minutes he's being on The thing is not a giri And you know the interesting thing of it is For me at least no matter which one I'm listening to You need an interpreter Anyway, George yesterday took another one of his goddamn sex pools Are you ever gonna quit this crap? Oh, but what? Just for your mom, especially for her Well, you are really stupid Man, never get the message Yeah, just for mom who thinks the George is a real pervert If she had any idea how little he was getting Anyway, girls who like getting Laptances from other girls are And of course this is a ridiculous result on this pool And of course to show you the double standards If I said that if we did a similar pool about guys We discussed that And what do we got to you and say? That yeah, it's horrible that would be gay Unless of course it's a sports thing If guys you know, put that each other on a butt That it's okay if it's a sports thing Girls who like getting Laptances from other girls are Just having fun, 2702 people out of almost 700 said that 39% they're just having fun girls just want to have fun Like Randy for example, remember that Like a certain tap I'm sure you do Of course, what was she doing over there in that place I don't know what's like the doll house I don't know what it's like you yeah, the doll house By curious 186 By sexual 134 Now that by curious thing I don't believe in that But I put it on there anyway just because a lot of people say it Yeah, that's just a cop out By curious 186 by sexual 134 and less beans 104 That's what I voted for Girls who get Laptances from other girls are less beans dikes I wrote bisexual Dikes I rest my case trust me Now let me give our poll question day only for iris benefit because it's going to take a couple of minutes before I get to the story about that inspired this poll today About our G-Rinals getting fine because God I got a pile of stuff today man I got heavy piles here Son of Shinin going to be 70 today 80's over the weekend. It's beautiful in Toronto. A No rain. None of that tremendous humidity Air Canada got us here like 20 minutes early. Nice going air a house by friend Helen doing And all my other good piezons at her Canada boy. They just love me. They are all you know I feel bad about something you want to know why why because I'm sitting there at my a waiting for the plane in the waiting area that you get And I don't know there were a bunch of women middle age women who like were quite a ways away and they were like waving And I look behind me. Have you ever had that happen when somebody waves they have died? No idea who they are and you don't want to wave back because it's embarrassing if they're waving at somebody else Right and you don't know them and so I just sat there and I left behind me. There was nobody behind me And then once I got on a plane there in business class and a couple of ladies came on and they won't know me and then another one later Be it came back up front to ask some sort of question from the steward and she also was a big fan But they weren't the same ones that were waving In fact the ones that were waving I noticed is they came on a plane and walked by me. They gave me kind of like a dirty look Now that was probably just paranoia But that's so if I if I offend anybody else not that I don't respond. It's like people will say to me. Oh, I passed on to the turnpike yesterday and you totally ignored me Uh sometimes you're not paying attention You're what I'm saying? I know what you're saying you're like trying off that aura like I'm some kind of a stuck up old fart I mean when you look like this and you're a fat and grotesque and balding you're not going to be who the hell am I? Anyway, here's our poll question today Eric What do you smoke? What do you smoke? That a very simple question. Yeah, I like it cigarettes cigars Pot cigarettes in pot cigars in pot used to smoke cigarettes but quit used to smoke pot but quit Use the smoke cigars but quit or don't smoke anything what about pipes? Now we're not this isn't for pipes. Okay, forget about the pipes nobody smokes of pipe. I smoke a pipe. Yeah, you do you late pipe is what you're thinking about not smoking pipe You smoke oh yeah, now we're not talking about crack either, okay? No, I don't want to get that. I don't want to get that. Hot the crap. It's what's in it that counts What do you smoke cigarettes? I'm not putting crack because I could put crack on air Like I've told you before and I really mean this. I try to out to be a judgmental person, but in this case I'll make an exception The crack crowd makes me sick God are they annoying Well, can you hear that pigeon out there on my patio? No? No. Not see people think pigeons are annoying because they like crap all over the place which is true But they also make those very annoying sounds. You know the ones I'm talking about those kind of like kuchi kuchi A cool thing said. Yeah, and I got one out there. I wish I had a BB gun like Ted Williams. I'll tell you that right now. I'd open up that window and do a little number there I'll see your bad. You're not an animal lover. No, I don't like pigeons In fact, I'm not that big on birds to begin with. Oh, I have seen it. What do you smoke cigarettes cigars pot cigarettes and pot now is it true that most people smoke a pot also smoke cigarettes? No, it's not I don't know for example The hippies are militant anti cigarette people ironically What hippies? You know the stereotype. Oh, you mean like Tommy real granola sandal wearing Like Tommy Tommy's not a hippie He sure is how looks like one and he smokes and a hippie too. No, no He's a stupid anyway. Sorry Tommy by the way Tommy did a great job. I'm putting something together for me. Thank you Tommy the best What do you smoke cigarettes cigars pot cigarettes and pot cigars and pot cigars and pot? Which I would think well, I would be for our golds. They for example when he gets out Use the smoke cigarettes but quit use the smoke pop but quit use the smoke cigars but quit or don't smoke anything Which it's you know a free country unless you could cut so I think if you know smoking they were not gonna be judged Mineral about that not like you have to feel left out speak in a big fat tub a crap like Like all the way I think even fat or more disgusting is Oprah's ice cream club next and asked in the hero today Haven't read about this or is this from yesterday ever about this days ago, but I finally made it to South Florida When Oprah went free recommends a book. It's almost guaranteed to become a best seller So it follows that when she screams for ice cream America listens and you know I'm not gonna impress by this Here I am with one little radio show on one little horse ball radio station in in Miami with a bad you know with a crappy AM signal and look at the response we've had over the years and the different things that like a big old bites And a Ben and Jerry's fish food Boca burgers Boca burgers snap all the different things that I've really put on the map that just about sold out Boca burgers is a good example of that And here she's on national TV with her billion dollar personal a wealth that disgusting bitch Let Oprah went free and after Oprah announced that her talk show last week that graders ice cream is the best ice cream I've ever tasted Mayboarder sales went through the roof by Monday the Cincinnati based company which has stores in Ohio and Kentucky And which I never heard of in my life says that we see more than 700 orders that don't sound all that overwhelming to me. No, not really Maybe they were big orders Normally the company might have received 75 during that period executive of ice president rich Grader said this is the kind of mail order business we used to get during the holidays or when that's that bitch on TV opens up a big mouth Oprah first hated graders ice cream last year when a friend gave her a gift pack for Christmas GR GR A E T E R I never heard of it in my life And you know something based on her taste in books and everything else it probably blows I Would say that Ben and Jerry's is the best ice cream although the gelato and Germany I would say is the best ice cream although I would also say nestle's turtle is right in the run-in-two Huh? You got a little pretty far to have bad ice cream now bad ice cream is like you know hog and does pretty weak watery very watery What's another bad idea and eat these? I feel bad same that because that guy is such a nice guy that always gives me those coupons for the free 20 gallon tubs of E D's and I'll come eat these doesn't come like in pints like normal ice cream I guess they figured because the first time somebody buys it they're never gonna buy it again So if they're gonna try it they're gonna no search that they're gonna force me to buy that big gigantic 10 gallon tub that it comes in like I like a goddamn waist basket And that's probably where it'll end up anyway E D's is very very weak, but there are too many really bad ice games are there Well, I'm not a big ice cream person anyway carvel carvel's week dairy queen That's not ice cream see I'm not I'm not into this thing people had eat soft serve and think that they're eating ice cream I mean if you like that that's fine soft serve vanilla. Oh, man That is strictly for goyum. Although I noticed the carvel is almost they buy juice. Why is that to think? Why is that that's their business? What do you mean by that? Well, that was a calm carvel wasn't Jewish Maybe he just liked them. Oh, I don't think he was he's dead anyway Schwab and oh, it's you better do the break and then we got to think about a very jackass's calm a lot of stuff today, baby. We got a pile of crap here today Still England one Argentine and Nill. Oh, don't you love the way they say that when they want to have a squirlest tie They'll say oh and the final was Nill Nill哈哈 soccer sucks baby make no mistake about it. Hey, father's days coming make Dancefield special by getting them a comfortable new parish Pathatic shoes from our good friends in New Balance stores with locations in Prime Crushed Anventure and Book ofricone where they've got some fantastic prices for the whole family on the world's best athletic shoes Thanks again if I could friends new balance for this latest pair of walking shoes the ones with the velco straps These are the most comfortable the best for my feet my field and my feet are now once again the best part of my body from the ankles down Right now till 5 days by any new balance shoe and get a free cushion support in solo $30 value. I love these new balance shoes that I've been wearing for 7 years now and they're great for all I'm walking around I do and not falling down an Amsterdam. So if you need shoes get them out at new balance stores where the staff knows footwear like nobody else and they still measure it the old passion way, the length and the width and your foot too. New balance stores three locations in my waist pine crest, they're on the second floor of the heaven sure mall and in bulk at the town center or check them out at newbalance Miami.com. Don't forget until Father's Day by any new balance shoe and get a free cushion support in solo $30 value and be sure and tell me that Neil sent you in but hurry me because this offer expires. I think probably Uncle Sam is tracing it because he wants you. Wow man gets rebuff from CBS CBS and I mentioned this on a day when a market is just oh man. Those futures if there are any indication of what's going to happen on Wall Street today boy I just hide under the bed. I would pull a tiny and hide under the bed because it is looking really nasty man. The futures are down over 100 the NASDAQ futures are down over 50. I hate to break the news also to you but I don't think that the tech stocks have ever come back. I think a lot of these companies are going under including many of them. Nobody ever thought Michael wondered like palm is like a dollar stock now. Yep and Intel because they had a bad number yesterday or a bad outlook Intel's taking a down 4.5 bucks it's going to be like under 20 bucks pretty soon. And some micro systems that you and I were screaming about what a great value was like at 78 and then it went zoomed up to 120 or whatever. It's a $6 stock now. Wow. I know you watch a lot of these companies that they were touting is being so great including like Oracle and I mean I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not them don't give me wrong I don't want you by sound stock based on my ramblings here but I just you know have to be a rocket scientist to figure out that this was all part of a big scam. Anyway CBS won't show a Charles Schwamp TV commercial drawing a sleazy picture of Wall Street stockbroke bridges at a time the industry is fending off charges of abusive sales practices and of course that is the commercial which other TV how about shithrax how's that doing ain't by got any shithricks no I was sold a pile of shithricks at least part of that the commercial which other TV networks are airing they do be airing it features an executive urging brokers an unidentified firm to tell customers that a stock is red hot even though the fundamental stink after promising to be word whoever sells the most stock the executive encourages the brokers to put some lipstick on this pig. Oh man put some lipstick on his pig. Yeah in fact that was the last thing. Roooooooh said before that the building I think he was talking about screw in. The derogatory language echoes descriptions used by marilinch analyst and email discussions there's she looked a little bit better this time by the way screw in. Yeah when I was there in April boy she looked like hell on wheels I'm serious she looked like she had just been wow like she had done a what's her name Susan Day you know beaten and bloodied and bruise she looked battered but this time she looked damn you know for her fairly human for her. The derogatory language echoes descriptions used by marilinch analyst and email discussions of stocks recommended as good investments to the firm's customers after the emails were obtained by New York State Attorney General Elliott Spitzer, marilinch last month paid $100 million to sell allegations that are recommended trouble stocks to win lucrative investment banking fees. San Francisco based Schwab said the commercial part of an ad campaign launched May 16 wasn't spurred by early April revelations of the marilinch emails. It was not inspired by any particular firm, Schwab spoke of in climate matters and said it was inspired by the generally reported and documented practices of all street brokerages. Several KBA cable TV never said including CNBC CNN and Bravo of shown the commercial CBS rejected the end was scheduled to debut on NBC last night during ER. Some analysts said they suspect CBS's refusal to air the Yishwab ad has to do with the network's finances. Marilinch does more business with CBS than Schwab. A fact of that probably led the network to think like an investment bank they went with the one paying them the most money. How do you like that huh not that people are influenced by who's mirror in air at hand or whatever but they are that's what it's all about. Oh boy those futures would man oh I don't like getting anybody in a bad mood it's Friday it's going to be a great weekend we got that big fight tomorrow that none of us are going to I hope the girls not going to be watching that. No thank God. I said none of us real quick because I know Georgian could have wasted his time watching it and I sure is hell won't. What about those red wings by the way huh. Oh Carolina give him a good scare boy they got down to like a little over five minutes left and the third period tied at one. Arters Urbe played phenomenal again and just when you thought maybe another overtime I guarantee a Scotty Bowman was crap at an 40 year old suit there probably soiled to self a couple of times but luckily they got that power play in federal offscore the first one and then they came back and draper scored real quick to get another one and three one Detroit wins and it's a damn good thing for them they did the same band cover their play in this time out to Carolina highly underrated pretty damn good team. So anyway Barry Jackass writes in this morning's Harold this has got to be mistaken that Jesus Christ dolphins David bump by Albert on M and F radio CBS radio Westwood one decided not to renew Howard David's contract and will replace him with Mark Albert on Monday night football NFL playoff games and the Super Bowl industry sources said yesterday quite a very jackass. Of course we all know Barry stupid David that often's new play by play and answer on WQM has worked for Westwood once since 1979 was I surprised of course he said they elected to go in a different direction. Although he enjoyed the national stage David said he's content calling dolphins games and hosting WQM's morning show such as it is. WQM is not expected to retain the CBS radio Westwood one packet because of scheduling conflicts Monday night football might shift to WYNZ940 which might give him like close to a one share but I doubt it. Man I still can't get over those numbers this time. Nice going P.D. Bulger just when you thought they've reached the number that they can't eclipse on the bottom on the low side they still do it. Oh we got the pull up there already what are you smoke and I'm voting cigars not very many might I want to give my all been out of shape. Oh they kill you they're a killer cigars are killer. That's all I smoke. Pot. How many times did you vote on his George once when I voted for cigars in Pot? Oh. Pot's got five already. I used to smoke cigarettes but quit three don't smoke anything too. cigars appear it cigars and pot too. Use the smoke pot but quit too. And probably couldn't afford anymore. Now how the prices on the streets like sky high now are they low. No it's same as always. No. Kind of like the coffee shops and Amsterdam. No I don't think so. No that's about half the price of here. cigarettes and pot one. And that's a good start on there. And now let me get to the story that inspired to pull. Oh and what did I do that just Schmidt can it's not wait. Uh oh. No no the reason being there's another thing later on in Paris column here it is on the floors unfolded. Joe's a gackie who calls UM's baseball super regional on radio this week in a still awaiting word on WQMs twice to replace Mark Vandermeir who left the for the NFL Seust in Texans QAM needs to complete a contract with UM before the new announcer is determined. I didn't see I can't keep track of all this sportscraft. Which just like IOD there's just this enormous amount of energy and although there's a difference it's supposed to be a sports station. But it's just a tremendous amount of time and energy devoted all at sports garbage which when you come right down a bit very few people are listening to because all of those events that we carry on QAM just like when they were an IOD. There are for free on live TV almost every one of them. Once in a while I might be a hurricane game. I don't know. Is that possible Miguel's ever hurricane game? It's not on TV local. Yeah a lot a lot of times. Get out of here. They don't have a time. Well, well like I said, but they still look at a number even when they aren't on TV. So Miguel tells me before they showed they scandal his story about the fact that there's a rumor that the marlins are looking to play in the orange bull now and that they've planted the seeds and there's a discussion going on behind closed doors about that about playing in the orange bull. I mean Are they crazy or what Jesus Christ? Yeah, that's what I'm thinking The orange bull, one location that is the place that nobody wants to go to Not to mention of course the fact that it's not a baseball place anyway. You can't play baseball any orange bull, but just out of desperation. You know what? Let them do whatever they want. Just as long as they don't suck out any more tax money from the public. Let them play with themselves. Let them play wherever they want. I don't care Reynolds tobacco find $20 million for targeting teens as USA today a Judge find RG Reynolds tobacco $20 million yesterday willing that the maker of Winston the camel cigarettes Violated terms of the 1998 tobacco settlement by running magazine ads aimed at teenagers The California Attorney General's office had two donations number two tobacco company last year asking that it be punished by the way If you're thinking about the calling yesterday, don't do a fax as if you want because I took calls those three days. I was done there and boy Wow, I can still smell the aroma You know someday you know when you at least expect it will punch up a few again, but that that was pretty weak when you agree with me Absolutely nothing like that How do you do yesterday? Oh, it was brutal. Was it really? Yeah. Why is that? Because of them? See money enthused it wasn't too bad and then by the time we got to Wednesday the well had run dry In other words, they were out of material already and and the word had gotten out. Oh, I see that's right I forgot about that so those people that we finally unloaded the ones who don't want to hear me reading into one learn what's going on in the world those Assels those heavy mouthbrothers. They all came back So we're not taking no calls today. I got too much stuff here The $26 billion settlement between the industry in 46 states does not specifically mention magazine advertising But bars tobacco companies from taking any action directly or indirectly to target youth Superior court judge Ronald Prager found Reynolds violated that agreement by advertising in magazines like Spin vibe hot rod and rolling stone Reynolds reached teams is often was more often than adults the judge said He said Reynolds sought self losing market share to whether companies and fought back with a more aggressive ad campaign Even though the likely effect of these efforts was to cause significant exposure to youth It was there should have been apparent to these skillful and bright people who managed RGR's multimillion dollar Subisticated print advertising campaign that youth were exposed to tobacco ads at level substantially similar targeted adults Mokers the audio de audio de audio the attorney general's office had asked the judge to find rules 25 million dollars and The bandits advertising from 50 magazine often read by teens the judge didn't go so far as the band advertising And specific magazines that ordered Reynolds to take reasonable measures to reduce its reach to teen ages Quit try to get those teenagers to smoke Winston although Winston does taste good like a cigarette should And I'd walk a million miles for a camel And of course if you smoke new ports you'll be like walking the hand in hand with some hot number out there in the abode Is that is that the new port or is it Salem I got all the seven at five 60 that we don't have time to discuss that now because we got a lot of getting behind already and Time to talk about Charles Alphayiri and how you can get a great looking at a here people are where wigs most of them look like crap Okay, most of them look ridiculous and you can tell it's not the real thing That's what separates the amen from the Graham a Charles Alphayiri studios because Charlie's got the only natural look in System in the world. That's why calls it natural hairline system because it looks like the hair is grown right on your scalp Not anybody in the world, but even though it's not the real thing So if you want to have people laugh and at you why you're trying to make yourself look a little bit more human go right ahead They're like join the company a lot of people doing that But if you want to look sensational better when younger than you have in a coon zade call my good buddy Charles Alphayiri He's been doing it for the wealthy and then also wealthy for over 25 years a very affordable system to by the way Which you can save an extra 200 bucks off if you mention he arranges when you call toll free 1 800 321 2413 1 800 321 2413 We've been talking about these folks for over 20 years now and boy you can't even begin to imagine how many guys out there have improved their looks Maybe we've got late once or twice that 20 years because it's Charles Alphayiri You can log under their website if you like Charles Alphayiri.com a better yet give them a call They'll set up a free consultation in those show you just how much better and younger you can make yourself look So say goodbye to your bald spot forever call Chuck Alphayiri toll free 1 800 3 5 60 They're smoking it out in the Everglades you won't be waking up to Brian Gumble anymore What is he gonna do next and how does his beautiful fiancee? Hey, feel about his cock tonight he gives us his exclusive private story Brian why did you lead the money show? I told CBS Then that this was it this was done CBS One of the things that may have heard Gumble's popularity especially with women was his highly public Bit of divorce from his wife of 27 years June in fact Brian Gumble has found a new woman to share his life with not long after Separated from your wife you began appearing in public with a new woman Very Clinton yes, let's meet you I'm delighted to be here and CBS So the big question did Hillary they got that marriage. Yeah, well sure about no people say I say why not why not Balled from one end to the other I'm 32 at five 60 W Q a m DD Ramone found that there's a word in Edvid by the way, which I had a little trouble making that out But it's not really what you think it is okay. I listen to what 85 times it just it's not really anywhere I stay that one for you you can assume whatever. How do you want with soon? Look at that pot's leading the way. I don't smoke anything isn't second place 14 people already say they smoke pot Better call up god damn john asked croft and tell me get his act together down there DD Ramone found dead bad news. I'm sorry DD Ramone bases in one of the founding members of the seminal punk band that Ramones was found dead in his Hollywood home the LA Carcorners office said yesterday he was fitting Ramones death apparently was the result of an accidental drug overdose of Katie Elliott a spokesman for woman of Ramones manager Drug paraphernal including a syringe reportedly were found in the kitchen in the home Elliott said it is not know what kind of drug was involved The AP reported the bases was found dead Wednesday night by his wife Barbara Opsi results are expected in the LA County's coroners office today the pioneering punk band was inducted in the rock and will haul a familiar this year DD Ramone was one of three surviving original members lead singer Joey Ramone born Jeffrey Hyman Jeffrey Hyman died in April 2001 of lymphoma did you know that no to not Jeffrey Hyman does it sound like like Bobby Hyman Like buster Hyman The other original members are Tommy Erddelly What who took the name time or moan was also the group's manager and John Cummings who took the name Johnny Ramone But I can't stand those people with fake names, you know what? DD Ramone left a band in 1989 was replaced by Christopher J Ward aka C. J Ramone Founded in Queens in 1974 the Ramones Center took a presidency in New York club CBGB playing dozens of shows before they were signed the group has credited with bringing a wider audience to the New York downtown Music scene of late 70s which inspired by bands of putting the New York dozens to judges Who do include bands including Blondie the petty Smith group Richard hell and the avoidoids television and talking heads Well guess what? DD Ramone is dead. We're very sorry to report that Bad news on a market speaking of bad news. I don't want to get the two involved in this very week as well. Oh Man look at that the things only been open for four minutes. Are you looking at on our 77 sure the NASDAQs already down 56 and a half points and that was down 132 and it just opened It's in free fall. It's a freaking bloodbath Oh in just a minute by the way, you know the article in Newsweek that everybody's talking about by Michael This is called the one that's about the high jackers and how we let them get off the hook. Yeah I'm gonna read the whole thing and it's it's not that long. It's fairly lengthy, but it's uh because most people don't read news We cry No, I'd say that maybe maybe three people in the Saudi is ready the article and it's well Because requiring minds want to know we have a right to know what they'll kind of aneptitude is really going on up there Here's the big story today. Well, I think there are two big stories But one is really from yesterday when I was not I was in transit And that's about that 89 year old old cocker that uh and it would is Cadillac That stepped on the accelerator instead of the break not again. You didn't see that story no And a Harold and it's inimitable aneptitude They had a little blurb on it yesterday's paper and I don't know why I was so incomplete because the story I saw on the news Wednesday night was more complete than the yesterday's hero and then today There's no follow-up not that I saw so if anybody's got more in that story about the 89 year old guy That got confused and his jook-hulu there and stepped on the Celebrator instead of the break and ran into a whole bunch of people and killed it for your old little boy Didn't see that? No, I didn't how could you miss that and this guy's had other Harold several other episodes And that's the state of Florida for you. That's one of the main things that's wrong as a matter of fact During the three days that I was there. Did I mention this on the year or not? I don't think so But not only is the driving worse than ever, but now instead of the usual crappy driving it's it's much much slower than ever before Maybe it's the insufferable heat and humidity even though it's early June, but I'm gonna tell you something there slow as molasses When you people get the goddamn let out when you go to the Joe Custello School of Driving for Christics and give it a little bit of gas or Christ Man are you people slow you get on the turnpiker five ninety five in or like and I'm not talking about out of state people It's June already there's nobody from out of state maybe maybe we got six people from out of state who got lost and wound up in South Florida But boy you and all cops you know whatever radar are sitting there with air every you know money raising an efforts Speed kills if it's like wild hysterical irresponsible speed, but generally speaking most accidents are caused by people going away to slow And man are you people going slow? Hey sports fans joins you mad dog man. It's for live broadcast today. It hooters and pepper pines on pines Boulevard And University drive one or three this afternoon the Q and prize patrol be there with our usual crappy giveaways And you can register when dinner for two with Florida Marlon's out feel Kevin Miller when you like to go have dinner with Kevin Miller You'd like to go have dinner with anybody for us for free. Who's a good place. Yeah sure. Of course being ever said it was a good place How to have no idea well, maybe it's at Hooters. I don't know But here's the really big story of the day from the Sun Sentinel there's always one that stands out heads and shoulders above all the others Toothbrush bandits strikes Tamarack Walgreens Oh, we will be talking to Dave Johnson later. I'm assuming since we got the bell mat tomorrow Tamarack Broward deputies yesterday. We're hunting for a high end toothbrush beef suspected of targeting Walgreens drug stores Oh, look out Marcy Surveillance cameras at the 80-801 West commercial bull of our Walgreens drugstore. I know exactly where that is don't you? Yes, I do Recorded the suspect on May 21 placing items in a small shopping basket then quickly carrying the basket of the store's front door security checkpoint He returned the next day this time employees said he escaped with three or old B and two son of care electrical toothbrushes Valued at $500 the high jeans instrument retails a price range from 80 to 100 bucks Vs oh Detective said they believe the same man's responsible for shoplifting and other Walgreens stores in the Tamarack area Anyone with information should call detective Patricia Fernand is a call Broward crime stoppers at 493 tips. How do you like that? We got the poop brush. Maybe he just wants to keep his teeth clean Maybe he knows about a lot of brits. He'd like to give him like a little hint I don't think there's any hope in their case The toothbrush thief and the amazing thing is he sneaked out to door with these things and evidently the alarm never went off You know how they have to put the thing over the you have to smear the scanner thing and Yet how come about half of the time I walk out of Walgreens or records the guy damn buzzer goes off and I haven't been stealing nothing because I don't know no I'm not even any Mitch writer what because of that metal plate you got in your head. Oh, that could be it No seriously, I have to the time I walk out of the business and the bells are ringing you know All the days I spend any attention I should point out, but I always do walk back in and the kid has to check out especially if he's cute You know I'll go back and say, hey, I don't got nothing and I'll say yeah, I can see that Do you let it back 20 till 10 at 560 Start playing a service of sports when you find six Like Ray Yoda Like Phk My yoke, but your face is a road map and you still look like grass, but that will change in a little while. I'm 45 and 560 WCM, just take it to myself, Leslie Neals and Mike Myers and Ann Murray. What they all have in common, Canadian, all Canadian, which goes to show nothing's perfect, 2 out of 38 bad, and Murray, boy, he's, I mean, she's really something. I got a whole bunch of kids. So our poll question on the arangers.com that a what do you smoke? I don't smoke anything is tied with pot 21. That's good. Smoke and kills man's bad for you. Light one up for me. SIGARETS ANPOT 12, I used the smoke cigarettes but quit 12, SIGARETS 10, SIGARETS and POT 9, I used the smoke pot but quit 4, cigarettes 3, and I used the smoke cigarettes but quit 1. Out of 93 we only got 3 people of smoke cigarettes. Now cigarettes and pot we got 12, but even so 15, that's amazing to me, and that's shocking to you. Only 3 people of smoke cigarettes, Faggot's Winston tastes good like a cigarette should. I'd walk a minion mouse for a camel. I'd tell you something, I don't care what anybody says, those spots were great, and obviously affected because looking all the people who died from them. Right? Right, that shows you. What's the guy that was on PURRIMATION? What's that was his name? Raymond Burr? No, no, the guy that played the district attorney. I don't know any of the characters. Oh, that's right. It's an detective show. George says he's a detective show. What was he's a child? What was his name? Don't we have a PSA thing on here by Boca-Briom where he's choking in gagging on it. What tells the name of that? He'll call it an attack. He'll call it an attack. No, not Jack Klugman. Was Jack Klugman on PURRIMATION? I have no idea, but we do have a PSA by Jack Klugman. I know that, but Jack Klugman first of all isn't dead. That's number one. Okay. What the hell was his name? I'm a Ravgurity at Boca-Briom will be on a phone before he can say crap. Like I said, where the hell is he? Schmuck. Here's an update on a very important story we had last week. I think we had this story about this football member then. Of course, I've been following it closely. San Francisco, a 13-year-old boy was suspended a sentence yesterday for hitting another boy in the eye with a rubber rapper spitball. Ha ha, holy in America, baby. A 13-year-old boy was sentenced yesterday for hitting another boy in the eye with a rubber rapper spitball. Jeffrey Figerol was sentenced to six days in juvenile hall put on probation in order to contribute 150 hours of community service in an eye bank. He also was ordered not to make any more spitball as a quote with his mother, Evette Figerol. Jeffrey and his parents were also ordered to undergo anger management counseling. His parents must also take period in classes. Are you ready for this? I read it. Jeffrey was facing up to eight years in juvenile hall after being convicted on telemetages of battery and mayhem for hitting a classmate at Walnut Creek Intermediate School with a gum rapper. So, one like years ago when it was okay to throw spitballs and nobody would ever think I'm bringing a gun or a knife or something like that in the school now, you can bring in weapon. I chewed up the place that's okay, but if you throw a spitball and you got real problems. The boy was the boy who was hit had to have surgery after this September incident. Jeffrey's older brother, 14, was convicted on a lesser charge in a separate incident involving the same boy was sentenced to five days in juvenile hall community service in counseling. Contra Costa County prosecutor's called more than 20 neighbors who complained about the boy's behavior. Evette Figerol said the fact that both incidents involved the same boy was a coincidence. She said her son's definitely had a little lesson, but the punishment far exceeded the crime and she is, Beyond the shadow for doubt. I'm not saying my kids are angels. She said the stakes are part of growing up. Are we allowed to make mistakes without being crucified? No, no, we're not because this is America sweetheart. It's America and we don't throw spitballs. Tang and AIDS, that's okay. Guns of every shape size and description, that's okay. Says the NRA. But we don't have any organization to defend people throw spitballs. Not yet, we don't. Not yet. Hamilton Burger by the way. Hamilton Burger, excellent. And we do have a Hamilton Burger, but that was his name on the show. Lying cancer and pizema, smegma, severia, psoriasis. They can all be attributed to the harmful effects of smoking cigarettes. Hello, I'm William Talbot, perhaps you'll remember, man. Hamilton Burger, Raymond Burzabba said, he on Perry Mason. And now I'm dead. So take it from me. Keep the habit and you won't wind up like I do. Don't smoke and you'll never die. Ever. This message paid for by the Hamilton Band High Smoking Committee for Immortality. Damn it. Hey, everybody go to light. Hey, I'll tell you one thing, even if you don't smoke, you're going to die something. You heard that first right here on his show. Even if you try to protect your lungs, you don't smoke anything. Even if you don't get any second hand smoke, you're still going to die. I'm not here promoting smoking. It's a filthy disgusting habit that this colors your fingers and your tongue and everything and your teeth. Make sure teeth if you want to look British start smoking. See, the brits don't have to smoke to do that. Don't they chew like a lot of tobacco? The brits? Yeah, I have no idea. Oh, yeah, like those lumberjack looking guys, those rugby looking type guys. They do the two and they spit it out and the tobacco too. Polk County Sheriff Sergeant arrested. This is a great story. Did you read the high debt? This is amazing. I'll get to that thing in newsweek, but I think, well, we'll get to it. Well, I'm good and ready. Okay. We got important fish to fry here. Lot of priest stuff again. Winner Haven. News coverage of a fatal car crash witnessed by a Polk County Sheriff Sergeant is led to the officers arrest on unrelated charges. A confidential informant recognized Sergeant Scott Lawson as the officer would offer job to two young men of the condition that he gave them medical exam as officials said. Lawson told the victims he met him through his work in law enforcement that he was a physician's assistant. The physical. The physicals included rectal exam. Let's hear it. Oh, God. Stupid. Lawson never delivered on the jobs and of course was not a physician's assistant official said. Lawson 34 was charged yesterday with five counts of sexual battery and five counts of practicing health care. What have the license? It resigned from the for from the force yesterday. He worked for the department for 11 years. This is over in winter Haven in Polk County. Remember Polk, Salon Annie? Who sang Polk, Salon Annie? Don't know. You have the sound, don't you? Yeah, I've heard it. Was that CCR? Polk, Salon Annie? Very possible. Very like that. Oh, get the book. I got the book right here. I got the book. What was that? Figure over the thing. What do you keep playing that for today? Filler. Before the show, George. For Salon. Polk Salon Annie was by Tony Joe White. If you had a conductor to write that on the exam, I still wouldn't have had any idea that was. I don't know from Tony Joe White. Anyway, the two victims of this cop were described as men who were about 18 to 19. We repeatedly gave exams to the victims over a period of months and arrested reports. I mean, how stupid could they have been, huh? How many times did you have to stick his finger in your ear? For you finally realized that maybe there's something else going on there. That's your regular exam. That's what they call it. I think that visit to my mother's bogus doctor's office there a few days ago. By the way, thanks to my friend Ed for getting me my blood test results. My cholesterol is only 207, which is a little bit high, but not that bad. LDL's 156 that needs to work. But they're not that bad, really. Progressorized for like 96. That's under 100's pretty good, you know? Especially considering all the crap I was eating here for a while and might not anymore of it. No, not too much. A little bit, maybe. Remember that song by the germals a little bit of crap? No. You wouldn't even know the real song, a little bit of the song. So to show. We have parties about it. By the germals. Well, that's a little bit of crap. It's not all bad. The informant called the sheriff's office after Lostomade headlines last week, and he was following a fiddle car crash on Friday. He was following a car with the young man in teenage boy inside. When they were, oh no, this is terrible. This is terrible, man. I'm Friday. He was following a car with a young man in teenage boy inside when their vehicle left the road in the space into pine trees. Miles Gregory White, 16 of Lake Hamilton, was killed. And the driver Adam Lukaj, a Kobe 18 of Dundee Lukah, was injured in the 3M car rash on Lake Hatchenia, he rode. Hatchenia, rode. Lostom reportedly told his superiors he was not chasing the car at the time of the crash, but was trying to check it out because he felt the vehicle was suspicious. Maybe just wanted to get a peek. What was going on in there? It wasn't clear how news coverage of that case prompted the informant to offer the tip on the sex abuse cases. But he did. He offered his tip. Rectom. That is just incredible. How many times? That's a good poll question one day will do. How many times do somebody have to stick their finger in your... Rectom before you start questioning the emotives? 20 or 30? I guess it all depends on what they use a glove or not. I was a little suspicious of that doctor at the end of the day in Hollywood, because if he was doing like a real record, like a prostate exam, generally put a glove on. Miami Herod wins Pulitzer for coverage of Alien Raid. How's sad? The Harold's coverage of Alien Gonzalez, seizure by armed federal agents and the emotional aftermath of the pre-done raider of the newspaper, it's 17th Pulitzer Prize on Monday. What was an accurate? The Harold's entry, saga of Alien Raid in the reunion, one in the breaking news category. How's the fisherman doing as a matter of fact? Now that we were talking about this, gone fishing. A dramatic photo of armed federal agents with weapons drawn facing the terrified boy. And of course we know that's the supposed fisherman in the closet with little boy. One of Pulitzer Prize for breaking news photography, for Alan Diaz and AP photographer. How do you like that? Another spick. Alan Diaz. Oh, that's exciting news, huh? Here's some more good news. Oh, I'll save that. Here's a little message, okay? Very short story. Since the counsel's the bishops and all these people are getting together holding their meat next week in Dallas, and having a little bit of a difficult time figure out exactly how to do it. To pacify everybody, take a page out of this story from the Vietnamese. Alright? Han Oye Vietnam, a teacher convicted of raping six elementary school students, has been executed by a firing squad, a quarter-fifial in Vietnam central Highlands said today. The end van Fou 37 was sentenced to death in 1999 for raping six of his students aged 8 and 9 over five days in 1997. He sexually molested another six students at the official side of condition of anonymity. Fou was executed on May 22, the official said. Fou were teacher in Dachlach Province, 220 miles north of Ho Chi Minh City, was arrested after the parents reported him to the police. More and more cases of child rape and sex abuse of a reported Vietnam state controlled press in recent years, rape of a child under 13 is punishable by death, and Vietnam. You know what I say to that? 390, 4 Identity Guard It's Friday, you besting. Fou was executed on May 22, the official said. Fou was executed on May 22, the official said. Fou was executed on May 22, the official said. Fou was executed on May 22, the official said. Fou was executed on May 22, the official said. Fou was executed on May 22, the official said. Fou was executed on May 22, the official said. Fou was executed on May 22, the official said. Fou was executed on May 22, the official said. Fou was executed on May 22, the official said. Fou was executed on May 22, the official said. Fou was executed on May 22, the official said. Fou was executed on May 22, the official said. Fou was executed on May 22, the official said. Fou was executed on May 22, the official said. Fou was executed on May 18, the official said. Fou was executed on May 22, the Ϋ'R 난 i Fou was executed on May 23, the official said. Fou was executed on may 22. Oh Jesus Christ Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go Oh, we're fine. 10 out to a 560 if you turn on channel 77 airman. I have it the gambling channel You notice the key support level. That's one of those terms. I like to use the NASDAQ has sunk through the 1500 barrier And as 1498 is down 55 and a half point the Dow is down 141 point is now below 95 94 88 just on be Lable shocking as and this is based on a couple days of fairly decent unemployment news But the court end in the day before didn't work. I'll give it like a little bit of good news in one way Went but in tell yesterday I've got some bad news and I'm gonna tell you if anything like if somebody farts somewhere in a world I'm not even talking about like some more between Indian Pakistan heaven forbid nuclear war or like even worst Stuff had a Middle East if that's possible or another terrorist attack heaven forbid Although didn't Robert Mueller say it was gonna happen? It's not a matter of this. It's a question of wind and remember what Tommy Thompson sent all cheesehead Who they've stuck him in a broom closet. Oh, yeah, he was an outdoors man. He drank from a creek I'm from a creek. Yeah, probably just had all a creek in his neck I don't know about you, but people who talk like that who say creek and roof Oh man, they just send me into orbit. They sent me right to the old bull I mean I can't stand that he drank from a creek Yeah, he was an outdoors guy. It just not in a just you know don't get all panicky now just an isolated incident And then once we found out it wasn't a remember that press conference they had up there in Palm Beach with a new The health the Department of Health guy. Yeah, who was like his second day on a job. Oh Brother and the I where they've made a few pronouncements in a name ran away I'll take some questions, but what would change your mind? See a and they ran out of there. That's for a sur guy in Palm Beach I don't want to bring back all those bad memories, but the fact of the matter is it's pretty embarrassing England beat Argentina in the world cup one to nil That's a final one to nil So nice going on you bloody brits. You give me the shmits. Here's the story The high jackers. We let escape by Michael Izzakov and Daniel Clayman in the June 10th newsweek front page story This is the one the entire world is talking about that now you notice that they're doing the they're doing a real Tap dance up there and the president comes on last night when now we got another new agency Every week we're gonna have another new agency to try to cover up the deficiencies from the past and the present pathetic But hey, there's still in fact I got a story about the New Orleans brothel. I got if I get to that today, which I doubt maybe Monday And then of course Kevin Richardson of the back speed voice testifying before Congress and Chelsea baby shocker I went out all kinds of stuff tons. I got piles today, man But anyway getting back to this from newsweek and this'll take a little while so bear with me. It's worth paying attention Kowala long for as an easy choice if you're looking to lie low clean and modern with reliable telephones banks and internet service The Malaysian city is a painless flight for most world capitals and Muslim visitors Don't need visas to win or the Islamic country That may explain why Al-Qaeda chose the sprawling with traplists for a secret planning summit in early January 2000 tucked away in a possible urban condominium overlooking a Jack McClosed design golf course Nearly a dozen of Osama Yamama bin Laden's trusted followers posing as tourists plotted future terrorist strikes against the US At the time the men had no idea that they were being closely watched or that the CIA already knew some of their names A few days earlier US intelligence had gotten wind of the kite gathering Special branch may laser security service agreed to follow on photographic suspected terrorists They snap pictures of the men sightseeing and ducking in the cyber cafe to check Arabic websites What happened next to me US counterterrorism officials say maybe the most puzzling and devastating intelligence failure in the critical months before September the 11th A few days after the Kowala limb poor meeting news because learned the seat The CIA tracked one of the terrorists now off Al-Zahami Did I say that right now now off Al-Hazmi as he flew from the meeting to LA Agents discovered that another of the men Khalid Al-Midhar had already obtained a multiple entry visa A lot of them to enter and leave the West as he pleased They later learned that he had in fact arrived in the US on the same flight as Al-Hazmi Yet astonishingly the CIA did nothing with this information Agency officials did not tell the INS which could have turned them away at the border nor did they notify the FBI Which could have covertly tracked them to find out their mission instead During the year in nine months after the CIA identified them as terrorists Al-Hazmi and Al-Midhar lived openly in the US using their real names obtaining drivers licenses opening bank accounts and Enrolling in flight schools until the morning of September the 11th when they walked aboard American Airlines Flight 77 and crashed into the Pentagon Until now the many questions about intelligent shortcomings leading up to the attacks that focused on the FBI's clear failure To connect various vague clues that might have put them on the trail of the terrorists Last week in the aftermath of the Minnesota agent Khalid and Raleigh's scathing letter ripping the FBI for ignoring warnings from the field Director Robert Mueller announced the series of reforms aimed at modernizing the bureau All along the CIA's counterterrorism based camp for the Agents he's wore on Vid Laden was sitting on information That could have led federal agents rights of the terrorist doorstep Al-Midhar and Al-Hazmi Parading across American plane site could have could not have been easier to find Newsweek has learned that when Al-Midhar's visa expired the state department not knowing any better Simply issued a manu one in June 2001 even though by then the CIA had linked him to one of these suspected bombers of the US as cool in October of 2000 The two terrorists frequent meetings with the other September 11 perpetrators could have provided federal agents with a road map to the entire cast of 9-11 hijackers But the FBI didn't know was supposed to be looking for them until three weeks before the strikes when CIA director George Tenet worried that attack was imminent ordered agency analysts review their files It was only then August 23 2001 that the agency sent out an all-points of bulletin launching law enforcement agents on a Frantic and feudal search for the two men Why didn't the CIA sure its information sooner? We could have done it a lot better. That's for sure one top intelligence officer told Newsweek The CIA's belated and reluctant admission now makes it impossible to avoid the question that law enforcement officials have tried to duck for weeks Could we have stopped them? Tenet has vigorously defended his agencies performance in the months before the attacks in February He told a Senate panel he was proud of the CIA's record He insisted that the terrorist strikes were not due to a failure of attention and discipline and focus and consistent effort And the American people needed to understand that yet last week intelligence officials acknowledged that the agency made at least one mistake Tailing to notify the State Department and the IONS of the men could have been stopped at the border CIA officials have who have been preparing for the start of a Senate intelligence committee hearing this week See mental loss to explain how this could have happened The CIA is usually low with the sheer information with other government agencies for fear of compromising sources and methods CIA officials also say at the time all midar and al-Hazmir to the country in January of 2000 They hadn't yet been identified as been law-din terrorist despite their attendance at the Malaysia meeting It wasn't known for sure that they were all kind of bad guy operators is one official CIA officials also point out that the FBI agents assigned the CIA's counterterrorism center were at least informed about the Malaysia meeting and the Prima and the presence of al-Midhar and al-Hazmir at the time and occurred But FBI officials protest that they only recently learned about the most crucial piece of information That the CIA knew al-Hazmir was in the country and that al-Midhar could enter it will That was unforgivable said one senior FBI official This led to a series of intense and angry encounters along among US officials in the weeks after September 11 At one White House meeting last fall weighing Griffith a top state department console or official was so furious That his office hadn't been told about the two men that he blew up at a CIA agent Griffith declined a comment To bolster their case, FBI officials are now prepared a detailed chart showing how agents could have uncovered the terrorist plot If they learned about al-Midhar and al-Hazmir sooner giving their frequent contact with least five of the other hijackers There is no question we could have tied all 19 hijackers together the official said It was an old-fashioned interrogation and eavesdropping that first-legged US intelligence agency into the al-Qaeda plotters And the summer of 1998 only a couple weeks after been allowed an operative truck bomb to US EmBCs in Africa the FBI got a break one of the and Irobi bombers had been caught Mohammed Rashad Dowd al-Hawwawali Whatever it hell is name is a young Saudi from a wealthy family became a fierce bin Laden loyalist was supposed to have killed himself in the blast instead He got out of the truck at the last moment in flood He was arrested in a CD and Irobi hotel waiting for his compatriots to smuggle him out of the country Question by the FBI all O'Hawwawali made a detailed confession among the informed information He gave agents was the telephone number of a al-Qaeda safe house in Yemen And by Yemeni been law and loyalist named afmid al-Hada who turns out to be al-Midhar's father in law US intelligence began listing an on the telephone line of the Yemen house described in government documents as a al-Qaeda logistic center Or terrorist drags including the Africa bombers and later the Kuala tech and Yemen were planned operatives around the world phone al-Hada with information which was then related to been logged in the afghan mountains In late December 1999 Interceptive conversations with the Yemen phone tipped off agents to the January 2000 Kuala Lumpur summit and with the names of at least two of its participants all midar in a hazmi The condo where the immediate workplace was a weekend get away owned by Yazid sufa at a US Educated microbiologist who has become a radical Islamist and midladen follower It was arrested last December when he returned from afghanistan where he had served as a field medic for the Taliban Sufa's lawyer says his clients let the men stay at his place because he believes in law He's property be used for charitable purposes, but he claims Sufa had no idea there were terrorists to be continued momentarily. Can I continue momentarily? Well, it goes on not that much longer, but it's Chilori disturbing, I think, and it's disturbing. Ah, very aggravating Fall minutes after 10 at 560 WQR 10 other things Integrating is shopping for a new mattress and I'll tell you about its aggravating to me that people are doing because they don't know how to do it right Shopping for a new mattress requires one thing a telephone. That's all you have to have make one easy phone call to our good friends It's on a mattress that's all you have to be doing 1-800 mattress. That's all you gotta know is that number because if you want to top quality name brand mattress of your choice If you want to price that's unbeatable every day of your life and if you want delivery service That's phenomenal and of course that 30 day in home comfort guarantee Then all of these things can be made just by one phone call to 1-800 mattress like I always do 1-800 mA TTRES You want sort of silly Simmons can come a matter what you want they got it in stock waiting for immediate delivery And speaking delivery they delivered right to your door take away the crappy old bedding whatever is convenient for you Any two hour one of that you pick noon to two one the three the three to five etc. so on any day the week seven days a week And like I said they give you that 30 day in home comfort trial. Let's you check out the new mattress the right way the only smart way by sleeping on it So if you want to be sleeping like a baby if the old mattress is bumpy and lumpy and worn on giving your back all kinds of heck Take up that phone to call them right now toll free did I say heck 1-800 mattress Well, that was kind of stupid 1-800 mA TTRES. So look them up on their wicked worldwide wet Wait trouble with others they get to the past you go sad happy father's day What you get me this year? I'm not a care what happy father's day what you give me this year a Pity care what are you thinking Happy father's day a room at the beginning Oh, are you on drugs? I'm a strategy reading. I don't want that crap this year get dead something you need You go sad puppy father's day anger management classes What anger management classes and surprise you little best like me you fat bastard By the way, Mike Hernandez is a doos bag. Do you see this facts? I'm sure you did have a End of it. Why can't they do it? You want me to read that before I finish with a no no I'm hanging over here. Oh It's a good morning Neil though. I don't know if you see or heard about the following article But upon reading I thought that heller is perity about clear channel said to goodbye English rose It's from the free rag southeast performers made 2000 to issue Can't listen to radio anymore because well anyway Michael moot in highly who says micro nanda's a doos bag. Okay. I'll get to that but I got to finish this first Okay, can I do that see I'm getting so much stuff piled up here. It's a bad bad and all of it's got to get on to it Oh speaking a bad look at that Can I get off of that? I see I'm only watching that from a sadistic point of view that market stuff because it makes me feel like maybe finally for like Stevie Wonder would say for once in my life I did something kind of right. Oh, hi, Stevie. How you doing? Wave this Stevie? Okay, get back to this newsweek article After the meeting may lasian intelligence continue watch the condo at the CIA as we quest but after a while the agency lost interest And agents kept up the surveillance they might have observed another beneficiary of Sufats charity Zacharias, Masawi who stayed there on his way to the west later that year The Malaysian said that were surprised by the CIA is lack of interest Follow me they call them poor meeting we couldn't fathom it really Rious yet team Malaysians legal affair minister told newsweek there was no show of concern Immediately after the meeting, Alhazme boarded a plane to Bangkok where he met a connecting flight to Welle on January 15th 2000 since the CIA hadn't told a state department to put his name on the watch list Disrespected terrorist or told the iNS to be on the lookout form he breased through the airport in into America All me Dar was also on that plane though CIA agents didn't know it at the time The CIA is forbidden from spying on people inside the United States had it followed standard procedure and passed the ton of the FBI once they crossed the border agents would have discovered that Alme Dar and Alhazme weren't just visiting California they were already living there the men had moved into an apartment in San Diego two months before they called out on poor meeting the CIA is reluctant to divulge what it knew Is especially odd because as 2000 dawn US law enforcement agencies were on red alert Certain that have been lodged strike somewhere in the world would come at any moment There was certainly reason to believe in law and was sending men here to do a grave harm Just a few weeks before and alert customs inspector had caught another kind of terrorist Oxmed Rasam as he tried to cross the Canadian border in a rental car packed with explosives is mission was to blow up LA airport Perhaps agency officials let down their guard after warnings about a millennium Eva Techn never materialized Whatever the reason Alhazme and Almed Dar fell off their raiders screen radar screen what I just say Raider now maybe they were there to play for the raiders Free to do is they please the 25 year old Alhazme in 26 year old Alme Dar when about their terrorist training in Southern California They told people they were buddies from Saudi Arabia hoping to learn English and become commercial airline pilots The clean shaven Alhazme and Alme Dar played soccer in the park with other Muslim men and prayed they required five times in a theory of mosque Watch out for those soccer people They bought season passes to see world and died on fast food leaving the burger wrapper strewn around their sparsely furnished apartment Watch out for people who eat fast food And despite their religious convictions demand frequent in area strip clubs Hey, how do you like that just like the ones in Florida They responded on that the men would rarely use the telephones in their apartments That they routinely went outside to make calls on mobile phones People who knew the men recall they couldn't have been more different Alhazme was outgoing and cheerful making friends easily He once posted an ad online seeking a Mexican mail order bride and worked diligently to improve his English By contrast Alme Dar was dark and brooding and expressed disgust with American culture One evening he tried to day Muslim acquaintance for watching a moral American television If you're so religious what do you have facial hair the French out back? Alme Dar pated him condescendingly on the knee you'll know someday brother he said Neither man lost sight of the primary mission learning to fly airplanes Alme Dar and Alhazme took their flight lesson seriously, but they were impossible to teach Instructor Rick Garza at sorbys flying club gave both men a half dozen classes on the ground before taking them up at a single-engine Sessna in May They were only interested in flying big jet scars are recalls, but Garza soon gave up on this on his happily students I just thought they didn't have the aptitude he says they were like dumb and dumber Had law enforcement agents been looking for Alhazme and Alme Dar at the time they could have easily tracked them through bank records and September 2000 Alhazme opened a $3,000 checking account at the bank of America branch Then also used their real names and drivers licenses social security cards and credit cards When Alme Dar brought a dark blue 1988 toy to Corolla for $3,000 cash He registered in his name He later signed the registration over to Alhazme whose name was on the papers when the car was found a Delicene National Airport on 11th of September Of course agents might have used another resource to pinpoint their location the phone book page 13 of the 2000 2001 Pacific Bell White Pages contains a listing for Alhazme Now off ML has May 64 one-month later road and the number at Cedremann so on By then though the case seems to have gotten lost deep in the CIA's files, but Alme Dar's name and face surface yet again in the aftermath of the October 2000 bombing of the coal Within days of the attack a team of FBI agents flew to Yemen to investigate they soon began closing in on suspects One was a man called Taufic bin Atash aka Colad a fierce one-legged kite of fighter When analyst at the CIA's counter-terrorism sentiment likely Virginia pulled out the file on Colad They discovered pictures of him taking at the Corolla-Lumpor meeting and one of the shots he standing next to Alme Dar If is the CIA now claims it wasn't certain that Alme Dar had terrorist connections It's certainly new it now and yet the agency still did nothing and notified nobody In mid to late 2000 Alme Dar left San Diego for good it appears that he spent the next several months bouncing around the Middle East in South East Asia While he was away his visa expired a potentially big problem It's since the CIA was still not cheering information about Alme Dar's alkada connections the state department's Consular Office in Saudi Arabia simply rubber stamped him a brand new one Alme Dar returned to the US until I fourth 2001 flying it in New York he spent at least some of the time leading up to September Traveling around the East Coast at at least once meeting with Mohamed Ata and several other 9-11 plotters in Las Vegas Meanwhile a hazmi having flunked out of two California flying schools decided to try as luck in Phoenix Early in 2001 there he hooked up with another alkada terrorist in training hazmi Hanjur who eventually piloted flight 77 An April 2001 alhazmi headed east and was pulled over for speeding Oklahoma State Trooper CL park in Zran alhazmi's California drivers license to the computer Check to see if his car was still in a major there wasn't a war now for alhazmi's arrest When nothing came up he issued the terrorist to tickets totaling 138 bucks and sent him on his way the tickets were not discovered until after 9-11 Like Alme Dar alhazmi eventually went east spending time in New Jersey in Maryland on August 25 He used his credit card to purchase two tickets for flight 77 Two days earlier CIA officials frankly finally and frantically awoke to their mistake That summer as US intelligence picked up repeated signals that bin Laden was about to launch a major result Tenant ordered to staff to scrub the agency's files looking for anything that might help him fort whatever was coming It didn't take long to discover the file on alma daryl hazmi CIA officials checked with the ianus only Discover that almedari traveled out of the country and was allowed back in on his new visa on August 23 at the CIA sent out an urgent cable Labeled immediate to the State Department customs ian s and fbi telling them to put the two men on the tier rhythm watch list The FBI began an aggressive fulfill the investigation agent searched all nine myriad hotels in New York City The place almedari had listed as his destination on this immigration forms in July They also searched hotels in LA with the two men originally into the country back in 1999 But it's unclear whether agents scoured public records for drivers licenses and phone numbers or tried to Track of plain ticket purchases and preparation for their mission to men had gone to ground Now almedi escalating blame wars and washing and federal agents are left to wonder How different things might have been oh my god Big purple one I knew was coming up now Medi escalating blame wars and washing federal agents are left to wonder how different things might have been if they'd started that search nearly two years before The FBI's plan that could have unraveled a plot by watching alhazmi and almedar and connecting the dots between them and their The terrorist seems compelling The links would not have been difficult to make alhazmi met with 100 or the flight 77 pilot in Phoenix late 6 months later and made 2001 the two men showed up in New Jersey and open up shared bank accounts with two other Plotters off met alghabmadi and majid moqid The next month alghabmadi is our love these name moqid moqid Moqid moqid moqid the couldest call a mo for sure, okay if there's a but I smell it the next month Alhazmi helped two other hijatchers Salam alhazmi his brother and Abdulaziz alamari open their bank account account Their own bank accounts two months after then August 2000 the mother trail would have led to the pilots ringler or mohamid atah who had bought plane tickets for moqid in alamari What's more at least several of the hijackers in travel Las Vegas for meeting in summer 2001 Just weeks before the attacks it's like three degrees of separation in system FBI official But would that have even been enough? There's no doubt that alhazmi and almadar could have been stopped from coming into the country At the CIA had shared its informational other agencies but then two other hijackers could have been sent to take their place And given how little the FBI understood alghabmadi's way of operating and how it managed to mishandle the key clues it did have It's possible that agents could have identified all 19 hijackers and still not figured out what they were up to That one former FBI official suggests could have led to the coolest 9-11 scenario of all we would have had the FBI Watching them get on the plane in Boston and calling Los Angeles he says asking could you pick them up at the other end? End of story How do you like that is that enough to make the hair on your income? Put your little bit piss you off Get me pissed off and fired up. I'll tell you that right now 9-12 or 10-26 don't say 9 do not do that one thing we learned a long time ago on his show is don't say yeah 1026 at 560 WQA I'll tell you guys who's pissed off and fired up all wise not pissed off He just fired up Tom Lehman over to hell at Pontiac GMC. He's so fired up that he's got hell It's off the wall in voicel going on right now stop by hell at 134 a one south fixie highway on US one right across the street from the falls Or as I speak the lowest sale price in the universe is marked right there on the invoice on all brand new 2002 cars and trucks and stud and you can choose 1.9% fine Answering up to a 3500 dollar rebate and not only Tom Lehman but all the sales holes down there at hell at no That Bob Eisenberg's got a really silly pit looking piece. I want to discuss that with the monitor making your deal Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs included the envoy voted by motor trend as SUV the year and check out the all new vibe SUV the one everybody's talking about vibes got the power of a sports car and just a fraction of the price Hallets all so got an unbeatable a dependable select a great pre-owned cars trucks and SUVs If you've been dirt down for credit by some of the doos bag someplace else no problem no work You'd deal it, hell it it's the off the wall in voicel going on right now at hell at Pontiac GMC 1.3401 south fixie highway that's on US one across from the falls open every single day 7 days a week you can call him a 305 238 40 305 238 4044 Hallet Pontiac GMC where they say They are a bit bit different power has no wins Because the CEO is daddy pushes trend The total lowest man for you here in the day The car is a bit more expensive than the one you're driving with fire Now the car is a bit more expensive than the one you're driving with The car is a bit more expensive than the one you're driving with The car is a bit more expensive than the one you're driving with The car is a bit more expensive than the one you're driving with The car is a bit more expensive than the one you're driving with The car is a bit more expensive than the one you're driving with The car is a bit more expensive than the one you're driving with The driver rating you'll be talking taking a flight They call the driver like the woman out in place And find the weight no doubt when I listen to the fan If you expect to get too close to the plane on the air Oh yeah, not in this whole frame Here, tell me, you're the radio star Here, tell me, you're the radio star Here, tell me, you're the radio star Here, tell me, you're the radio star You're the radio star You're the radio star 32 at 5.60 WQAM So Mike from highly affects his new story Very depressing Radio killed the radio star It says the American and boy you gotta have good eyesight to read this The Siosmol is pretty good I got good eyesight but The American Federation of Television and Radio Artist declared Clear Channel is expected it's dominance to such a degree that there is concern that both radio and sound recordings and industries Have been forever transformed and destroyed In a 20-page annotated memo from after the FCC The trade group claimed consolidation in the radio industry since 1996 has harmed the public interest By reducing diversity and competition in local radio markets Which is exactly what I said when this crap came down at IOD Remember that day? Yep I said this is the end baby for the listeners for the people in the business This is the freaking end The brief goes on to state This consolidation is also caused particular harm to recording artists into the music industry And that the harms to the public interest are illustrated by Clear Channel Chief channel, column whatever you want Assholes The brief submitted by after his national director of news in broadcasting Thomas Arcarpenter And National Director of Sound Recording's Anne Chalovitz Says the loosening of station ownership limitations since the telecommunications act of 1996 has had a devastating impact on diversity And competition in radio competition Alien, what is it? Eliminating the diversity in news entertainment and public affairs programming The paper insists on 1996 act directed the FCC to ease vise its rules in order to permit consideration and meaningful Investigation of how the commissions regulatory structure did or did not foster the public interest Making it entirely appropriate to consider other factors beyond mirror numerical limits After points out that the radio industry consolidation is harmed in public interest by reducing diversity in news and public affairs programming As well as the advertising competition in local radio markets The paper devotes an entire section of the harm it is caused the music industry by greatly reducing diversity in localism The local character of radio has largely vanished There's been a sharp reduction in the amount in variety of regional Distinctions in music broadcast over the radio and certain anti-competitive business practices have taken hold After claim certain music formats have been eliminated from the airwaves altogether including classical jazz and bluegrass While the role of disk dockies and PDs to program music to local taste and performances is also being eliminated The amount of advertising is also increased in comparison to programming Clear channel comes under particular scrutiny especially in the The conglomerate's purchase of SFX Entertainment in 1999 which gave it the power to limit promotional support of bands and artists who are performing for other companies All other venues or who are sponsored by other stations Some of the remaining independent considered promoters have alleged clear channels engaging an anti-competitive behavior by using its leverage to force smaller companies out of business The brief points to the exclusive agreement between radio group humillus and Jeff McClusky and associates another pop partnership Boy, this is tough to read As another partnership noting the public not in the public center of stating dominant radio group owners not control the music market through exclusive agreements Within the independent promoters who decide what music gets played on the stations The conclusion state Oh look at that lime green again I just mung the right on words a clear channel. The conclusion states that clear channels Unregulated ownership consolidation radio is destroying diversity and localism and music and promoting anti-competitive market conditions And urges the FCC to conduct public hearings on the effect of the regulation and ownership Consolidation in the radio industry since 1996 and they are Good luck to you, okay. They're too busy worried about whether somebody says crap on here. They're still in that garbage Just like the guy damn justice department is still too busy rating of a whole houses Can you believe that the FBI involved in a guy damn a horror house rate into Orleans Which I got this very way down in the pile somewhere which I probably won't get to but maybe tomorrow or Monday Isn't that great that they're using our taxpayer time and money for stuff like that? What a shocker? Yeah Makes me want a bar right here on the goddamn ear How's that pull coming about smoking that's another thing that they're spending a lot of time just like John Ascrofts it Let's get the pop people we can't get the terrorists but let's at least get the pop people Put them all in jail for 20 years 2112 votes on our pool. What do you smoke? I don't smoke anything. You know we ought to be asking Greg read that. What do you smoke? He must be smoking something I Don't smoke anything 68. Oh, that's pulling away. Do you believe that? Yeah, I do actually oh Pot 39 that's just smoke. I used to smoke cigarettes but quit 29 cigarettes and pot 25 What that's a double that's a double differ cigars 19 cigars and pot 16 used a smoke pot but quit nine cigarette six and I used to smoke cigars but quit only one of course That's because nobody quit smoking cigars mom Now who just died here little while ago. That was a big cigar smoker Uh Oh, no, wasn't somebody that just died. I'm sorry and you wouldn't know anyway. I was pet Quinn the coach at least But most of a couple of games to the Carolina series because they rushed from the hospital because he was having chest pains And he's a big fat heavy guy who likes a little Little pop every now and then plus his champing on cigars all day and they said give up the cigars And he said well, I don't inhale them and they said big deal. I Just mention that in passing They're not the best for your health, but those of us who smoke cigars we never give them up I don't smoke as many as I used to and I certainly don't smoke those big fat gut renters Once the ones that taste like donkey crap, but nevertheless pretty hard to give up cigar Yeah, just once in a while this may be 15-20 a day like hell Here's good news arrangements are being made in Lakeland Florida for R&B senior arc Kelly disarriders Chicago police today On charges of child pornography according to waste spokesman and amazing everybody's got a spokesman I think that's your problem George. I think you need a spokesman. I do Anybody want to volunteer? No Kelly posted bond was released from jail and Florida the Polk County Sheriff Department said yesterday a lot of stuff going on in Polk County You know it It's enough to maybe you want to play Polk sell it any if I had it, but I don't have it He was arrested in Florida Wednesday hours after he was in debt about grand jury in Chicago and 21 counts of child pornography Stimming from a video tape that allegedly shows the star performing sexual acts with a 14-year-old girl in George wants to see the tape No, I don't Why not because he's at it? What you just kind of like ignore him you don't want to see what she looks like? No, yes, you do what do you lie like that because I don't okay? I mean all these infatient aisles are stupid They 35-year-old singer was full name is Robert Kelly denies the allegations Kelly spokesman Alan Mayer said it's a time of the Grammy winning singer's arrival in Chicago was not yet definite But he would turn himself over to police sometime today if convicted Kelly could be sentenced up to 50 years in prison and find a maximum 100 grand. I'm not buying his records anymore Authority said investigation was lost February 1 after the Chicago sometimes newspaper received in anonymous video tape along with a claim the man in the video was Kelly the paper turned to tape over to police which then had a sex crimes unit investigate further Investigators interviewed more than 50 witnesses went before the grand jury and identified the singer as the person in the video authorities said the FBI Crablaga and lab in quadricobr Virginia authenticated tape they said Cook County states attorney Richard divine said the grand jury and dead in Kelly was best known for a smash hit I believe I can fly on 7 counts of video taping the sex acts 7 counts of producing the video and 7 counts of soliciting or enticing the girl in a having the act in a first place Authorities will not come in on the identity of the girl under video tape the Chicago sometimes said she was the then 14-year-old daughter of an associate of our Kelly's but added that the girl in her parents have denied the allegations Somebody we know once told me you don't mess around with associates daughters Who thought to that or a step daughters things like that? I'm not saying It would be in bad taste to say it on the air you can think about it. Okay got the answer no Twenty before 11 at 560 WC don't forget to join the mad dog for library casted hooters today in Pemberg Pines Pine's Boulevard University drive from one to three the prize patrol. I guess Miguel's gonna be there with our crappy prizes, right? Like I said Miguel does not want to have any part of it. Well not why not it's it hooters? It starts at one oh I see the QM price patrol be there with our usual marginal crap that the nobody wants and you can register when dinner for two The Marlins outfield of Kevin Malar or two which somebody might want mad dog one a three We got any K for Hank 3 to 7 hanks at the abelma do another stuff seven o'clock We got you have against South Carolina the Super Regital in of course at 7 30. That's which is over to waxy 7 90 or 7 10 depending on whether it's time check as radio or yours 7 30 Marlins on deck 805 the Marlins at the twins 11 o'clock. It's the big oh on any show from 11 to two enjoy mark the dirty boys overnight I get better than dirty boys. I'd like to see that 14 year old check Well ask them in fact maybe she'll shop for one of those videos that people are talking about around the station and Moses was tell me about member Holy Moses. Yeah, I remember In fact I think he's akin to Jesus Christ think in a painting your home a business don't paint protect your investment with liquid ceramic Liquid ceramic the technology board in NASA's pace program is available right now in South Florida Liquid ceramic is the most advanced bacteria or say again advanced exterior and roof-coating available That's what I just said you took it have the same high tax ceramic tough technology that shields the space shuttle Protecting your home or building and you'll never ever have to paint again. That's correct Liquid ceramic is guaranteed for as long as you own your home or building So forget about repeating every few years or any time at all Liquid ceramic won't fade it won't peel. Let's guarantee this state of the art coating yields in our 24 installation equivalency helping you bring those electric wheels down Liquid ceramics available no for 1800 different colors so check out liquid ceramic today make one easy call no obligation Call 305 347 5122 Liquid ceramics been manufactured in salt for over 40 years and the good news for you is now it's available right in South Florida Call 305 347 5122 or visit among the internet at liquid ceramic dot TV when you call be sure and tell me Old Neil told you to call 305 347 You My name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is I'm a I'm a I'm a Second is my name I'm My Guys do like my eyes want to get some nine and straws and stuff down some my ties I've been working out want to feel my eyes feel fly high How do you know if you never tried guys tonight? I got a date and I'm trying to get my head straight But I can't figure out which spiked girl. I want to impersonate and Dr. Gates said Where do you or a queen? Look at that wing boy you're on the team well since eight twelve I felt up my first now I never since then never failed the chase in that tail got pissed off and ripped my ex boyfriend Nits off Kiss him and said I didn't know plastic made with this Look at that pound of pole that hates on my mole or gas make control is my ultimate goal Make black white way from me I'm your bro dark. I don't give a fuck, I take some so take your clothes off Hi my name is my name is My name is just a swims My name is my name is justi swimsusting swims sweetie hi my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is Hey Okay, whatever you say, Man, all these facts is about the music industry and it's in trouble and all of a sudden Well, you sent a facts me all that stuff any special reason. Oh, because Probably because of the same reason that now you couldn't possibly affect me this some managed promo because I just got through reading who Facts me this. I did Miguel told me to I just got through reading it Not the managed promo dumbass Oh, it's only when you came out one got our you a dumbass or what I mean You are galey to go yeah Miguel said refacts that thing This fight the only one that he gave me. I didn't give you that You did give me that kick of in the nuts George You're only hope That George only comes up to Miguel's knee anyway, so if we have a fist fight, you know There's only chances to like you know fist them in the nuts Kind of like Timmy and Peggy or is it Timmy in the normal whatever on passions don't mess passions by the way It's heavy duty today heavy heavy duty jury reaches verdict in Kennedy cousin trial a scaicle trial. Let's hear it anybody interested? No, well, I haven't announced it yet anyway, but I got my eye on it But you still have to have the evidence to support it and it's got to be more than guesswork speculation or taking some Talk from a diary and from kids fooling around at age 15 16 and turning that into an absolute homicidal maniac As for what prosecutors call the confessions Made a drug rehab school, but scaicle attended several years after the murder Kiko's lawyer bro. This is all just background crap. Okay. Well, I'm interested in background crap We want all the guy damn bird when you guys get the verdict and tell us quit fill in time while they're just you know what they're doing Fill in time Okay, we'll get back to that keep your eye peeled on that case in the middle of one of my very important stories here Like this one from the hero priest faces fourth sex abuse claim a fourth former alter boy accused has been at priest Richard Castle onus of sex abuse yesterday charging in a lawsuit that cast the law and another priest molested him at Sanacidro church in Pompano Beach in the late 80s Kenneth Mithtaya say 20-year-old Broward County man said in the suit that he was abused by the two priest when he was 15 from 1988 to 89 after family problem set him to the Catholic Church for guidance Instead of how oh yeah, they'll give you helping hand alright Instead of help according to the suit Mattias found relief violation of his trust leaving him with emotional scars That later led him into drug abuse He said he was molested by Castellanos numerous times during overnight stays at the priest told him the suit said It also to tell the episode of alleged abuse by another priest at the church whom he knew only his father are nullfold The ex-alter boys lawyer said late yesterday that his plan has been arrested 11 times and mostly drug charges has Identified the other priest as our nullfold our andia ARA and the iA are andia the lawyer said he plans to amend the lawsuit today Church record sure randy at Sanacidro 1988 and 89 and in 1991 it's a read is church in Pomp Beach County The suit charges at the arts dices of Miami which covers Monroe date and Broward County's new Apparabue allegations against Castellanos but to not remove him instead church officials continue to hold castellanos out as a Catholic priest It could be trusted with minor parishters the suit said A spokesman for the arts dices said the church would not respond to the allegations because officials hadn't seen it yet in the suit either Castellanos lawyer gables attorney Gonzalo dorta said he could not comment about the suit because he hadn't seen it In generally said his client remains steadfast that those allegations are false and unfounded Castellanos is known in South Florida's the charismatic host of the television show in the word with father Ricardo On channel 45 in Miami's been past roots and the secret for 20 years. Isn't that one of your favorite shows? I watch it daily Religously Castellanos 56 is over now. Let me ask you before I continue with this since I'm back here now We have a little bit of technical you know even though I was not in the air yesterday It's a damn good thing we checked this all out and Miguel win the nere and got on a Julio so to speak K to see that you see Miguel Martin Julio that yeah Countries up really an interesting image, but at any rate that we got it all straightened out. How does it sound today sounds? I like what tone of it crispy clear And you sound like you know Mumbly yeah No, I was just thinking stupid like that Castellanos 56 already's being sued in two other sex abuse cases Visited the name of the complaint letter the arts dices is in alleged debuser in the third case The 50 60 world priest was suspended by the arts dices last month after two other former altar boys accused him of sexually abusing them In the 70s For years the arts dices knew of allegations of abuse made against this priest and they didn't do anything out of them Launched the road internal investigation that cleared him said in the attorney Joel McGonnik who is representing Matthias along with attorney Jane Moscowitz That's one of my favorite names in the world Moscowitz and lip shits According to the suit Matthias became an altar boy at San Isid row 1980 after his family moved to Florida from New York The alleged abuse by Castellanos the suit says began with a priest requiring back robbs and Processed progressed rather than overnight stays during which the boy would wake up to find the priest Master baiting and finally him The abuse occurred is often as three times a week for up to seven weeks with T. S. lawyer said yesterday Matthias said in the suit that he never reported the allegations against Castellanos to anyone The suit also detail one episode of alleged abuse in December 1980 by the man Matthias knew his father are an alpha They were in a car alone after an arts dices spotted Christmas event in Miami at a stoplight Our nulfo reached over on Zip Matthias pants and began to finalen the suit said Matthias was in shock and unsure what to do But the priest seeing the boys reaction stopped finally in the suit said The following morning the priest allegedly gave Matthias $300 to buy gifts for his relatives telling him to remain silent because what happened was Normal amongst Latin man according to the suit. Well, what's wrong with that? I'm gonna read that sentence again In fact, I'm gonna read the previous sentence again too Because it goes to show you once again just like this whole priesting that I've been screaming about for 20 years Long-beaked for became fashionable and before became so widely realized to be true At a stoplight our nulfo reached over on Zip Matthias's pants and began to final him the suit said Matthias was in shock and unsure what to do but the precinct of boys reactions stop finally in the suit said The following morning the priest allegedly gave Matthias $300 to buy gifts for his relatives telling him to remain silent because What happened was normal amongst Latin man according to the suit? Is that normal? Among Latin men and Next altar boys said the suit that he reported the incident to a church official named Deacon Bernard or assured Matthias that the matter would be taken care of The next day our nulfo was transferred out of the parish to suit said Matthias to turn he said he's not yet obtained the full name of the Deacon Maybe it was Deacon Doulson Are you didn't see that movie did you what weren't the moment Jack lemon? No, what that was the name of that movie? I can never think of that name of that cut of it was such a good movie Also yesterday the arts dices confirmed that another brow priest river Neal dorties been placed Not administrative leave from his church same Vincent's in Margay In arts dices spokesman would not say whether there was a sexual abuse allegation against that priest The arts dices issued a statement while conducting review of our files and accusation of innocent An excessive 20 years ago came to our attention in accordance with our policy father dorty was placed on Administrative leave pending investigation dorties attorney Christian A West in his absence was not related to pedophilia Thank God, oh God, what was the name of that movie was it in the name of the father? Nope wasn't priest? Nope, okay priest. I don't know Don't be pump a net movie man. That's that's Sacralligious and certainly almost entirely true anybody out there see priest Yeah, they had their thumb on it Judge refuses to read news bail for Shanley here some good news Adjusted on the state's highest court denied a request yesterday from a retired priest charge with child rape that is $300,000 be reduced. They said no, no thanks Reverend Paul Shanley claimed he was not a flight risk and was nearly broke but just as John grainy of the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court ruled a chamly failed to demonstrate a clear error of law or an abusive discretion on the part of the superior court were said to bail Attorney Frank Madado would not ask for a specific amount for Shanley he told grainy and a hearing yesterday the Chanley was a candidate for release on personal mechanisms however Middlesex County Prosecutor Lynn Rumi said Shanley had no remaining local ties to keep him in the area She also cited past letters by Shanley suggesting he might leave the country Last month Shanley's bail was reduced from $750 to $300,000 but he remained unable to post bail Shanley was publicly advocated sex between men and boys is accused of raping a boy over a six year period in the 1980s including an insurance confessional Madado said Shanley still had supporters who could raise some money for him his niece to research and liquidized media coverage of Shanley's case After yesterday's hearing the information that's been released in the media has been for the sole purpose of sensation Lism sound bites and self-serving lawyerism She said this case should be tried in the court were not in the press room Earlier this week, a lawyer representing another man who claims Shanley repeatedly raped him when he was a child They'd public nearly a thousand pages of the personnel files of ten other reviews priest a judge order of the arts dicey To turn over the files in the civil case against Shanley attorney Rod McLean said the file show the arts dicey's had a pattern of Transferring priest even after allegations of abuse as we well know one is showed. We know it. You bet your sweet ass 1056 and 560 WQM we got the mad dog from Hooters in one now is this other promo? You're gonna facet or not? Oh, maybe it's a facet Wanna keep a gill com look for the QM fan that a five to seven a gill be in that one, right? Yes 570 dv a house On the south eight corner 595 and university drives that by for prize in specials and my hard lemonade and speaking a hard McGill will be there 570 a th a dv a house so you can go for and see the mad dog at Hooters and then go over to the a house and then just you know What do you think you do after you go to both of those places? Pass out go to hell 1057 at 560 WQM the weather's gonna get really small ring not just Todd but steamy Some are storms into possibility of hurricanes follow that action soon. You know that they're predicting lot of hurricanes is some are more than usual Get prepared for major storm and discover what thousands of smart people and under protect their homes call all weather systems All weather systems been in business for over 15 years in town. There was state license FEMA project impact contractor All weather systems carries the brand news did the art shuttlerless impact resistant windows and French doors No one's slightly irregularly shutters to ruin the look of your home and the convenience and not having to put up heavy plywood or storm panels do All weather systems offers a hundred percent unsecured bank financing with no payments for 90 days and payments as low as only 69 bucks a month Their impact resistant windows and French doors have insulated glass that's gonna save you a lot of energy Reduce outside noises and the non-breakable glass helps keep out criminals and burglars too All weather systems also manufacture a full line of accordions down shutters elect your girlups and hurricane panels as well So if all weather systems are called today save yourself the headache of putting up shutters protect your family from storms and crime too and keep your house really looking beautiful and energy efficient at the same time Call all weather systems please tell me nealtour new call toll free 1-800-728-5126 That's 1-800-728-5126 they provide home protection of the highest quality with service reliability and professional in a second And nobody know where call them today all weather systems 1-800-728 3-800-728-5126 3-800-728-5126 4-800-728-5126 Howard David's bitch It's the new book that's shocking the country after 20 years Shaggy of Scooby Doo speaks out Disclosing the behind the scenes antics that could bring down the whole cartoon industry Oh my god, I tell ya Oh like we weren't just solving mysteries in that mystery van right school Like we used to have a bumper sticker on the back that said when this fans are rockin don't come on Ocony Like I gotta tell you, Vellman Daphne Lesbian city carpet munchers, belly rubbing, yep I know what's heartability Squatpy Doo Like the only reason like he got his job he was pimping for Daphne Like how about print? Like how many guys do you know the where a yellow scar Okay Like that's right Scooby and I used to sit in the front of the mystery van and like do ball hits and like watch Vellman Daphne get it on What do you think we are so much He's the new book Scooby Doo Like we would have got away with it had it not been for those damn kids on book shelves across the country everywhere It's 1102 at 560 WQAM So far nothing's been found but by the way this oh look at that Michael Skakele convicted murder It is a bloody verdict and for Michael Skakele they had never anticipated this from the very beginning His lawyer has maintained with innocence Michael Skakele who truly said that all along he did not kill Martha munchly He this has got to be a shattering blow easy he faces 25 years to life in Present a rock that family is always said this was not about vengeance that this was about justice They wanted the person who killed their 15-year-old their beloved 15-year-old girl brought to justice She was brutally beaten to death with a golf club and then stabbed through the neck Whether the jury considered that when determining whether there was intent that may be part of it And okay, so they finally nailed a Kennedy Michael Skakele convicted a murder here's Dave Johnson has got other things on his mind I'm sure how you doing Dave? I'm fired how are you Neil? I'm doing sensational. It's a beautiful day in Toronto the sun is shining the pigeons are doing it right on my balcony It's great When are you coming to um to don't want park? I'll be there in about a half an hour As the pigeon flies okay So anyway, I picked the winner. I'm sure George passed it along to you because you know Finally sooner later after all these years. I picked you the winner in a forgiveness yes and You were you were dead right? I I had the second horse we had the exacted together. There you go War emblem man. I see I hear people talking about Seattle slew and the fact that both horses are black Well, that's like saying that my ticens are gonna win tomorrow because you know Joe Lewis was black to it. It didn't make any sense to me. I don't I mean more emblem may run a gigantic race And I'm gonna pick him any while to that right now, but he's no Seattle slew Well, you know you never know how good they are until you get a little distance from them I mean even spectacular bid who lost because he had a co-cat Ride them as a teenage kid. You know are you picking on Ronnie Frank for the game? Good good, but but yeah I didn't realize how good she is Seattle. I mean the spectacitor bid wasn't to like You know shoemaker started to write him and then you saw what kind of an animal he was so there he was great You have to get a little distance between You know the actual event of the Belmont and then see what he does in the Belmont and afterward And not only that, but you know people forget. I think Didn't the Secretary of the only race against four horses in the Belmont probably yeah, there was very very small fields. I think it was a field of five or six Mike Gallant And a Bob horse and a and sham. Yeah, I think we only five or six. He's gonna have there's gonna be 11 in the field tomorrow 11 yeah, you mean 11 plus warm-lim or somebody gets ran Puzzle went got scratched puzzle. Mid-god scratched you heard her first right here so puzzle And who was like 30 to one in a morning line had no chance anyway. He's out. Yeah, he he brews to a foot So he will not be competing in the Belmont. He's a good horse. He'll be later But he won't he won't have a chance in the Belmont. He's out of it now. He was in the seven hole He was inside of where emblems. So that means where emblem moves in one spot. Everybody in one step one right right So a field of 11 There's a couple horses that don't belong in there, but it but there's a good about four or five horses I wouldn't be surprised to see like Perfect drift or proud citizen who is second of the Durvian third and a break and some mean that you know they have every right to come back But I haven't told you my pick yet. Okay. Well, you will the second The horse that I hear everybody talking about is Sunday break. Thank you I love them. Oh, that's when you're picking yeah Sunday break with your estevens the old risedale source who won't know what now what race was it that he won? Well, he won a race called a Peter Pan and I went out to the track. I wanted to see him in person And he's really grown up these matured since he raised in March and April in New York and he grew a winter coat He really he really he was affected by the cold weather, but he's now mature He's grown he's very very powerful. I think he's the worst of these Okay, so on with your you're picking the upset and you know me every year for how many years now for 24 years for last Every year we've been trying oh, and that's just a question of the favor We try to get a triple crown winner because I think this sport which is really in a big trouble This really needs a triple crown winner needs a champion and unlike harness racing where the times keep getting better and you keep getting champions every year or two Third bird racie has really had a mediocre bunch for years now Neil, I think you're right though You know this is a horse that could do it and I mean, how long we've been talking 20 years? I guess About a hundred years ago really is is the horse that could and I'll be happy if if Warren Lemwence that this this will be good for this for the game and I like Bob that for you We like Bob Baffer because he swore on here on ABC a few years ago, remember then? Actually, I don't remember what the word is and of course we don't want to use it here anyway, and unless we have to but You know, he's he just our kind of guy. He's kind of a like a little guy and he's been so close to the triple crown twice He just got beat with the was it real quiet real quiet and Silver charm silver charm got beat while real quiet though just got the nose down then of course They said that he got him a disormable moved him too soon in the stretch and all that other ballooning No, I don't Gary Stevens is right and Sunday break tomorrow. There you go Well Victor Espados is gonna win on more emblem tomorrow. I think and basically you've got a mediocre field here That's another thing you have to look at not only is the horse really great, but who's he racetrack again? I just don't think it's that much of a good field But now you're right. It's not the quality field that we've seen in other years, but there's a there's a 10 of them against a war emblem So that makes for a tough tough thing to win this series. Well, I think we need a champion And you know something you made a good point to begin and that isn't till they really I'll finish the triple crown this I'll running in the other races later when you're in the fall races You know we didn't know how good these horses are yeah I mean secretary it you know that was that was an unbelievable performance He was great at H2 and terrific at H3, but you know Seattle slew really proved himself after the bell month and You know in the breeding shed he's probably the best sire that we've had now war emblem doesn't have to have the lead because they keep seeing their Wisements for he's gonna go on and said a you know a pretty good pace He can sit close to the pace just like he did in the prequisites. He doesn't have to be on lead I'm thinking to Seattle slew I'm trying to remember if he ever ran from off the pace or he always run on lead He ran close he ran on a leader or close to it all the time. You know I don't remember Seattle slew's delmont very I I saw it but I didn't call it but I remember Seattle slew's first race is a two year old He went off at about five or six to one and he was covered up by me nobody nobody knew about him except the stable And after he won his first race he just destroyed a field of two year olds at Belmont Park And we all looked at ourselves in a press boxes and said what have we just seen? He turned out to be the only undefeated triple crown winner we've ever had one of the things I remember about Seattle slew is the John Krugay who had plenty of critics back at that time. In fact it was the Belmont that's I don't remember the actual racer itself Either but I do remember they said he'll win the triple crown unless the Frenchman falls off Meaning John Krugay at the jockey and if I'm sure you'll be called as they approach the wire He saluted the crowd he kind of stood up in the asadl and he saluted the crowd and everybody kind of held their breath like Oh geez you haven't reached Alania John don't fall off. He He had a lot of critics he did the ride this horse over the wind the triple crown so John's in the in the in the record book But soon after the triple crown On hillquadero got right that's right Yeah, but you know I've picked the proud citizen in the boat the derby and the pre-pist I finished second I finished third I'm getting off of them you know what happens in don't you? Yeah, yeah, you may look as beware beware when you least expected Okay, you're picking Sunday break on picking more emblems so there's the exactive for the audience Neil that say it I'm gonna bet it okay, okay no more than 500 okay, okay, they say how to make him a bit Only 400 maybe you'll find Larry there and thereby the finish line he might be hanging around Okay, they take care No problem he's got a trust me. He's got the in fact. You'll see the mop balls cloud of his amallant YouTube day take care Okay, there's Dave Johnson call her the triple crown for last 600 years War emblem triple crown. It's when I'm picking and not not that enthusiastically what is the George pick pick I heard Hank town in my morning show In other words, you're gonna pick what Hank is picking while he knows Within so Dave already picked that I'm gonna pick up proud citizens since he abandoned him proud citizen okay there you go the Lucashorse for George 12 minutes past 11 at 5.60 WQAM so Michael Skakele found guilty 25 years to life all right Why should I be so enthusiastic about they and you wanted a why cuz we've seen so many other people in a family get away with so much cramp right Even though I love Ted Kennedy is a senator, but of course, you know he just has a little problem over the years and not permission to course William Kennedy Smith Not to mention Because it feels good when justice happens. That's why you're hip-atic. That's right and in this time for justice We didn't have to go see you know who hey summer times here baby. It's 170 to degrees in the shade You could fry eggs on the sidewalk and sunflower soda, but all you'll admit is a proud people make you feel your best and keep you in great health in town All your meds is soft y'all capsule contains pharmaceutical great olive oil along with vitamins and minerals and urbles To promote health for your prostate. They got a separate product for your heart There's one for your blood pressure and your cholesterol All your meds also got supplements to promote health in your circulatory system your digestive your endocrin system your skin and bones even your mind All using the benefits of the best olive oil and money can buy and don't forget all your meds got products for men And for you ladies out there the audience even are real ladies too Only ones available at Walgreens stop by and see Marcy and say hey honey where's the olio med? They got it at Whole Food markets tomorrow pharmacy and sedanos as well View one or find out more information about how their products are what's in them and what they do for you Just call them up at their toll free number and they'll discuss it with you. They'll give you all the answers call 1 866 olio med That's 1 866 OLEO MED and don't forget you can order their products right off their website directly at olio med america Real ride We days at free on sports renewal 560 UAM will table and rate me are you tired of high cereal prices sick of paying big bucks for your breakfast? Well wake up to the future with new budget cereals like frosted break Or lucky charm And their price as low as 349 bucks and don't forget that nutritional favorites great night Buy some today 116 and 5 oh 60 W to QM Mass appeal thank you very much to name it the jackland and movie about the priest Charles Durning was in that also you know Charles Durning from when a stranger calls a big fat Charles Durning great actor Now that's spot that we just had for the panthers on there. I don't want to be a nitpicker But I've had a hockey fan for 44 years can anybody out there tell me what a backside goal is no Christian Joselius scores a great backside goal. I've heard of a backhand shot and the short side and the even George is heard of the far side Yeah Well, what is a backside goal? Back them That's what comes to my mind. Yeah, I Don't get it. I'll backside goal those panther promos just the whole while I don't want to go into it So far nothing's been found but police in trucky California are continuing to dig up the yard of the vacation home of Stephen Kiesel and Yesterday said they plan to bring it and bring in a back home to pick up the pace CBS station KPI acts reports that Kiesel is a former priest from Fremont, California Who was arrested last month on charges of sexually abusing three children in the 1970s when he was assigned the same Paula pair of Santa pair of polish Parish what did I just say Polish pop-bomba maybe who is a London polish him off Santa Paula pairers say that a hundred times your fast come on Santa Paula pairers say it Santa Paula pairers Police are checking for any possible links between Kiesel and 1980 disappearance of seven-year-old Amber Swartz Not Schwartz swartz who lived on the same street as Kiesel at the time of her disappearance from Pino, California PINOLE oh Or is that piehole Swartz's daughter of a Pino-old police officer was killed on the job in 1980 was last seen jumping rope in front of her family's house Her case got national publicity and led to the establishment of the Amber Foundation for missing children Better known to internet users is missing child.org Which works to help find missing children and lobbies for legislation affecting abduction cases Amber's missing child poster with a $50,000 reward remains on the website today along with photo showing how she might look if she was still alive Kiesel is currently free on $180,000 bail after pleading on guilty last month's child molestation charges Police say they got a warrant to search his vacation property after dogs trained to detect human remains keyed in on several spots outside the house We've had tens of thousands of leads on this case. We've had several cadaver dog hits and thus far they haven't resulted in any human remains being found said Pino will come east of a police commander John minor The alleged victims in the unrelated child molestation charges that Kiesel now faces range in age from nine to 13 years old Authorities are also investigating allegations of Kiesel might have abused 10 other children in the 70s Kiesel was defrapped in 1978 after he was charged with tying up two boys in molesting them He was also arrested on molest charges in 1981 in Union City, California The parish where Kiesel served in the 1970s is no longer an existence another priest was also with Santa Paula parish Reverend Robert free-toss Was arrested in April on a charge of sexually abusing a 15 year old boy in 1979 when he was associate pastor Pre-diswas arrested after meeting with his alleged victim who wore a hidden device that recorded what police described as a convention The alleged victim not 38 years old said he decided to come forward when he moved back to his hometown and saw that Freedis was still an active priest local Catholic church officials say they called police as soon as they were made where were the allegation? Well good for them Then I make you feel better much Here's how our polls come in now on what you smoke What do you smoke I don't smoke anything 97 pot 50 cigarettes and pot 34 I use this smoke cigarettes, but I quit 33 cigars 26 cigars and pot 22 I use this smoke pot by a quit 18 cigarettes 10 and I use this smoke cigars, but I quit four See there was only one with a cigar, but as soon as I said people don't quit smoking cigars right away We got four now. It's that a one see the way they work. I know they work in mysterious ways this crowd Harvard speech gets polite reception I never got a chance to talk about this because it happened I guess either over the weekend or when I was in transit How come I never had a chance oh that's right because that would happen when I was out sick this story You were on the course you were busy talking about sex again Because you're stupid obsessed Harvard speech gets polite reception a Harvard University commencement Did you a or which were the story the kid that we want to do the thing called jee hot and explain what you had meant? I I saw it briefly on the news, but I wasn't playing close well guess what the world didn't come into an end A Harvard University commitment speech that offended some students with use of the term jee hot received a polite reception yesterday with some students standing to a plot Zied yes in an American Muslim selected as a student speaker for the ceremony and by the way not a very bad looking kid Had title is speech of faith and citizenship my American jee hot, but dropped a second phrase after some students said the speech Should explicitly condemn terrorist violence the content of the speech was not changed In Arabic jee hot means struggle, but of course as we know all too well, it's also a term for holy war The speech focused on a struggle for personal growth and for wider peace and justice it condemned Muslims and non Muslims who've abused the word During a rainy 350 first Harvard commencement in Harvard yard Harvard yard a couple of protesters could be seen But dozens of people in the audience gave yes in a standing ovation Relations the hockey player by the way. Alexa yesion. Let's hear it for him On a rider order to stand trial finally I mean this is just gotta be like a comedy act that's going on this thing with her elbow Those supposedly the one she broke last year too even though she got hit on the wrong side Vinnie the what the guy called in yesterday tell us the name of that mob guy Vinnie the chief the chin the chin. Wow, it's close Vinnie the chin. I used to wander around in a Brooklyn. I think it was in his bathroom late night like Manulammer like that like it was kind of like Greg read and then they finally got on to him A judge ordered actress Vinona Ratti yesterday to stand trial on three counts of shoplifting Fendless men drug charges and a Raymond is set for today Of course it's only a 22 to morning out there so when it happened yet by the way Michael Skakele was found guilty of murder in case you just doing it late Michael Skakele of the Kennedy clan Anyway, the much-related preliminary hearing finally got underway in earnest earlier in the day yesterday Rider wearing a black dress had a right arm in a sling the result of an elbow fracture She received money in a frakeess outside the courthouse. There's nothing worse than a frakeess outside the courthouse In the incident rider was put by a camera as reporters and camera crews Joss will try to take pictures ever If she came back into the courthouse during her recess Monday's post bump was the fourth post fulfillment for the hearing Thursday's proceedings were halted for a few minutes after the actress complained to pain in her arm God Rider was arrested last December 12 outside sex that the habit would Beverly Hills the Asked an an actress faces one county to grant that commercial burglary vandalism and possession of a controlled substance Oxie codone a pain killer Police say she's shoplifting numerous women's hair accessories handbags and various items of women's clothing Riders played it not guilty of all four counts for a turnity of not just the disgusting the Mastacio the TV horror Mark Garagos produced a sales receipt from a four grand that he implies proves rider actually paid for the Allegedly stolen merchandise a Sacchicurity official Kenneth Evans testified the receipt was just for one pair of Gucci shoes that rider purchased not for the items that she's accused of stealing For grand for a pair of shoes. How do you like that then then make you want a bar? Yeah, or grand for a pair of shoes Jesus Christ a considerable amount of testimony from our ones was about the video surveillance techniques used to monitor the actress She moved around a store what what was that what was what that noise? That wasn't you no I don't know That wumping sound maybe it was an active Jesus Christ. Oh you know what it was what wait? It's on at the disk. Oh Which makes it kind of fun you can listen for now Evans also testified that a staff requirement Recovery our coverage several security tags from addressing were used by rider He said the tags appeared would been cut off from the merchandise rather than we moved by equipment that the store uses when a sales mate Know how they have those things. Yes. They do what do you call those things the tag take a offer? I'll look dirt. Yeah, whatever. Yeah, the electric tag take a offer remover So they get those security things off the merchandise and I said they got some pretty good idea that maybe somebody paid for it Evan said at one point That when he first saw rider on the video surveillance cameras he thought she was a homeless person because she was carrying so many shopping bags That prompted Gary goes to ask how many homeless people sex gets wearing three-quarter-life cash mirror coats And that neighbor hat Love it. Got a like it Real sense of humor she's got and the on war work. You see it. It's also happened yesterday. She got like a little slap on a wrist. Yeah, and don't do it again Very very sad of course if you get caught with a pinjo and I guarantee a 20 years no questions as they'll just throw the key away Make no mistake about it. Especially George In fact I can think of some good character. What is this for you right now stupid? Mm-hmm July 19 sentencing set for Michael Skaco July 19. Oh, that's a long ways away I'll be an Amsterdam by then Don't forget look for the QM fan today five to seven at the Davy aile house on the southeast corner five ninety five in university drive Stop by for prize in specials on my it's hard lemonade That's five to seven today at the Davy aile house in McGill will be there to show you what hard really means and the second only between one and three Join the mad dog for live broadcast And who does in pemper pines and pines of all of our new university drive one to three QM prize patrol will be there without McGill who's gonna be driving the event Daring Doreens gonna be there oh Are you serious? Yeah, it's only me and here in the from the arch of the apartment Doreen is gonna be there that that is worth a price of admission, okay? Go over there even if it's only to stand there and stare at that bitch the QM prize patrol be there with the Doreen And all kinds of mediocre giveaways. Maybe they'll be given her way any takers Huh, I doubt it and you can register when dinner for two with Florida Marlins out feel the Kevin Malar there you go And offer you can't refuse to bigger parents is the saffrono the Reigns appearing with manage and McGill's appearing with somebody 26 after 11 at 560 WQA if your mattress appears to be on a way out if your back just didn't feel good when you get up in the morning Probably means time to get rid of the mattress and get you a great brand new one that gives you some support That gives you a great night sleep night after night. If you don't get a good night sleep life is worth a crap So call my good friends at Dalamatris you'll be instantly connected when you call 1-800 mattress to an expert bed and consultant Who's only job is to get to the best brand name mattress unlike in those department stores or one day They're in the lamp department the next day. They're when they like a deal load apartment whatever They are the experts in mattresses at Dalamatris because that's all they sell and they got all the top brands Served a silly Simmons a king coil and when you call them at that toll free number 1-800 mattress You pick today in the two hour winter for your delivery any day seven days a week when it's convenient for you It's that is sitting around on your can all day waiting for somebody hopefully to show up and also when you buy your mattress from Dalamatris at Unbeatable prices I should point out you could a 30 day in home comfort guarantees you can test your mattress the only intelligent way By sleeping on it by putting your fat ass on it and doing your thing So call Dalamatris right now you'll be sleeping like a baby tonight call 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATT-RES, please tell me at Neil Prodity call or check him out on the web We night's in 10 on sports video 5-60 Yeah, I can't baby By the way, that's Adam's your ad responsible for that spot being on the show. I'm gonna break your next next time on their Adam The water it was in there very briefly. You know it's what's breathing through a teammate and It's a promise by the The promise I'm gonna make a promise like he was Here we always got an animal with the one saying that the one good guy Oh Oh Get up What Take Oh on I said, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one there, no one kind, no one there, no one here, no one there, ah not one not one in the world, no one I have to zorude me at first I have to zorude me at first, no one for me, can you really go to me, can you really go with me, can you really go with me?Enough with my own hands, hgwah whgw if throwing a bute bag at the cream zill lasas look at our twenty four fifty add up the people at school not just pot because that's like fifty six which is seventeen points you percent but it wants that's a whole cigarette and pot yeah in cigar and cigar and pot since I did the a cigarette oh you got thirty five percent thirty five percent are puffin on the wacky illegal weed in the USA and are probably gonna go to jail if anybody finds out and they traced these guy damn hoats I thought it was gonna be cigarettes on this thing what do you mean by that more people smoking cigarettes than any other four percent and only thirteen all those cigarettes and pot is thirty five so you got about twenty five percent but thirty five percent are spoken pot either all by its loan some or with a casual uh... stoke through an innier or a casual a faggot and a cigar two pretty amazing and yet not only is the country resisting coming out of the stone age with its pot lost but also is musseling our friends up here in the Canada who are on the verge or run on the edge of the criminalizing completely just like uh... they do in all of us junior pretty much and civilized countries where they don't want to put all of your people in jail and they're threatening the Canadian government for a single boy don't do that because then they'll be shipping all that wacky weed down here across the border and smuggling it in the red falls and people be jumping right over to god damn falls cah this it's makes you want to cry just makes you want to cry here's a uh... great article thank you for faction this to be by the way one of our uh... factions out there in the audience Paul Cragman writes it today's new new year times evils of access this also makes you want to cry see i don't i don't read these articles to the press anybody like the thing from newsweek just so that you know i mean then you can go on with your life and i let it over well you or you can just go commit suicide one of the other but did just so that we have some idea what's going on it thought a pretty picture Paul Cragman writes as senate investigators examined evidence on the administration's enron contracts the white house console al vertical Gonzalez has already delivered the everything's fine because officials did nothing to help enron as it was a collapsing all we're fine i believe him i also believe that the administration played no role in the death of almas and equally relevant assertion mister Gonzalez is pulling the same trick on energy policy that the tiniest pulled on anti-terrorist policy we spawn to real serious questions about the administration's actions by self-righteously denying charges that nobody's actually making nobody is accused of white house of helping enron when it was down just as no democratic leaders accuse the administration of deliberately allowing nine eleven a happen the real questions in both cases are whether the administration failed a life against real threats because it was preoccupied with a preconceived agenda by officials who manifest they got a wrong of not the held accountable and whether because nobody's been held accountable the administration is continuing to make the same mistakes i know that i'm about to get a barrage of mail saying that energy policy and terrorism are not comparable but bear with me for a minute in the case of energy policy the administration still won't release information about the change is energy task force but it's clear that energy companies and only energy companies had access to top officials the result with that during the California power crisis which it is increasingly apparent was largely engineered by an amount of other companies that had the administration's ear the administration did nothing but just as john asked croft to burst aside appeals to make terrorism impurity remains in charge of our effort against terrorism mister cheney who ridicule conservation and price controls which in the end were what save California remains in charge of energy policy and that scares me more than terrorism earlier this week the EPA released to be put confirming what the vast majority of climatologists and every other advanced country government had already concluded human activity is causing global warming and the consequences will be nasty but the EPA did not pose any preventative action instead of talk only about adapting to the changes old hands we call the days of james what the interior secretary back in the 80s when scientists discovered that industrial chemicals were depleting earth protective ozone layer mr. Watson just in the people were a hats sunscreen and dark glasses luckily for the plan he was overruled the US joint other countries and curbing production of ozone depleting chemicals the ozone hole is still growing but disasters at least been postponed no such happy outcome seems likely on global warming after curious pause George W. Bush rejects his own administrations analysis our reddomey port put out by the bureaucrats he sneered clearly this was a replay of what happened early last year when the EPA's Christie Whitman assured the public that mr. Bush would honor his pledge to control carbon dioxide emissions only to be betrayed when the coal and oil industries waited on the subject so the administration learned nothing from the California crisis it still takes its advice from the energy companies that financed its campaigns and made many administration officials including mr. Bush and mr. Cheney rich and it's one thing to reward your friends with subsidies and tax regulation it's something quite different to let them dictate policy on climate change many people believe that the Bush administration at a special window of opportunity on global worrying policies politically it could have been a nicks and goes to china moment mr. Bush could have passed legislation that would have been totally out of reach for a democrat for the more many corporations rightfully eager for guidelines that would allow them to make long-term plans but because the administration continued to listen only to the usual suspects that window of opportunity is closing fast and bear this in mind whatever he imagines Osama bin Laden can't destroy western civilization carbon dioxide can rights Paul Cragman in the New York Times and he is oh absolutely so like I said don't get depressed about it just get pissed off you know yeah and you huh look at the right side it's not get me fired up when I hear someone say that I think you're part I said look on the bright side Michael Skakele got convicted yeah let's hear Michael Skakele got convicted convicted orders his mother the first thing I did was say a prayer well didn't work too good honey 20 till noon is 560 WQM hey all you deli lovers out there you people of your corn be from your pristromy in your kishka or kishki is a kishka kishki Georgian your family kishki here's a great deli man it's a well kept secret by some but you more and more people are finding out about the original brothers restaurant real New York deli's now food and service at its best original brothers have been pining on the corn beat pristromy and scrumptious brisket on thousands of sandwiches since 1976 lots of all soup great kishki the rovers stuff I sure hope they have kishka and and did they bring your food yet or what who the original brothers restaurant no they have not don't you remember scrumptious they want to bring in food and I said sure Georgian Miguel eat it that was the end of that oh that's because I'm not there now the rovers stuff sandwiches so big the two hands just can't even hold it they got the best homemade soups and salads homemade chop liver their hands sliced no one is so good and remind you of the lower east side of like kavanah brothers can even cater next holiday or family gathering a full bakery and take out the apartment as well so when you think of deli you want a fantastic deli a feast think of brothers the original brothers restaurant you can eat and take it out catering corporate functions available as well visit your brothers at 1325 South Powerline Road or column at 954 9658801 until that screw-and-sensual buy 954 96585881 for the original brothers a challenge 2 a m melodia from Elizabeth Taylor the woman who first brought you the fragrance white diamonds I'm back with the central remember for hours Elizabeth Taylor presents white castle the essence of needs and millions and pickles it's a sack of sent you'll never forget Elizabeth Taylor's white castle all my men love white castle under the sheets a fragrance that lingers on and on and on maybe longer than you'd like Elizabeth Taylor's white castle live white castle love white castle eat white castle where white castle from Elizabeth Taylor in six house models or by the sack I'm 44 at five 60s anyway that was Dorothy Moxley at Martha Moxley's mother one of such a parade by the way did letter finish it because I didn't have time she said she prayed for like this to happen other words for skake on you haven't convicted and you got convicted so there you go and also they got John on who is Martha Moxley's brother and they're pretty pretty upbeat now yeah I mean is upbeat as they can be on with the circumstances because Martha still dead you know yeah see it's an old story the audience can't get all excited about even though it's a Kennedy and I don't know that sound like one of the he's like a distant relative what is he's like effles uh nephew second cousin twice removed yeah kiss him cousin something like that but once in a while you got to get somebody convicted that the public doesn't like in an addition which he's such a frumpy nasty chubby pouchy punchy looking guy I mean if he was a good looking young guy will I seem to be convicted will we know even the Kennedy and now that's right even a head of a sexual guys out on speaker that a gay league of their own rights to globe baseball rock by switch hitting scandal and and you're never gonna guess I'll give you a clue who's quoted at length in his so article I'll give you a clue I like that one really yeah the crow Major league baseball is about to be rock by a gigantic gay scandal triggered by the explosive revelation at least half a dozen current players are homosexuals half a dozen right while millions of fans would be shocked to learn the true sexual preference of their favorite diamond stars the existence of homosexual players is well known inside the gay world inside the gay world what do you know that was coming in I couldn't resist I know of at least six major league ball players who are gays is leading commentator on homosexual fans as well as their teammates will be stunned because these guys are good looking macho type athletes to play on a west coast and two more play in New York and believe me they're not alone these are gay there are gay men hiding all over baseball but they're just too afraid to come out and while the vast majority of the 750 major league players are straight so it says here at least a couple of them experts believe a gay scandal could devastate the mega billion dollar business baseball more than seventy five million dollars playing uh... ramsory more than seventy five million paying fans to the big league parts last year with thirty nine million homes tuning into watch the Arizona diamond backs up to the aches and game seven of the world serious last year thank god all this talk is given a phrase boys of summer a new meaning says a baseball insider let's face it a lot of parents would stop taking their children out of the ball game if they knew some of the players on the field were gay it would be absolutely devastated image of the game you believe that that parents would stop taking their kids to the game if they knew some of the players were gay what we were discussing that during the uh... joe and george uh... joe and george show whatever it was and uh... a lot of people said yes and a lot of people couldn't believe it said yes one that parents would stop taking their kids and people would stop going if they found out that their favorite ball player that's a pile of things and that's the whole point that's the whole point of why these people need to come out or be dragged out or something is because then uh... people stop assuming that's just because the guys in some limberate relent first in fact like a gym jay bullock that isn't uh... you know they just don't want to get it i can see why leading mankind actor would be afraid to come out you mean like time crews because the room is image in the movies that's right because it's all about being a great womanizer right difference doesn't make it they still run as fast they still hit yeah but they're taking showers naked with the other guys not to mention and i guarantee that they wouldn't get as nearly as many pets on the west is the begin lately the first explosive hit of the coming scandal blew away new york post column is deal Travis reported that a star player was about to come out of the closet one met star who spends a lot of time with pretty models and clubs is actually gay and it started to think about declaring his sexual orientation Travis wrote his column kicked off a slew of rumors about the identity of the player forced of the met's biggest star Mike piatsu to swiftly deny he was the guy piatsu called a press conference to distinguish smoldering gay rumors i'm not gay to curse piatsu heterosexual you buy it no believe it no i can't i can say i'm heterosexual i date women i don't see a need to address it any further said piatsu piatsu isn't the only player to face the gay issue hunky new york yanky shorts dot direct geter hunky looks like he came from outer space does Miguel agree direct geter looks like he's from outer space out of this world he now he's a strange looking guy he's bizarre anyway hunky new york yanky shorts dot direct geter who wants dressed as a woman for a saturday night live gig also has been the target of false gay rumors during a spectacular eight year career it was to keep up the word false in here just to cover the rest yes despite being romantically linked to famous beauties like singers wait till you hear this you're going to fall on your ass raya carry and joy and week as as well as misuniverse lara dada raya carry also was hot and heavy with louis Miguel yeah piatsu's teammate roverta alamar once engaged to blonde tennis star murry peers also was hit with false gay rumors after he made national news by spitting an empire john herspeck one report strongly denied by baseball official said the second basement became in rage after herspeck called a major regulatory name for homosexuals and of course i think most of us were worth the time up and that had to be what he said when he like spitting her speck's face and everybody became someone dignity just because herspeck probably said get out of here you faggot oh yeah i'm i'm almost positive that's what he said maybe it was like that damn fact i can't stand it something like that and of course when he said it in that tone of voice false gay and uendos also singled out braid the enters in one slug 50 homerons in a season for the orals there are so many rumors about him says former major league on part day of pologne who came out of the closet after reading his 18 year career calling balls and strikes but no real spokesperson insisted Anderson is strictly a ladies man right a spokesman what of what do they expect these people to say can you imagine call up the orial uh... publicity office the public relations office and say hey is braid the enters in effect oh yeah he takes it up the victim meanwhile new york met's manager bobby valentine recently sparked a firestorm account when he said baseball was probably ready for an openly gave player and valentine's boss met general manager steve fills port fuel on the fire when he added they're probably is somebody in every club houses gay war in cromarty all right this is the national exposure for the crow this is the best news i've heard in a hell of a long time how about you but am and me but trove the me but the ball but that's the guy okay war in cromarty a radio talk show host inflore but that's really stretched in the term and former play with a Montreal expose in Kansas City rules tells the globe that many top players have been dog by gay rumors over the years i've heard the rumors about jeter piazza alamar and anderson he says that i've seen those guys out with hot models too even back when i was playing ball the rumors about certain players they included all stars and guys were hanging out at the end of the bench so far only two major league is a stepped up to the plane declared their homosexuality but they did of course after retiring at the big old red blowers in it center field or billibean kept in the secret to the six year career with the tiger's Los Angeles Dodgers and send eagle pod raise and it be now tells globe that their current uh... gay major leaders are choosing to keep their sexual identities ahead and severe resistors yeah maybe they got like limp resistors you think that could be part of their problem i think that might fight just be and of course don't forget if you blow too much near and trouble there are other gay players in baseball being states flat league member billibean no it's common sense that they stay in the closet he says you can imagine what difficulties there be a football player came out it would be like the president announcing his gay blend berk who played the outfield in the late nineteen seventies for the Dodgers and Oakland athletics and nobs is homosexuality in nineteen ninety four a year later he died of AIDS and shock waves ripped into the big leagues last year and you know something this part here of this story i'd forgotten all about yeah it's a shock waves ripped into the big leagues last year when the editor of the nation's largest circulation gay magazine the advocate member of that on the year right disclose that he was sleeping with one of the boys of summer i forgot all about that because night and needles to say there was no response for the past year and a half i've been having an affair with a pro of baseball player from a major league's coast franchise admitted branded women of out and all out magazine not the advocate not as teams biggest star but a very recognizable media figure all the same he said during this time none of my friends has been privy to this liaison it comes concealment that's been awkward at times but nothing in comparison to the maneuvering my ball players had to make he said in maneuvering lemon refused the name is lover and it's no wonder cromarty will he's any player comes out of the closet would be targeted by some fellow athlete to hate homos there's a fraction of ball players i'd say about ten percent of the league who consider themselves to be macho guys and would have a problem with the cromarty says somebody's guys might even try to liberally injure a player by throwing a fastball at their head or spiking them because of that we probably won't see an openly gay player anytime soon says the crow superstar q a n Greg reads uh post personal buddy oh there's uh the defense attorney for Michael skakele nice job there uh niki jomiki sure about this thing some words about this case yeah gentlemen let's hear it thank you my name is Steve skakele my name is David skakele i am Michael's younger brother yeah needless say yes we're very disappointed i had written something months ago in preparation for this day within mine the only verdict i thought possible and i was wrong i would say that fortunately we are a family with a bedrock of fate our faith has been tested today immeasurable Greg him off with their okay's boring guilty the verdict guilty okay pilot feared shoebom suspect had accomplices the flight crew of american airlines flight 63 feared the accused shoebomber Richard Reed was traveling with three accomplices when he allegedly tried to blow up the airplane where you were of that had you ever heard this before not well there you go the crew members also spent the last part of the flight afraid the explosives packed footwear could destroy the plane before was able to land the information comes from three pilots in two flight attendance talking on a training tape distributed by the allied pilot's association the collective bargaining agent for american airlines pilots they do not give their names i heard a screen from the number three flight attendant said one flight 63 was about 30 thousand feet over the Atlantic Ocean December 22 on route from Paris to Miami when witnesses say Reed act began acting strangely Reed was assigned an aisle seat near the middle of the aircraft but he moved to an empty window seat after take off the new seat was posted on the plane's exterior where the bomb could have caused greater damage he tried to light something on fire we didn't really know what it was said one person on the tape the flight attendant told him to put it out and he put it in his mouth another read was overpowered by passengers and crew members but not without a struggle the number three flight attendant ran by me saying he bit me he bit me someone on the apa tape said after read was of due the flight crew became worried that he was acting alone the pilot ran a trace on the seat where the crew thought read was sitting the trace indicated he was traveling as part of a family of four the scenario now is that there are three other people traveling with this man a crew member recalled but despite please from the applied attendance the pilots couldn't find a place to land immediately unfortunately were two hours away from anything closed by over two hours said the pilot American Airlines headquarters later determined that read was traveling alone while read was sedated by a doctor on board the plane the plane was never to deposit and escorted by two f-15s but the crew still feared the explosives inside read shoes I told him up to the front and one of the dumbest things I ever did was call a cop it and say I'm coming in with something remember the pilot on the way in I realized that I smelled the cord I see the burn and I say oh my gosh this is what he was trying to light this is not a shoe it's a bomb the device was then taken to the back of the plane wrapped in blankets and pillows to up absorb a potential explosion we made sure that nobody came near it said a flight attendant of course every time the airplane made a little jolt it was a little disturbing to say at the least I'd like that huh chilling chilling 1157 at five sixty wq a m if all your fat if you disgusting here's the answer for you you like to waste book of the oldest and largest low-carb superstar in town and the official icons die at center nine is a lot different now because splendisk amount and a lot of those died products have dropped those awful you know like multi-tall and the crap at all the sweeters that were bad on your stomach and maybe all day you like to waste book and carries thousands of great time products supplements vitamins die books everything you need to lose the pounds you thought were so hard to get rid of you like so I'll secure the biggest likes to bakery products like pancake mix breads cookies cheesecake brownies muffins and a clears and delights also carries low-carbon sugar free product like pasta sauces ketchup crackers candy champion light chocolate and their famous carbolite ice cream too so if you want to lose the weight in the delicious way head to the lights of west book and try before you buy that's where you can taste anything in the store for free before you buy it the knowledgeable staff at the likes of put you on the right path so call one eight seven what is it one eight seven no one eight seven seven low-carb that or check out low-carb five common a web that's one eight seven seven low-carb either right number I just wasn't giving the right the like delivery in on the sand one eight seven seven low-carb or stop it in the store better yet than you won't have to worry about the right number it's on the northeast corner of glades in four forty one in bokeh be sure to tell that connection simply the fastest turnaround in town this is how it David when I take my fell bean I listen to the nil rajis twelve the one hour that judge because he's stupid coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story we take a good hard stiff look into startup there infectious pop stylings infected us with an infection until we took some antibiotics and the thing for the winter way in a week or so they were to pile people are always asking us where we got the name to pal in this weird interview to pal leads in your carol decker makes the rash assumption that we give a flying f*** about her and her stupid band well to pal was a character on star trek she was a woken high priestess interesting you know confessing that she named her band after a star trek character granted carol decker is such a hopeless geek that it prevented her from getting way during your entire tenure as a famous person it's ironic you know because as you probably know Vulcan has to meet with every seven years or they like explode why no carol you annoying strange person we didn't know that but let me ask you this if the band to pal doesn't have a hit every seven years do they explode too? well I don't know I mean like what are you getting at I mean will he had that one hit and it's been well enough? like he's in gentlemen a little glimpse of what the world would be like if TV show announcers had all the power it's a big juicy shopping went like a show business tonight on inside the blind what is some heavy duty stuff he just facts me to the about the sqr article yeah I'm gonna have to go on bias where no oh and where did this thing come from from the promise keepers where we went to their website compelled by the ad yeah and Miguel found that hey Adam we were an asshole baby uh and goes to show you that the hidden asshole is the most dangerous one the one that convinces you oh you know harmless he's a good guy he's not like the other guys he's not spastic like most of our other salespeople and then it comes up with his piece of crap eh seven promises from the promise keepers number one promise keepers committed to wandering Jesus Christ to worship prayer and obedience to God's word in the power of the Holy Spirit and it goes on. I don't want to waste my time with it oh speak of that judge omish sec must use triangles Evansburg pencilvania a judge has ruled that an ultra conservative omish congregation must use orange and red reflective triangles on their buggy despite arguments by the group that gotty decorations violate their beliefs it's not a decoration asshole. Good laughty it's too gotty. 20 members of the swarts in truber omish sec who live about 65 miles from Pittsburgh were hit yesterday with 27 fines of 95 dollars each for failing to use the slow moving vehicle symbol on roadways. Donna doblek the Pittsburgh attorney represented the omish for the aciu central appeal of running the Pennsylvania Supreme Court the fines were suspended until the appeal is heard. Instead of the triangles the swarts in truber prefer to use a grave reflective tape and a landed on the rear of their buggy's gray or white reflective tape is legal in nine states for use on slow moving vehicles including Ohio were the sec lived until two years ago. We're disappointed it's hard to understand how a nine states they can make to be requested accommodation for the omish but in Pennsylvania the cradle of religious liberty they can't respect the omish's beliefs said wick wallcares, zack whatever his name is executive director the Pittsburgh branch of the aciu. Can we account a judge Timothy Cranie rule that Pennsylvania can abridged these swarts and truber's religious place because it is a compelling interest namely keeping the omish another vehicles safe on public roads. Cranie relied on testimony given last month by state transportation experts who said that triangles are more visible than tape during the day once the statistic show about 61% of all vehicle buggy accidents occur. God you sure want to be in a buggy accident do you? No sounds buggy. Don't let's said those statistics don't prevent anything over because they don't show how the accident is a quarter who is at fault. There's no evidence that any of those crashes could have been prevented by bathing the vehicle in colors you said. Oh that sounds like a fun thing though let's bathe our vehicle in color. What color? I'm listening that you just facts me I sure hope this is pretty interesting this stuff from Esquire magazine. It says in an amazingly candid and startling piece in the Cranesquire the Pulitzer Prize winning writer Ron Susskine is torn away the curtain at the Bush White House and shown just how Fony and scary the Bush regime actually is. Washington political observers caught off guard by Susskines ability to get it to the truth are a goga theoretical which some have compared to David Stockman's revelations 20 years ago about how economics was a fraud. The New York Times has even seen fit to print a partial summary of Susskines article though with some of the more just though without some of the more disturbing details. Susskines article started out as a profile of Cranes Hughes in the middle of Susskines reporting of the story. Cranes announced a resignation which might have been a bad setback for Susskines but the resourceful Susskines went on to report the real react in the White House to Cranes departure and in the process pierced the shroud of secrecy that protects the Bush White House from being seen for what it really is a bitterly driven PR operation propging up a mindless boy king. Remember sky king? No. Now we got boy king. A few of the revelations in the article Bush chief of Steph Andy Card tells us square that with Cranes who's the departure the whole balance of the White House which he had been desperately maintaining between Carl Roe and Cranes now upset everything that had worked is now gone with Cranes and Texas Carl and the wing nuts are now virtually in charge of the executive branch. Bush media adviser Mark McKinnon reveals that Cranes usually makes or until she departed made one out of every five presidential decisions. Bush communications director Dan Bartlett said that Cranes usually manufactures George W. Bush. Don't believe us? Well then here are some direct quotes. Andrew Card. The key balance around here has been between Cranes and Carl Roe. That's what I've been doing from the start of this administration. Standing on the middle of the seesaw with Cranes on one side Carl on the other trying to keep it in balance. One of them just jumped off. I'll need designies. People trusted by the president that I can elevate for various needs to balance against Carl. Card then takes off a few names like Tucker S. U. Dan Bartlett, Murray Madeline, Ari Fleischer, speechwriter Michael Gerson. They're going to have to really step it up and it won't be easy. Carl is a formidable adversary. Mark McKinnon is quoted as saying, President Bush often says the most striking difference between being governor and president is the volume of decision making. There are 100 decisions he has to make every day big decisions with lot writing on each one so he'll give 20 of them to Cranes to make. He trusts her completely. He trusts her here like he trusts no one. Dan Bartlett, she, Hughes, can literally manufacture him Bush. The only one who can do it. She knows how he talks, but also knows how he thinks it's like their one person. Over time people have better understood that if you have an idea, a proposal, Cranes better like it or not or you won't have any chance of any event. And it goes on. See you better by the new S. Guarge Lai issue, S. Guar magazine and read all about it. Remember that little newsboy you say read all about it? You don't remember that, do you? On the underdog carton? Just like that little Johnny, they used to say, call for Philip Morris speaking to cigarettes before your time. Hey, the good news is for you poor people who's in the Russian market, the good news is very quietly here. It's making a little bit of a comeback. That good? I'm ecstatic. The dial that was down well over 100 points is not only down 58 and the Nasdaq that was down like over 50 points is now only down 29. Chris is a long way to go. I just mentioned that in passing. Try to see it won't commit suicide. Oh, look at that. There's Mark Furman. Bring up the crime. They created virtually all the evidence. What didn't come from Michael's mouth was created by his family, sending him to a lawn hiring the set associate. Oh, it was a very lame attempt to cover up a murder wood. In fact, what it did is this gave us the evidence and it gave us. That's right. He wrote that book, murder and grenadier about the escape case. Did you know that? I didn't. And that inspired me. I think I'm going to go one by that today. Mark Furman, come to the fight out that Furman's not a bad guy after all, you know what? That was just sick. No, I mean, just because he said, nigger, I mean, you say nigger. Nigger, please. And black people say nigger. Everybody says nigger. And the idea that they made to end, of course, that comes from this Prissy phony, goody, two shoes facade, the demircon public is in this childish aura under which we have to live. Do one thing in private, then pretend in public, you're a whole different person. Oh, nobody says that. The end word. Celebrity spills out. China says joy but a fucco is a fat piece of garbage and a chicken too. How do you like that? Oh, I see. I'm not only reading part of I knew it didn't make too much sense. I did it. Oh, celebrity slugfest spills off out of a TV ring. Well, it's the same thing. Former per wrestling sex pot China, you know, China? Yes. God are about kick by infamous teen seduce or joy but a fucco in a celebrity boxing match. And now she's beating up in him outside the ring. He's nothing but a fat piece of garbage. China who now goes by her real name, Johnny Lore, the blasted to a friend. If he's made enough to face me in a wrestling ring, I'll drop him so fast his big head won't stop spinning. The China about a fucco slugfest was the featured bout on Fox Network celebrity boxing too special. China 30 was a late replacement stepping in after but a fucco skids were opponent. John Wayne Bobba was arrested for allegedly beating his new wife. I, you know, you'd be in a bad mood all the time too. Somebody cut off your shalom. The 51125 pound but a fucco fighting as the gladiator easily handled better condition but smaller China, he gained notoriety in 1992 when his jealous 17 year old lover, Long Island, Lida Amy Fisher, shot his wife, Murray Joe in the hand. At least he did his own fighting this time, China said he's supported a black eye after the match but that's the last time I'll let that piece of road kill push me around. He didn't fight fairly when we boxed and he wouldn't be able to defend himself at all if we ever had to wrestle. How do you like that good stuff, baby? Excellent stuff. Can't wait for that re-match. In fact, we got George is going to be wrestling somebody on celebrity wrestling. I can't mention the name. I think that would get a 90 share and soft float anyway. Probably get a 99 share. 370 9 votes on our survey and I'll say it again. RJ Reynolds tobacco companies being fined by the government. $25 million because they're they're still marketing to teenagers. Marketing faggot cigarettes. So we asked today what do you smoke? I don't smoke anything 130 34% of the audience. They are pristine man. Their lungs are as clear. Hear that? Better in mind. Pot. 64 people in the audience smoking pot and about half of them by and it from George cigarettes and pot 42. I used to smoke cigarettes but quit 37. cigars 36. 5 whatever it says. They're 35 cigars and pot 24. I used to smoke pot. But on I see look at that typo on it. I used to smoke pot but quit. But quit quit Eric. Yeah, he smokes at quick. Just in case there's an knock on the door. Not that quick but quit you idiot. The 22. I used to smoke cigars but quit five. But at Eric. What a what a clown. Like that. You wait but quick. Yeah, light up a quick. 12 13 already at 5 60 WC. We got the mad dog coming up from Hooray's today at one o'clock. And we got any k for Hank this afternoon. Some are times here man. You can walk outside. If I just don't put up the window crack at the little bit and man your clothes are real fast because it is smolering out there. You could fryer exon your wrist if you walk outside. But only a man is a part of the little help you feel your best and keep you in good health and fight us out photos of pressive heat and humidity. Only a man's a soft gel caps love contains the best olive oil money can buy along with vitamins and minerals and urbals too. But promoting health for all different aspects of your body. There's a product for your prostate. There's one for your heart for your blood pressure and cholesterol. Only mys also got supplements. It's grown health in your circulatory system. You digest an adequate system. You're skin and bones and even your nimble mind. I'll use the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil and only a man's got products for men and ladies too. Only a man's available more more stores all the time because more and more people keep asking for it. You'll find it at Walgreens. Whole food markets, Navarro pharmacy insinormous as well. It's a stupidest exciting new product. It's good for you. If you'd like to find out more about what it does, just call them toll free and act away. Call 1-866-O-U-M-E-D. Or their products run on their website at O-M-E-D. Livin' local. It's like a permanent有點. You so Hornie I'm just a veryậ stakeholders. I just wanted to takeonto the A very horny candidate he can't We live extraordinarily privileged lives We spoil our kids And she'd order wives We all went drinking at a cocktail bar Met a few girls, pet girls, their home in the car We're just very horny candidate he can't We're very horny candidate Very horny candidate Unbelievable One dress you get away, I changed her to the horn She used some two chips too, it made me so hard Uncle, it's the fair, women's been still We're outside the wall These guys are come, found we're just very horny candidate he can't We're just very horny candidate Michael Staples found guilty of the murder of Marks Like Chris Etz and Old Skoro was about 90 years ago That happened something like that What about Freaking Time? Yeah, better late than never, that's what we say Let's hear it Oh, this is a great thing, you just facts me from CNN It is great ABC says it ended the word Jesus out of a recent broadcast So viewers wouldn't be offended for many had the opposite effect Jesus Christ The bleep Jesus on the view has drawn the eye of the Reverend Jerry Falwell Some conservative media watched, dogs and even the women whose onaire conversation was altered It's a political correctness run a mox It Elizabeth Swazie, spokeswoman for the Media Research Center On the May 23rd edition of the view, which is a horrible show by the way Memorodoth Vira noticed that the daily weigh-ins of her dieting Co-host joyed be hard-headed Yes, and thank you. Thank you. Jesus is all I have to say be hard-replay Now that now the fact that Ah It just makes you want to leave that on a flooring give up, you know The fact that there's even such a thing She said yes, and thank you. Thank you. Jesus is all I have to say be hard-replay That's a big deal Her words were alive in much of the country But when ABC broadcasted tape version of the show on the west coast The word Jesus was edited out Jesus Christ ABC spokeswoman Julie Hover said ABC spokeswoman Julie Hover said she'd the use ran a follow-up pretty clear standard The network has no problem with Jesus's name if it's used in a prayerful and respectful manner she said ABC's Peter Jennings anchored a highly-weighted news special a ridiculous piece of fiction Called the search for Jesus in July of 2000 But ABC does not allow Jesus name to be used in an exclamation like Jesus Christ like that Under the circumstances We were concerned it would be offensive to our audience who were sent The incident comes at a time broadcast using general are pushing the boundaries of language and content Content content Explodes really out on the networks were used this year for instance on a main ER episode in NBC And on CBS Mart's special using video from inside the world trade center ABC's broadcast of a race of Victoria secret fashion special Remember prompted complaints of the FCC which ruled that it did not violate in the season So they have no problem with showing like almost teets and ass that's okay, but Jesus they got a problem with I think everybody ought to call up ABC and say you got a problem with Jesus? Five days after they be hard incident hosted the few noted they received about a hundred letters are complaint It was stupid to beat that stupid co-hostar Joan said They let us say all kinds of things on TV, but they beat about Jesus that makes no sense to me at all Jesus Christ Fallball in the newspaper comes that he believed ABC's action was wrong What makes it worse he said is that many cable TV networks are habitually blasphemous God dammit Conservative Catholics and evangelical Christians are expected to accept this double standard and keep our mouth shut He said Hey, you know, he ought to keep his damn mouth shut maybe my losing answer to piece of crap piece of walking turd Are you a sports fans out there in other lifeless holes and people just want to take a prick a peek at the reen and see if she's really as ridiculous and useless as we say And she is in does anybody know what she does at this place? Nothing We said Chase McGill around up and down the hallway and then running around And that's see that's the deal if you'd like to finally put out for her she'd stop chasing all around town Put you a cine out on errands Hey sports fans join a gym ad of managed library cast at Hoorst in the in-temperately pines That's not the one she's gonna be at is it the one no? Yes, yes, yes Well, that's right because that's the one McGill is not gonna be at and see now we know why he's not going there because the reen's gonna be there Pines in university one to three that's where the mad dogs doing the show Q and prize betool be there along with the reen all kinds of crappy giveaway stuff that we couldn't give away And any homeless people wouldn't take it and you can register when dinner for two with a Florida Marlins off you look Kevin Malar And then then the peace on the a resistance look for the Q and van from five to seven at the Davy ale house on the southeast corner of 595 And university drive stop by for prizes specials on my target lemonade. It is really hard That's five to seven with McGill at the Davy house this afternoon and trust me the reen will not be there And if she is gonna be there McGill will leave Can we count on that? Well, that's right. I'm sorry you gotta keep your mouth shut Oh, yeah, it would be really stupid if he said anything about that. That would just not be good move Anyway, can I get back to my show now? I feel like I've been diverted for my opponent rounds, but that was a pretty interesting thing. We are about Jesus. Yeah, a Paula crap. That was for a gulf. Thank you very much Back to you boy testifies on capital Hill. Did you see about this? Nope. And this asshole man the one at the senator George Voynevich Republican of Ohio by boy cut it He's sick and tired of all these celebrities coming forward and testify Kevin Richardson of the back street boy shared his concerns about a coal mining practice with a Senate panel yesterday And one lawmaker said she would accept the singers offer of an aerial tour to see the environmental effect When I move back home to Kentucky to raise a family on my farm. I want my kids to be able to fish and swim in the same place I grew up said Richardson Who has an environmental group called just within reach? Oh, did you mention about Nick Carter going out on his own by the way and got an album coming out? I didn't mention it while he is. And he will. That's the means leaving the group, but he's also doing his own stuff. Is that okay? With me, yeah. He testified this is not a Nick did not testify. Somehow I can't envision that. Kevin Richardson testified about mountain top mining a practice in which the top of a bridge are mountainous sheared off to expose a coal scene Dirt and rock waste is then pushed into nearby valleys and waterways critics say the bush administration is undercutting environmental laws with a rule encouraging such mining I'm not a scientist, but I know what I've seen in flights over coal fields Richardson told a Senate Environment and Public Works subcommittee Invited members to join them on a flight to see the areas themselves and Senator Hillary Clinton, Democrat New York said she'd accept his offer I guarantee she's got his hand on his large void of it who's over the last so we're public in a bull-highl. What kind of the hearing to protest the recent parade of celebrities to Capitol Hill, which is included Julia Roberts and Christie Brinkley? It's unfortunate that he's not here. I could have taught him something which is the Senate of course did not immediately return any messages And you want to know why he didn't return any messages? He's an asshole. That's why such muck Senator George Voynevich 26 pass new and 5 став And he's out of this decline. Yay! Hey, look at your ex. We got a lens. We swam in a game. We look like a canjeter designer. We sing like a butcher for you. We're hiding our neighbors. Uncle's straight. Our agency says we gotta say. We swam in a game. Our biggest fans are 12 year old girls. Who think we're as cute as can be. Yeah. But as they get older, they all figured out. We're hiding our latency. One thing is for sure we get. Let me go. We do. We do. We do. We do. We're so close. We're the delicate cycle. We're talking to the other. So she will just hide. I know. But today we think that we have better say. We say we're not gay. I swear we're not gay. Pufferly to the 560 WM New Orleans. Brotherly under FBI probably. This is a Starbucks talking about before from News Day. Okay. At a time when we got all these scandals going on. The FBI didn't know this and didn't connect the dots. The dots and the CIA didn't tell on this and the INS and all the other crap. This is just again. nauseating. The board tell was in a white Victorian house on a shady boulevard near a press material in church in miles from Burban Street strip clubs. The man in the man in the green dark green alert. Call time range. We got a green one. The man in the man with help from her mother. The man in his daughter worked as a prostitute prosecutor. Say New Orleans blue blood bankers. White chulor has business been in a former pro football player. We're going to be among those who paid hundreds of dollars for our long-traced with women. We're going to be a phone in from New York Miami and elsewhere. With its French Quarter cat houses and the legendary celebrated in-song house of the rising sun. Why hate the way they wrote this? Celebrated in-song house of the rising sun. The world is as long had a rich reputation for adopting sins of the flesh. But in this case, what went on behind the curtains of the house of Il Reputon Canal Street. They came known through an extraordinary six month wire tap investigation by the FBI. The case in the federal have raised questions and fuel gossip and debate from here to capital Hill. Among the questions, why are the FBI and the West Justice Department investigating the Louisiana skin trade? If the prostitutes face federal charges, why aren't their customers being prosecuted? And will the customers who prosecute or say are among the cities he leaps ever be identified publicly? This case is a real hot potato. I've been practicing law here for 35 years and I don't remember anything like it said. Arthur A. Buddy Lemon the Turd. A New Orleans Defense Law. How's it going, Buddy? The FBI began investigating the knock-in-shop brothel after a Louisiana doctor accused of insurance fraud. Said he spent more than 300 grand at the boardello from 1994-1998. He must have one, however good time, you know what? Must have. Man. Dr. Howard Lyfton played a guilty defraud to greet a cooperate with the FBI. I was investigation ran from April 2001 through September. Investigators said the house was the center of a nationwide prostitution ring without post in nine cities which meant the operation cross-day lines and thereby constitute a federal case. Now I'd like to interject this if I can when we had a prostitution ring in Dave County, while documented run by police. Where underage girls, at least in this one there's no minors involved, but I want to Dave County involved only underage girls, minors. We're being used as prostitutes and law enforcement people from all from every agency in Dave County where the customers of this ring. We did bring in the FBI what we did was we swept out of the carpet and nobody wanted to talk about it. Except yours truly and we still never got any information. And they gave a couple of cops to their slap on a wrist and that was the end of that. I just mentioned that in passing. Investigators said the house was the center of a nationwide prostitution ring without post in nine cities which meant the operation cross-day lines and thereby constitute a federal case. So don't say it'll make a federal case out of it. We're not only talking about high-priced call girls, we're talking about a house of ill-appuening each city acting in West Attorney Jim Lutton said. Tonight Mayor, the 43-year-old man, was invited in March along with her mother daughter and brother people on federal charges ranging from racketeering to selling marijuana. Oh, god. Mayor and her mother Tommy Taylor 62 admitted to running the brothel until he guilty to prostitution conspiracy. They had a whole TV show on this. Did you see it? Talk to about it? I missed that one, remember? Get with it. Some wondered though why the FBI and federal prosecutors were so interested in prostitution to crime-normal and left at the local district attorney. Especially when you think that they got bigger fish to fry, maybe with their manpower, with their limited resources? This case is not my barker. This is not major criminal activity said Harry Rosenberg, a former federal prosecutor. I think the public normally expects the federal government to be interested in bigger things, bigger things on Tuesday and Washington Senate Majority of the year Tom Dacheles cited the New Orleans investigation arguing that the FBI ought to cooperate with lawmakers looking into intelligence faders before the 9-11 terrorist attacks. If the FBI can spend resources investigating whether there's press to the prostitute in New Orleans, the ought to be able to find the resources to investigate what happened in this country prior to 9-11 he said. No one, however, is used resources to prosecute the brothel's clients, even though the man am offered to identify them. Letten the city can't prosecute the men because there's no federal law against paying someone for sex. Did you know that? No, I did not. He offered his evidence to district attorney Harry Connick, whose music we can't stand by the way, whose office periodically prosecutes hookers. But Connick, the client, the offer this week insisting it's a federal case, started by the FBI and it's up to the feds to finish the job. Letten and Connick's refusal to go after the customer's speculation at the men are being protected from embarrassment. These are probably some very prominent men who have been given political contributions to early in lawyer William Rittenberg said some of his customers are still worried though. Vinnie Mosque, Mayor of Mayor's lawyer said several of us heard a keep their name secret. People have called up to lobby her on the phone Mosque and probably still better like brown envelopes and brown paper sex to keep their name intact. So I'd be like that at a time when you work in public is becoming increasingly not skeptical, but pissed off and fired up. Well, that's a theory of threat. I think you're pardon? Proseitution. Oh, that's right. It's a plus. Plus you also had the marriage we need. Don't forget that she had the wicked wacky we yeah. It's right. I mean, we gotta keep our senses about this. We gotta be smart like the president. We gotta if that reformed this it's in. God only knows. What kind of crap's gonna be going on this country? We gotta keep our eyes out because we got like the orange alert today. Was it the yellow one? What is it today, Amber? Pius? Pius alert today. Oh, that's for my flam, the fuselage. 22 till 1 is 560 or suspicious station queue. It's Friday, you best. Oh, hello, Neil. It's Greg. I do forgive me for being so far. It's allowing myself to call you, but I just had to ask you. Can I please fire George? Look at you, I have no idea that kid puts off Peter in Moeswig. The candy slash of tires on my cattle. Go in the trail. Go in the trail. All the trail. Oh, the house. Reading with the ocean. The fire, George. I want to fetch him. I'm the door. I want to kick him with my Gucci shoe. Oh, God. Where is the station? For a cell to lock the space in. Personnel, let me permission. From that back gate you. I'm the very best. I find six-tock boardets. For a newborn's tall. I like that. It's red lights, for both those which count. For time, the story. The glory. I dream of Ricky Williams and a dress. Reading with the ocean. Drive the paint with the last hair. Snip in. Stored the paint with the position. Playing sportful. Spend their lives. And swear to each other. Come on. Hey, Craig. I was George's young today. We talked about women like he does every day. Talk about women. What are they? What are they not as exciting as sport-hole fakes. Reading with the ocean. Sport assholes. Where they can kiss and pose bra more. Can't get from the oceans and ate George go away. So I sat by being in Gucci shoes. And they've got nice and they refuse. At least at least spent him. Four. Oh, a jay! No. 1245 at 560 WCOM. This is great stuff. This Josie Lambe thing you just backed up with is a stericler. This is one of the all-time best. Gossip commas are good old bald headed friend Josie Lambe. Remember him from the Sun Sentinel? No, well we do. Josie's written plenty about people behaving badly. But the former Sun Sentinel got some singer told journalists in the speech last weekend in the fall of the day before Lauderdale that the bad behavior in the major leagues of dish has been much more a very amorally unsettling even in him. The major leagues of dish. The Belgian-born land beat left the Sun Sentinel. He would go for much higher paying job with the first classic Spence Account at the star. A supermarket tabloid owned by Boko Raton based American Media Inc. Which we love. We love all the tabloids on the show now. CEO David Pecker hired him. He says after that's his name. Of course, it's interesting when you find out what this story is about. It all kind of like fits in, so to speak. CEO David Pecker hired him. He says after he wrote about an incident which Pecker's black core vet was keyed in the company Parking Lot of Pecker suspected employees. The shiny dome land beat told his fascinating audience at the National Writers Conference that his first six months of the tabloid were a hell because he didn't like the people developing sources in the New York LA or Las Vegas celebrity access was tough and Fiat agents cut him off when it rewrote unfavorably about any other clients. At first, land beat was an easy about paying sources for information and absolute no-no and regular journalism. He was offering people thousands of dollars to feed him dirt about their friends, associates, siblings, lovers, spouses and children, and they were taken a money. I hate to use unnamed sources land beats, but readers wouldn't want to know that the sister of their favorite actor was writing him out for money. He's gotten over his own queasiness about buying information, and now we're just mainstream US news organizations to give up their hypocritical scruples. But the column of the saves is harshest contempt for Los Angeles law firms that specialize and try to scare tabloid reporters out of writing negative pieces about their clients. Recently, land beats said a lawyer wrote an eight page letter warning him not to denigrate the size of actor Greg Keneer's penis. Is that how he pronounces name? Yeah. Who is he? Don't know. Oh, after Greg Keneer's penis. Keneer was set to play a nude orgy scene with actor Willem de Foe. And an actress in the new martenskorsazie film, but according to land beats, sources, Keneer felt thoroughly outclassed when de Foe repeatedly the best in doubt actor in Hollywood, dropped his shorts and unveiled his equipment. The lawyers led a definitive comparative size of Keneer's organ land beats. The star ran the story anyway, but saw him. The story was not a joke. But he was a real man. The lawyer said he was a lawyer. The comparative size of Keneer's organ land beats said the star ran the story anyway, but saw him into the little and the story too. Eight pages for something as puny as that land beats said. How do you like that? They saw him to just a little bit. Yeah, see? I'm about half. Here's a pissed off softload of driver who faxes the sentences I'm burying I'm buying. WWEW get out of the road dot com today. It'll be putting up pictures videos and sounds of my friends and I harassing the homeless voice legally. Of course, keep an eye on it. WWEW dot get out of the road dot com. Nice answer. Says headlain my horn this afternoon to get one of these assholes out of the Elaine because she was talking to the car next to me. The light was green. I gave her the finger then she punched my hood. So I took the pepper spray off my wife's keychain. Did he you turn for a drive by pepper spray? God or square in the pussy she came at the car again. She did it in my hood and I'm going to sue these assholes for all the penny rules I can get. Thanks pissed off softloaded driver. How do you like that? I like it a lot. I'm going to go to the toilet. The homeless voice continued terrorizing the public all over Sanfada and the law enforcement authorities want to go to a guy there and think about it. And by the way, the Brown County Chamber of Commerce is a bogus organization. It's totally a fraud. I mean, it's legally registered all of that, but it's got nothing to do with really being a chamber commerce. It's that religious whacko. What's that guy's name again? Lawrence Zolnowski. Yeah, it's a company. It's not a real chamber commerce. It's a freaking company. Anyway, WWEW get out of the road dot com today. Mother's scratchers. God. What is it? Is it ever going to end? No. Asoles and Oran suits. It's not bad enough. You got the worst driving in a history of mankind all over the place. You got people like we never got an update on that story about the 89 year old guy. No. That killed a four year old kid and hit the accelerator of his Duke and who instead of the break and ran into a whole bunch of people. And this is his fifth incident like in the last few years. 89. This is a M790. It's a 30. A series of sports real life. She weigh M. Real life. Yeah. Yeah. I don't need a friend. I call him see. Will not kill when you're at. Yeah. We've got a surprise when she's by our side. We can't go to see. It's a legal drug that could be shown. But no, no, no. I will see. God made the thrill. The glorious springing. The whole Canada's place has passed. The whole Canada's place has passed. 255 at 560 WQM are pulled today. What do you smoke? What do you smoke? You must be smoking something because I took calls money to Wednesday down there and believe me. Most of those people were smoking. Spoken the ragweed. Anyway, don't smoke anything. 143 33. One third of this audience. Totally one third. Don't smoke anything. Good for that one. Let's give it around. Okay. Keep those lungs healthy. Keep everything in good shape. I mean, just, you know, just comment says. You don't put something in your mouth and then like set it on fire. Only idiots like me. It smokes a stogi. You know, and I mean, you got to be a moron to be like, and all that stuff is going up into your, oh, 74 smoke pot 17.1%. SIGARATS AND POT. Another 48, 11.1%. SIGARATS AND nothing like up to good stogi though. You know, how do I care what I just said? SIGARATS 42. I used to smoke cigarettes but quit 40. SIGARATS AND POT. 27. Just like Algoldstein. Maybe someday you'll grow up to be like Algoldstein. If he keeps smoking cigars in pot. And you want. Yeah. And eat a lot and wind up in jail. Do we ever get any more updates on? No. I used to smoke pot but quit 26 cigarettes 26 and I used to smoke cigars but quit six. See, see what I mean about that. And I bet you're one of those was Pat Quinn. Wait till you hear this, you know the rock. I know the rock. Even you know the rock. The rock's done. I died. And you know, I'm looking at this and I'm thinking to myself maybe this makes sense. He downs 18 of mid a time but don't not over react to that. Scorpion King star the rock loves dunking donuts so much. He sucks down 18 of Minnesota. Oh, it does have bad taste. I got to understand 18 crispy creams but 18 dunking donuts. The WWE F wrestling superstar whose real name is Duane Johnson is six foot five. Always 280 pounds but he keeps fit as a fiddle by eating healthy food six days a week and going nuts on the seventh day. I was thinking of my own like variation on that, you know. Like maybe eating crap six days a week and going a doing good one day a week. Anyway, on the seventh day is when he lets his sweet tooth run wild after he fills up on a dozen and a half donuts he goes straight to other sugary goodies. It says I can switch to chocolate cake then the blueberry cakes is the 30 year old actor. My rule for the seventh day is treat yourself don't cheat yourself. What do you think about that, huh? I don't know if it works for him although he looks out constantly. Maybe he's just got good jeans. Florida and you know something the sad part of it is I'm pretty proud of myself because not wasting time when any stupid phone calls. We had only one phone call today. It was a great one because it was from Dave Johnson and I picked more emblem and he picked what? What do you pick? He picked Sunday break with Gary Stevens. And you picked what? The one that he had picked previously. proud citizen proud citizen. Okay. I'm picking more emblem in the day. I'm Belmont tomorrow because I want to see triple crown winner because we need a chance.