Okay, check it out. Evan, I stayed paradise everybody on QA. Thank you very much. This is South Florida's only real 48-year-old. WDQA, I'm going to be 4-lutter now. Oh, there's a boy in his group station. WDQAM.com. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Things and his delivery that he was able to work with to make him better. Well, Dan, they've done a terrific job with him. They're patient. They're not looking for him to be an overnight star. He's learning to go through his, his reads patiently. And, you know, he's such a threat back there anyway. And they just, they don't want to make it where he has to make a big play every down. It sounds like a real party. Yeah. It's 9 o'clock on a Sunday night. And I'm going to watch HBO. There's some dumb show about a funeral home. Where the Tony and Big Pussy Go. I've had to wait over a year and a half to see if that Russian guy's dead. But when I turn on the tune, I'm sure getting screwed. Because they're showing all this instead. Gumbagunbarara. Gumbara. When they have a artist's apparel's man, I've waited too long for this thing. I want to see Holly and Sylvia on in the back room of the fight of him. It's been so long since the last episode. There's so many things I forgot. Dip on and get whack. It's furious, smoking crack. And the Tony still say of us to God. So I'll pick up some latest TV guys. And that's when I start feeling fine. Think God HBO's bringing thoughts to day goes. Each and every Sunday and nine. All right. Oh, it's season 4 of the surprise. I know three hours of time. If I had to wait even one second more, I'd have my cable guy to whack and take a bite. So, Bob, we're getting tired, right? I know three hours a week at a time. I'm not hearing a nickel, am I? Yes, I am. Do you hear that? No, I don't hear it. I hear it. And all of a sudden I went away again. I'm telling you something. Let's hear it for all the technical, let's put a memo out of the technical competence at QAM. Let's tweak each Tuesday. I see. Yeah, we're tweaking it. Okay, because we haven't done this for what? We can have something like that. Right. Anyway, who are you guys on the way to the airport? Who are you guys? Good guy. He's our only hope in the engineering department. Because the other guys are like, let me look at that. But that's okay. We don't want to pick on that yet. Do we? Sure. Why not? Sounds pretty good to me. Okay. How's your time? You sound fine? You hear me fine? I hear you gray. Okay. I don't know. But before I do that, let me thank Sean and Holly Wood or chronic Factor. Remember where I last, what was it? Friday? Okay. Whatever the hell day it was. It's probably end of the week. And he facts me a thing. I was talking about my Mercedes. My ailment, do you hear? In my Mercedes and my left elbow. And he said, ice. And the whole thing. You know, and of course, not listening to him being a heart ass like I am. I just continued first of all. I'm smirming this flex all on there, which has kind of like been gay. And I'm not doing any ice. And it's not helping at all. And it's just going on. So at 830, I figured, what the hell have I got to lose? Because I look on the internet under elbow, Mercedes. And every one of the recommendations is there is ice. Ice. Ice. Not hot. Ice. So I go in my beautiful refrigerator and get out my not not crushed, but the cube ice. I don't want to rub it in George has an old fashioned refrigerator. One of those ice boxes where the ice man has to come. You don't remember that. Do you? No. Four year time. The ice man used to come, scored scored and he'd have like a big, what do you call it? Like almost like a huge such a big call as tongs. Like gigantic, like gigantic tongs. He had a big, a tongue. And he would bring a block of ice and you'd put him in your ice box. That's what kept everything cold. Is that pathetic or what? And the milk man. And the milk man used to come, scored scored. Everybody was coming and leave like a thing on your doorstep. Used to leave a bunch of milk. And it would sit out there and get curled. And then you take it in. Anyway, so I get my ice and I put it in a towel, make me a makeshift ice pack. And for 15 minutes I said here, and of course I haven't given you the report yet. No. It's a freaking miracle. Oh, yeah. I'm bending it. I'm twisting it. I'm like, and the elbow too. How do you like that? So if I were to just listen to one of our astute listeners out there, but of course my usual, my usual inclination is if it's one of our listeners. You know, but it was Sean and Holly. What it seems to have is a head on straight. So thanks a lot, Sean. And what was I saying about the sopranos? Oh, bad news. Bad news for you. Wow, I mean, not that you care. I growl that you do care. So it was on last night. A repeat. I'm sure it was because you got to start September 17th. You can't tell me the little. So it was, who knows what it was. Okay, it was the soprano. And I kept catching right in the beginning. And I thought, okay, here it is. I got a full hour. I've got nothing to do here. It's just, you know, laying back. I'll watch it. Now you can't come in in the middle. I didn't come in the middle. I said I started right in the beginning. No, it's a soap opera. You got to keep in the first episode. I want soap opera. I want soap opera. I want soap opera. Yeah. It was pathetic. Okay. So I'm channel surfing. I'm watching my racing from Mohawk. And I come back later. Ron, here's like the last five minutes. And I watch it again. Offel. Just awful. Okay. Was the one where he's like the uncle has had a heart attack or something is in a hospital he dies. And then he's making a no duck. He didn't die. He didn't die. And whatever to hell happen he makes a new cop-o and are you going to have a drink with me or not? No, and he gets up and walks up. I mean, it was just pathetic. And I'm beginning to understand that you and most of the people like that you're only like it because of the language. Because there's a lot of form of words. No. That's got to be it. No. You have to see it from the beginning. It's a soap opera. You don't have to. You see it from the beginning. That's like my saying to you. Oh, you got to watch patients from the beginning. You get an EV degree right in into it. Well, you can watch this because it's on DVD. By the way, I didn't really like it. I had a really nice tribute to a little Timmy last week on the episodes when Julian found out that Timmy was dead and he got all been out of shame. Actually, a Tyrannys eye. Hostled Julian. And so they showed the flashback of I was it was a very nice tribute. I still can't believe that he's dead, you know. Why not? The show has got you so conditioned and believe him that everybody who dies comes back. Very traumatic episode today, by the way. Very traumatic episode on a passion to be sure and watch it. 321 votes on George's holiday. Poor yesterday and George deserves high marks for coming in yesterday. We had that air for four hours. I think we did anyway because we're not playing the best of tapes ever again. Are we? No. Unless we're absolutely pressed into service. Never again. And so George comes in on a holiday on Labor Day, no less, which no other show had like one of the regular people on. Morning, show. Now don't tell me it was fat Josh Friedman was on there yesterday. On the morning show note was the beast. Well, that's right. And a lot of beast. The fat beast. He was on there. He was, he heard about like 30 seconds. He sounded okay. All the way screams a lot. He shouts. And then you were on. And we know. What's there to say about that? And then who was on the afternoon? Josh Friedman. First we had a baseball game. Then we had Josh Friedman. Right. Oh, that's when I heard him yesterday. Actually, you know, he doesn't have a bad voice. So his voice is fine. He's got a body interface for radio, which is why he shouldn't have been on MSNBC last week. Everybody in a building was like playing grass with each other. They were like rolling on the floor laughing. So anyway, sopranos is a week. And I'm not going to go out and buy the DVD. Hey, if you like it, you have a lot of company out there. Okay, of course, a lot of people love Oprah too. So George is weak. Pulled yesterday. You know how many people were listening on a holiday yesterday to George your show. Yeah, something like that. 321 votes. What's your favorite kind of music? Now what inspired that? Oh, the VMA. We're still talking about the VMA and the kind of music they're trying to shove down our throats on MTV, like they know. They play music on MTV? No, not really. Oh, not when I'm watching. Anyway, what's your favorite kind of music? Classic rock 106. Now is there a station in the market and plays classic rock? Oh, supposedly Zeta. Supposedly big. Supposedly big. Now big doesn't play classic rock. That's what they claim to play classic rock. Classic rock 106 wins hands down. I mean, there was nobody else even in the running. Nope. Alternative 30, which alternative is what does that really mean? It's kind of what it's supposed to mean, but what does it really mean? Right. We don't jazz. Yeah, the joke vote of the day, such as one. Yeah, it's had 25 votes. I don't think so. I bet you we got a cross of votes. No, because I made a point to say that, you know, jazz sucks. So that's what they voted for. Classical 20. Let's hear it for all those. And let's see. Did the things start on KT? It or not? No. No. KT going. No, no. No, no. Nice. Nice. T, no, it's hard. A pop 17. That's what I voted. I voted for pop even though again, it's a generic term. Who knows what it means. But. Country 16, reggae 14. Anybody like to reggae music. Heavy metal 13. R and B 12. Now what is R and B. Risman blues, which is all that. It was a key. I know what. Don't know. I know what R and B stands for. You're starting to sound like Marvin now. Don't you think I know what R and B stands for? I think you know what it's supposed to stand for. Yeah, but by asking, what does it stand for in this pool? I mean, what R and B. That's what I was answering. Oh. Raps slash hip hop 11. Mainstream rock 10. Adult contemporary nine. Dance eight. Oh, we got eight people Disney for you. If you ever start playing to music over there on a Crabs station, modern rock eight. See you got so many categories on here. There's something for everybody. Hey, I took them from the Billboard chart. New age eight. Folk five, Latin five, and gospel. Oh, four. Or you should cover it all yesterday considering how few votes you got. But there was nobody listening. It's a holiday. Oh, I could tell. You're taking it personal. I heard you're coming. You felt bad because there was no votes on a thing. What do you expect when there's nobody listening when it's a holiday? Anybody who's listening to the radio. It's like who that was asking me about the radio up here in Toronto. I said, I don't listen to the radio. Remember to Toronto? No, why why why why why not? Can you imagine my sitting around here listening to the goddamn radio? Taking notes. Although, what have been better than watching the sopranos? So we got some very exciting news for you. Besides, of course, the story about the big. Oh. Got a lot of stuff. All for by the way, weighs 275 pounds. Got that story coming up. A lot of good stuff today. But the most important thing is the Marlins are playing a double header today. All right. Whether for many and it's in New York. Now, do we know what the, I guess what is going to be okay in New York, right? Let's tune in to CNN. We'll fight out. Not. They haven't got a clue. If you watch CNN for weather in North America, if I'm an Amsterdam and I'm watching CNN International, they couldn't, if they were standing in the middle of a goddamn tornado, they couldn't figure the weather out. That's how I do it. They are. Mondays, Marlin, game, rain out last night. So it'll be made up as a double header today. And Marlins on Dreck will start at 435. First page, you'd five ten to seven, which I guess is going to preclude any K tonight when you think I would think. Or or not. And then the dirty boys, Joe and Mark overnight to the six, the, which I'll tell you about, Joe and his buddies who were here this weekend. They had a good time. It's good. They had some nestle's turtle. Twelve minutes after nine at five sixty. Oh, look what I just did. Did you hear that? Nope. You didn't notice it? Good. Like I said, I didn't do anything. Twelve minutes after nine at five sixty, WCWM. Let me tell you about something that a lot of very silly people continue doing and that is getting in their car on a hot summer's day. Shlep it all over town wasting a lot of gas and a lot of money. Try to find a great new mattress when the old mattress wears out. There's no question replace your real fast because it's bad for your back for your health for the way you feel. But if you want a great comfortable to mattress the smart way to order it is, do what I always do and it is pick up the phone just sit there in your house like a lazy bathroom like me and make one easy call. 1 800 mattress. That's all you have to do. And you'll be talking to bedding experts who really can such a getting, hooking you up with the best mattress available in the universe. They got all the top brands. They got surta, celi, Simmons King Coil and they've got the deepest selection there. Everyone leaves branching and every get a bait and swish. You're going exactly to kind of mattress you're looking for. And when you do business with these people, you pick today and the, to our window for deliver when it's convenient for you when you're going to be home in a first place like noon to two, one to three, two to four, etc. And you also get if that isn't enough. A 30 day in home comfort guarantees. So you can test out your new mattress the smart way. The only intelligent way by sleeping on it and doing a lot of stuff on it. Pick up that phone right now. You'll be sleeping and comfort tonight and for a long time to come. When you do business with the expert's at dialometrist, 1 800 mattress that's the number to call 1 800 MATTRE. Search check them out on the web if you like at mattress.com. I know this course where do you advice this? You way out. Wait, how are David? David, thanks for being nice to me today, Mo. Those mentioned it's a good thing. You're not going to get great to get today, are you? Yeah, you know why. Why does that go? Because rapes not funny, but I ain't going to be a mean man, normal. If they think that's funny, that's fine by me. Wow, do we really change your way? Ah, if I get about it, I'm turning over a whole new thing, Newton Lee. You have a nice day of power and ice, my cutletly friend. Hey, Mo, look out for that truck. I'm getting out of the car. Mo look like a shapeless pile of gold. Mo, you. To show my respect, I show this show. I want to be when we go before that bastard, boosted my shoes. I don't want to stay on the bed. I'll try to be in a mess, he'll keep my key wasn't bad. It's a macaia. Mo, how is David's bed? It's a damn world. Mo, how is David's bed? But his wings are so high. So how big a bed? But his wings are so high. And his wings are so high. I'm still a peanut five, 60 WCM. How does everything sound? We got enough level. Everything kosher today. I mean, I don't know how it sounds on the air, but it sounds fine in here. Sounds magnificent to me. You sound like you're just right out on my balcony. Great. Oh, look out. So anyway, Joe Castell was here with a couple of his buddies, couple of his palies this past weekend, at my recommendation. And the loved it. Absolutely loved this place. Had a great time. We bothered. We had lunch on Saturday and brunch on Sunday. But more could you want. Then being a great guy that I'm actually took him into my neighborhood supermarket. Here, found him a leader of a Nestle's turtle. And they loved it. They got three plastic spoons set in my place here and like past it around. And they I screamed to. Loved it. And they were like critiquing it. And of course, they like among the three of them. They like about maybe half of the container and then through the rest out. Right. And I can't relate to that. And I said, I said that I'm, can you imagine sitting by yourself and eating the whole thing? And now what I'm going to even begin to imagine it? They couldn't begin to imagine it. You couldn't do it, could you? No. Oh. I don't think I could do it, could I? Anyway, here's our poll question today before we get to the good stuff. I've got a shocking way to hear this. I'm up to buy a shocking story to start today. You're going to like, pee your pants. But here's our poll question because we got it in the everybody in the frame of mind for a 9.11. No, wait, it's only 18. Oh, yeah. Week from, what is it? Week from a tomorrow? Okay, yes. We'll be 9.11. And the networks have 300 hours prepared. I'm not making that up. I read that over the weekend. I've got 300 hours prepared. What are you be doing on September 11? Does our poll question today? You got five choices. Taking a commercial flight. Travelling by car train or bus. Stain home and living is usual. Hiding out of the bed. Or watching TV all day so I can follow in the misery of last year. As usual, a great poll or something goes a five-figure. Fine, wonderful. I think I covers all the territory. Yeah. What were you doing on September 11? Taking your commercial flight. Travelling by car train or bus. Stain home and living is usual. Hiding out of the bed. Or watching TV all day so I can follow in the misery of last year. I assume the staying home option also includes those of us what to go to work. Stain home and living is usual. In other words, like not believing town is what I mean. Okay. Not going anywhere. Yeah, that's what includes your guess. Now wait till you listen very carefully to this. Okay. Up to but. New York Times runs first gay union notice. The New York Times ran its first announcement of a same sex commitment ceremony, celebrating the union of a full bright scholar in the founder of a public affairs consulting firm. The civil union ceremony of Daniel Gross 32 and Stephen Goldstein 40. By a judge in Vermont ran along with a couple's photo and the newly retired. Wedding celebrations feature in the at times on Sunday up to but. Ten years ago, not of this would have been possible. Goldstein said during an exchange of Jewish bowels. At the mousée de bo arts and Montreal dreams do come true. We said. Times executive editor how a reigns an outclass month that the news people would begin announcing same sex unions. In making this change, we acknowledge the news with a mis of a growing invisible trend in society. For public celebrations of commitment by gay and lesbian couples. Celebrations important to many of our readers their families and their friends reign said. The gay and lesbian couple's featured in the times are selected by editors using the same criteria for weddings. The news were the miss and accomplishments of the couples and their families. Gross a full bright scholar's vice president G. E. Cavalence. Stanford Connecticut goldstein. Steve Goldstein. Yeah, but founded attention in American New York Pupica first consulting firm. We didn't make this any kind of political statement. We didn't trend to boycott or feel like was anything unusual. Other than simply writing a letter to the society paid grossed yesterday and the BC's today show. Our union and civil unions like this are in fact part of what is truly happening in the world today. Nice gone, Jelty. I do like that. I learned something on the show. It's not even I'm 30 yet. We're already learning. Always wondered about him with a high pitch squeaky voice speaking to people with high pitch squeaky voices. I got to more great news for you. Okay. Are you prepared for this this early in a week? I'm strapped in. Spectacular news. Instinct singer Lance Bass has been asked to leave Russia's Cosmonaut Training program and will not be the world third space tourist. They were supposed to face a official said to the guy. How do you like that? Sergey Grubanov, who plays I think for the N.A.M. ID ducks. Sergey Grubanov, spokesman for the Russian space agency said that a decision to win negotiations with Bass was made in connection with crude violations of his contract. Yeah. Grubanov said Bass would hope to fly to the International Space Station aboard a Russian Soyuz rocket October 28th would be leaving Russia's star city within the next few hours. That's as in now today. I also hope Grubanov said. And by the way, Lance. Bye bye bye. The US pop star had been granted numerous dead-linic tensions after failing to come up with a 20 million bucks needed to secure his seat. Bass's supporters have blamed paperwork problems for the delay. Bass began training in July at Star City and just returned to Russia on Sunday after spending a week in NASA space, a Johnson Space Center in Houston with the other two crew members. Jeff Manbar, president of Miracore, which he were working on behalf of Bass, continued to express optimism today that the mission would go ahead. It's a little dramatic to say he was kicked out said Manbar, who led it that he was headed into another meeting with Russian Space officials to discuss the payment details. It was training at Star City yesterday. He's not trained today, but it'll be back there probably tomorrow that day after. Bye bye bye. Grubanov said that in place of bass, the versions would likely send up a cargo container with extra equipment, and he's not in my size. Which I guarantee that container have a lot more talent than he had. Make no mistake about it. Grubanov said the container has already been prepared and is ready to go. Bass 23 would have been would have been the youngest person in space. But guess what land? Bye bye bye. That's great news tonight. They're selected. I love it. I'm so happy now. He said crap on an ego trip. Twenty million bucks he's raising so we can impress young people of how important it is to get involved in science. As a poor to like helping young people, like giving out scholarships, like feeding desperate homeless kids, runaway kids, sick kids, all kinds of good stuff to get us. Oh, it's an ego trip for a no talent piece of turd. So much of that going on these days. You know what I'm talking about? So many no talent pieces of turd. Gee, thanks for being nice to me today, Maul. Here is the speaking of WQAN. The big always got the problems now. I heard Mo talk about this story this morning. And he's wrong. As usual, Mo is wrong. Just like the entire station was wrong about that thing with the masters, which I'll get into later time permitting. Are you familiar with that story? No, master's there. I'm on alert women. First I heard of it. Oh, and the tiger doesn't have time to be worrying about things like that. He's got to get his game fine tune. Yeah, fine tune. It's okay to be fine tune, but not fine tune. If they weren't letting black people into the masters, and tiger couldn't play in there, then they'd be all these sports nerds on our station would have been having an nervous breakdown. But women, I mean, both I call for his who cares about that. Basically, he's what Bores now, who everybody I heard on our station from the mad dog to Mo. I don't know what Hank said about it. Was full of crap. About that subject. But anyway, getting back to this. Among the Marlins were outspoken and accessible players. This is in the Sun Sentinel, and no they're not better than that. Mo, they sucked or I bushly grag. Third basement, Mike Lowell on Saturday, threatened the seas doing any more interviews this season. Oh my God. Oh, how are we going to live with that? I'm beside myself. I mean, it's just amazing that we managed to squeak through and get that baseball deal settled. And we're going to have to worry now about Mike Lowell not doing interviews. Triggering Lowell's Iro is WQAM radio talk show during which host Orlando the big. Oh, Al Zegiri in several colors slammed him for a comedy made on Wednesday. This is written by the way by Juan C Rodriguez, Durgis brother. Before the game, the teams last before Friday strike deadline. Lowell spoke to reporters about baseball's labor situation. As to how it would justify a possible strike defense that may considerably less-munder than players. Lowell said, we're in the big business of baseball. If teachers are making 400 grand, a lot of teachers will be holding out for a lot of things. Should they be making it? The problem is 50,000 fans don't go to sea of science class if they did would change. In our case, 50,000 don't come to sea baseball games either. In other words, but understand that. Yeah, what? Yeah, sure. A soft-blooded TV reporter took that to mean that Lowell thought what baseball players did was more important than the role of educators in our society. Friday they'd be forward to express those sentiments to Al Zegiri who mentioned the ones radio show the next day. Long call or labeled Lowell a dumb joke. And which we would say, That's the real quick. I will not speak to another reporter until our Orlando Al Zegiri apologizes to me said Lowell, who as the Marlins assistant player represented was a go-to guy for most regular later questions. My locker is going to be nice and quiet. Al Zegiri didn't listen to the quote until after his radio show. We could see how the comment might be taken out of contact, but Al Zegiri added that Lowell left himself open to misinterpretation. Maybe if I'm standing there, I understand his points, but maybe he should have been more clear about the situation Al Zegiri said. If he's bothered by it, or any of his family members, if I insult to them anyway, I'm sorry, the big, Oh, as he pushed out. All I made was a criticism of his comments and they could be construed in the negative fashion. I can understand the TV reporter misunderstanding him. If anything that teachers do, I know his wife is a teacher and my wife is a teacher, I'm sorry about the comment if he felt insulted, but it's his own fault because he did say it. They were comments that could have been misconscrewed when I hear a comment like that, what I wanted to do with the fan teachers. And you should have apologized big. That was a real act of pacification on your part, okay? I'm acceptable. And whoard goes back. Aren't you embarrassed that he apologized? Yeah. Well, got Almighty. And you know, something whoever called the station I commend him, because Michael O'L just like most of the others, and I don't know him personally, but no question he's a dumb job. Exactly. Idiotic comments. I'm acceptable. Oh, 50,000 people come to see. Yeah, that's like in 10 games, Mike. In 10 games, 50,000 people might come to see you and your sorry ass act. 27 after nine, if 560 WCM, your Marlon station, double head of the staff at home, baby, anybody gonna be listening? No. VIP Sportsport.com, name sound familiar. And by the way, Gary Sarner, nice job on that new copy. That name should sound familiar because VIP Sportsport is the only sports booked to be endorsed by all the industry once the group since way back in 1996. The casino times news recently says you can look for you just won't find a better overall sports book then VIP Sportsbook.com. But maybe you're looking for more than just a world-class book that offers 24 hour VIP service and the safety of a leader. How about this? How about the highest probably odds anywhere is up to 2001 minimum that's about 25 bucks and free with draws, 24 hours a day and a 15% cash bonus added to your first deposit to boot. Now this is some general book located in some way in Lacken, Yenems, Valtus, is Dutch based VIP Sportsbook.com, where you're treated with class and your money is safe. Sign up online to note that you get that 15% cash bonus and your account or column toll free if you like it. 866 VIP Bets. Don't forget it's easy to get started. Just look up VIP Sportsbook.com. Don't forget when you sign up online, you do get that 15% cash bonus like I said a few moments ago. Be a winner at VIP Sportsbook.com, where you be the VIP. My life is low, we're sports video 560's you and you, A.S. I feel less than a ride. What's the matter with lesbian, and golf, or can't you tell we really love hidden balls? The only thing that separates us from the man is the country clubs bathroom stalls. The girl friend's all said to daddy, she's the friend on the verge she comes to daddy. Month I've had five to me talk of all right, still lady calls to me. Oh my god. My favorite hole a dozen have any numbers, a green hole a fairway. No sweat because I'm a snapper, a blabber, a play golf and on gay. Are you sure? I'm gonna keep trying to hard-fifth clubhouse. Let me go, fit the only time to tell you. I'm gay, let's play Elk, keep a village golf to me. And ride a disc, great chips, my face, and ladies golf to me. Oh, hey! I'm pretty too in five 60's WQM happy too, day two and I think I could be wrong because I asked you or before the show and he doesn't seem to know. But I think today is that they were supposed to like kind of get back to normal labor days gone, and summers over a kids are all back in school, right? Well, you were talking about hearing the station, right? Right. I'm talking about on QA and where everything has been like kind of up any year. In fact, wouldn't you think that Duff would be coming back today? Yeah. I'm not sure if you're a think so. I bet you if you like walked out and wandered, you know, those few feet down the hall and looked in where he's got that little paper and shade desk, I bet you he might actually be sitting in there. Nope. He's not there. I was just by there. Oh, what about Clarence? Is he there? Yeah. Oh. Anyway, here's, no, I would think that today would be the day Greg shows up, but you said he was there Friday at 120. Just in case I was in a building making sure that I had plenty of time to get out before he showed his face. If I was him, I wouldn't show my face either, you know? Good old Greg. In fact, the rumor is not only we got a Duff and double head of the staff, I mean, a Marlon's Duff and a Henrik Lund's too. And what about screw-in? She back, she got her sorry about that. I wouldn't know. We don't know about that. I mean, I could be wrong, and I don't really care because I'm a very long ways away. But it would seem that finally you reach a point where all the excuses, all the screw-in-off, you know, let's get back to business now, okay? The summer book is all of the summer book on India. Does it tell you in the summer of the summer book on India? Does it tell you in the summer of the summer? I don't know. Well, how come I'm on them today? I give up? Oh, that's right. I'm back on my two things. That's right. It's Tuesday at Thursday. I'll just make it up the second one, like Jika said, you know? As the mood strikes, I'll show up whenever I feel like it. And see how long the chance keep coming. Anyway, MTV awards, what they didn't show. Are you aware of this? Where did you get this? What are you reading from? From the Harold. Oh. Oh. I was hoping there would be pictures. Some people questioned the addicts of some bad boys, bad news boys of hip-hop, are they in character or out of character? Well, get this. The bad blood between Eminem and Moby, almost turned violent at the recent MTV video music awards when the best video winners of Tossie chased Moby during a commercial break, according to the New York Post. But also then we written in the Harold, which always has the posters like two days later. Moby ran and jumped into which here on the audience at Radio City Music Hall when Eminem's Army approached the May Source tool the paper. They were pointing fingers at him and saying things like, we're going to get you after the show as a witness. Moby ran and jumped into the seat in front of us to get away. When Eminem accepted his award for Best Male Video for Without Me, a song of which he ridiculed Moby, he took another part, Jonathan Bistek and he Spectacle Techno Titan. I don't know what to say to that little Moby girl through me out of my game, and that's into a course of booze. Keep booing little girl. I will hit him and with glasses. Responded to Eminem's ill humor to the Neil Time Behavior, Moby posted a response Friday on his official website. The truth is that I honestly and all sincerity thought that the whole Eminem thing was done in some semblance of humor until Eminem called me a pussy off camera and then threatened to beat me up. Oh well, I think that Eminem is telling an interesting thing that I'm kind of stunned at the angry ads for me, seeing as I never made them up with him till last night. Ask backstage what he thought about the Eminem Moby feud. Show host Jimmy Fallon said, well, some people just don't like each other. What are you going to do? I didn't like my neighbor in college. Met a profound response? Yeah, he's witty. Pretty weak. Hey, hey, yeah, we ran that the other day. Ask me if I watched it. Did you watch it? No. In fact, as soon as I saw it, my channel automatically changed all by itself. You would have liked that Shakira performance. I love Shakira, and Spuddle your negative comments about her. We got 13 quick votes. The poll is up already. Nice work there. Erick, he airs back to like business as usual now. He understands that day is today. All the fall to roll ends. George ain't going to be on for a while now until my next sick day, which could be any time. No, actually, I feel great. And you notice how I don't sound like I'm about. Thanks a lot, Grimmer, for that great doctor. And by the way, don't come any more from your planes. I'm not even going to discuss that. I'm not going to talk about his call the other day. Oh, come on. Thanks to the, huh? Oh, come on. No, because if I would have him then he won't buy you lunch. Oh, of course, if I don't, we're still not going to buy you. Right. But anyway, thanks for that doctor. I don't want to talk about him. I'd rather talk about her because she's great. But you think I'd have mentioned her name on here? I don't know. I won't. Okay. Dr. Hamft. No, no, seriously, she's sensational. She's over at Holy Cross. She used to be at the Cleveland Clinic. And I think the fact she got out of there and went off on her own. I think that speaks very well for because you know what I think of the Cleveland Clinic. Oh, God. I don't want to say it on the ear. Do you have any idea? Well, you probably don't because you can't feel my elbow. And if you were here, I wouldn't let you feel my elbow. And you wouldn't want to. But seriously, just the one ice treatment. It makes me feel so goddamn stupid. And there's nothing worse than being stupid. You know what? I should know. Because just the 150 minute deal. So I'm assuming that like after three or four more treatments, I'm going to feel like brand new. Here's a show speaking at TV shows. In case you don't want to watch these, 15, three run with the MTV Music Awards. And you don't want to watch more reruns of the soprano's to the new season starts. The 17th is when. It's not too couple weeks away, right? Yes, two weeks from today. This is by Glenn Garven in today's hero. Well, I can't believe I got a couple of her old stories right off the bench. Where was God on 9, 11 program as? Now, do you remember the day after like I'm a 12th or the 13th of the September last year? And I asked that very same question, right? And some people were pissed off that I was asking, How dare you? I mean, how can you be so insensitive? And what are your usual anti-religion? Well, I think it's a very legitimate question. And come to find out it's so legitimate that PBS tonight has got a two hour show on it. How do you like that? Called frontline faith and doubt at ground zero. Once again, showing that is usual. Oh, God. His way ahead, this time almost a year ahead of the rest of the pack. So many stories have been written in broadcast. What do we wear the CIA and the FBI, where I'm September 11th? Now frontline asks they did it in more wrenching question. Where was God? How could a just God, a merciful God, a permit of the slaughter of 3000 people? Could the hijackers have been right? Could God have been on their side? Don't expect easy answers when answers at all. The existence of evil in the face of an omniscient, and omnipotent God is rack religious faith since the beginning of time. Faith and doubt are ground zero. It's not the sort of tidy inspirational package you find on the books to yourself, help yourself. It's something much more rare. Journalism that examines without derrational condescension. Troubling questions of religious faith. The spencing almost completely with narration. What I say? With narration. Faith and doubt are spores and subdued through interviews. Victims and survivors. Relatives and strangers. Security guards and operatives. Christians, Muslims, Jews and Buddhists. Don't say anything about atheists. The most anguished reactions, not surprising, came from those who lost loved ones. They range from the quiet alienation of women who are haltingly whispers that since her mother's deaths, you no longer has conversations with God. To the raging accusations of the father of a farm and who perished inside one of the towers. I let loose if God, he recounts anguly. I fired all of my barrels at him. It might sound crazy, but I cursed him. I damned him. I look at him now as a barbarian. God, damn it. But it is nearly as agonizing to your priest and rabbis, tell of the spreading fault lines in their faith since 9.11. Says a rabbi rejecting stories of survivors who claim their salvation was part of God's plan. If you're going to tell me about how the plan saved you, you've never also been able to explain how the plan killed them. And the loamy as cry of all comes from a Middle East historian who says that the rapture is celebration of death by the 9.11 hijackers and their supporters, the malice to foundation of his atheism unless in tumbling into a void. It chipped my belief in the one last foundation of everything in the human race he said. Huh? I know, I know. The don't ask questions, okay? I'm sorry. It's in the Harold. Curiously, many of the people interviewed for faith in that found solace in even religious reaffirmation, one of 9.11's most shattering images, the man in women who are left hand in hand from a burning tower, is that left or leaped. Lepard. If everything were capable of against Torren Lawson tragedy, be constable as Brian Duel still lost an awe at the memory. It's what must be believed that we're not fools to believe in God. Huh? His words ring with an eloquent that suffuses faith and doubt even the breakdowns. Offer a soprano or Renee Fleming describing how she's saying amazing grace at the world trades and immoral service early after the attacks. And met her with the first time in life, she couldn't look at her audience for a fear she'd go to pieces. Then with a shy hat smile, she apologized to the cameraman. I'm going to cry now, she says. A year later for short unanswered, we still have plenty of tears, right? The review of Glenn Garvin. So at 9 or 11 on PBS and I, I'm going to watch it, aren't you? 20 till 10, you've gotless heaven bastard. That's nice. 20 till 10 at 5, 60, WCM. Here's something we can all believe in. That's Oreo Man. It's almost like a religion in itself. In fact, it's so exciting that we even had any call that one day repeating an over and over again. Because just like, you know, we do hell Mary's over and over again. Right? I bet you'd say Oreo Oreo, I bet you said like, on retirement, you'll feel better already. And if you start taking Oreo Man, it can't hurt. It's a bit of a way to stay and good health all the time. Oreo Man is a soft, yellow castle. This pop of you and your push that contains pharmaceutical grade Olive oil along with all kinds of good stuff for your body. Vitamins, minerals and robles. They got a different product for different parts of your body. They make one for your prostate. Once specifically for your heart, your blood pressure, your cholesterol, your circulatory system, your digestive, your end of consistent your skin. You're going to even your mind. Maybe one for your elbow. I hope. I'll use the benefit of the best olive oil you'll find anywhere. It's a no forget. Oreo Man makes products for men and you ladies out there too. Picked them up today at Walgreens. Whole food markets, several pharmacy antidanos. By the way, today it's supposed to be that they speak in a well-greeted. The pizza locked opens in the plantation. That's right. It's on the calendar. When in doubt we better check that out. If you want to find out more information about Oreo Man and what it does and where you stick it called our toll free number 1, 866 Oreo Man. That's 1, 866 Oreo Man. Don't forget you can order their stupidious exciting new products on their website. If you like an Oreo Man America.com. My life and look all this is for 2550. You way too way. I know this. Now there's a healthy way to eat breakfast at Denny. Welcome to Denny. Will you take your order? Yeah, I think I'll have the brand slam breakfast please. Sure thing. Introducing the brand slam breakfast at Denny's. It's a brand new twist on an old favorite. You'll get two brand muffins, two bowls of raisin brand, two stacks of home style brand cakes and a jumbo glass of brand berry juice cocktail. This brand slam breakfast is delicious. I've never tasted anything so. I'll be right back. The brand slam breakfast. Billy, get you going in the morning. Can I help you? I really need to use the rest room. Oh, I'm sorry, sir. There's a 30 minute light to be painted. Don't your old breakfast habit and take a healthy one. You're going to put the brand slam breakfast at Denny's. You know why there's a long way to stop because of the brands because Elvis is in there. 945 at 560 we just can't get away from him. You know, they're still showing Elvis movies. What happened to them talking to Jeff? Oh, a pony tail. Now please don't tell me that we got misinformation from my close personal friend. Yes, we do. I'm getting it right now. What is it? A week to 10 days. Oh, I'm sure that she was told that. I'm sure she inquired from the people working in there and they told her September 3rd because Marcy don't make mistakes. A week to 10 days for the opening of the new pizza loft. So we give you some bad information. It will be nice though if he would like it'll be in contact with us and we get the information from him. And so the second and third hand. My good close personal friend. Jew Jeff, whatever his name is. Huh? Wouldn't that be good? Of course he'd probably do busy making the meals for the rumors. And by the way, they pay for their meals as a pizza loft. I want you to know that. But we don't let today, for example. Today what? We're not going to pay for lunch today. Because he's bringing us some pizza. Oh good. Nice going. I'm glad he's bringing it while I'm out there. So it's permitting problems or something like that a week to 10 days. Okay, week to 10 days. What you're just a stick with us. What give it to the loader? 40 votes on our pool. What will you be doing on September 11th which is a week from tomorrow? And I don't care what anybody says but the media feeding friends in these next few days is going to be enough to make you puke your guts out. I mean, that's one of the reasons you're not going to watch front line tonight. Yeah. What does that mean? It sounds like it's right up your alley. I know. I'm thinking about it. I just, you know, I'm so exhausted by all of it. Yeah. Me too. I might not watch it. 42 votes like I said. Staying home living is usually going to work feeding the dog, doing a beating the kids. 30 votes for that. Hiding under the bed eight. But there've been a lot of people been out of there a long time. You know. I know. They just, in fact, I think they got the keyboard with them under the bed. They're going to go down our pool. A little flashlight. Traveling by car plane or bus. Wait a minute. No, then that's not right. What is that? Did I screw up traveling by car train or bus? Come on, Eric. You bozo put down the goddamn breakfast burrito you simple in. He's got taking a commercial flight and traveling by car plane or bus. Car train or bus. Am I not articulating properly? Is well as well as well as maybe a few rolled your arms. Yeah. Train. It's supposed to say traveling by car train or bus has got a pair taking a commercial flight only one very brave soul out there. I wouldn't do it. And watching TV all day so I can water when the misery lasts your one. That's what we got so far and I'm sure Eric will correct that very very soon. Like right away. Here's the story you're going to like. You're going to love it. All right. How come I got so many stories you're going to lie? I don't know. Must be my lucky day. Yeah, must be. I'm going to wait a second. Of course, it won't be your lucky day forever because maybe tomorrow. Some day this week is the usual. You notice I waited like a little like a little passage of time. So the audience would come back. I mean, so that we, you know. And every year after George does the summer shows we take a little survey about how did George do. I know I'm going to vote. I think he did pretty damn good. Not spectacular. But pretty damn good better than ever before and getting better every day I'm sure. That you're separate those awful calls which you're never going to get better. But nevertheless, so we'll take that in subject. George is some abuse from the audience, especially those assholes that want to like be up on him. He doesn't care anymore. He knows you're a bunch of more on. He's metal out of you. He does those appearances. It's my job. It's his job. At least at the moment. Right. That's what most said. Of course, don't forget you're being held in perpetual. Right. In fact, even the hostage is in Iran. Where tell as long as you've been held. Well, as a quick pro quo for not firing George, the growing consensus against their own circumcision by Jackie Smith and the national post here in Toronto. Oh, just in time for me not to care anymore. The growing consensus against circumcision. I hope you'll start pronouncing that properly now. It's against a getter. Just 30 years ago, male circumcision was all the rage as many as 90% of boys in the US 70% of those in Australia, 48% in Canada, and 24% in the UK were circumcised, often without any anesthesia. I can remember the war that was waged in my own mind when my son was born in the 1980s. He writes, is it he or she? Well, whatever it hell is, I had no religious reasons for choosing circumcision. I wasn't trying to guard against unhealthy masturbation as early proponents of circumcision. I hate the unhealthy kind. Oh, that's the worst. I didn't care if he looked like dead as some parents do. I wanted to know only one thing would it be best for him medically. If he wasn't circumcised, would I be responsible for increasing his chances of urinary tract infections? And sexually transmitted disease as some physicians had suggested. What do mean he might need the operation later in life when circumcision is more uncomfortable not to mention unpleasant? And God damn it hurts. Can you imagine? Don't touch. You know, all the guys that we've talked to were circumcised when they were like four times. Oh, yeah. Oh, I can't imagine. What if he had the operation and got an infection? He or she asked, what if then I slipped? How would I live with myself? More importantly, how would he live with himself? It's the nature of parenting to always think, what could I have done better? So one time I did a decision. I worried over whether was the right one. Like all parents, I tried to act in the best interest of my child. When the Canadian PD-Entry Society reviewed the medical literature and came out against routine circumcision in 1996, I thought the matter was settled. The CPS looked at the effective newborn circumcision on the rate of urinary tract infections. Sexually transmitted diseases, cancer of the penis, Penile problems, and aside of the practice was inadvisable. Huh. This was in line with a recommendation made earlier by its fetus and newborn committee. Or but you didn't know that the Canadian PD-Entry Society had a fetus and newborn committee? I do know. Do know. And with 1971 and 75 recommendations of the American Academy of Pediatrics. Nevertheless, the bates about the ethics of circumcision remain unresolved because of its connection to religion and culture, because medical studies sometimes turn up different results and because parents do think their kids should look like dad. Yeah. I've heard that. You wouldn't know. Yeah. He looks just like dad. If you don't believe me, whip it out. Anyway, Jackie goes on to say, still I believe it can sense this against circumcision is steadily emerging, a genist. In this new era of patient rights, circumcision has come to seem like an anacronism. Among doctors, there's a greater emphasis on informed decision-making. The limits on parents' rights to make the things about their kids' health and the rights of children to be protected from parents who make wrong decisions. Well, how do you protect yourself against parents who made decisions when you were like a few days old? You use the pointy stick. I see. Even some adult men who were unnecessarily circumcised as children are receding their rights to restitution. I heard about them. And since the balance of medical evidence suggests those who opposed circumcision have the facts on their aside, doctors are increasingly fusing the performed circumcision's complications from bleeding, amputation. Oh my God. Renal failure. Sepsis and death are powerful instead of to stop. What is Sepsis? Huh? With the death of an infant in BC in British Columbia, possibly as a result of circumcision and currently undercorner's investigation, there will be more questions as circumcision's benefits and risks with a more pronounced focus on the latter. Parents who opt for circumcision must as a matter of both law and morals make the decision based on the principle of respect for the rights and best interest of their child according to the available information concerning risk and benefits. The death of the Cam Loops baby may bring new awareness about the risk of circumcision, though the baby's death may ultimately turn out to a prison from something far more complicated than a boxed circumcision. And believe you me, there is nothing there are a few things in the world worse than a box circumcision and I've seen the evidence of a few. Really? Oh, you're not lying? I've seen the evidence of a few. Oh my God. Indeed, the media coverage of the Incident May Speed circumcision for non-religious reasons and the dust-bed of medical practice alongside many other ones. Popular procedures such as the removal of the ovaries for hysteria? What now? The removal of ovaries for hysteria? Come here now. Concelecting me for a sore throat, lobotomy for mental retardation, etc. Just act Jack Nicholson and the chief. In a few years looking like that or wanting to keep a boy clean may no longer be legally legitimate rationalist for circumcision. It's about time they weren't. So Jackie, parents who've had their kids circumcised can't be faulted for doing what they thought was right, but it's unethical to continue a practice that is no longer medically defensible and could harm our kids. How do you like that? A lawsuit? Wow. A lawsuit. I'm seeing my father because he's dead, okay? Well, that's what that club kept proposing. The, uh, I wish I had my four-skin club. Yeah. Where they're trying to grow it. And I say to hell with his far-tos with their rest of the two, okay? Let him go pick some more cotton and then we'll think about it. But as far as those of us who had our four-skins taken away, we wanted back now. In fact, some guy asked me that over the weekend. I said, he said, what are you doing? I said, just trying to get my four-skin back. If I can't get mine, I'll borrow yours. Did he like it? Anyway, you know, this is a horrible story about this recent guy dying. Yeah, no. Is that incredible? No, they'll never have. They'll never know. Closure. They will never have closure. They'll never have the definitive answer. The widow of the man police said with their top potential suspect. Oh, they see now that he's dead, they said he was a suspect. In the unsolved Elizabeth Smart Kidnapping set of 30s, we're investigating the wrong man. Angela Reesy took her husband, Richard Albert Reesy off-life support Friday night. He had suffered a massive brain-handbridge Tuesday, and Utah State Prisoner had been serving time on a parole violation, and never regained consciousness. And now, he's dead. When Angela Reesy arrived at the hospital through the next year, the new that her husband wasn't going to wake up. The men and I saw him. I just know what he looks like when he was asleep, and he was just gone, she said. Reesy 48 died about 12 minutes after life support machines were turned off. Angela Reesy said the stress of being wrongly linked to Elizabeth Smart Subduction contributed to his death. Do I smell lawsuit? Come on. I think I can smell it. If he had been at home, I think this would have happened, she said. Angela Reesy 38 married Reesy on Valentine's Day after brother introduced them. Reesy Aprili told Angela, he wasn't going to return to his criminal way, she said. We all have a past, she said, adding that she had not worried at all about introducing Reesy to her 11-year-old son. She described her husband as a kind man who loved the cook and played the guitar. Reesy, who she said she called Rick, would often pack a sack lunch for her to take to where job as a receptionist would add a note saying, have a nice day, honey. I felt more safe with Rick than I've ever felt with anyone in my life, she said yesterday. Elizabeth's father Ed Smart had repeatedly said he felt Reesy had a partner's daughter's disappearance. He had made several televised pleas for Reesy to cooperate with Reesy. Reesy had worked as a hate-even in the smarts house, and she accused of seeing Madam Sunderham, got a yummy out of here. After Reesy's death, the smart family should have stayed in expressing heartfelt condolences to his widow. Heartfelt, do you believe it? I feel it. So there you go, I think this is not staying in the course of media love this because now it's open for a conjecture for forever. Forever. Did he do it? Did he not do it? You know, and they can have like 85 of a mini series on it. Like John Beney and Jay. Something like that. 956, had five 60, WDC, were back in the swing of it baby. Back to our regular schedule. Neil is on and spread it the fact that Moe is nowhere to be out. I'm sure if he knew I was on today, he would have promoted WDC. And we're like doing it. Hank is on today from Crystal Palace. Very briefly because we got that Marlon double header. I'll tell you, Hank is catching up and of course the mad dog. He just, you know, he shows up when he feels like it. I think I've said a really good example for the rest of the staff. And we work when we feel like it. Okay, Greg. And just keep the checks coming sweetheart. Yeah, Hank is like on perpetual vacation and doing a show from the Crystal Palace today. Have you ever been there? No. Never been there with Bahamas. Oh, you don't want to go there. That's what you said. Oh, I've never been to the Crystal Palace but the Bahamas is real. Drone on. Greg. Anyway, if your hair is blowing, if you're out there at these breezy days, what breeze are they talking about? Do we have any breezy south Florida? No. Well, maybe here we got a nice breeze here. Maybe you're up here for a few days like Joe and his buddies. And you're tired of your thinning hair blowing out of control. Enough of the blowing already. Okay, get your hair back for my good buddy. Check out for your. Just call him at 1-800-3-21-24-13 and a very short period of time. He can make you look like a bench better and younger than you have in years and probably better than you ever thought you could again. Maybe even better than you did before. And now's the smart time to call because summer is running up. But you can still take advantage of these summertime special at the Alphay or Rastudios. Just mention old Neil underlying the old part and you'll get 300 bucks out of the regular price as for mentioned in my name. And don't forget, Charles Alphay or A Services and Repairs all kinds of her systems. Why do you wait for his little 30 bucks and always makes him look so, uh, looks a lot better too. Get that? Got it. Charlie offers you a 30-day money back year until you put on his natural hairline system and all of the way looks and feels and smells. Then Charlie gives you a whole refund. So say goodbye to that farm animal that's done on top of your head or that gigantic early bald spot and get some hair back. Pick up that phone and call Charles Alphay or a 2-day 1-800-3-21-24-13 or log on to CharlesAlphayere.com. Bye. And log on. This is Fort Rereel-5-16. You wait for you, eh? The funny tune, yeah. When a story is too big for the other table news channels, only one man is big enough to break it down in the scrumptious little sound bites. It's Fatman on MSNBC. Hi, I'm Jerry Fatman tonight. We'll see our team into the problem called Wall Street. First, I want to get this double dog down. Oh, damn, I ate the wrapper again. We've knitted 70 string Jerry Fatman devours the issues of the day like the Middle East. These Palestinians can blow up buses. They can blow up schools. But when they start blowing up delies, that's what Americanies to get involved. Fatman on MSNBC, the new show that can only be filmed in wide-screen. I'm Jerry Fatman tonight. We'll have a round table discussion with Mr. Solty. Mr. Peanut. This is Butterworth Betty Crocker, and a special medical report from Dr. Pepper. That's tonight on the next Fatman right here on the food network. Jerry, this is MSNBC. Go, right up. Hey, let's go, let's go. Let's go, Fatman. Have you ever seen him? No, I haven't. You haven't seen Jerry Nostman? No, I haven't. No, I haven't. Fatman. He looks like you've taken Josh Friedman and Fatboy and like so them together. And that's him. He's on MSNBC. In fact, last night I'm channel surfing. And there he was with Donny who was like a repeat because it was a holiday. And they're sitting there like, uh, be moaning their fate about, well, you know, uh, they're getting support from the people that MSNBC and but how long are they going to be on and how long are they going to give them before they flop and get fired on their hands? Stuff like that. This guy has got a, uh, definitely a face for a body for radio, not for TV. Jerry Nostman, gigantic. 81. You think Eric would be upset if I changed the wording on that one thing on the pool again. Because we didn't do that. No, she wouldn't be. I shouldn't be upset because he made that one mistake and corrected it. So I'm going to change something else. Because that thing about staying home and living is usual. She even confused you. Right. I mean, staying home implies like not going to work being a freight. Exactly. Right. How about just living my life is usual? I'm sure you can do it. Maybe I'll pour a little bit of the beer out under the parking lot and honor the, you know, the victims. 87 votes. Living my life is usual. I'm sure that those people understand what I meant. 58. Hiding under the bed 16. Watching TV all day so I can water on the misery of last year. Six. Taking a commercial flight for good luck to you. Nice knowing you. Travelling by car trainer bus three. Nice knowing them. How goes for? Yeah. It's a matter of fact, I'll have a lot of room on the plane. Oh, not another priest or the so that you just back to me. Yeah. And more and another priest who admitted abuses abuses loses Michigan job. Oh. Oh. So many priests in so little time. A former priest who admitted to sexually abusing all the boys at his cottage near Lake Eury has lost his job as a Michigan social worker. What a shame. I'm sure we could find him a place at Q.I.M. Leo Welto was accused of molesting the youth at his summer retreat. And Eastern Lucas County in the early 60s is no longer working for the senior Alliance in Detroit. The 75 how many pages is this? Oh, there's other stuff. That's not all. Because I hear the fact machine pumping back there and I'm thinking a third of the pages that came in that batch by the way. The 75 year old social workers last day was August 12th. That had directed the nonprofit agency refused to elaborate. He's no longer an R&P lawyer. He said Mike Simoski who is a person all matter. The former priest in part you're currently too much after you've been interviews with the blade. Whatever kind of rag that is that he abused the youngsters. Is that the Toledo blade? Oh yeah, this is a matter of fact. Look up there. Tell me you said Toledo blade.com. You idiot. You moron. Of any abused youngsters at a small shuttered cottage. A state road to route two during weekend trips and what may be the largest sexual misconduct case in the Toledo Catholic Dices. While serving at a macular conception church in Bellevue between 1956 and 61, Mr. Wilson invited the boys as many as four dozen between the ages of 8 and 13 to his cottage, a virtual playground with a pond, go car track and speedboat. I'm like, you're, sounds like a swell time, don't it? I want to go. Okay. Now I'm sorry you're too old. Oh, damn it. Oh, more fraud. You know, I didn't have one of these in my pile of the, okay. Oh, no. Yeah. Boy, oh boy, look at that. This story and it goes to show you what comes around goes around. Burnlacks or founded burn steak house. He died. He's dead. That'll teach him not to give me a free meal. Should I tell that's the right again? No. I might. What did he die of? And then decide. About, uh, I don't believe in trying to repay other people's kindness with, uh, you know, free meals. I'll give you my best wishes. Not a huge cheap prick. Here he gets through tell me about all the people that come in there from a softload. Always say, oh, I heard Neil Rogers raving about your steak. Not that I look for freebies. You know me in fact, I'm sometimes embarrassed. But it just seemed to me that if there was anybody should have given me a free meal, especially an overpriced joint like burns, it should have been him. And now guess what? Yes. Now you'll never get that meal. How do you know? Maybe he put it in as well. And Neil Rogers eats free. Of course, am I going over there to you free? Oh, I'm not going every day. Yeah, forget about it. You want to go to Tampa to eat well in your case. Yeah. Now, I'll tell you about Bern's rumors going to buy you lunch at the pizza loft. World renowned restaurant tour, Bernard Bernalaxard died Saturday in Tampa after a long illness. He was 78. Yes. For four decades, LAC server and Bernstick house and internationally acclaimed steak restaurant that draws loyal customers from across the globe. With what food critics offered to scribe a steak age steak. Paralist service scrumptious desserts in an almost boundless wine list. This is the first conversation when Stanger is meeting a Tampa resident. What else are you going to talk about? Besides, what's that place? Marn's Venus. Marn's Venus. That's exactly what I was talking about. She had nowhere George would be going. Not the Burns of Ego and the Marn's Venus. Well, maybe I could have Burns first. He is my hero. Mario, I've a role. On a matter of Mario's stay, How's the Tampa said? He was the best. Burns is the best day, how's the American kept us all on our toes. Lacks was attention to detail was legendary, whether growing the restaurant's vegetables that is organic farm. Did you know that? Nope. Yeah, he's no good for years. He did that. Organic from the growl or on stuff. Or making sure dessert was prepared properly. Burns won countless wine and service awards over the years. His only embarrassment and failure was failing to give me a Rogers a free meal many years ago. In 1991, interview, Lacks had addressed the awards. His down to what the nature, I can't read this. Frequently dressed in a white t-shirt, Lacks are could have been easily mistaken for member of the kitchen. Rather than the owner of a restaurant catering to a whosu of the rich in famous, I don't believe in hanging up awards. I don't think it's right to tell people you're a big shot. Once you think you're somebody, everybody give you interest. Slow down, you say. He has some really interesting waiters over there too. You know what I mean? Yeah. Bizarre, like I wanted to do the magic tricks. Just bring me the food, sweetheart. Just bring me the food, okay? That one guy who was a big fan of mine, that's long before your time. I'm not doing anymore these pre-stories. Am I? Yes. Panhandle pre-seek helped to keep perishes open after eight resign amid sex abuse allegations. That isn't Florida panel. That's a Texas panel. Oh. I can take a three states with a panel. Texas Oklahoma and Florida. Can you name me Idaho? Idaho? Idaho? What about California? Is that considered none? No. But it could be. You know, Northern California, we're kind of on jobs up there by Nevada. No. A few places have been hit harder by sexual abuse scandal in the Catholic Church than the DICs of Amarillo were eight priest of resigned after being accused of abuse. Oh, 11 of the 35 perishes in the sprawling 26 county DICs do not have full time priest retired priest are celebrating mass on Sundays and hearing confessions and deacons are assisting with administrative duties to serve the DICs 56,000 Catholics. Many priests are roving to cover responsibilities and more than one church. They're roving. That's our immediate way to respond to the crisis that we have to John Yenta, a Yenta, Bishop of the Armadillo and DICs. It's a crisis. But could be a whole lot worse. Oh, geez. Allocations against the priest who resigned very but most involved accusations from outside the Texas Panhandle and all four boys accused one of sexual abuse and another state, a man for Illinois raised questioned the sexual misconduct in the 60s. Another priest was accused of misconduct in Michigan in 1988. One priest left because of the allegation about an incident that occurred while he was principal of what is now Holy Cross Catholic Academy and Armadillo. And it goes on and on and on and on but I'm not going to do that. Am I? I've got more important stuff than travelisting priests. I mean, if you don't have enough evidence about that yet, you never will. Do they have enough evidence? No. Now forget about it. You'll just made it all up. Here's an important story for all you seen your citizens out there sets a good example for it. Of course the end of the story isn't really good. You know the one I'm talking about? No. Yes you do. And 81 year old woman dove into a pond and saved a fellow nursing home resident from drowning after the car. The resident had been entunged in the water. This is in Treeport, Louisiana. You're not familiar with this story? I haven't heard it. No. There wasn't anybody else around. So Carol and Kelly were the accident ran to help. I've done a lot of swimming in my time. Nina Hutchinson 83 was taken to LSU hospital after she was pulled from the pond. But the bad news is she died yesterday hospital official said, That's correct. That's not that. A shame? Yeah. Here this 81 year old old bag. I mean, it's very nice lady. Knives in the water to save her life. And the yanks are out of there. Take the tiger to hospital and she still dies. Her husband Harlem Hutchinson 90. Oh, have been driving Sunday afternoon when he accidentally hit the gas pedal instead of the break and his car plunged into the pond. Well, that's unusual, isn't it? Yeah, never happens down here. Kelly, a fellow resident at the Glen Retirement Village, swam to the passenger side of the car and held Nina Hutchinson's head out of the water until firefighter survived official said she seemed to be getting weaker and weaker. And those boys that came in after I called 911 got there and nothing flat, Kelly said they took her out of my arms and took care of her. But she still died. Harlem Hutchinson was able to get out of the car and swim to shore. I was not ashamed. Talk about where was God? Don't you think he's the one I should have died? God? I mean, the guy actually that way hit the gas pedal instead of the break and went to the pond. Well, he works in mysterious ways, you know. She was definitely heroes that Luther's sharp bone away fired this three teeth. She shook her clothes and bailed off in there. What? Hmm. It says she shook her clothes and bailed off in there. Okay. Chuck. Whatever that means. But the bottom line is that old man, I mean, that woman is still dead. And the husband and what it like, uh, a little confused, the 90 year old. I'm going to tell you right now, 90 year old's about no business driving. No. I don't give a crap on anybody says. Except Ma, must he not 90 yet getting pretty close. Come on, it's after 10 at 5. 60 W Q A. Let me tell you about, oh, how's Todd directo? Have you seen him at this morning? No. I saw Troy Stratford. He's the one that cared. He, Troy Stratford is the only member of our sales department who's got to stum on it. I'll tell you that right now. Who gets the job done? Cares about servicing his accounts. Does it take sure of the copy? He's not a slacker like Todd direct. Let me tell you right now. If you want to get out of your dead end job, becoming a computer professional certainly is the way to go. He heard us talk about the large number of jobs that are out there waiting for him. Make in some serious big bucks. The question is how do you find a good school that will help you accomplish this? There's only one school that's got four convenient locations in Dayton, Broward. Only one has got certified Microsoft instructors. One that offers you convenient day evening and weekend classes that fit into your schedule. There's one school that's got full time job placement to perform with over 30 years experience. And with this school, you can complete your programming. Get certified in just four short months. And we're talking guys about hands on training. And that school is fast train. You've heard me talk about our friends at fast train. So it's time for you to get off your butt. Pick up the phone and call them today and get started on the road to a real serious career. Call toll free. One eight six six fast train and be sure and tell them that Todd Rek is really doing it. Not that's one eight six fast train or check them out on the way about fast train dot com. My name is local. These five six. The rest of your. You we. Come on boy. Come on boy. Come on. Well, he's good. He's happy. He's risky. He's hungry. Oh, my eight and back. It sure is expensive to feed that big old friend. Well, now you don't have to worry about the high cost of dog food. When you buy, you can over. You can move a rock that's right here. For it is bull. Okay. Wow. He's eating it. And I didn't think he liked dry dog food. Well, it will be dry before. Just watch. Oh, he's going to put up. And now it's all over the floor. Not for long, kill us. Now he's eating your puke and Nuba again. No. No. Nuba. Nuba. What healthy. Oh, no. He's throwing it up again. Yeah. Puk and Nuba. What healthy dog. Oh, no. Now he's eating it again. Yeah. Puk and Nuba. No. No. No. He's throwing it up again. If you can. What healthy dog? He's over and over and over and over. 10. 17. It's 5. 60. Nobody can. That's one thing. It always grossed me out of my dogs. Among many other things is the fact that they'll puke and then they'll start laughing up again. And they'll also eat cat crap. You want to get me started on that? Anyway, I look. It's getting too close to lunchtime or brunch or something like that. I don't want to start talking about the feces that eating habits of dogs because believe me, if anybody knows. I think golden retrievers. That's one of their specialties. That's why they call them retrievers. But anyway. I look. I mean, why did you bring that up? She just brought it up. And how I did. The dog brought it up. And then eat it again. God. Now what that was I just going to say that was so important before you started grossing a sound with your stuff again. Oh, a silence that Coolidge would envy. That's good. I already saw that. But I'll see if we have time. We got a lot of stuff that including operas like. I've been up to 235 death-deafing pounds. Doesn't that give you hope? For what? Opera. I don't wish anybody any bad, only in her case. Opera. I've been making an exception. Give the doctor Phil hope he wants that slots. Yeah. Yeah. That's true. He'd rather have four to five. Then we can put guiding light back on. Oh, it's speaking a guiding light. If you've noticed that now they're putting like a whole lot of naked young people on her again. No. Desperate to try to move that audience with him to tell you, I'm starting. yesterday September 16, guiding light moves to 10 a.m. The pressing. 114 votes at our poll today. What would you be doing a week from tomorrow? September 11th. Living my life is usual 81. Hiding out of the bed, 17. Taking a commercial flight six. 5% of this audience is going to be flying away from tomorrow. We buy a net. No. Watching TV all day so I can water on the misery of last year. And traveling by car train or bus four. As a matter of fact, news days as people are divided on these September 11th holiday. Americans are divided about whether 9. Love and should be a national holiday like veterans. They were Memorial Day according to a new poll. Isn't it great all the polls that I mean, we take our poll on our website because it's just there and it's easy, but just amazing to me. The polls that they take support for national holiday on that date. The terrorist attack the world train center in New York and the Pentagon has slipped a bit since March. According to a CNN time poll released Sunday. While 44% favor the idea, 51 are opposed to it down from a 48 48 tie in March. If following his right, these numbers down. Okay. Very crucial crap. The telephone poll of a thousand four adults was conducted Wednesday and Thursday of last week and has an error margin of plus or minus three points. Put that like an asterisk next to it. Okay. The poll also found that a third of the people said if you're less safe in public places and slightly more said they feel as safe traveling since 9 11. You know something at this point because I, you know, I fly quite a bit. I don't even think about it. In fact, when I came back up here at Miami International and by the way, I see them and they were really great. You'll be pleased to know you suck hole. You idiot. You old buddy that he fool. But they so after I go through the things, you know, my luck. They must not like me, you know, although spick baggage inspectors. So I go through the whole screening thing and no problem. And I pick up my bag and I'm like wandering along in the woman, you know, the last gas woman in life is like they got the bomb. What do they call that thing? What do they call it? It's like a bond detector. You know, it's got like a little thing on it. She's got like a little wand and on the end of it. There's like a cloth. It's a bondy technique machine. So she wants my bag. So she's looking in the bag and she's waving a thing where and then she has me sit down and take off my shoes. Yeah, it didn't bother me. And at least I said, I handed it to the shoes. She pops, get around with them. She has, she handed them to the shoe shine guy, which is a good way for him to get an extra couple of bucks. And then she gave him back to me. And I was, yeah, it didn't phase me in the least. In fact, uh, get out. What's the big deal with that? And I don't sit there looking around at the other, you know, those first few months after 9, 11, all of us, everyone who got, everyone, I don't care how much of a liar you are. You're like to admit when you got on a plane, when you were sitting in the boarding area, at the gate, you were looking around. Oh, that one looks like a terrorist right on. I'm definitely not getting on a bad ass. Hold on, you know, that kind of thing. Sure. And even on that flight, I told you about coming right from Amsterdam, the guy that kept running into toilet. Yeah, for that. Right. That Dutch guy. He kept running every day. He'd go to the toilet. He'd be in there for like 10 minutes. He'd come back and his head would start bobbing around and he'd go back into again. Maybe he was puke and I don't know. Maybe he was in there so long because he was puke and then, uh, checking it out again like that dog. Have you ever seen a dog do that to your head? Yeah, yes I have. Oh, see how we stopped my dogs from doing that. It maybe maybe maybe I shouldn't. No. Maybe it you should. Maybe it's like, you know, a second day spaghetti. Maybe it's not so bad. Support forever. Let's see how we did that. Uh, third said they feel less safe in public places. I'm almost a third said that the word that a terrorist attack will occur on the anniversary of 9 11. People were most likely to say in a tech and like, some months will be carried out with a car or truck carrying a bomb or with biological or chemical weapons. And two third said the nation's intelligence gathering agencies failed in their responsibilities to get information about the attack. How do you like that? Two thirds. You think? And don't you recall like a year ago that we're saying was the greatest intelligence failure of the U.S. of A. Uh, I remember that. But of course we're supposed to have a short memory. Speaking of that, editor says, been lawed as a live in command and in command. The editor of a London-based Arabic language daily newspaper Sunday repeated his claim that Osama Yaman of Bin Laden is alive and headed that he's now back in charge of the Al-Qadriterus network. Abdel Bari, At one editor of Al-Qud, told ABC this week he hasn't seen Bin Laden and has no physical evidence the Al-Qadriterus alive. But sources told me he's alive and that he's in command, at one be saying. In July, At one told CNN sources, uh, Bin Laden was wounded in the bombing of Toraboran had trapped Ellen as left children. He was injured and he was subject to a surgery and the Shrapnel was moved from his left shoulder. Now he's perfectly well, F1 said. He told ABC he believes Bin Laden's alive because it is on Islamic not to declare his death if he's dead. And Al-Qadriterus issued list of its members who've been killed and the list of not included Bin Laden's name. There's not been a video tip of Bin Laden recently because he's waiting for the right moment Al-Qadriterus. In addition, which they had those doggy snuff films, why should they waste stuff with them? Right, you know? He was criticized heavily by other Islamic organizations that he's a man who's saying a lot of things. And when it comes to delivery, he doesn't deliver out one said. So we'd like to come out when he does something or his organization actually carries out an attack. And after that, maybe he'll come out with a tape to prove that he's really behind it. In the July, and if you want one said he had not seen Bin Laden and doesn't know where he is, I don't think anybody knows actually where he is. Maybe if an American were the latest equipment with, you know, the best of communication in the best buying warplanes. They can't spot him. You think, uh, you know, who would be able to do so. We said, in other words, if we can't find him who the hell can. Of course, we also can't find a ranch with both hands that they're a problem, you know? Is that on Patreon to say that? Yes, it is. I'm glad I didn't say it. Comey. Oh, speaking of on Patreon, a cancami is Jeff Bush appeals to venture over Cuba trip. Siding a lack of bait on, you notice that the McBride is catching Janet in the poll? Yes, good. Thank God. Yeah. All right. Who might actually have a candidate to come closer to my head like an outside jet, like a minimal chance to win. Oh, please. Oh, isn't responsible for all the failures of the DCF? Siding a lack of basic freedoms in Cuba, Governor Bush, mysteroids, Minnesota, Governor Jesse Ventura, reconcidious plans to attend a trade-ax position there next month. While I don't expect you to cancel your trip, I strongly believe doing so to be the right thing to do, Bush said, and let her date at August 29th of Ventura. You don't think he's panoring anybody, do you? No. Thank God. I encourage you to consider other options as you look for opportunities to expand international trade for your state. But a spokesman for Ventura said, the Minnesota governor did not agree with Bush's isolationist approach and would not alter his plans. Oh, Ventura will help promote the sale of Cuba, to Cuba, Minnesota produced food and agricultural products at the US Food and Agribusiness Expo to be held September 26th at 30th in Havana's office said. Exhibit organizes predict 18 to 20,000 people attend the Expo, and then more than 150 companies, organizations and government offices from 30 states, and become a wealth of Puerto Rico participate. Oh, you don't want to go this week, and Zir. Ventura's announcement brought a swift response from his counterpart in Florida home to a large Cuban ex-alcumimity opposed to trade with the Kami Pinko nation. President Bush's brother, Ergven, Twitter bear and mindering is cryptic, that Cuban president Fidel Castro denies the 11 million Cuban people right to Minnesota's and political independent Ventura take her granted. Speaking out against government policies, fighting for what you believe, attempting to change the established order and a effort to create a better societal gainage label of an independent American US erote, and Cuba, you're called a dissenter in enemy of the revolution, and then similarly thrown in jail. Money made from the trade will be used by Castro and the Cuban government to finance as a press of regime and ensure its continued existence, Jeff Bush might say. The island nation is simply a bad credit risk to the Republican Governor continued here is the former wrestler to meet with this and stirring his trip. John Woldell, a spokesman for Venteris, said the governor will proceed with his trip to Cuba and Bob Angulo, the Joe Biden, to that. On a personal level, he likes Governor Bush, but he happens to disagree with the governor's hard-line positions. He believes that building a strong economic relationship will do a whole lot more to build government and culture reforms than the isolation and to approach that Governor Bush endorses like his brother. How do you like Martin Luther ask you, how do you like it? Oh, I don't think he's anymore. Huh? And Miguel, how he likes it? Okay, Miguel. Oh, he's not here. Hey, Miguel, how do you like Omar Kelsin? Not around. Well, he's in the building. Yeah, he's over there. I do and Doreen is what I heard. 1027 at 560 at WQM. If you want somebody to do your carpets. In fact, I was at Mom's for lunch last Thursday, just before I left town on Friday, for I get there a lot of there. And the her carpets are we looking for, I mean, I'm embarrassed because my carpets look great. But her carpets look just like brand new. Anyone on the Y? I don't what? Because dry concepts was there. And not only that, but she actually, hey, remember if you're listening, she paid for it. She refused to take a freebie because she's too embarrassed to keep doing it. And mentioned that she's my mother even though they know that already. She actually paid for it and gave the guy tip to. I, that's incredible. I just mentioned that rumor in case you're listening. Dry concepts, man, they're the best in the world. They did my house a couple of months ago. My carpet floor sensation. Not as good as Maz, but hers aren't. And hers are like as it in your soul, too. It's astonishing. The worst looking carpets in the world. They dry clean and they suck out the deep down. And everybody in the world will think you just had brand new carpeting laid on that floor. Don't forget, no scams, no rip off, no bad surprises after the job. They give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start doing respect. Take it a work. So you're never disappointed. Always have a big smile on your post when they get done. And your carpets are drying a couple of hours. You're ready to rock and roll again. And dry concepts also do it on be the old job of cleaning your furniture and bravery, spot dying, fiber protection, carpet repairs, infant oriental rug service, second to nobody in the universe. The authorization and the flood hits you, complete water damage restoration, too. If you want the best job at a fair guaranteed price every time, these are the people, dry concepts. In Robert call 954-3707778. 954-3707778. In date or Palm Beach, the call is free. Call tool free 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071. Clean today, entertain tonight with dry concepts. It's day here. What's the criteria they play down the whole? That's dollar. Well, a garbage. The kids, today, don't know what's good. Like that song, I'm happy I live in a split level head. You remember that? How can you listen? I'm happy I live in a split level head. I'm happy I live in a split level head. You remember that? No. Why am I surrounded by morons? Come on, how he? Don't you call me how he? Why are nothing so important he should run you by? Oh! Come on, don't you? You're a shut-off festival. Okay, touch it. You're all fired. You're pan-scoping the movements. You listen to me, you're fired. You'll be the ghost for you too. You know who I am, I'm the king of our designs. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. I came down here after losing my charm about to be a big fish. You're a little punk. When they kicked me your BSP and they told me don't come back again. I had some problems with wise guys who would buy diamond 2000 days. Oh, you! You have fire. That bank's here later all the way down. I came up with your fire. I hope that just goes well done. I hope you die. I hope you all die. I'm a big fish of little punk to see you. A big fish of little punk. Is that a chaos in your bag? I'm a big, big, big little punk, a big, big little punk. A big, big little punk. Yeah! I don't want to tell you what you're doing. 1033 at 5.60, WCM. What does look a blind bin on all summer yet on? He must be doing some really good crap. You know what I mean? Yeah, I know what you mean. Is he sharing them in the pocket? No, he doesn't share. You can tuck it. Now, what is wicka? Which is? Is that what that is? Modern, which is, it's the word that which is that which comes from. See, I knew if anybody would know the answer that would be George since he's an expert all his crap. The crap expert. By the way, how does the blind Garnts he doing? Who? The Kentucky Department of Corrections has suspended formal Satanic worship service of the Green River Correctional Complex. While officials work to shape a statewide policy on a practice, how about Tony Crowwood? Inmated Green River, a medium security prison in Central City had been allowed to hold weekly Satanic services this summer as part of the official religious services calendar said Lisa Carnahanic Corrections spokeswoman. We honestly didn't know it was on a religious calendar Carnahan had said after the Lexington Harold leader questioned the practice. Where we're searching it to see what we're required to allow one of the law. But we found information that indicates that Satanic services could be a threat to the institutions. So for now, we won't aid or abet Satanic worship. Well, thank God for that. Under Federal Law and U.S. Supreme Court decisions, correctional institutions may not prohibit the exercise of inmates religious freedom, as long as the practice of the recognized religions is not compromised to safety of other inmates or the staff to Joe Weedon, manage your the government affairs for American Correctional Association. Satanic services were suspended Thursday at Green River after the newspapers inquiry. Inmates of at least two of the states, 14 other probs for his practice Satanism on their own Carnad said. What does that mean? They like the like nail a chicken to the outside of their cell door, something like that. Carnahan said the state has not suspended wicked services, which also were held at Green River and three other prisons. Wicked a practice is witchcraft, but these are the divine and every element of nature. We don't have any materials that indicate that Wicked or compromised in the safety of the institutions. Carnahan had said, see haven't I always said that anybody who believes that any religion should be an institution? Haven't I always said that? I guess you would. The issue arose at Green River a few months ago when one inmates saw permission to practice Satanism, Warden Patty Webb decided was safer to give inmates a specific time in place to worship where they'd be monitored, rather than letting them practice among themselves on the prison yard. Carnahan said, only two inmates who had up by a week for the Satanic services at Green River can tuck you officials of learn that policies in other states vary. For example, prison officials in Texas were 150 inmates say they follow Satanism, for heaven to services. We've looked at the Satanic Bible and they're convinced that what an advocates would put our prisons there risked safety wise to Donald Casper, chaplain from the Texas system. One of their tentants is revenge if somebody hurts you hurt them back. Like they said in the Godfather, they hit us, we hit them back. We hit Bruno to tell you, three o'clock this morning. We didn't say he didn't think the numbers have been compiled on how many inmates across the West practice Satanism. Isn't that pathetic? Isn't that tragic? Isn't that typical? Are the US surveillance yours? Now you've faced me this thing about the and funny, you should practice this. Well, funny, somebody should send it. Or it's from the BBC, eh? About the diabetes monitor, the tent. Yeah, I'm on a fascinating, I think. Because I saw a story on it yesterday. And of course, being an old diabetic myself, I set up an a chair and I looked at it, eh? Scientists are, oh, and this device may end the need for a skin prick test, right? Man. And there are a few things more painful than that skin prick, not really. I've been doing that for 15 years, I've been pricking my fingers. And? And, uh, the feel. And, don't feel like anything. I just feel like a prick. Exactly, I couldn't say it better myself. See, now he's sitting off his own stuff, I'll close that one. That's what happens when you put him on all summer, man. He's starting to set up his own crap. That was good though. Scientists are developing a smart tattoo that could tell that that is when their glucose levels are dangerously low. See, I have a problem with that, you want to know why? Why? I don't want to generalize, but it would seem to me that your glucose level might be dangerously low, like when you're in bed sleeping. Right? I mean, I can assure you. You're not going to be looking at your tattoo while you're, you know, cutting z's to your clock in the morning. Neither are you going to be pricking your finger or taking your blood to a level. Sugar level. It would also mean that that, but it's no longer have to subject themselves to the finger prick devices that turn through they must use every day. The tattoo's been designed. You know, something I don't care. Unless it was accurate. It has fluorescence levels could be measured using the right such as a watch that would also give you a read out of their glucose level. When they get that, then I'll get it. Pelluminary studies in tattooed rats that have been given injections of glucose of yielded promising results. Regular tattoos consist of ink particles that are taken up by the cells in the skin. In this case, polymer molecules are injected on the skin using a needle. Because the molecules are slightly bigger than ink particles, they don't know the cells, but they remain in interstitial fluid. That surrounds them. I would assure you that word the interstitial fluid. Dr. Kote said this is important because the level glucose in the interstitial fluid is directly related to blood glucose, whereas the glucose inside the cells would be nearly non-existent because it's almost immediately converted to energy. A spokesman for the charity diabetes UK. Oh, this is a British to a BBC. Of course. So people would die in the easy to test their blood glucose levels on a regular basis. And for most people, this means pricking their finger to draw blood. A pain-free testing system is something of a holy grail. How about that BB King spot? I'm leaving a pain behind. Yeah, I'll see that. I sure do. Leave an a pain. I'm so tired. If I see that spot one more time, I may have to shoot him in the end. Oh, okay. Brian did a bit and they can find out that. Is that a BB pain behind me? What is it called? I don't know. On that thing you said isn't the DCS about circumcision not in mine? Really? What is it called? My four skins back. No. With a four. Oh, it's spelled with a four. Like I said, it's like I wrote. Wow, no. Okay. My mistake. Another mistake. Listen, who had we had a little problem there at the beginning of the day because this is just a dry run. Okay. We got 155 votes on the survey and an hour. That's pretty weak right there. See, we're trying to get the audience back after a long hot summer after a Labor Day weekend after the kids are back in school. Are they back? No. No. What were you doing on September the 11th? We asked in our poll on theorangers.com today. Living my life as usual, 115. I'm here for those people, including me. That's what I voted. I'm sure that's what George voted. Yes. Because he'll be working on that day or else. He's hiding under the bed 20 watching TV all day so I can follow in the memory and the misery of last year. Nine, taking a commercial flight seven and traveling by car train or bus four seven brave so you know something if that's true, we have no way to know it. But if that's true, I respect those people a lot, you know, even if they're more on. Sure. In fact, maybe that's why they're going because they're more on. Well, good luck to you folks. Okay, because you'll need it. See what I'm worried about is not so much another terrorist attack on planes. Because I don't think that's what they're going to do it again. Right. I'm worried that like because it's going to be 9 11, we have so many assholes in this country, somebody is going to do something crazy on a flight next week. These stupid ass copycats. Right. Like like there's you on fire or some crap. 10 40, 20 before level, we got Jim managed it one. We got Hank from the Crystal Palace at three briefly because 435 we got the Marlins and Metz double header. Anybody excited about that? No. 435 to free game Marlins on direct 510 the first pitch. Any K-time for meeting after game 2 and Joe and Mark the dirty boys overnight. But I mentioned that Joe and his buddies loved to ride a well out and had a great day. And about how they loved the Nestle's turtle's ice cream phenomenally well. Yes. Alright, you love your home, but you need more space. So what do you do? You're probably wondering here's the answer. For you do what hundreds of what Zillion to other people are doing. Do the smart thing. Call strictly additions. Whether you're having a baby like George, you need another room. If you're converting a car porter patio into living space. If you're going into business for yourself, want to make a home office. Call strictly additions. There are your one stop shop, more space for your place, place with an absolutely worry for your approach to expanding your living space. There was no choice by the contractors and going to happen. In complete work, no way Jose. No unexpected bills, no worries about the job not being done right. And they take care of every detail for you. They drop your blueprint. They get the building permits and handle all your inspections. Strictly additions has an easy five step approach to the turtle customers satisfaction. Number one, they call the schedule of free project evaluation appointment at your home. For a project estimator will determine the scope of your addition. Two scheduled a bit of hope and there can be an insurer or you'll get a detailed proposal and exact price for the work and exact price. Three select your finishing touches and go to contract. For review of the design architectural drawings and five, use it back and relaxes your dream edition moves ahead on schedule and with unbeatable quality. See how easy that was? So, call strictly additions at this number nine five four seven nine one eight one hundred. That's nine five four seven nine one eight one hundred. They're listed on the shared professionals who really care about the work they do. And be sure and tell them that it will deal on PD Lenny told you to call nine five four seven nine one eight one hundred four strictly additions. Five and more. This four twenty five six two way. Yeah. Flight check. Sir. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. And go. There is a party girl's life party girl's life party girl's life. Oh. Oh. And go there is a party girl's life party girl's life party girl's life party girl's life. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. I'm sure back. Play dark spread. That fish hatch is good. That fish hatch has fish hatch and fish hatch and fish hatch has fish hatch and fish hatch. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. The left of Mangalas such a good Christian girl. You want a stranger to her. Fonted for gay, sushi, dating, political politics, Fonted for gay, and strong, on the floor, and masturbating. A Republican's Yankee home. She's a federal relation, but making liberal, is certainly worth you know, in a many search show in Cameldo. And folks who knows what's taken me in a many search that's felt fishy. She's a dog drink a water on the sidewalk and order with a back alley up. If you like your dog's dollar, it's got some money. She'll spread those headaches with the kids, the rent and the shark's fake, and cold their ankles or political London, the actual drug. And the G.T.L.A. So, speaking to that bitch, yes, this fact, you just sent me, which is great. Do we know where this is the center daily, a news? No, I did not. Oh, well, that's what this was in. And maybe somebody will notice that the center daily time is the name of the publication. Anyway, it's editor's file an open letter to end colder. It says, dear end colder, you're fired. It's not that extreme viewpoints are unwelcome on the opinion pages of center daily times. All political viewpoints from Cal Thomas on the right to Molly Ivins on left are welcome here. But we don't welcome haters and that's what you are. Why do you either a hater or a hypocrite who calls names and spews enmity because you believe it to get your pretty face on television more or self-capitalist of your best-selling books? In either case, we won't be publishing your Friday columns anymore. We decided not to publish a piece of yours a few weeks back, because it was nothing more than a sexual history of some of your enemies, I.E. private citizens who dare to give money to the Democrats. I wrote a column about why we held the piece and told readers that if you continue to cross the line, we can you. Your Friday column, which you declare that liberals are no good, then trash the entire Kennedy clan as a collection of heroinatics, convicted killers, cheaters, bootleggers, and disillude drums crossed that line. I'm not going to defend the Kennedy family or liberals. He's a group can argue with you if they like, but Anne, you're mean, vicious, really, which is why we do not believe that you in any way serve the public good. On the late summer morning almost a year ago, all of us, Republicans, Democrats and everyone else witnessed what hate is capable of, since that day, Americans have tried to remember that they're on the same side regardless of differences in skin color, nation of origin, religion, or political viewpoint. It has not always been easy because more than ever, those who are different can see more threatening, but we're trying because what we have in America is worth keeping. And Anne, you're not helping. You do nothing to elevate our spirits to celebrate the great bond that holds us this and really people together and makes us a nation. Hate is easy, love is hard. Our great nation gives you the freedom of the hate or all you want to even make a buck off it if you can, but even better, it gives us the right not to have to listen. So, when you're fired, express some of our readers are going to be mad at us over this, but we hope they'll understand that while we joyfully publish a wide spectrum of political and social viewpoints, we condemn hate where we find it. You won't miss us much, Anne, heck you're rolling in money and your fans can find your column on the internet anyway. We'll start looking for somebody to replace you and won't be easy because you sure are flashy and lots of folks like flashy, but political conservatives are who's other columnist of merit, whose ideas will provide subject fit for public consumption and debate writers who don't believe those who disagree with them are traders or worse. Since nearly Bob Unger, executive director of the Center Daily News, I'd like that. He's so Bob, that's going Bob, baby, that bitch. So, all we can say about Anne Cole for man that we can put on the year is a fucking bitch and that's the compliment. Here's an interesting article. Boy, you know, I'm not, I see, I have all this stuff here and so many days this stuff that the audience sends in here, but that's okay. Keep it coming, guys, as interesting or even more so. And kills a lot of good time. Boy, by the numbers is told by a diligent scorekeeper, this is by Dana Milbank in today's Washington Post. President Bush's trip to Pittsburgh yesterday was his 13th Dependous Enthus taking office his third of the Pittsburgh area. His second Labor Day appearance with a carpet as Union, then 70 second domestic trip overall. How do we know this? There's only one source Mark Norr, the leading collector, modern presidential, our canna. How many four leaders has Bush met with? Norr has got at 136. How many states has Bush visited so far? Norr has got at 43. How long did Bush's round of golf last on July 6th? Norr's got at 2.5 hours. The 50 year old CBS News Radio correspondent has been covering the White House on her office in the Ford Administration in every day for the past 11 years. Collected data about presidential activities is if we're baseball trivia. The bearded often crumudgingly Norr can be found in the filing center on most every presidential trip. His centaurian voice booming out 35 second takes for radio as many as 20 a day and shaping the days news where dozens of journalists who can't help but hear him. When he's not recording one of the more than 10,000 radio spots he's done over the past decade, he spends hours wake up dating his famous statistical logs. Other reporters, academics, to rely on them. The Clinton White House even has Norr for his logs turns out the newsman kept better track of president Clinton's travel than the president's AIDS did. These statistics Norr resembles produced many revealing portraits of the Bush presidency. Bush has spent a total of a whopping total of 250 days of his presidency of Camp Dave in 123, Kenneth Bunkport, 12, and his Texas Ranch 115. This means that Bush has spent 42% of his term so far at one of his three leisure destinations. Today, the presidents devoted four more time to golf, 15 rounds than the solo news conferences six. The numbers also show that Bush after holding three news conferences in his first four months is had only three and more in the last 15 months, not counting the 372 and a.s. as he's had with four leaders during his term. Bush has raised $14.8 million this year at 40 AGOP events. Surpassing Clinton's record of 105 but in 2000 from two hundred and three events, the Bush White House has challenged his tailio only once and Norr counted with voluminous evidence the judges decision is final. He says. Norr got a job out of NYU in 1975 with associated press radio, covering the last few months of forward and also taking stints through the Carter and Reagan administrations. After moving to CBS in 1988, he covered last year of the first president Bush in just about every day since. On May 8th, and without children, he takes almost every presidential trip and merely stops working. I find when I take a day off and take so much time to get up to speed, I'd rather work at bees you're on myself. Just like us, George. Oh yeah. Answer reporter, Norrly rarely breaks news. There's no time to do investigative journalism when you're filing 20 times a day, but he exerts influence in another way. His powerful voice, inescapable to those within 50 yards that are in the summarizes every speech or briefing with in moments for other White House correspondence. Norr's voice booming out of his quick and woody attacks on the day's story unconsciously settles into all our brains and no doubt finds its way to our copies said Ron for a year, the chief AP White House correspondent. He may be the most influential and respected reporter in a press court. Do you ever hear of him? No. Neither night. In addition to his impressive volume is his briefcase full of presidential stats. Norr walks around with a thick vanilla folder with printouts of his logs, which he also keeps on distant and a mainframe computer for eight years he's kept a log of every day of the president's scheduled out of the smallest detail. Probably even as the M's as well. I'm sure. August 6 indicates that Bush arrives at the airport near his ranks with spot, Barney and India in a pet carrier. Norr even notes that the cat in need did not get to join the two dogs on marine one. During the Bush administration, which practices the none of your business theory of public disclosure, the logs have become even more valuable. They don't want to talk about the strategy themselves, but they reveal it by what they have said to the court. The first thing that the court said to the court is that the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court said the court heard the court said the court said the court said it is the court said the court said the court said the court hit the court said the court said the court said the order saying the court told so that table acting with this court said the court said the court said he would live on with this court said he would lie down with this court said the court said the court didn't know the officials said we found one. All right. I don't do math. There is increasing intelligence information from the investigation that for the first time alleged drug sales in the US are going in part to support terrorist organizations in the Middle East, the EA administrator asked Whole Hutchinson said on Friday. The EA officials said the men most of them were indebted on drug charges after their January arrest. We're smuggling large quantities of chemical, pseudo-feggreen from Canada and the Midwest. Oh not from Canada, what is it got with some out on the street? They're looking at that. He's peddling it. Spare some change, eh? Oh yeah, Jones is buddies love that. Officials said the smuggling went through two primary Midwest location Chicago and Detroit and involved several men with ties to Jordan, Yemen. What's the name of that country? Lebanon, nothing Middle East countries. There's no evidence that any of them on it was connected to the 911 terrorist attacks however official to be seen. pseudo-feggreen is used in some popular cold and allergy medications. It's an essential ingredient in the creation of Math and Fettamine, a powerful and increasingly popular drug known on the streets is ice, poor man's cocaine, or crystal meth. And if you spill it all what a meth, users generally inject your smoke meth. I shouldn't have said that. Now every time I say it, I feel like a little more fruity than usual. You, uh huh? No, you don't be, don't be saying meth. I dial fact again about your fruity, uh yes, peach. Users generally inject your smoke meth. The powdery substance is produced by heating a dozen chemicals. The US drug ring was reselling pseudo-feggreen to Mexican-based drug operations in the Western US that used the pseudo-feggreen to produce meth and fedamine authorities be saying. The Middle East or men that were diverting some of the proceeds from the pseudo-feggreen sales back to the Middle East to account the authorities have begun to connect to terrorist group the E.A. officials said some of the connections involved in the Iranian-backed terror group has Bola and some of the money's been traced to accounts in Lebanon and Yaman officials said. The E.A. officials said US authorities don't know yet how much money was funneled from the drug sales of the terrorist groups but said the pseudo-feggreen sales alone amounted to millions of dollars. So all your people out there with a joint, you're helping out terrorism, okay? Even though I had nothing to do with this, don't confuse them with the facts. I think I'm gonna ice my arm again during the show. All right, because that helped, no, I really did help the lot. Will wait. I think it, it can use like another shot right now. Can't hurt. 184 votes on our pool. What were you doing a week from tomorrow on 9-11? And believe me, the media is going to get you whipped up into a psychotic frenzy where you want to be or not. Living my life as usual, 135 and a half percent of this crowd are just going to go out with life. Oh, let's hear it for them. People would come in sense. Hiding under the bed 21, but your pussy's taking a commercial flight 10. I'm dubious about that. Watch TV all day so I can water when the misery of last year 10 and traveling by car trainer bus four. So in other words, 10 are gonna fly because they figure at least if they're gonna, you know, risk their life might as well do it high in the sky, right? Right on. Might have not. 1056 at 560 W. Q. Omega, the mad dog the hysterical hound coming along a one o'clock. Hank is back from an o' let's see was he back yesterday? No, no, of course not. Oh, brother, first it was Joseph Gackie and in Josh Friedman. So people will be hysterical to hear Hank from Crystal Palace briefly and then we got the Marlon's Med Stubbleheader to make up for yesterday's rainout starting at 435 with a pre-game. Let me tell you again, Matt for a shopping. There's only one word for it. The way most people do it stupid. That's the word you've heard that before on this station and believe you mean, in this particular case, it is absolutely correct. Because most people are getting their car. They shall have all around town. They go from an apartment store to the apartment store to a bedding store. They waste a lot of gas. They get all sweat enough and along run to get ripped off because they have to pay for the high overhead of those bedding and apartment stores. When you shop with dial a mattress like I do, you don't get ripped off. You can unbeatable low price and you don't have to leave the house. You get all sweat enough. I do as much as I make one easy call. 1-800 mattress and they give you so much more than just great service. They give you an unbeatable deal all the way around. First of all, they got the top names in the business. They got sort of silly, Simmons and King Coil. They give you that phenomenal deal on delivery, which I don't think anybody else in the world gives you deal like that. You pick the day any day the week seven days and the two hours delivery when it's convenient for you. Like between 10 a.m. and noon 1 and 3, 2 and 4, 3 and 5, 4 and 6, 5 and 7, you get it. And they also got it that 30 day in home comfort guarantee. So you can check out that new mattress this smart way by sleeping your ass and the rest of you on it and seeing if it's right for you and your back. So if the old mattress is headed, get yourself a great new mattress very inexpensively in the only smart way by making one easy call. More and more people are hopping on the bad wagon and realizing this is the smart way to do it. Call 1-800 mattress. They'll be at your home knocking on that door and no time at all. 1-800 MATT-R-E-S or check them out on the web if you like at mattress.com. My and local year sports video 560. You a- I get baby. You cut it away quite literally when I was circumcised. Somehow a group back on me amazingly open nice. My fourth is back at the hang-in like a fruit fly. I'm like a boost in everything's fine. I'm like a boy baby. I'm like a backpack. I'm getting good weight short. Now I'm home like a racer. I'm a baby. I'm a baby down the side. How old? How old? I'm a big man now that it grew back over time. It's a big game. My fourth skis back with a boy old was the trouble. My day my day my boy old was a full big and fast-for-size as long as double. My day my boy kis back. My boy kis back. My boy kis back. My boy kis back. My boy kis back. My dad was a little bit like a little bit like a little bit. But you see the thing about McDonald's is cutting the trans fatty acids. Yeah. In the fries. I feel better now. I feel better now. I feel better now. Oh, man. They're showing the you. McDonald's to reduce fat and fries. Which means I don't know if they're going to taste as good. I don't know. What do you mean you don't know? I don't know if they're eating it. I don't know if they're eating it. Booker king. You don't let me finish. I don't know if it'll taste better. That was the question. Yeah. If it's low fat. But I guess you'll find out. McDonald's reduced fat and fries and by saying that they're going to reduce trans fatty fats. Trans fats by 48%. They're admitting that they're killing you. Maybe he's Dutch. Maybe or maybe like remember maybe likes to go Dutch treat. Oh, that's right. Remember don't go Dutch treat. Don't be ribbon-remor today. You got to that great doctor. So you're going to want to spare me to tell us about his cognitive today. And that would be bad. I'm not going to say a thing. So the trans fats are the bad ones. Those are the ones that cause cancer. And the fact that they're showing they're showing they what they're doing. The deep fry man. That's enough to make me gag. It takes a lot to make me gag. But believe you me, that would be one of them. Why is he growing from that site? Oh my god. Did you see it? Of course I thought I thought he'd be frying. Yeah. Yeah. Bubbling and puking and of course they use that same stuff over. I don't know if they're doing that. It's called deep fat. How much more obvious can you get? Right. Deep fat. Like heavy loss of fat. That goes right into your system. It's like pouring a crappening your system. Colors. A bottle of melted down cholesterol and just pouring it down your gullet. Oh, there it is again. These is crazed. They're not only changing the oil for their fries. They're also changing the oil for their hash browns for their crispy chicken sandwiches. For all of those items. It'll be starting in October and now that's a nice few months. Let's take a look at the actual content of the oil. What can they do? I want that around for the hard to make. Hard to make clogging. Oh, we're going to look at this. Well, I've had nine grams of hard to make clogging. If I put the new ones, they're only going to have six grams of hard to make clogging. I love the way they put that on CNN. They put it in perspective. Are we clogging fat? Oh, oh, oh, how do you like them apples? I like it a lot. It's going to make a bit of difference. Nope. The people who are addicted to the taste of those guy named horrible fries. And, you know, I've got to be honest with you. Seriously. I've never been a big French, but first of all, I'm not a big potato person to begin with. Love the taste. I mean, you know, I like a nice baked potato with butter and sour cream and tribes. I can take it or leave it though. It's not something I'm Jones in for. But French fries, to me, are like, I don't know, they don't really have a lot of taste. If we don't write, which is, look, which is why people drown them in mayonnaise or catch up or whatever they stick out. Write a lot of salt. Sure. Right. Right. It's like a bad steak. Now, you would, you don't go to Ruth Christopher example or Bernstake house and ask for steak a sauce and as you're a moron. No. But you do like Peter Luger. But if you go to a crappy steak house, where to meet his like tough and like taste let's then you get this steak sauce and you use slatherer. You lay it on there heavy duty and all your tasting is the taste of the steak sauce. French fries don't really have any taste. If they're done right, they do. The McDonald's fries do. I don't need to catch up when I eat those. George is promoting death right here. Although now that they're going both out of Georgia's broadening your death, your, your fat clog. We're going to have to super size the fries now that they're going to be low fat. Yeah. That's what I call a troll and take up what happened to him. This story is a very disturbing to me. Student arrested for police photos in Peole, Pennsylvania. Peola. Peola, Pennsylvania. A college student of Syrian descent was arrested after a 30's caught him taking pictures of police cars and activity the FBI's warm police departments about after 9.11. Mohammed Boudira, US citizen, was charged with criminal trespassing in the surly conduct after he was found photographing Wollison Township police vehicles last month. But the year 20 has said that the photos are a hobby. His attorney Richard Meenik said there's a large online community of former officers and civilians who are interested in police vehicles. Meenik said the family was upset because they thought police were inferring that Boudira was involved in terrorist activities because he's a middle-end the eastern descent. He's just a college kid who likes to take pictures of cop cars Meenik said. I mean, when, when, don't you think most college kids like taking pictures of cop cars? Most of the ones that I know. Or stealing parking meters. That's what we had. We had a parking meter in our dorm room. What are you laughing about? That's a two-year-old man. I think we're the only ones in a whole campus had a parking meter in our room. All right. Well, if your aren't you supposed to do so, I totally used to put on a two-year-old. A Roxy code and steal a Santan lotion. Never used it. He's just a college kid who likes to take pictures of cop cars. They said, but some police officers said this activity can be dangerous. Especially in a post-911 climate. The FBI said terrorists may try to case emergency vehicles to help carry out an attack. Willis then police chief, Hugh Murray said, Boodyer was first seen in these days. And of course, we know there's going to be a terrorist attack in pay-only Pennsylvania. When you think that'd be a logical place? Why not? He was first seen in these stations parking lot taking photos of his first Murray said an officer noticed Boodyer, not because he was middle eastern, but because of the FBI warning. He was at to delete the photos from his digital camera and leave Murray said. But court documents said he'd be turned to take more photos of following day. That doesn't sound suspicious, doesn't it? Boy, does he have a lot of hits there? Boodyer, who is free on bail, waived his preliminary hearing last week in a platform. A rehabilitation program for nine violent offenders. The program would allow him to perform community service and have the rest. Life from his record. They're going to wipe him, okay? Recto. He's what they're going to do. So how do you make a that? Is that because you're in the Korean? I don't know. I don't know. I see what's the purpose of that. So you take pictures of police cars and then why? I don't know. What do you do with that? Especially in the Hodong College. You're a risk buddy. So pay early Pennsylvania, which I saw. Somehow, I'm just a little hard press to believe that the terrorist are going to like carry out attacks and either candidate when the York or pay early Pennsylvania could be wrong. And against the police car. Or maybe if Solannie Michigan would be a good place. Okay, that would be a great place for them to be a planning. I'm better to keep your eye out on there. Huh? Have you ever been in if Solannie? No. Good. It's a horrible place. It's a terrible place. It's kind of like a place that there's no reason for it to exist. Other than it fills up a certain amount of area between Detroit and Lansing. Or is it between Detroit and Jackson? I don't know when it's been so long, you know. I have to go back to Michigan. Back to Detroit. What do you say? No. I don't think so. So did I mention that Joe and his buddies had a great time in Toronto. They loved the city. Yeah, you did. Mom, I'm going to mention it again. They went to the CN Tower, which Joe Kipperferringed was this space needle. I tried telling them the space needle wasn't the Seattle. Yeah, well, he can say it. Well, he, you know, he's not perfect. He's like all the rest of us. He makes mistakes. Officials defend air marshals acts. Now you saw that story about the air marshals when he was a dead federal officials defended the response of an air marshal who trained his gun on a passenger filled jet cabin for 30 minutes after detaining a man prouncing protest by Judge who was on the flight. Two arm marshals detain the man on Delta flight 442, which was flying from Atlanta to Philadelphia with 183 people on board because he allegedly was rummaging through other people's luggage. One marshal then held his gun on the coach cabin passengers because some of the McDoord orders remain seated with their seat belts on a spokesman for the TSA said Sunday. If people would have stayed in their seats and he did those warnings that would not have happened, so TSA spokesman Robert Johnson and Washington, it's our opinion that it was done by the book. After one or more passengers continued moving around the cabin, the air marshals decided they take the next step and focused their weapons on the passengers part of their training Johnson said while one huddled over the detainee, the other stood by the cockpit door with his gun train on the cabin civil passenger said he said the TSA which oversees federal air marshals was still reviewing the marshals response on the Saturday flight. The man whom the marshals detain was released and he was the journey's office decided not to press charges the FDR spokeswoman Jerry Williams be saying. Johnson said that despite the passengers complaint he thought the marshals did what they needed to do to make sure the plane could land safely. It's a highly charged situation Johnson said it's about keeping the plane secure and I agree with them. Don't you agree? Absolutely. I wish I had been there for that. Because you know, in the other flights it was more than one they were, you know, strategically located around the first class cabin and then all popped up and went in action. How does he supposed to know? Right. To let off the accometlines judge James A. Lionberger who was sitting diagonally across from the detain man said he thought the marshals overreacted by holding their semi-automatic weapons on the passengers for so long. Lionberger also said he had noticed a disturbance before the marshals suddenly took the man up to first class and restrained him. Several minutes later the judge said the marshals returned to the coach cabin pulled out their guns. I assumed that that moment there was going to be some sort of gun battle he said. I'm looking right down the barrel of the gun as though was pointed at me. Lionberger said he plans to follow complaint with the TSA today. He said about 30 other passengers also plan to complain. David ensues Johnson at Mobile Alabamas said they had been aware of any disturbance when the scum marshals took the man first at the back of the plane into the first class section. It never made sense to Susan Johnson 51 of social worker. This guy was not any physical threat that we could see. Maybe he said something to them that made them concerned. He just appeared to us unstable emotionally. Oh, just unstable. Yeah. One passenger average said he thought the marshals handled the situation a con for a professional manner. These guys look pretty well like they had things that are controlled. Robert Van Ditty, Kramer. Huh? His name Robert Van Ditty, dashed Kramer 28, who was in first class. He said the marshals only pointed their gun straight down the aisle. Not at any particular path to I think the situation was extremely well handled said Mr. Van Ditty Kramer. The relation to Brad Kramer. Delta Airlines spokeswoman Christie Tucker said they're on officials with talk with commanders on the flight and would cooperate with federal authorities but to fly to come in further. After the plane landed, police boarded and briefly questioned another man sitting behind line burger but did not retain him with Joe said. And by the way, speaking of airlines, hi to all my good friends, Helen and everybody there can't at all. You know that the flight coming up here was a half hour early getting here. No half hour early. And there was a lady and elderly lady a shfarts. By the way, sitting in the way in the back of the plane who was complaining of like either chess pains or something. So the captain comes on on the house is before we landed. That when we land, stay in your seats because the permedics are going to come on again and ambulance standing by Ariyana. And it's going to take like 10 to 15 minutes and we'll still be very early. You know what took like two minutes and they slept here off the plane and that was it. We still we landed like half hour early. Excellent. And and there were like four guys who came on a permedics. What is it? I know you don't care but it's something I've always wanted. What is it about permedics that they're so good looking, you know. I think the four guys from here. I'm I'm seriously. They could have been models. Three of these guys. I'm sitting there. I'm squeezing myself. Like what is this all about? It's true. I'll try to notice. No. I'm serious. I'm hard attack. And some of might have even been straight all the way down. See, that's another thing. What attracts is it, you know, like fire rescue and everything sliding up that grease pool, you think that might be it. Maybe it. I asked that question, but they're like all McClanzard. What is it about dolphin traders? 12 minutes after 11 at 5.60 WCWM. If you love your home, but want more space, here's the answer how to do it. Do what hundreds of other smart people are doing calls strictly additions. Whether you're having a baby or like twins or triplets like George's next batch and even another room if you're a car porter pet. Petty went living space. If you got it to business for yourself and want to make a home office, call strictly additions. There are your one stop shop, more space for your place, place, with an absolutely worth for your approach to expanding your living space. Those no shows by the contractors won't happen in complete work. No chance. No unexpected bills and worries about the job not getting done right. And they take care of everything for you. They drop your blue prints. They get the building permits handle all the inspections they do it all. Strickly addition has gotten easy. Five step approach to total time. The next step is to do an employer. Number one, call the schedule a free project. Invite your home where project estimator will determine the scope of your addition. Number two, they schedule a bit of a convenient and convenient. Where you'll get a detailed proposal and an exact price for the work. Number three, they select your finishing touches. Go to contract. Four review of the design architectural drugs. Number five, use it back and relaxes your dream edition moves ahead on schedule with unbeatable quality. That's all there is. It's a piece of cake. Give strictly addition to work. Seven nine one, eighty one hundred. That's nine five four seven nine one, eighty one hundred. Their license, they're ensuring professionals who care about doing spectacular work for you. Call them and tell them that old meal toward a call nine five four seven nine one, eighty one hundred four strictly addition. Nine five and low. Six is four trillion five six. You, you, you, you. You, you. You, you. You go get yourself. Looking at yourApplause, the department says about the point to reveal where etiquette patio locker as cash. That is losing his passion. For a beautiful purpose, just a big go at getting a Order the troops you go give up their lives For the world big and gas stations The skyline at all costs Why try it? The lights that will be lost Can't buy it! There's more important things to do What the hell is wrong with you Who's the fool? Now bring five white-collar crines Except for your footage at one Cheeking his buys for thunder, he's a right Because he wears for shab on Tower and be you as a dick-chaley Think for four of five blindes of good signs But heaters from all around the world of reeds Your up-bombed journey, reeds are... Yes! The time's high, night all costs Why try it? The lights that will be lost Can't buy it! There's more important things to do What the hell is wrong with you Who's the fool? Double to walk through his bay through day That's the decision he's reaching Double to just stand in, saying as you say What somebody in the kitchen Oh, right! 119.5.60. Nobody came. I want to make a point today I'm actually in since it's the thirdest September Labor Day has gone. The summer All the summer schedule is gone. Today is the official day that we start back to normal Right? Right! Such as it is Such as it is, in other words, I'm on every day Moe is on every day except like after a tough Barments, isn't weddings, and football broadcast And a mad dog and Hank is back from vacation Today at the Crystal Palace But he's not really back, but he's on Just like I'm not back, but I'm on I got it. I'm on something Just back? Jeff Who? Cohen? Is he there? Yeah! Hey, Pony, tell how you doing Don't put him on the air. He'll start telling photographic stories. Okay. So what's the deal now? Were they really supposed to open on If they're even put him on for a second Is he in there with you? Yeah, he's running around right now As we speak. And I see now you're making me Now you're making me feel bad because I'm making me in the food Oh, not that I need the food you understand Everything's got bread. Everything he brought has a lot of bread You missed your chance when you were here No, no, you don't understand. I had my balance for life Which is the next spot on a log by the way I've found for life every day too I'm on it. You could still cheat once in a while Are you on it? Yes, I've been on it for four months So how are you doing? About 15, 16 pounds off from my midsection Which is what I want to do is it? Great. My mother's on it She's lost 35 pounds. Woo! See how come you don't give us this information for Cryinolive given the information you're just, you know This and you're in town. We don't go out. No, it was then it would be an eating experience Just like with the rimmer. You keep eating with the rimmer. Okay Keep your company until I'm ready to have some more meals I'm doing pretty damn well. There's a lot of funds One eighty six. Cool. Yeah, I'm going to see it Yeah, so anyway, we were hoping to open a week from yesterday But the in my friend Marcie, but what you are going to take care of her please Absolutely. From Walgreens over there right in front of where your new joint is Yep. She told me September the third night said this is great. You know, These somebody tells me gives me some information and then come to find out it's going to be late So the holiday is kind of screwed up some of the inspections that, you know, Minor technicality that we have to have. You even sound thinner. Does anybody believe that? No, but it sounded good. We're not a real human sound. You can see it. Yeah, I feel better. I feel a lot more energy. There you go. Yeah, works. It works great. I know that I know that I, I used my elbow. I'm like the pickiest guy when it comes to eating out as you know. In fact, a guy like you that works out so much and hangs out of the gym I think that you want to know about my brositis about my elbow. I've had that before, man. And what did you do before? I went to it. I went. I got anti and flamatory's nice. And what anti and flamatory's nice? And I, and I, Well, I can't do the anti and flamatory's most of them because I'm diabetic. Okay. Then you know what I can do? I can't do the ice. I'm a diverset in all day. In fact, what I'm going to do when the show is over, I'm going to stick my elbow in the freezer for a couple hours. No, seriously, the ice helped tremendously. Everybody's been telling me, oh, put ice on it and I've been using this, the flex wall, all this smears stuff, you know? Which is heat and it hasn't done a goddamn thing and I just got to stick it in for a morning and the improvement is sensational. So how do you like talking to a big shot up in Toronto, huh? Pretty cool. I wish I was there, man. I'm stressed him with all the stuff for the next door. I'll bet you do. Talk to Joe Costell. I'll tell you how much he loved it up here. Did I mention George that Joe and his buddies loved it up here? No, you haven't. Oh, let me tell you about that. Okay, now I got a cigarette by the pointy. I thought I'm going to do a jiffles. Oh, I got to see it when he went by the date. Charles the Rember's double. Okay. The new date is about seven to ten days and you guys will be the first to know. I will take the an hour. Okay, keep tuned to QAM for the opening of the brand new pizza love on the quarter. Not healing sunrise right by Walgreens. Now you don't mind if I keep mentioning Walgreens? I don't care, especially after 27 years of only one location. You know what a big thing this is? The reason I mentioned the Walgreens thing, that is because my friend Marcie works. They're not a lot of people in their love me, but because of the fact you have one little liability to overcome and that is you can't be seen from the street. I have you. I don't have to be seen from the street. No, no, but I'm just saying. So to give people a specific idea where it is, it's in that little shithripped shopping center right behind the Walgreens. I mean, how could you do better than that? In fact, in fact, when you drive to the prescription pickup drive through window Walgreens, you're like, look and write it to your place. I don't know what you're doing. Right, that's right. You got it. And there are a few things that make me lose my appetite and thought of looking at your joint. Anyway, have a good time Jeff, which I'm sure you will. Okay. And say goodbye. Okay. Now George, I got the dilemma here because I got two stories. Okay, which I'm not sure which one I want to do. Thank you very much. The David Sanger column from the times that I did prove, but didn't read in its entirety during the break. I already it's got to be on it. A silence that cool it wouldn't be. So thank you whoever facts that in. The Oprah story, which Oprah is, I don't even better I think. Which one should we do for Oprah? Oprah. Oprah source to a deadly 275. What had one of those ones? You had one of what? An Oprah sore. Oh, if you saw the picture of her push. Oh, man, talk about it. Uh, oozing wound. Yeah, with oozing open Oprah sore. Woo. Oprah's bloated face is puffy and full of ripples. This is in the inquire. This is another one. See every week the tablets they put in at least one picture. That's worth going on and picking and buying the magazine or at least looking at it in the new stand. Just for seeing that picture. This is on page 34 in this week's inquire. Binge eating ignites deadly health crisis for a poor old Oprah. Oh, right. Yeah. Oh, my god. Puffy and full of ripples. Man. So I guess we'll do that one first. And we'll do the bush thing. All right. We got the mad dog coming up. Wanna clock this afternoon. The constipated canine. You know, I'm looking at my log and I keep crossing off a break ahead of time. You think I've tried to tell myself something? It doesn't matter. Have you ever noticed on the log when I finished doing a break? I was crossing off in bright of course. And I've done this for two hours now. I keep crossing off like one hand. Stop it. I'm in a hurry. Wow, I'm in a hurry to go stick my arm in a freezer. I have it five sixty WCM speaking of balance for life. And what a great. How do you like that? Jeff Cohen has lost what he's say, 15 pounds and his mother 35. Yes. And the beast who had the great pleasure seeing when I was there for a few days. The beast has lost 52 disgusting. Rotest cottage cheese. Phil Pounds. And looks almost human. I want to underline me almost. He's still got a way to go. But he's down from 284 to 232. In fact, wouldn't surprise me if like this week. He gets, you know, down, 2.30ish. It's just amazing in it. It is amazing. No more barbecues because somewhere is over. No more vacations, kids are back in school. How much weight have you gained? And coupled with the soft photo humidity that weightiness might be unbearable. So it's time to treat yourself. Lose weight and get healthy. And we've been telling you about balance for life and the great results. Everybody's getting with it. And now it's your turn. No cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no calorie counting. No carbohydrate, no worries, just results. Balance for life combines an knowledge of the zone diet, which special emphasis on the glycemic values of carbohydrates, which controls your sugar levels. And they deliver in that little black sack right your doorstep. Three or four or four or four or four levels. Two delicious next right in that little thing every day. Atkins even right about the benefit of the glycemic index is a useful tool for selecting foods. And I'm eating three to four full meals a day as essential for keeping your blood sugar steady. And as a matter of fact, you know something. It's funny to me that you put that in a copy this way because I noticed that after like several days on this the balance for life. Yeah. My blood sugar has been spectacular and level and level. In fact, I got out of level and I was put a right of my public and it was like the little thing was right in the middle. You ever use a level? Yes. Yeah, with the real weight loss program, that's some crazy fat diet which is going to let you get all the weight back. The only choices you have to make are the two alternative for each meal every day that you run a program. And of course, if you diabetic especially, it's fantastic for you because like I said, keeps your blood sugar level spectacular. Call balance for life right now and end all your worries about losing weight. This is a piece of cake without the calories in the carbs. Call 9.5.4. 5.6.8. 32.29. 9.5.4. 5.6.8. 32.29. You'll start seeing results almost instantly or check them out on the web if you like. Add balance for life. . My life is closed. This is 4.25. But I'm in a whole year of Nicole. We're going into the personal life story now. You know, that's otherwise what I mean, I have to talk about. We're used to prize by this divorce. No, I begged him to really, yeah, just fire me. He said he called Tom Goclott sort of a commitment. Yeah. And then I was doing. Oh, it's coming for people. Really? Yes. So that's got to be fun. That's got to be living out of fantasy. Amazing. It's so entertaining. I got to be honest. What is going on in your head that that comes out? Get out of here. Get out of here. I'm the one. What are you saying? Do you remember? I said, no, it's my imagination. Was that book a Brian on a pizza? That's fine. No, it was not your imagination for the second time in this show. And all over town, all over all the radio stations in town. All right. So in other words, he's making a few extra bucks book a Brian. I don't know. Oh, he won't be crying in mone and then so depressing next time I see him. No. You're right. He will be. Anyway, here's the enquire, which reports that Oprah source to aid deadly 275 pounds. Binge beating Oprah. Winfrey has a lot. What did I just say? Binge beating. Binge beating. Binge beating. Binge eating Oprah. Winfrey has lost her 15 year battle of the ball. She packed on 45 pounds over the past several months. Sorry to aid deadly. 275. Oh. stereo. The talk queen. I thought that was me. The talk queen is ditched her diet and scaled her way back on exercise. Alarming friends, her doctor and even boyfriend, Stedman Graham sources say, but 48 year old Oprah says he's getting tool to keep up a vigorous diet and exercise regimen. And she's relieving the stress of recent setbacks by gorging on her favorite treats. In February, the five seven entertainer tips of scales at 257 pounds. I've said you want to. She's got the beast beat by a mile. But then she made an all a. effort to lose weight and slim down. But as your personal problems mounted, she packed on weight at a staggering rate until she reached to all time high, just 25 pounds shy of the scale busting 300 pound bar. Let's hear it for good old Oprah. The acquire got exclusive pictures of a bloated out of shape. Oprah. Huffing and puffing while doing a slow jog along a beach in Maui, Hawaii. The star has to look her best on TV and in her magazine has top make up expert set of disposal. But the shocking and querying photo, so what show what she really looks like. Like Elsey, the board and cow and heat. Oprah's gotten so heavy, the weight gain is even distorted her facial structure. Her face is swollen nearly beyond recognition. It's puppy and full of ripples in her face too. The flesh is bumpy with peaks and valleys in inside source. She's been retaining excess amounts of water in her face is blown up. Despite her extreme right, we learned that after Oprah does a brief workout. She often indulges in a feast of fatening foods. Oprah is about to raise the white flag and surrender once and for all her weight of pal told the inquire. Her weight has gone up and down for years as she tried every diet and exercise method known to man, but lately she's been making only a half heart of the temp. She knows she's putting her elbow over her health and danger. Her doctor has already said her cholesterol count is too high, and that she's risking a heart and other problems the beloved performers, Yo Yo died and can also do great harm. Yo Yo. The constant weight loss in gain can be extremely hard on the body to clear joy bower. I want to see if she's related to the power plan on guiding light. You think? No. The only thing she's kind of pop of power? She's kind. Nistva. A top in the earth nutritionist in the author of the 90-10 weight loss plan who is not treated. Oprah. People who lose weight break quickly tend to put it on very quickly when they fall out their diet and this can be dangerous bower told the inquire. Maybe kind of Hank bower. These individuals put themselves at high risk for heart attack strokes and other problems. But Oprah feels there's little more she can do. She's exhausted herself fighting her marathon more again fat. She says the 15-year battle to keep her way down is we're adhered to the point. She can hardly raise the energy to care. We feel the pal. And like I said, in every one of these tabloids stories, everybody's got a pal. Right, pal. Before she used to run six miles at the end, spend our after hour in the treadmill walking off-pounds. Now she makes only a token effort at burning calories. She also lost the wheel part. She once had to stay away from the salty fatty greasy food she loves. They're fried chicken and cheese and chips that are her bean. Fried chicken. How about if she would like, you know, watermelon is not bad. Wouldn't that be better? It's not me. Or maybe a banana or two. There you go again. Just like that's her main away. I'm a story of Venus Williams. The table one was about how many bananas can eat that mo get all the better shape about. Calm down, mo. You know, I think it's a good idea. Nobody gives a crap. She's binge eating. We're talking about Oprah. She walks the treadmill for half an hour. Then sits down with a bucket of fried chicken and some. Can't you see that? She's now at a bucket of fried chicken and some potato chips. He knows better. But she's willing herself into denial rather than putting in the hours it takes to be healthy. Sitting down with a big bucket of Kentucky fry. I can see it now. You can just eat a bones on the floor. Sitting there passed out with a surrounded by bones. She says she's getting too old to continue to fight in the more weight she gains. The heart of that fight becomes as so many of us know. I'm all starting to feel sorry for Oprah. Almost. The weight stress is for her joints. Oprah. As it's hard to face the pain of running or walking when her knees feel like we're going to crumble. Lately, it's kind of so little like fat boy, doesn't it? Yeah. Crumbling ankles, crumbling hips. And my dead friend that was what happened before he died. A lot of her off of each shut his lips. Lately, she's made the dangerous mental switch of deciding that maybe she was just meant to be heavy. The change in her thinking is alarming. Some friends of words that she's going to drop dead from a heart attack. But it's Oprah. Spore a fight. And she's a short, what is it? And short of tying her to a bat. Short of tying her to a bed and keeping away from food. There's not a lot of anyone can do. It conjures up the image of that guy in her elbow who was lying in the bed. But in his case, they kept bringing him in the food. Can't you see that? You can just see her so big and so pathetic and feeble that you can't get out of the bed. Probably a tip and 500 pounds. And everybody's bringing her buckets of chicken. I bet you Jeff Cohen will send her pizzas for a free plus on TV. She does try a little bit to watch what she eats and exercise. But where she used to devote all her spare time through her weight troubles. Now she devotes 50 minutes here in there. She says the battle has become too hard to fight. She wants it over with. Recently Oprah spent four nights at the Four Seasons resort on Maui. The star who still needs to keep a presentable appearance for a TV show was wended and struggling. And she slowly jogged along the resort's beach. A concern source told the inquirer. When it was rainy out, she did the treadmill and resorts gym for about 10 or 15 minutes. It was like the old days when she'd put an hours a day at a hotel gym. She's obviously in a lot of pain to work out there. Sure. And at the inside source, Oprah's weight has reached an all-time high. She's up to 275. It's not uncommon for it to pack on up to six pounds a week. She's gone back to eating dessert after every meal as well as using desserts as a daily snack. Chocolate cake, cheesecake and calorie laden pasteries are an everyday item for Oprah. They calm her nerves the way a martini comes and alcoholics. She can relate to that. Sure. Her cholesterol is higher than ever. Her doctor is concerned about her tremendous weight gain. He's ordered before the lose some weight before she kills herself. Lose some weight. Never had bankrothed. Lose some weight. You son of a bitch. Remember that? That was a great number. Most of our friends haven't seen Oprah. I mean, I haven't seen another haven't seen that or a fan. You wait for you, honey. Yeah. And that was Shane. The most people haven't seen fatso. The fat people. It should be mandatory. It should be. They should like with the Malcolm McDowell. They should sit down and further guide the movie. Right. We've brought their eyelids open with toothpicks and forcing them to watch it over and over again. I love the scene where he says, I feel sorry for me. There's nobody like Dom Della. But he's let's hear it for Dom. I still alive. Okay. But Reynolds likes him a lot. What do you think that's all about? I just maybe worth it. Or maybe friendship. Anyway, it's 1139 21 till noon at 5.60. WQM or back on our full-time schedule. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh and of course with those numbers, probably didn't deserve any. Well, maybe he'd have higher numbers, if somebody knew he was on, somebody that heard of him? What do you think? 20 till noon, see I know you're not going to respond, because you just, you know, off the air, you're ripping an ass and on the air, you're like, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I need to drop. OK, I understand. Because you're still a hostage, you're still, you know, don't get too carried away. And despite of the marvelous job you did this summer, how did Greg, when he came in, say, nice job this summer, George? No. No. prick twenty-two noon at five sixty w qm d lights of us book is speaking at you know it's just the endless in it talk about losing weight and the reason it's endless is because most of us are fed fat is a in fact that what is in the new guy in the morning's act yeah do you brought up man is that kid fatter one uh... i don't want to pick on him specifically but is he fat yes i but it's really good guy i didn't say most fat people are good guys don't tell us a lot of fun he's funny but he's gonna be dead very soon can i do the lightspot are gonna keep an erupting with the this one i'm not even a bad guy Joseph friends weren't fat who was up there with him bill bill in the david nice guys nice great looking but nice guy the lights of us book a year fish like in the uh... di retails that reminds you that all and can's brand products are twenty five percent of every day although david a little shave couldn't hurt the lights carry the complete line of act in the product as well as over five hundred delicious low carbon sugar fee foods as reported recently in the new york times on cnn date line and bc and cbs news and in time and news week over last three weeks and in u.s news also this week or is it last week the act in that continues to be one of today's most popular and successful diets low carb dieting is finally received the respective deserves and the likes of i spoke is the leader in low carb sugar free diet field for over is it in years now over a hundred thousand their customers will testify there's no better store there's no competition delights will not be under sold and this is an entire store devoted you folks who are desperate to lose the weight and you can sample anything from their incredible selection you can try it before you buy it i'm like an angst of them you got to like that delights friendly and observable staff elected walk through the store punching the right direction and cheer you on as those pounds come flying off unlike our good personal friend opera don't forget there's only one delights of us book open seven days week to ten p.m. and you'll find them on the northeast corner of glazed in four forty one and prestigious bokeh where mollus call one eight seven seven low carb or check the web at low carb dot com don't forget that the lights of our spoke a your official act in this diet retail center my little is He didn't meet me like Turn it blue and get into the castle But there's all I got for 57 years old I can't have it I can't have it I can't have it I can't get into the protein style I'll smell out Senny won't that If it's not good this probably round I won't be I won't be Don't you ruin me I'll be in the ground I passed out on the good good crowd Oh, who knows the rest of the next I just think don't need me anyway I don't have a corner I want speaking of that And people look like they're about to have a corner Guess what starts at noon today I give up the sentencing hearing for your favorite David Westafi And you are right They were shown tips before He started to get real shaky now Because they're going to kill him Because the moment of truth is coming I'm going to fry his ass Yeah, yeah Too bad we can't bring the cheer out Just for special occasions like him And he's weeping and getting shaky You're right In the beginning he was still working for about 30 seconds And And I thought the American Idol thing was last week So I made another mistake I guess I misunderstood tomorrow night They were announcing the official winner Are you following me? Yeah, well, I'm not following that We anticipate to be our highest rated show 20, 25 million people watching Yeah, that's pretty good exposure, I'd say And you should have seen before they had the bubble head On CNN and she said, oh, and now let's go out to the West Coast And they're a re-rion secret Who's one of the final and they got the video But they don't have the audio and he can't hear her anyway And he just sitting there and sitting there Ryan can hear me and he's sitting there looking straight And by the way, I wouldn't touch him with your hand By the way, you should care anymore But have you seen the market lately Oh yeah, you must be sick I was going to mention that next The market's taking a precipitous crap today I was just going to mention that That was done 288 And as the next down about 40 point Oh, but I thought we reached the bottom And of course it was just a bottom Yeah, everybody out there that's in a market It was your vacuum bottom We have it reached the bottom of the basement Right, that's right Just a little piece of advice from somebody who's not going to be doing any more shows from Amsterdam This was you just packed me a hope it wasn't too good to Denmark thing Oh, it can read the best thing ever Well, I can't read it though Oh no, you read it All right, it's from Denmark It came out black. Thank you Miguel, by the way A pay in the court Thank you Miguel, we still love you Go ahead, I don't hate to keep interrupting That's right, a patient broke when wall having surgery And set fire to his genitals A 30 year old man was having a mole removed from his bottom With an electric knife when his attack of flachelance Ignited a spark He's genitals his genitals which were soaked in surgical spirits Conquire the man who's suing the hospital said when I woke up My penis and scrot him were burned like hell Besides the pain I can't have sex with my wife surgeons at the hospital in Chio for some synops Said it was an unfortunate accident I can't read Dutch Tell her ups Dutch is Danish whatever it is It's in Denmark Yeah, you're right, you don't read well But it is a good story, you're right Thank you very much Miguel Miguel's got a Zion What's that what's I just going to do before you threw me off? Oh yeah, we got American Idol I was that wrong about that Is it going to announce tomorrow that you're winner? I wouldn't know Come on, you're into that craft I don't know, not that big brother, big sister, big mama Totally different animals What is this vagus story you just faxed me here? Oh, this isn't another one of those priest things, is it? No, some warmest surface Jules had the perfect life for my missionary And think I remember the church's Jesus Christ Of later day saints he was a morrowman husband father Veyong You know something I have to interrupt this I don't want to make fun of anybody's religion Anymore than I usually do which is a lot But this thing with the magic underwear I'm sorry I understand if you born into something in your brain Washed it all the way Why are people doing these things? The magic underwear underware their temple garments anyway he was gay he's a homosexual yati yati and this is more to talk about on the years it this is some kind of a fact or we don't want no more fact stories of host is a fact that's good enough and a lot of people think George is too yeah but the more than that one's a fact I don't care about that there's plenty of more men's who are facts okay that's the young he'll tell you 283 votes on our survey today on the arangers dot camis were and like i said go out there with sandwich boards up and down the Lincoln road mall up and down all over the place summarized boulevard over in four laranella by watch a call what do you call over there in four laranella what do you call us i have been there in so many years i can even think of it last oldest sure do you how many years it's been since i've been over there ten a coupons age what what are you gonna go over there so for some of those fancy fancy restaurants there are some pretty good restaurants over there yes indeed release their used to be haven't been the last oldest it's just not in my neck of the woods anymore anyway go around and tell everybody that you know the show is back in the station is starting like put its act back together and we're working on a new morning show for i mean you know whatever how's that anybody see him lately no wouldn't be nice if we could like ever get one toe on a ground see it at i-o-d i used to say like one foot on a ground if q-a-a-m it would be nice if we get like one tonal on a ground and get you know into some semblance of you know every day things happen you know like like a schedule like somebody has any idea what's going on 285 votes what would you be doing a week from tomorrow September the 11th living my life as usual 189 that's two thirds taking your commercial flight on i see what i mean there's the crank vote of the day taking your commercial flight 52 see what happened yeah bogus hiding under the bed 26 watching tv all day so i can follow in the memory of last year 11 and traveling by car trainer bus seven you know you ask those that keep dicken with this stuff every day i am so glad that we're doing a public service by keeping you in the it's off the streets god can you imagine you talk about having no reason to live that that's a hobby that's something that fills up your day is getting on here and dicken up the result of our poll i thought about it for about 30 seconds like they tried very hard with that Michael Jackson thing but it didn't work you should have been happy about i was a cardmatic palm a card and a human right on as he was right there where he belonged and Michael uh on set show is over my could have dropping a down the ladder further and farther and farther and further once all the crank votes in count anymore a silence that cool it would envy right today would say or today's new york times president bush's well practices strategic reticences normal availability and Texas backslaving can be flipped off instantly when he's not in the mood to answer questions or when he senses that unscripted comments could make a politically uncomfortable moment even worse but as the summer's right of a close mister bush's nurtured silence is that even calvin cool it wouldn't be and sconstone is ranch last week he kept reporters at bay and advice president chaney do all the talking about the administration's thinking on a rack when he emerged for obligatory events like campaign appearances last week an okula man Arkansas or today's talk here at labor day picked in for the carpet is union a favor because last year it's split with the afl cio ademocratic ally mister bush's duck closely last brings well-born scripts about chasing down al cid in getting congress to pass his energy and domestic security bills so what are we're talking about the national security advisors from his father's administration who take into the airways and op-ed pages suggesting that he may be making a huge mistake by creating toward a confrontation with the with the rack without the support of allies or abnesians mr. bush's avoid the question and the inevitable follow-ups about whether his republican critics are speaking for his father or secretary of state colon palo the critics deny it how about the estimates last week that federal deficit are likely to deepen short the bush presidency the president who a few months ago confidently predicted that deficits would be shallow and brief hasn't talked about it the sharp reduced delivered by federal courts over how the administration is dealt with deportation hearings and americans caught up in the terrorism roundups the president a spokesman in Texas has not voiced an opinion white house a day there's nothing unusual going on like most other vacationing americans mr. bush was trying desperately need a few last moments of relaxation a difficult enough task for man who starts each morning with the cia and fbi threat assessments but as a confident of the president said the other day this hasn't been the most pleasant summer on a ranch mr. bush's friends said doesn't sound like a man eager to get back to what promises to be a tough fall what was wrangling with the senate a frenetic campaign schedule for midterm elections and continuing arguments with the allies and issues like the environment and Iraq presidential moods are difficult to measure from a distance of course and report is always why and that they heard too little from presidential lifts officially the white house has been the bush looks forward to getting back to vinnis but there is no question that this has been a summer of mounting discontent like the economy the battle against terrorism mr. bush talked about today seems to be moving sideways while the appeared relaxes the show can't today at the invitation only picnic outside Pittsburgh the easy laugh mr. bush display the year ago this week and often record barbecue with reporters hasn't been heard by the press score for some time mr. bush declined to hold a similar event this year perhaps wisely choosing to entertain volunteers and locals instead nor did he show up at the coffee station is town's meeting place which features prominently in his speeches as a place where he stays in touch with real America he stayed farber from reporters in his life public appearances perhaps mr. bush doesn't want to let on about his thoughts until September the 11th when he is when he is will all boy a mistake in the New York Times when he lead the day of national reflection and commemoration perhaps he's thinking about all the wrangling and with an democratic sentence blocking major elements of his agenda but some of his aids can see that something else has worked all the questioning of his Iraq policy by his father's national security adviser bransco crock and former secretary of state james a baker the third demand who saved the floor to recon for mr. bush has stung first this is a president doesn't like policy issues and fissures in his own team being heard in public a senior official set over the weekend the most withering assessment came just as mr. bush was growing the presidential dogs spot and barny to make the trip back to Washington barny seemed particularly reluctant to leave his Texas freedoms and had to be carried aboard air force one maybe the present too as they flew back Lawrence eagle bird were lifelong republican for a time the aldermister bush's secretary of state was on the NBC program meet the press suggesting that the bush teams problems might be explained by an experience and asking why mr. chaney hadn't backed up his accusations that Iraq was on the verge of obtaining nuclear weapons if we are so clear in our own minds this is a real danger why can't we convince our NATO allies of that fact mr. eagle breeder asked he added there is a real disconnect here and i don't understand it one of the mysteries of the last week of August is why mr. chaney was doing all the talking on the top issues by mr. bush avoided any mention of Iraq instead the president stuck to a standard menu of education reform the need for energy and domestic security legislation and a vital go after any executives were cooking the books one theory was that mr. chaney was testing the international waters mr. bush's learned the advantages of keeping his options open to the last moment and it's easier to call back to vice president's lines than it is to call back to presidents another theory denied by the White House was that mr. chaney was suddenly pushing his boss the vice president position that going through the United Nations for further inspection the suspected weapon site to say dangerous wasted time seemed to contrast with general policy public insistence that the u.s. needs to do so to build an international consensus every flight should the White House presser contrary to cyber reporters making much to do about no difference and did that Iraq changes positions on whether the inspector's back in more often than satin who saying changes bunkers and with mr. bush brick out of his own bunker and perhaps have a news conference upon his return to Washington point noted mr. flash you said nothing is planned will let you know good column they've had sang around the New York times today thank you profusely it's uh... eleven fifty eight is five sixty w q m time layman love this program he loves me loves you folks out there who listen that's why he created the kneel deal at halipodiac gmc say big dollars in all pony action gmc's in stock right now just mentioned you heard this spot on the new ranger show stop i helipodiac gmc at one thirty four one satty c highway that's u s one right across from the falls were there still going strong after thirty five years where every vehicle is marked with lowest price mentioned in the aridious deal and you'll save even more just say good and they'll have to answer check out the complete line of gmc s u v's including the on-boi voted by motor trend is issued the year and also check out that new as you uh... the vice u v and then what i just said five with the parvus sports card or fractured the price halice also got a unbeatable selection of dependable pre-owned cars trucks and SUVs and somebody else turned you down for credit have no fear even if time has to make your payments himself you'll get a deal of halipodiac so get you the new rangers deal right now in helipodiac gmc one thirty four one satty c highway u s one across from the falls open every day of your life seven days away from where in full call three o five two three eight forty forty three o five two three forty forty forty for helipodiac gmc where they say we be professional grade five six six two a m to do wait a minute i am in town it's the twelve-to-one hour that oh that has rosy c's go away find a new way to attack the big oh oh and eat your whole home do you explode just like your back that choded lady after you bite your feet on a plane spending your fingers that have got those things from you do and to your toes after piggy poo knows how to be fattened disgusting and tasty boy you make this over with smile they like a gale spread it found things things really bad so repulsive and mild you're about to cheese melt like a fratzer after it was occupied by head past there need a shoe more to get in the air car touch it you got him wild on can squeal on can squeal on can squeal on can squeal fat baby live in with your number let me fly over in and start to retrieve the tweezers last minute oh me I love it 12 or three if I you know something i could play that like the whole show and i still wouldn't get time it it's great and you said you didn't like the light Neil Diamond that's right i don't anyways 12 or three that i just say that it's five sixty w two and we got three hundred and six votes on a poll some of which are for real don't i don't get all panicking i guess they've been labored a you want to hit like a total three twenty one or something i'm surprised you're at least you're as well as it yesterday yes sure because they're not sure because the cranks didn't have time because they were probably out uh you know cranking it cranking something cranking out a batch but anyway well yeah they're probably doing that right now what would you be doing on September the 11th of week from tomorrow living my life is usual 277 67.4 percent over two thirds taking a commercial flight 53 which most of those are crank hiding under the bed 26 watching TV all day so i can water when the misery blast you 12 and traveling by car train or bus i just found out that's what i'm going to be doing on September 11th two treasur island oh traveling by car train or bus oh by car two treasur island anyway how many people voted for that three i what what does that i don't understand what does that mean i just found out hi board just popped in here just wielding here and told me that uh we're having a nine eleven appearance the treasur island oh yeah we'll do now how's he doing this matter fact how's he doing what and what's this right now we got glad is working this week for us right well talk has actually been running the board all day today that's been a training week ugly talk the only and then five by five point out that you were the one to give him his name before i even ever laid eyes on him right and to me i wouldn't see his ugly i would just he's a guy you know what i mean okay i mean we got plenty of people in the building putting me who are ugly but i don't know just a guy like seen chimpanzees that look better than check you see pansies it look better than chucking pansies oh see i don't know what what is this thing what what is that you got a thing with him yeah i got a thing with him he's just a ugly guy ugly with unusual he isn't an ugly just a guy believe me i've seen ugly i know ugly mister in fact i shaved this morning so i know ugly now this story here this is an ugly story and i want to start saved it for this art you know the article by um uh shirl seal no i don't know that i'm smoking smoking gum the evidence that may hang yeah yeah that one that you fact me it's long for today okay but i think everybody should put up billboards because i will all read it tomorrow uh and it's it's just phenomenal it's just mind blowing and it also makes mention about twenty three million see i didn't just make that up about the twenty three million dollars at the bush administration in fact even colon uh poll personally handed over to the Taliban a year ago this may in other words the may right before this attempt that they came over here and kill all those people it's uh it's true it's the emis so let me stick that in a very important spot and back home we'll use that tomorrow but this one right here this just frost my ass because like i said before everybody that i heard on k-way i'm gonna of course i haven't heard that much because i hear little bits and pieces when i'm uh oh you know because it's hard to keep in touch like jikazas but uh it was all crap all well tiger woods has more important things to do that worry about women and all these complaining whining dikes and blah blah blah you know because they won't live women into the masters they won't let them play it all gusty national uh golf course club and let me say it again it wasn't that many years ago that they wouldn't let blacks into well gusty national and if they were still to win that and tiger couldn't play there oh gee what's the point i have it a masters if we can't have tiger but they they have been having a nervous crap right in their pants am i right about that yeah absolutely correct sir if i say so myself but because you got a bunch of sexist pigs on our radio station which i don't want to include the mad dog in there yes i do and mo uh how would he's whining women blah blah blah blah blah the masters announced that would become the only commercial free sports telecast next year so advertisers won't be pressured by women's groups that have challenged dogustin nationals all mail membership club chairman who do johnson uh don't you love that name you have will see what hoodies club chairman who do johnson notified the term in three sponsors on Friday that the masters will not request their participation in 2003 i be m city group and koko kola where the only companies that have been allowed to run ads during the broadcast which usually has the highest TV ratings in golf the company's logo is also appeared in the masters website this year telecast will be conducted by the master term in johnson said in the statement we appreciate everything our media sponsors have done for us but under the circumstances we think it's important to take this step to move also shield the club itself from pressure may receive from the sponsors to admit women as members the new york times points out at Saturday additions the friction began in june and Martha berk head of the national council of women organization sent johnson letter urging him to add women to the club's membership the group recently asked the three sponsors to reconsider their support for the masters because the club has no women among its 300 members the Washington Post report in its Saturday additions johnson said he cancel the advertisers one year sponsors of contract because the ncw and w will have launched a corporate campaign against the club now that the masters has eliminated its TV sponsors berk said Saturday she will urge CBS sports to drop coverage of the term until the host club admits a female member berk said she will not rely until the masters phases a major championship or until all gust of national admit to woman good for her good for her yeah bitch we expect to have a conversation with CBS broke told the associated press it'll be about whether they want to broadcast an event held in a venue that discriminates against half the population CBS sports has had a series of one year deals since 1956 to televised the masters network spokeswoman Leslie and way to climb comment except to say that CBS will broadcast the masters next year a spokesman for u.s.a. that work which televised as part of the term told the times the cable network would continue carrying this world class tournament johnson has said the club has no exclusionary policies although it's never had a female member in its 69 year history and only welcomed its first black member in 1990 wow progress yeah in response to berk's letter johnson defiantly said that a gust of national will not be bullied threatened to intimidate members a representative of one of the three advertisers who quest requested anonymity told the post johnson was overdoing it and that the three were working with the NCAA was the conflict Coca-Cola spokesman Ben Doych confirmed the company received letter from berk although he said it was not threatening we had discussions with the gust of national officials they recently informed us their decision to conduct a tournament without sponsors doych said we enjoyed our one year sponsorship of the masters and we wish them well i'd be in a spokeswoman dead gothamer a god primer would only confirm that the company received letter from ncww we respect the club's decision to hold the masters of the sponsors next year she said city group declined comment they had not to say we are sorry but not surprised to see these corporations drawn into this matter johnson said august a national is ncw was true target it is therefore unfair to put the masters media sponsors in the position of having to deal with his pressure the masters already was the least commercialized tournament and golf void of corporate tensed and exhibitions at august a national it deal with CBS sports allowed only four minutes to commercial each hour kind of like on power the masters this year's first major tournament is played every April of august a national in Georgia the event is a commercial anomaly in televised sports and limiting commercials to four months an hour increase the number of viewers know what the sport is current commercial free the closest approximation soccer and what commercial is our show only before the given and have time during the game scoreboard written in the advertising and end of story how do you like that map also i think it's thanks and let me say it again nineteen ninety they finally allowed a sparser in early twelve years ago and if they still were continuing that discriminatory policy now that we got a big hot shot the number one golfer in the world tiger freaking woods that tycoon now that we got him in there there's very same people on this radio station that we're carrying out a women are paying an ass group and yeah they be having a they be like i said they be having a word depends all day they be done all over themselves just like Georgia's little kid in fact probably even worse is that possible oh she's moderate now by the way here reports that chinese haven't a field they not I'm going have it a good well he's making up for lost time again but he's only coming up on fourteen years old he's a slower okay he's the oldest baby in the world at least the k9 variety we know who the oldest human wanted so there's the ideal on the masters and i'll say it again it's just a grotesque and of course you know it's the girl boy uh uh deal that's what it's always has been always will be and the fact that they were forced to let us marcher in there believe me if they had their way in there was no tiger woods they'd still have no blacks in there believe you me and no Jews and no facts and no women and nobody except about a blue nose yahu's like them and i'll say one last time in case anybody doesn't understand yet golf is for asshole absolutely correct i don't know there a lot of you out there that play golf that watch it on to amine watch another play football that seriously that is reason to go see a shrink immediately not sooner watch another people play golf there's a dog leg to the left oh i said it's probably a jackson on a five sixty wq a m VIP sportsbook dot and i'm still waiting for that new copy from maguri sarner who looks just like that guy and amstevan VIP sportsbook dot com name sign for me here and it's you because VIP sportsbook dot com is the only sportsbook to be endorsed by all the industry watched all groups in nineteen ninety six the casino time news recently says you can look but you just long-find it a better overall sportsbook than VIP sportsbook dot com maybe you're looking for more than just a good work class book that offers you twenty four hour VIP service and the safety of a leader how about this how about the highest parlay odds in the universe up to two thousand to one minimum best of only five bucks and free with ross twenty four hours a day and a fifteen percent cash bonus and the first deposit and this isn't some general book located like him post a week or somewhere in the Honduras this is duck space VIP sportsbook dot com house bill by the way is the encoster weeker don't end of course you're treated with class in your money is safe when you do business with the VIP sportsbook dot com house my good friend Steve debug man fine sign up online to get a fifteen percent cash bonus and you were counter-column eight six six VIP bets it's easy to get started just go online go to VIP sportsbook dot com and don't forget when you sign up online you do get yourself that fifteen percent cash bonus so fund your brains out to your heart's content be a winner of the i piece sportsbook dot com where you are the VIP a fact yes i am look at about it that's what i say how's that for a funny show i do if i may borrow a phrase from the great money allen hello dare everybody in paradise land i'm how would it be but i hope you'll join the each and every friday for my good about it show that's what i open the phone lines to all three of my regular low income call is and let them vent on what's the father in death i was up all night driven this one up at first i thought a going with hand puppets like uh sandy becker or maybe a poll to a vocal quiz for quick but management nia greet this will be a real show stopper now i run a family type show here so i don't want no references to spick strygabos or faggot jizz guzzles other than that i promise you a hilarious account for me a high jeez and open conversation forget about it friday that goes for listening to five sixty w q a m yeah based on last trend i think you write twenty ten five sixty w q m i'm watching CNN the just had a weather bitch on air she's got her map and she's got severe storm morning and she's got like a big chunk of the like mid west okay including upstate New York and Ontario Canada and including where i'm sitting right now okay so i i flip over we've got two twenty four hour like um what would you call them like little channels where there's the weather and all like news information channels okay not one but two of them so i turn over to city pulse and i see like a sun and it says like a high twenty seven which is like about a degrees and then i turn over to the other one and shows nothing but sunshine for the next three days huh this is joining rain on there oh they were pretty good so let me say again if you want to know what the weather is anywhere look out the window don't look to see it and because it's certainly not news that oh hey look at that look at what i just looked at the window and what do you do i can't tell i'm pretty understand that they just made a window in the wall there maybe that was faggot with the chair going through a poor faggot boy look at that the dow is down almost 300 point i know i'm watching you watch it turn holy crap man it's gonna be three hundred any second now and the anazac you can see what they're hawk and now who's here with our MSNBC news update the shower out you bill before i get to the night i go to a tournament welcome back with a chill yeah i'm looking at it see what i put on cnbc that usually means i'm looking at it oh want to and believe me it's off immediately see i i i don't care i don't wish anybody any ill because we all lost more than enough at least most of the sand house my church to a bite away piece of crap china we're speaking of crap reportedly blocks google access did you hear this no no google and also no google china appears to a black lead if you ever had potato cobble uh yes noodle cobble not potato coob no oh that's the auction cooble sorry you never had potato cooble no it'll fix up oh now speaking of the tape is now we're talking work and i get some of that work and i get too bad the pickle bro don't have that stuff more and that is good anyway china appears to block leading search engine google sparking speculation of a crackdown in internet content you that's subversive ahead of a comment as part of congress in november google is too subversive for china i do that the u.s. based website which has become popular among internet surfers in china because of its simplicity and ability to run through chinese language web surges was inaccessible by chinese services early as Saturday uses b sand it's being blocked out of b jings and one industry insider who follows china's regulation of the internet closely and uses computer to confirm and put point to block the government openly attempts to control web content in china or the internet threatens common as part of control over the media it blocks several foreign news sites and frequently forces domestic sites to a sponge content deemed on a whole some is that our good close personal friends the chinese that's that i'm talking about the chinese government not the chinese people themselves believe you need to want to pick on the chinese people when you're in toronto like i'm man so i'm trying to keep our variants and most what they eat dogs and tigers okay we're going to take a poll one of these they soon which people is georgiate the most jews uh chinks or uh rickens an article posted on web portal net is dot com said google was being blocked because search is could bring up links to pornography uh oh content associated with a band spirit to movement full moon gong and information deemed harmful of national security remember that full moon gong show with uh took bearer china's media sensors tend to be especially edg during political incentive times aintless said and a google block maybe an attempt to sweep up a head of party congress which is expected to see sweeping leadership changes it was the first time the government of block access to internet search engine aintless said how do you like that on no google in china no google and no google freaking crazy as chink bastards see you guys in tenemen square man that's what georg said i can just see you up getting crushed out of that tank hey i was all hopeful like everybody else was hopeful for one that they would win their independence they were putting out of the grave right yeah yeah pet resort pamper's pooches can we lighten things up just a little bit i got a couple of great the animal story okay not great some pet owners will go to like to spoil a pooch as carol shrimshire can't test um shrimshire runs the rob carry pet resort in sanantonio texas which opened in 1976 and recently underwent a 750 thousand dollar expansion that doubled a number of indoor outdoor sweets some of the heated floors TVs and many of your foreposts are beds people are getting pickier dogs are part of the family now and people are able to indulge in things they couldn't do as a kid shrimsers said last week at shrims uh whatever her name is rees were gone and these shrimshire where you know what is the name of that movie? the shub's sake a shub's sake yeah it sounds like it lodging in the sweet ranges from nineteen to forty one dollar oh you know it was our last that before i finished this story i give up that monica thing have you ever seen that no and that would lie inside where she sits and she talks with the audience the answer what are the disgusting self-regardizing bitch and well i felt very bad and it was kind of like anything but give blow jobs and maybe oh man i guess you forgot to talk about it she went there with her presidential knee pads you have to see that it'll make a pew i i i don't want to see it i saw the previews and it made me tip and then the then these assholes in the audience hey other a few more points not not all i many but those those people need to be they need to be at skrimsers lodging in the sweet ranges from nineteen to forty one bucks and i there's also daycare for up to thirty nine bucks a day massages for the pets not their owners are twenty five bucks for thirty minutes some canals have typed in music and phone jacks so guests can hear their masters separate areas are available for special need pets cats and birds pets i kindnesser on duty to handle behavior problems obviously place where people who have just wait too much money no don't you think that would be appropriate for tiny special needs i know is it probably a for tiny owner say can't has record toes Oakland main moots the cat is got nine lives in twenty eight toes oh seven seven a foot that's not that bad bob and becky dove all say the liar what uh would solve the moots is problem bob and becky dove all say the large yellow feline has more toes than any other cat in the world the dove else have submitted evidence they hope to learn moots are placing the Guinness Booker records read along with moes the world oldest baby this is your fifteen minutes suck it up bob dove all said the moots is the feline struggled out of becky dove all's left at the couple some of the nervous moots patty defensively across the kitchen floor avoiding visitors and the clicking camera those who managed to catch a glimpse of the campy for eight dashes off our stunned when they see his toes kind of like what's his name from whan he what was that kid's name which one the one with strange feet that you always talked about there was a kid with strange feet you don't remember in the whan he crew that's all you ever talked about with his a screw-up feet his grow test feet well your lord that's why he would wear like candles and berking thought wasn't that Joe was somebody else want to go those and they were gnarly usually usually maybe he was a gnarly usually their first remark is oh my god look at that catch feet what's wrong with him bickie dove all said the velocity was listening to radio last week and heard about the world record for most of us on a kick early held by panels a blackhead and in his moron terio candidate who's got twenty seven moots has twenty eight claws bickie dove all said friday he has twenty eight pads but to the pads are partially fused moots is big feet have an advantage in main bob dove all said they make great snow shoes mildly amusing I knew like that of pussy which twenty eight pose yeah yeah like I said couple my just a lighten it up a little bit okay like a little bit too heavy doody here today which we don't want to do used to be real funny the number used to be really funny now you're depressing with all these stories that we don't want to hear about about the world is coming to win end in the markets crashing etc make 200 yet all i turned it off 288 making a comeback so now that we're going to open up a big mouth you had you what did you say you said you're going to watch it turn off making a big comeback Mister and it's not even twelve thirty yet wouldn't surprise me the way these the best you're dominating this whole thing by a four or five when they go finish the whole thing up for the one surprise me to see in the plus column the way they're desperately trying to manipulate all these billionaires you understand what I'm talking about I do because it's getting real close to something that's coming and you know what that is that overrelection right on my birthday on November five and I told you about I got in the mail yesterday your voter registration card another copy of my voter registration card and I've changed my mind because I'll be there on election day and I'm voting I'm voting for anybody who's running against Jim Bush except bob cooonst can you believe that assholes on a ballot again oh that'd be a good poll question to take who's the more chronic candidate bob cooonstor Ellis Ruben let me think I used to run for president all the time Lyndon's the rooch now the guy before you were born got from a used to be the governor of Minnesota used to always be on about Earl what that was the name Earl the Pearl ever roll a pearl no you don't know Earl the Pearl I know Earl the Pearl that works for kiss that's what I'm talking about you know what's the president how about Earl the Pearl Monroe used to play basketball and be talked to him all about that tomorrow morning he's a NBA he's a shfarts around being specialist 1227 at 5.60.17. You can boy you're starting to get in the swing of it now you know I almost feel like we're doing a show around the year and stuff we had that initial we're like working our way back into it and maybe maybe Todd Reckle work his way back into with to give me some new copy but I sure doubt it you heard us talk on this station about fast train and about computer professionals till it's almost coming out of your ears you heard us talk about the large number of jobs that are waiting out there in the computer in this before you the question is how do you find yourself a great school to help you get those goals attain and make some money you're following all of those good there's only one school it's got four convenient locations all over day and brought a clean the brand new one in kimble and of course that's fast train only one school that's got certified Microsoft instructors convenient days evening and weekend classes for you only one school it's got full-time job placement with over 30 years experience for you and that can complete your course for you in just four short months hands on training we're talking about and like I said it's fast train so get off your ass pick up the phone and call fast train tool one eight six six fast train that's one eight six fast train just four short months you can say good about your dead end job and your asshole boss and start making some serious books one eight six fast train or check them out of the web if you like at fast train dot com want to bang in the butt hub why not cast your vote for the little guy hi this is Boca Brian speaking on behalf of comedy writers everywhere urging you to please cast your vote for Janet Reno the outlook's not too bright for the old gals and she's running a lousy campaign but your vote for Janet Reno will give me and many others four years of hilarious material for you to enjoy here listen up working on some right now hi here by renamed the Florida State Commodore Shakeys pizza a battery in my flight painter has been dead for years improved education balanced budget come on by now you should know none of that's going to happen no matter who gets in so why not have a few laughs besides the royal family has enough don't you think put your political agenda aside for just a moment on election day and show your support for this pathetic little ball man and all the other struggling comics who work feverishly every day to bring joy into your life this message will be paid for her free no kids elected top 31 at five sixty one of your think your chances are pretty good no chance I think my prize good one of primary please I mean isn't that said that we have to be rooting for a guy like that that we have no idea who the hell he is and but he's a pretty good tap dancer he ain't no willy t-rips but he's pretty good speaking of Florida elections by the way education never aiming for smooth Florida votes as the sun settiners as the hero also might not be true television commercials created by students demonstration test at the local public posters and doctors offices advertisements on movie screens and butterfly balcitor to resell a poor visiting a bikers chilly cookaw to resell a poor yeah good old Teresa baby that's f***ing bitch exactly two years after flimsy and spondy bewildering variety of ways to spoil their balance the state's election supervisors are working overtime to try to teach voters how to vote as if as if it was there fall in that amazing I mean great we got a lot of stupid people out there but Teresa you think maybe it could have been your fault you idiotic bitch with your freaking butterfly ballot choose for you can and baby that's what you wound up with man it's just astonishing if i recruit you to vote i want to educate you had a vote said myrium all of fant proud county supervisor revolutions with the punch cards system now banned in Florida nearly 60 percent of the state's voters will be using new and unfamiliar equipment during the September 10th primary and November 15th in relation primary is going to have a big vote because of the gay rights thing in date county right the discrimination vote in date county where the farbiz and a right wing christians want to like bring back bring back the days of an eight of brand baby are those questions that made up all those signatures and got arrested for that of those good honest christians who would never lie those are the ones anyways is that's one reason supervisors are reaching out to the electorate another reason for ratings didn't do such a first-rated job to years ago with the familiar equipment they rule in the hundred and seventy six thousand ballots are key factor and you have come to presidential election and i'm hearing that all of those were for gore that had to change we know we know we're being watched at any witty mislection supervisor for nando county she's probably hanging out in her and was highway wouldn't you think so this year you don't know that's on to no good so this year election officials are exhibiting sample machines at supermarkets hospitals office complexes senior citizens uh... centers senior centers shopping malls never were all you know thing that the jones buddies noticed about being here in Toronto over the weekend said no gigantic numbers of old people around yeah that's everywhere but here right and i told them every like living in breathing city whether i'm an amster name or here in Toronto any place and you walk around downtown anywhere in the city like mostly living in breathing people as opposed to software where if you ever see anybody in the age of a hundred all my god there's like a living person there can i even just like take a look at it even if it don't look too good you know like chuck we've blanket of this county said davidly he might need supervisor relations who despatched employees and demonstration machines the seven malls on one day alone in june we've run ads about how to vote we encourage groups and organizations to contact us we go any place anyone in vices we've had literally hundred demonstration tv sand last week we jones a mimey date voter education specialist isn't that great what do you do for living i'm an edgia voter education specialist or i'm a bioethosist neckwood hundreds of county sanitation workers he demonstrated the ivo tronic machine graciously answered questions and reassured the technologically suspicious we have some people who feel uncomfortable dealing with anything electronic pick one county worker said john john's address that concern that's why we'll have poll workers there to help you and demonstrate the machines to everyone in her ando county what is her ando com what it would is that don't be so kind of what is her name where is that something mud one part of the state wiggins already is thinking about the next generation of voter she conducts voting machine demonstrations in middle schools and high schools driving the some of those meetings and i coverfully painted voter van number him voter van no the early units are teaching them the earlier they're going to become responsible voters you said we're out for awareness and education lapore designer the notorious obnoxious and totally humanly unacceptable butterfly ballot the cost mask confusion in pombies county two years ago has carried her new touch screen voting machines to craft fairs rotary clubs condo meetings and a woman of a woman of harley bikers picnic it was fun she said the event which featured a chilly cookup or than a hundred people tested the new voting machines there where they had dikes on bikes before the poor said she had a big for media coverage and election issues recently a cbs news crew found her around for two weeks she said the safety was really still alive how can she still be in that office okay can you answer me that question no i can't how can god damn freaking torrisa la poor and pombie ch County who came up with a cock of a me butterfly ballot and confused all those old Jews in pombies to vote for pack you can and when they thought they were voting for al Gore how can she still have that job i think that's a magnificent question don't you bitch other super and by the way Michael O'olio we are painting the ass okay none of this equivocating on the station about royalties not a bad guy you're an idiot anybody especially whose wife is a teacher would make comments like that when teachers are scraping to get by so they can go to highlight a couple nights out of the year and have a few last and you overpaid assholes that pissed off the entire universe that are making millions and millions and millions and hours to go ahead of god damn ball and run around on a jackstrap are you some kind of a moron or what Mike and like even most of this morning doing this on the radio station that went out on the limb to fudge the vote to get them on a guy damn all star game because they've all sorry for him because he's the only player on a team that's got a city of mass attucia today and after him low how do you like that and a super market piece of turd and not only that but ticking on our close personal friend the big that really pisses us off even though I mean maybe he don't belong on a year we know that but he sure is a pretty good guy when you say he's a great guy he's a great guy we all like him even though like I say he don't belong on the earth he's terrible on the earth but nevertheless he's a good guy which is more important to us than what there's some asshole belongs on the earth not anybody can belong on the earth you know I'm talking about you don't have to answer anyway other super prizes have found equally creative techniques as they spend taxpayer money on actual taxpayers some counties have budgeted as much as a dollar per registered voter solely for educational programs around the state many students will be voting for fast officers and the county's new equipment courtesy of election officials eager to show off the machinery another example more than a dozen high school students in the Jackson Larry stood on a voter education committee created by dual election supervisor John Stafford one of those students and roof a day all 16 helped create a 30 seconds spot a commercial now running on north forward TV stations the end opens with scenes of young soldiers and battled during the revolutionary war followed by similar images from WWW one WWW two and the Vietnam War it concludes with a flag blowing in the breeze dissolving in the glimpses of two beautifully lighted world trade center buildings 800,000 Americans died for our democracy the announcer says remember them and vote God damn it but they'll said we as teens have been affected by 911 people that under this company's flag and they dug giving us the freedom to vote that fewer and fewer people vote is in a bombination he said and he is so we correct so I'm going to vote this number he talked me into it you believe me yeah believe me I'll think about education officials also are mainly more print and of course I won't be able to vote in September 10th on the effect on the gay or rights thing first of all I don't live in date county anyway do we have anybody in the station lives in date county Chuck Greg anybody else uh that's it other research in Broward all of a fan last week mail what she called a very unique package to all 950,000 voters in the county and includes a new registration card directions to the voters pulling place and educational material about the new voting machines and the voters rights and responsibilities I wonder if Kevin Bacon had anything to do with that because remember I told that movie he was running around star naked in the shower right and then visual package the general message is we're going to do everything we can to help you cast a proper vote she said several election officials elsewhere bought time at local theaters advertised key dates information before the start of popular movies and national county elections supervisor Vicky Peterson cannon pulled some of our educational money with two neighboring counties to buy add time she also distributed for social posters doctors officers one says simply for a healthy America vote god damn it there you go all right see it would help if you felt that you're what was going to be counted right and they were going to fix all the elections that would help and would also help if you felt that they were like candidates running for that might be competent now you're getting heavier the way larger than their shoe size I bet your Janet's got big feet not as big as time ago oh male what he might I don't want to picture those feet can you imagine her feet you think the guy from whammy head from the side of them I bet she's got 45 toes down with a cat man when she puts the pedal to the metal man wow that thing takes off like a bad out of hell I'm gonna have nightmares now maybe instead of sending him in outer space we can put Lance Bass and Janet's pickup truck what do you see with that or in one of her shoes or I got a better idea how about underneath it tells you can even better idea I'll drive and by the way Lance by by by you piece of turd oh thanks for money me about that about one about that he's not going up there he's not going to contaminate space for the rest of well it that's what they're saying but you know yeah could be some last minute negotiations anyway let me tell you about something really great that we don't have to argue about a product that's good for you unlike all those other things we were talking about before like the fries and Mickey D's and stuff only omitted to probably make you feel your best and keep you in good health even in the early self-reheat human days in South Florida in hell I and in paradise only omitted to South jail capsule it's got the best olive oil in the world long with other good stuff for you there are vitamins in there there minerals and rebels to promote health for all different aspects of your body there's one product specifically designed to help your prostate one for your heart one for your blood pressure for your cholesterol your circulatory system your digestive your endocrine system your skin your bones even your mind all using the benefits of the best olive oil you're going to find anywhere's and don't forget all your men's got products for men and ladies as well real ones picks them up at Walgreens they had a Marcy day when you go in there pick up your old room and say once that new pizza lock can open damn it the one right behind you there whole food markets tomorrow for our machine scenarios as well or you can call their tool free number that can be all the information about their products and what they can do for you call one eight six six Oreo men that's one eight six six Oreo men don't forget you know their products and get more info too right on their informative website at oliomanamerica dot com my hello six four three five six hop in the time machine welcome along and Jane there's a golden exit from WQA right now okay i'm not playing the song i just i just felt like doing that because i had so much fun using those jingles last week and i'm you know and of course i'm using that particular jingle i'm going through the corner album here and trying to figure out well which one of these starts out you know like really you know what i'm saying really uh... small two okay oh i love songs that start out like strong you know i mean like these to say in a morning show when we had one remember in joh and default used to use that always really strong this morning which is probably one of the reasons that you wait on anymore well i tell you we really been through it a qa minot's one of the great miracles of all times i think probably it's coming to an end pretty soon uh... oh god did you read this letter from brine uh... from uh... were in the sort of a hamas yes i did that's a brand look at that even though i hit the bomb is like to up he doesn't take it personal says you're uncle neil i've been a fan of your show for many years including the i do today's wanted to say that i appreciate the work you do on here here in the bomb is we don't receive many west radio stations but luckily i do get five sixty two m in my car to which i listen whenever it gets a chance only to you though good choice good uh... think it i'm a mad dog and i think would be good and any k would be good i think that's about it and more and after the second you might say and on to the point of this fact i run the movie big trouble over the weekend starting to malign in the movie i can't stand to malign in the movie was delayed from released by the because of the depicted abominator playing a fine of very music you like to malign uh... not can't stand to malign i'll be such having a small satirical part of an air force recruited this seems even more relevant today's climate post nine eleven there's a part in which two hitman come down from jersey to whack a bagman who's in baslin from a crooked company black and involved what black a bag i shot the raffle the scene involves the two hitman stacking uh... star stacking stocking out staking out i think he's got to see and here staking out a local bar listening to the radio on which proceeds uh... an argument between the talk show host and the call about a gator fan not calling in with a gator's loose and out this call is calling in now periodically through the movie they turn the radio back on the same two people are having the same argument it's not until close to the end they show the actual radio station listening to it is you guys did five sixty oh my god all they need to do is have the radio host have a high pitch voice i would have died laughing hope this gave you some amusement beside the regular dribble that comes over the fact is dry and thank you brine although it had some good stuff on the fact today right yeah articles and what now some excellence crab as opposed to like dribble i don't like to malign i'm not saying i wouldn't want to move because he was in it i like to stand up routine like way in the beginning and then the show sought and now i don't like it now i mean he's though jewellery but can you explain that to me what he's all about again funny stand up they give me show oh there you go i mean there's there's not even a chuckle there he must have naked pictures of every t-executive uh... tv executive was ever born there's not even a tiny little chuckle not even a guff fall you know what i mean i don't even i'm sure you do FBI increases manpower in boca of c i'm not ready i should have already by our side right in boca where the hell is it oh and track investigation you know i actually hit that and it didn't fire i had it's been going on a lot down here too what do you mean everything's you got to hit it twice no i but there's no more than everything here is pre-moll man everything's fine it's not pretty more maybe it's contagious maybe it's catching the dcs is catching it from the one down there i think that's possible let me say it again if we i increases manpower in boca and track investigation thank you oh what's all i need the number of FBI agents in scientists investigating the quarantine former headquarters of the national inquiry increased on days they search for clues in last falls uh... see what is wrong with me man in last fall and track tax see i have to put the cues up on this thing because i don't have the little box you know i don't and so i'm always trying to get ahead of myself and i do it then i don't have the track up there the largest team of investigators since the operation began at america media incorporated offices ended the building at a time something and it's continuing to work in pairs now what is this because this is a uh... current story from the sun sent a but it's like an a past tense how do you like that didn't today the third this is yesterday's story but it right but it said that this is a ten per second story uh... the sun sent a man like most of this morning they really suck and that what he said he should have said that he's just kiss and their ass over for some pre-publicity anyway it said they were to work uh... on all three floors for the first time they don't work in the buildings first two floors until sunday officials wouldn't say exactly how many people were working inside the building or any evidence haven't found since cruise me under the building on Friday they said Saturday's investigation in the first two floors was very successful he said the teams of the agents and scientists in the working well together and the investigation will continue right through September 11th the deadline agent sent a search warrant for completing their investigation in the m.a. m. building as they continue looking for more and more good stuff love those tabloids by the way our best regards to all our friends at the inquiry the star the globe the uh... what am i leaving out sun the examiner the sun and even though you were weekly news which is one of the freakyest most bizarre things nevertheless we like those things and they kill a lot of good time here too like that uprestory to one at great you'd like the uprestory it was great also way down at the bottom of the huh i thought we lost your first time were you calm down at the bottom of my pile jacko jacko is never land nightmare i'm not going to get to that probably all week oh come on cash draft superstar may have to unload beloved ranch all the thing i've a collection from my column going out in the street right here i'm going to go up and down yonge street which is going to take me a long time it's the longest three in the world did you know that no i did not young street in toron was the longest street in the world the you learned something on the show already who said this is an educational god damn freaking show three hundred sixty four hosts on a full-size or a dork for some of my real like about fifty what are you going to be doing next Wednesday September the 11th we asked on this highly informative educational area night show what did that guy say that one day try to tell me out pronounce area night oh yeah don't even oh that asshole from the europe that's who to win electoral schmuck why is it that so many people from the europe things are so god damn smart in addition which you people on south order from the europe of europe so smart how did you wind up there huh good question gravity what were you being on September the 11th living my life is usual 255 seventy percent oh all right that's a nice percent taking a commercial flag 55 of a which at least 45 our bogus hiding under the bed 30 that you know that's improved from the way it was before remember i think those polls we put that in is kind of like a you know like a a clown vote but that's the decreased so they've actually come out a little bit they're coming out watching TV all day so i can water with a misery blast your 14 and traveling by car train or bus only ten and you notice how we never really got to follow up on those bus hijackings oh yeah remember those yeah i just on all those greyhound and trailways bus and it's just never heard any more about that there we never any more of the story hmm 1252 at five sixty w2 and we got the mad dog coming up and we want to clock we're getting back to normal baby it's normal zestation level be on the right now speaking in normal here's a place that's more than normal it's sensational brandy shoes in pop at a beach where you'll always find the biggest elective into them and choose the best service in town and always the most astonishing breathtaking prices anywhere so stick your feet in some really great shoes at brandy's and they got the top names in a business and people know how to fit your perfect they got rock ports essay a spirit timber the naturalizer and lots more brandy's open daily nine nine Sundays 10 to five you'll find them at 1290 north federal highway in pompano beach you can't be to move the stick and as usual something special going on a brandy's this week and let me say it again Troy is our one hope in a sales department he's the one guy who's got his thumb right in on it all this wicked brandy's it's a final clearance sale take 50% off all red tag or red label famous brand shoes this week at brandy's in pompino b my life and look all this is for 235-50 you wait a minute back it in and hold it well another point and feel like I'm I was gonna get up and find the boom but then I got uh why I was gonna go to class before I got up come on y'all could have cheated and I could have paid but I got uh I'm taking a picture messed up and I know why because I got because I got I was gonna go to court you know what I got uh I was gonna pay my child support but then I got so you wait good I was gonna introduce Oh Go on, Mr. One, inside your life. Go, because I got hot. Go, go, go. You're locked, my key, dude. Why? You're good, I got hot. I think we're free, let's play with it. Now I'm sleeping the only side walking. I know why. What, baby? Come on, I got hot. You're good, I got hot. You're good, I got hot. Let us, let us, let us, let us sing in the song. You're good, I'm hot. Hey, baby. Come on, baby. Come on, baby. Come on, baby. Come on, baby. Come on, baby. Come on, baby. Hey, baby. Don't feel one cup. I know why. Why, baby. Come on, I got hot. Come on, I got hot. Come on, I got hot. Are you right on me at the first time? That's right. I'm a great fortune, raise any other wrist and roll it up. I'm a little bit like that from Man on a show. You bet you're answering me, dude. Here we are. Here we are. Over the me from here on our poll today on your rangers come. We're going to be doing on September the 11th week from tomorrow. Living my life is usual 265. 70.2% taking a commercial flight 56 mostly bogus. Hiding under the bed 31, watching TV all day so I can water when the misery of last years horrible events 15 or traveling by car train or bus 10. 10. We got the mad dog. Jim made it coming up next. Then you got Hank from the Crystal Palace briefly. You got like it or not. Do we like it? No. It sounds in a mess. A mini was double header. Pre-game at 435 game first pitch at 510. Any K-time permitting after the ball games and the dirty boys. Joe and Mark overnight. Did I mention how much Joe liked the thrombone? No. Bye! You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. It's.