That won't eat you, though. Oh–ёл hatetbe, Thomas– –thanks,emsgateske…. You'll see a down on it must be yours For all of these years you've claimed as a time cruise So can you must be like we knew it? Honestly it's not that big a shock If you were rich, he might be the word to do it And be a crock for both of you Oh Oh, man, does love it with that ends God, talk about an upropped end Jesus, well maybe she just got to a little blah, bomba 946 and 560 WQM This will make you feel better about Florida It's not really as bad as we thought it's pretty bad All today by the way is the deadline 5PM The second for county votes Bill McBridewin It's just a bunch of done deal Unless they find a whole bunch of dead people in a few hours But this was in Crescent City, California, this story In 85 year old woman driving a 2001 Chevy blazer Allegedly struck a crowd of people gathered outside of church Saturday Killing one in June 16 Others According to the California Highway Patrol Winona Reed, Thurman of Claymath, was driving the Chevrolet alone In the parking lot of the assembly of God Church on Douglas Street Of 11 AM on for unknown reasons She reportedly accelerated and struck four park vehicles She then allegedly continued into a crowd of people Gathered in the parking lot for a community function police Said, Kathy Brand 46 of Crescent City was killed in the collision And the driver suffered major injuries No other names are available All the injured were taken to a Cedar Coast hospital for treatment After traveling to the crowd, the blazer hit the church And came to a stop According to office, her dime board, the California Highway Patrol Retirement was waiting at the church for some children It's not in this unknown more relationship The children are here Honey, like that You just have a little bit of trouble Between the accelerator and the break, break it or accelerator That happens all the time in Florida All the time She drove into the church Maybe she thought they had a drive through, who knows 85 Too old to be drive, don't be drive when you're 85 Okay, no more drive when you're 95 What do you think? Well, don't you think we ought to have a limit? Except for my mother of course Oh, yeah, of course And only then when she asked to come to my house to ticker that peeing in the estuble dog Only on those occasions, which she hasn't done it a long time by the way I think we'd better crank that idea Probably around Christmas time again, you know, sounds good to me Get ready, Ma Okay, why not? Could we have the limo pick her up and take her home Of course then she wouldn't be able to go to public stuff like that I just I can't envision her driving around by me, you know? Why are you from any, are you from any of that stretches sunrise out there like, where's the mean? It's a bit fast No, but I'm talking about these stretch letters Like no traffic light out in front of a best buy Right, and amico out there between between a hundred eighteenth and a flamingo Yes, it's a little little challenging In fact, the whole between one eighteenth and a hundred and thirty six That 18 block stretch is like a death wish And anybody that thinks that they're going to pull out there on the sunrise I just mentioned that in passing, okay, Ma Just leave a whole big bowl of food for the dog Cronies and arms, Paul Cragman, without standing calm today's New York Times again I think Bob perfection it to me, but of course being on top of this crap I had it right here in my hand and a little bit better copy I'll tell you one thing, this fact is working sensation, you know what? I got my extra ton of cartridges sitting back there I got reams and reams of facts paper I got my whole little setup here, it's great I go and you'll thank you, and I kind of like to do it yourself radio station Which we're used to, we got good training in that down there Paul Cragman writes, Cronies and arms, listen carefully Put your right up to the radio Put it up to put your right on the speaker In February 2001, N-Round presented an imposing facade But inside is new better, they were desperately struggling to keep their Ponzi scheme going When one top executive learned of millions and further losses, he emailed response Rather his email response summed up the whole strategy Close a bigger deal, hide the loss before the first quarter The strategy worked, and Rarm collapsed but not before inside is made off a nearly a billion Dollars, the center of that blunt email sold $12 million in stock just before they became worthless And now he's a secretary of the army Oh, Dick Cheney vehemently dies that talk of war just weeks before the midterm elections As designed a divert attention from other matters But in that case he won't object if I put out that the tide of corporate scandal is still rising And laughing ever closer to his feet An article in yesterday's Wall Street Journal confirmed that what some of us have long argued Market manipulation by energy companies probably the same companies that wrote Mr. Cheney Cheney's energy plan The ways to fight a court order to release task force records Play to key role in California's electricity crisis And new evidence indicates that Mr. Cheney's hand-picked army secretary was a corporate evil door Mr. Cheney supposedly chose Thomas Wife for his business expertise But when it became apparent that the in-rond division he ran was a money-loosing fraud The story changed We were told that Mr. Wife was an amiable guy who had no idea what was really going on That his colleagues referred to him behind his back as Mr. McGoo Just the matter when the army in a two front Middle East and war, right? But he was no McGoo, Jason Lee, a poll that reported writing a book about California's crisis As a part in Rond documents that show Mr. Wife fully aware of what his vision was up to Mr. Lee, a poll reported his findings in the online magazine's magazine salon And is graciously shared his evidence with me, it's quite damning The biggest of several deals that allowed Mr. White to hide the loss and the omits to document Show him minimally involved was a 15-year contract as a pilot, Chrissivey and Natural Gas to the Indiana Pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly The Anxious Eli Lilly But you remember years ago they were making the litter mind right Yes, and killing a whole bunch of people before the FDA finally said Or on cell that stuff anymore Any future returns from the deal were purely hypothetical Indeed the contract assumed they'd regulated electricity market Which didn't yesterday exist in Indiana It would not delivering a single watt of power and having paid cash up front to Lilly Not the other way around, Mr. White's division immediately booked a multimillion dollar profit Was this legal? There are certain cases in which companies are allowed to use Mark to market accounting And which they count chickens before their hatched But normally this requires the existence of a market in unhatched eggs That is a forward market in which you can buy yourself today The promised deliver goods at some future date There were no forward markets in the services and wrong promised to provide Extremely optimistic numbers were simply conjured up out of thin air Then report in is if they were real current earnings And even if this was somehow legally was grossly unethical If outsiders had known in runs two financial position were Mr. White's in that email The stock price would have plummeted I'm intending the illusion of success Insiders like Mr. White were able to sell their stock at good prices to naive victims People like their own employees or the Florida state workers whose pension fund invested $300 million in run during the company's final months As fortunes recent story on corporate scandal put it, you bought they sold It was Crony capitalism at its worst, what kind of administration would keep Mr. White in office A story in last week's Times may shed light on that question It conserved another company that sold a division Then declared that its employees had resigned allowing it to confiscate their pensions Yet this company did exactly the opposite when its former CEO resigned Changing the terms of his contract so they could claim full retirement benefits The company took an $8.5 million charge against earnings to reflect the cost of its party in gift to this one individual Only the little people get shabbed the other company named Haliburton The object of its generosity was Dick Cheney Where it's called from in today's New York Times Just enough to make you a gag your guts out man But we got a lot of stupid people out there A lot of dumb people want to get sucked into this whole dog and pony shone It's going on right now It's all a big smoke screen and like we've written that one article It's all been pure data ahead of time right and what's always Jeb Bush doing it on that meeting with all those right wing assholes You know what? Speaking of Jeb Bush, we got a great column from the Palm Beach post a little bit later About the governor And mental health care in the state of Florida and the DCF and all of these things Final voting results expected today Oh, well, let's see the election was only week you go tomorrow, right Right So by my Florida standards has pretty good right a new record Yeah, instead of like months and months like it dragged on or at least many many weeks How long did that drag out about two months? I don't think so and then over a month I thought it was like to Well whatever it all was yeah, yeah, you're right It was like toward the end of December I think when they finally threw in the towel Said okay you still a fair and square A week after election day Miami did county officials say their competent every vote cast will be counted and reported by the sacked and unspiny And then the state's certification The federal elections officials wrapped up their county yesterday and planned to present final results today to tell a Hassy however they refused to comment about any detail of their process to recover votes and we'll get to Marym Liff Elephant in a minute Data officials say their method of checking the count was almost foolproof We've done everything with our power to make sure every vote's been counted in this election assistance election supervisor Just sell us salad salad not everyone was so sure Given what we saw last Tuesday and I don't think will ever be confident that every vote was counted said Nicole Harbor her spokeswoman for Democratic Governor Tural Kennedy Janet Reno her campaign indicated Reno will likely concede today to build a bride in the primer if she doesn't get enough votes to overtake his lead She's gonna get enough votes no chance hop and I read pickup Janet have a great life It's also evident that since then the election supervisor David Leahy has made a good faith effort to see that the votes are counted in date harbor graded The day after the election date official determined a problem in getting an accurate vote count was almost caused exclusively by pull workers failing to close down the machines properly last Tuesday And preventing their votes from being counted you know those 150 rolled the Cretans I remember The closed down a machine a pull worker must insert a device called a master activator collect all the votes the process must be repeated all the machines a side from collecting votes These activators during formation about which machines were properly turned on and closed down by running every activator through a computerized reader data officials We're able to get a precise list of machines that hadn't been closed down by the middle of the week that identify 265 machines in which they needed to Rear harvest the votes to do so they simply had to insert the activator in the machines. It should have been done on election I think some of those old-purpose pull workers inserted those activators in their income something Maybe they were hoping for some action They began the process immediately We've done an a daily live warehouse in medley, but many machines were still at the polling stations locating and delivering the machines became the most time consuming part of the vote For workers from the county election systems and software the company the manufacturer the ivo tronic touch screen machines The units did not contain serial numbers in the other cases So workers had to open them up right to serial number down on a piece of masking tape and a picture to the outside by Monday night last night Tell us an activator's like computer this have been inserted into most suspects units and the votes were being recovered without a hitch However the department still had machines arrived from some polling places There results will be released after the county canvassing board certified the election cell is said it's going to be over five p.m. today Oh, and billmokbide will be jambosh in November make no mistake about that just memory heard it here first. Didn't they hear it here first? Yes, I did be not hundred twenty nine votes on a poll Who do you believe regarding last Friday's fake terror threat? Unis stone the Georgia woman the one that was Eve dropping. I mean listening in the show needs restaurant and one not notified authorities He was she was doing her patriotic duty and keeping her eyes in years open under this orange alert. You believe unis 89 people 68.9 people. I was saying yes. We believe that bitch The three miles of medical students included at one schmata had 40 people believe them only 31 percent Less than a third you turn it's bigger than that now that the summer's over time to get serious About losing some weight get down a business baby And start looking human and saving your life. That's exactly what you're doing if you're really obese like the beast Was you're saving your life this man this little roton tuba crap man was just a waddling a waddling living thing a creature not even a person He was five foot four in weight 284 now he's lost 54 pounds. Oh, and he's doing it and doing it religiously obviously otherwise he would be losing all that weight You can do the same and the reason he's sticking to it is because it's so easy They bring you a little black sack to give you a sheet to fill off for each day and you have two choices for each meal and then they bring a little black sack They deliver to your door to your house. You're a work where everyone by six o'clock the next morning And in there there's three gourmet meals two delicious snacks everything is fresh the best ingredients all kind of really neat stuff nothing frozen nothing prefab and a stupid little box and like I said the food is delicious So if you want to really lose the weight and of course They do all the figuring for you. You don't have to count calories or carbs or anything else just call the number for balance for life And you'll be losing it before you know it call this number right now nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine And get on the really proven weight loss program. It'll keep you healthy to nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine Check them out of the web if you like at balance for life dot com My and local here sports video five sixty two a a a Pretty in this young as church Hey, this is Baba your president actually got a lecture this bush chainy and Ron thing is pretty squirming Maybe we ought to drag Ken Star out of the closet and put him back to work again. Now I'm no singer But I got so discusses that I wrote a little tune about this situation Can by a chainy and their secret meetings for the energy policy they were fixing I was wants to know who all been cheating the boys our type limb just like Nixon when and Roblo Jardie started his choice no beer to work as freckled out Good years of ghost and over my dad body well it almost can't surpass if it's all he didn't wake a feed And I like mama just charging this thing with ten light bad bad keep it strictly business and don't drag down the whole Republican party Someone say party Now that we need you Can star Go on me for a few get that things right when But Shan Shan is and Ron money buddies This time We're too far I don't wish it would be this far Much day kept lying Sleeping over the moral bar Where are you now that we need you can star Are you going to get your daughter? You're gonna be a good kid like him I'm gonna say like skin food You don't dare to lie I'm gonna get you I'm gonna get you Yeah For a million bucks And eight years long I'm gonna deal with you Yeah, but we go for it We need your rights is ever now Can the charging cover rated is given us a screw in you got to be moved for K1 All the direction Of course you got the rated is given us a screw The bullshit economy will take up in the wrong direction Shading is no about it I had no fron knowledge Worst is no about it I didn't know those people doers Ask drugs in no about it Cover the statue Feel rampant No, they're ruining the screw Hey, can't wait No about it Hey, I know about taking a baby cash in all their enron stocks And just before the story broke Meanwhile all their faithful employees saw their retirement go up in stone I think you could all be real restored dignity to the oval horns You could all be real But we stand Ralph later just check this month You could all be real Or our daughter's dancing on a dirty website You could all be real These folks should be rounded up and re-cursory I won't get a piece Will I Mr. Cheney Get up, George The N-Roycon game was quite upbeat You got the whole crooked groove Sucking off of that tape You got pill, ram, steak, and handlebars Mrs. Dutby and Ron workers getting screwed with no kisses And when boss said they're dove to lose their loot Instead of going dead if they better be with me And Ron golden boy blew off his head Please, that's what the authority said You got the people walker say they're trying to find a pond of their faith You got the Cheney's heart pumping Boredy away Why are these spying? Our energy policy has never been common We're hiding out and we need you Can't stop If any boys shouldn't go because of the mention rights We're just going to get a piece And change and not even honey buddies This time they weren't too far What is in Ron, isn't it? What is in Ron, isn't it? Back then they get one and about Glenn Lord the more far Where and how that we need you Mr. Reagan I've always wanted to measure up to you George, hear a grown-up And well yours is nearly as big as mine Your deficit that is Anybody seen my game boy or a place station Those Koreans called me a mole Lekker I was thought I was a tiger 10.05.05.06.00.00 I mean God forbid we should have a special prosecutor To investigate well, they just can the fact that people lost their life savings And all those regions and dollars disappeared We don't want a special prosecutor for that But blow jobs in the oral office George, where you got to check that out Big time baby Well, once it legal and the other ones just In moral I see And which is which? 151 votes on a poll Who do you believe regarding last Friday's fake terror threat On alligator alley baby Where we had to guide him a little a road or a road or a robot out there Yeah, I like that robot that was cute Unistone Not as cute as Dr. Phil's kid He's alright He's about like 20ish Early 20 21 20 college student type You don't want to be a lawyer Actually, but he wants his like to replace daddy on his TV show Like next week He's alright I like that Dr. Phil He's our got his head on straight Unistone The Georgia woman He believed her 104 people 68.8% almost 70% Oh, overwhelming Two thirds plus The three Muslim medical students The one who had to smoth on his head Let look like a doily 47 31.1% And to see them come you know Making the rounds and all the shows And acting in dignity and their parents and all Relative Give me a break, okay You pull a nasty idiot Stupid prank There's nothing funny about what happened last night 11 And we got our eyes out for any Potential trouble makers We're doing just exactly what we've been told We're good obedient foot soldiers, okay We're under orange alert And if we hear anybody looks at us cross-eyed Especially if they're we're in questionable head gear Like a doily on their head We're gonna say Aha Scumbag So next time shut up If you think it's good advice Sure Shut up I don't think they'll be doing that again soon Speaking of people messing up Mayor Pingu Piccania says a lot of head's will roll If they'll ever election his messed up He's getting really rich and then we got the Miriam elephant story coming You don't think that the fact that she's black is got a reason why she's still in there No On a visit to the medley warehouse where workers are examining the county's voting machines Mayor Pingu Piccania said yesterday the top officials will lose their jobs If the election doesn't run smoothly in November If elections don't go off the way they should November a lot of heads were rolled Pingu Piccania said He declined a specify whose job for a most in jeopardy But assistant supervisor relations just sell a saddle said it would likely include herself and her boss Supervisor relations David Lehi Oh Sources close to the mayor of said Steve Shivers job is county manager might also become a casualty to the election Still Pingu Piccania insisted he was personally taking responsibility for problems that left votes I'm counted for from as many as 265 touchscreen units he probably said touch this I didn't come here to give any excuses he said I took responsibility from day one and I'm not passing the buck to anybody including what's his name one maybe Eta What do you laugh about he could have passed it to one Can all of said many of the machines may have been improperly shut down because no one actually used them in the polling places But neither he nor a salis specified how many of those machines might be in that situation everything is still like you know double talk vague and nebulis and non-specific Election officials said they selected 265 machines for recount after looking at precincts that show lower than 10% turn out or more than 100% Yeah, I'd be a little suspect if there was a precinct when more than half percent of the registered voter showed up After a brief news conference election officials traveled back from their new makes of headquarters in Medley to county hall Yesterday afternoon to discuss revamped poll worker training plans for the general election with the county managers office LAY he has previously said here release in plan of action by this Friday the mayor said he also expects the county's inspector general and presented report on last week's chaotic Balding this Friday almost 2,000 investigators are looking into it. Oh, and then in their spare time, maybe they can check out the in-line while the other corporate scambles Just maybe if they have some spare time, but we doubt it So mayor Pingu Picanius, fortunate little, but he says I take responsibility, but Some serious ass is going to roll if we do this again in November. Speaking that A group of Broward County political incitars has begun taking charge of running the November election and is drawing a plans to reform election supervisor Miriam Elephants office and hold a county wide dry run before the vote The leader of the group has discovered Broward elections problems are far deeper than the chaos that surrounded last Tuesday's vote Elephant is overspend or person-all budget by some half a million dollars according to county officials and no one solely in charge of human resources She's got nobody into it. Wow, that's where it goes Governor Jeff Bush has given his blessing to the group even though it doesn't exactly mirror what he proposed when he ordered date and Broward County's to fix their election system Bush has support covered with his power to remove elephant if he wants means you'll have little choice but to accept the sweeping changes being considered However, she's been swept in the back, you know, kind like tough. She still there, but she's like a figurehead now The word neck you when he city was going to follow clearance down the hall when he goes to talk to screw in about the copy. But that cute Okay, and no, and Clarissa's gonna say hey screw in you just news about the way I understand he's getting the corner office over here with the window You know, it was supposed to be the production room and actually was for a little while until they cleared all the equipment out of it. Yeah, the good office the bigger one with the window of the right the view of the KFC. So what does that mean? Just he's not gonna be in the little bit of the hurry office. The person who was an end office before when we first came there when we first came up on the third floor. He didn't do anything. He was a figurehead But anyway the point I was making which I thought was a cute story is that Clarissa's down here in screw-ins office You were starting up about that copy and behind him is tough saying yeah, no, he's not saying he's just given like Fingersignals to screw in like you know, but to get with it bitch stuff like that. That's power still is a little young He's got a little bit of a credibility problem. He doesn't have that cloud. He doesn't have that macho image that stuff has where you can come in there and like you know push people around a little bit In fact, maybe his buddy from the record company will come in the second and the two of them will go round a building and really push it up We don't have any time to waste, but I think we'll be able to pull this off said our Kennedy at top ADS representative L. C Hastings and Henry 28 member election task force Our problem was training an organization that's gonna change elephant and her spokesman Rick Riley couldn't be reached for comment Yesterday, how do you like that no wonder the election is screwed up. I love this show. Yeah Rick Riley is I wonder what he was doing Wednesday morning. I want my pants. I don't blame you Kennedy's group will begin work today has only seven ways to get the county ready for the November election when voters choose the governor representatives in Congress The state legislature, county commission in school board and the eyes of the world not just Florida not just the US media The eyes of the world will be focused on Florida to see if we can do one God damn election right November or if we continue having the same grotesque In competence if we continue having poll workers who are over the age of 500 who make what those will look like a freaking teenager Everybody's gonna be watching okay Do we really care now we're used to what we like the investment you can't shame us because we're beyond that Speaking of votes. We got 169 on our poll neo Rogers dot com how's all the units doing she's doing pretty good Who do you believe regarding last Friday's fake terror threat and there's no like can eat for half a dozen choices on here. It's strictly a one of the other. It's he said stay said she said them it it said Unistone the Georgia women 115 people believe unit 68 percent the three muslim medical students 54 little under 32 percent not even close to it Though in fact I've had some that's not even close to real piece of copy this piece of swirl. I have it my hand right now about new balance our good friends at new balance Which I'm wearing these great walk and shoes from new balances my second pair of these the black walk and shoes with the evelcro straps Yes, for those of us who are lazy and don't like laces and stuff these are so damn comfortable I usually even realize you have shoes on your feet, but they give you tremendous support and I've been walking all over the goddamn world all over Amsterdam And Europe and all over here in Toronto and don't fall on my ass and my feet are my feet are doing great as a matter of fact now that I mentioned it, you know So if you want to get yourself some great walking shoes that let it choose for whatever you're gonna be doing head for new balance Don't slip to any place else that's what people in here You know what I'd like to see Pete lady do slip right in the door and just keep on going Anyway, if you want to get fitted up perfect new balance guarantees that they always do it. They've got your size and whatever style You like in stock and of course if they do have to special order for you They'll do it with no extra charge in the very rare occurrence that they might not have what you want right in stock So make a run to new balances out Florida. They got the three locations for you They're in the oven to remodel their in pinecrisht and the bokeh town center in prestigious Voka and you know who lives in Voka? Who that jets guy if your feet could thank you They would protect in them to new balance This is We in the banana republic baby only in Miami In theaters now from the director of waking up in Reno will Clinton stars in waking up with Janet Reno We actually did it about the an hour ago because there a problem. It is a serious problem I have asked you and if we know to look at it And my missing something here she wanted to bend over backwards and we're not through a travel and like show here It's produced behind schedule waking up with Jen and Reno Darling and Roy make sleep together. I'll make it even it's like a leader trade-out She has me said Mr. President. I believe that we should do it. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes Yes, I'm on 10 17 at 5.60. Do I have any QM today's today? Finally Finally just a week after the What did I say before I thought today was Monday? I can't keep track of the days anymore It was a week ago today was election day there. Yeah Had me where we got the mad dog at you was the captain and we got Hank. I look at that Hank from 3 to 6 30 because there's another Marlin game But he's got Patrick's or 10 on 5 to 6 so that takes an hour out to let's see 3 and I so I started 2 and a half hours Show today Like I told you we're working less and we want more money. That's the way to do it Little less and throw you punk's out there Marlin's on deck 6 30 another incredibly meaningless game in boy. What a match up this is the Marlin's and these spos at 705 there we love a sposage frozen at game and then we got any K after baseball Now what does that say on there look at the schedule look what's it? It's a good thing that tough came back, you know what? It says Marlin's versus Expo 705 to 10 30 midnight to 2 Ed Kamplin and Joan Mark overnight So what's going on between 10 30 and midnight? I wonder oh, I sure hope not in other words We're gonna I guess we're gonna do transmitter maintenance tonight listeners choice We're just okay. Let's do it. What would you like to have on and speaking a listeners choice? I'm just beginning to realize now that I know that it's Tuesday That we have to make a decision now because tomorrow's Wednesday remember what I said last Wednesday No because last Wednesday was 9 11 boy. How soon they forget? I was probably that fever went to your head right all at you've been having We played the bits for two hours from the right that's the last two hours. I said hey, this is so enjoyable and so good We had such a phenomenal response on our website that day too. I think yeah Why the hell not just do two hours of bits 11 and what are we Wednesday making a picture? What are you you're for? Yeah Other times I'm sick a time jickable like that because then I won't be reading all of these informative articles between 11 and 1 And I won't be carping about you know the South Florida situation. Thank goodness I'm not talking about what's happening down there like the voting scam and all of that stuff Oh, and you'll be pleased that I'll speak a little Tommy he's got 75 articles in the paperday If you're going to send sent in a website and click columns you'll see times got 142 columns just in today's edition So I don't want to say that I embarrassed him and I start to get his little ass in gear and write in some it's all crap But now at least it's something with his name on it. I's gone Tom in fact Probably I alerted the powers that be its sonson. You know the fact that he wasn't right now You think except that stupid two and anything you're recently in the TV book which he makes up the questions anyway He wasn't right now anything and then of course as a substitute for an article It was the cooking show schedule Well, we don't need some Paul to get to pay you know put the cooking show schedule even they could do that. They could copy it out of the hell book There's that damn pigeon again All in wait to hear this Boyd are more problems in this family, you know these goody two shoes these good Christians who are supposedly so much better than the rest of us Neil bush, remember him? Yeah, of course from the silver bottle the SNL banking scandal. Yes, indeed Neil bush Brother a president bush and Florida governor Jeb Bush has filed for divorce him as wife after 20 years in two years of marriage The divorce petition filed August 26 then he used in sites discord or conflict of personalities as the reason for the split they used in chronicle says bush 46 and wife Sharon Merit and July 1980 and separated in July this year according the suit which was found on the couples initials Nm B versus SLB in dispute is Custody of the two of the three other children including a 13 year old daughter and a 16 year old son of Petition said daughter Lauren in 18 year old fashion model was not mentioned Bush loves in Houston as do his parents former president George Bush and my Barbara neither he nor was attorney Richard Flowers were immediately available for comet Neil bush 46 was banned for big involved with any savings in loan company after a company of which he was director was investigated by the federal deposit insurance corporation in 1988 he was one of 12 defendants who agreed in 1991 to pay $49 and a half million dollars in a settlement The Bush family suffered another setback this week when police in Orlando said no well bush daughter of Jeb Bush was under investigation for cocaine possession While attending a drug treatment center the trouble 25 year old was arrested in January We're trying to buy the anti anxiety drug Xanax with the false prescription in order into a treatment program last night George McEvern was on with the county chink for a little while Now do you murder the fact that his daughter died from of alcohol? No, I don't they found her dead in a snow bank But she had alcohol problem and then they were trying to compare you know, and of course George being a very nice guy I like George McEvern he's very kind of like melemo and Connie was like making a comparisons and of course They were both going on about how we feel for Jeb Bushness family and how tragic it is it can happen in a family But there's a difference there. See George McEvern wasn't a right wing fanatic born again Christian who was more Lizing everybody else in town. I'm how they were so superior to every all the rest of us finger point and goody right finger pointing hypocritical assholes Who have this dysfunctional family where it seems that every one of the members of their family directly or indirectly has got some kind of Substance problem or a counting problem or some guy damn thing, you know it and now the abortions got a divorce problem God damn it Speaking of a guy that's got a problem although his problem this it is good news in bad news in us a Westernfield story The jury decided yesterday that David Westfield should die for killing 70-year-old neighbor Daniel Van Dan the little girl who vanished from her bedroom in the first of a string of high profile Child abductions across the country this year Westfield a 50-year-old engineer Schrupps lightly and Blake rapidly as the verdict was read but showed no the reaction He faced either executioner life in prison without parole for killing Daniel and February the bottom line of this is Unfortunately, he's not gonna get executed Because they had a piece on the news last night about the fact that California only legalized the death penalty in 77 Which is why man's in still alive and There was 700 Reclosed the 700 people waiting online To be executed and then new peels take an average of about 10 to 15 years of peace So by the time they would get to him he'd a long since died of natural causes because he's already 50 right so he's not gonna give the needle Superior court judge William Mud can impose the death penalty only if the jury unanimously recommended and he also has the option of reducing the sinst life without parole Westfield was also convicted of possessing child pornography The same jurors who convicted Westfield told mud earlier Monday that they were deadlocked Defense attorneys had sought to portray the defendants of family man who is contributed to society through his patent and design work and devices You did medicine another field. Well, see that's something to take me to the situation isn't it sure for about five seconds Westfield had no prior felony record player an active role in the lives of his children and close friends defense attorneys even filmen said He's a good man, but for one three day weekend of terror. He said he's a good man, but you know, he had little laughs Prosecutor Jeff do second note of Westfield's two S. Yves did not testify in his behalf and ridicule the notion that the engine He deserved special consideration for his work Westfield lived two doors away from the van Dam family in the upper middle class suburb of the girl sold in Girl Scott cookies Phase before her abduction Daniel was last seen on February the first one her father put to the defendant the second story bedroom Decorating in her favorite colors pink and purple now while why the mind is they put that in this story? This is from the associated press. I mean what difference is it make what the colors were of ruby is that supposed to like elicit more tears for us Is it if this story is not ready? grow test enough Her nude body was found nearly a month after later alongside a road outside the city Too decomposed to determine the cause of death or whether she'd been sexually assaulted this man is getting a punishment much too good for him. You know what? He guy I know I say let's go back to the old testament. Let's stone them to that is what I say. What do you say, huh? Any volunteers want to help me on this I bet you we'd have people lined up from there to Oku Chobis from there to guide them do all county from there To guide them Savannah Joja. Maybe the cow whom county Joja. We can stop and see how you this is doing Don't you think let's go I mean this business of well You know I mean when are we gonna? Mean business in this guy damn society and This spate that we got all these a grotesque. Well, you know, he's sick. Well good. And let's get rid of him Then at least we know he won't do it again Just like John Walzer's at least we know Ted Bundy isn't gonna kill any more girls now And fact I got a story here a little bit later on. Did you see that four people got out of jail by mistake in Washington and DC yesterday? No, I did not yeah By by mistake. Well, sorry Just like Ted Bundy slipped out of their twice twice he escaped from jail once he had made the hole in the ceiling and got out And the other 10 they were like interrogating him in the front roommate. They took a little hiatus for a little conversation He opened up the window and hacked out. Remember that? That was either like in where to how was that a new tar somewhere somewhere Colorado one of those So the girls that he killed in Florida would all still be alive if they if they meant business if they took care of business, but they don't I tell you I say John Walzer president. You know I like him Right he'll get things done. You know like him. I do like him. I was defending him remember when you happened I think you like him like what was I ripping for I don't know for exploiting his sons death and making a living That was all that was a hundred years ago. Wait. Well, then that was a long time ago. That's before we realize he was one of the good guys It's a hard ass He is a hard ass And that's a good way right One hot. That's right. We want hard asses when it comes to justice instead of worrying about built-in getting blow jobs like I said The fact that these other crooks the same crooks that are running your government right now These bastards have have the fraud of the public out of billions and trillions of dollars and well, you know We didn't know nothing about it right Only what he would not have thought with Donahue. He was trying to explain that the like the operation tips people were trying to to suck him into supporting that and trying to refer calls of that and he like 500 times he said we do not have anything to do with operation tips We do not handle calls for operation tips. We have nothing to do with them Right, so I like my life in fact when he told Larry and then they do it that I like that a lot John Walzer president baby. I'm writing his name in 1027 at 5.60 QM. Let me tell you about no minutes right Jeff Cohen and for vice president Sounds like a good idea sure be a better choice than due leberman Because this due knows his food man and this due doesn't he didn't worry about all that religious crappy Just got his ponytail going his painted fingernails and those pencil ten anal vibrators and he's ready to rock and roll Pizza off is going strong in David University drive between Griffin 595 Kitty corner the great new armadillo cafe and right behind the pirouan imports and of course They got it all three different kinds of fantastic pizza. They got every kind of pasta dish ever invented all your Italian favorites Chicken dishes and meal and super subs and calzones and lots more Big big portions everything is cooked up fresh to your order and the prices are still as tiny as ever So you can afford to take the whole gang in there over and over again leave a big tip though It'll make up for the rumors and don't forget the brand new pizza law. It's coming in plantation any day now. What's it a today? The 17. Yes, I've actually liked before the next two weeks about the brand new pizza law Will be open right kitty corner behind Walgreens there on sunrise blah blah corn and uphill in plantation with the same great food in the same low prices So get ready for fantastic feast anytime you're in the mood lunch dinner late night snack at the world flaming pizza law Got off this instant we've kept America fed for decades now the company the grouchy Toster's total ready big grannies in our world famous crescent rolls joins the fight against terror Introducing the pills berry let's roll nothing says bite meal some up like my new pop and fresh Let's roll try pills berries new let's roll when you turn up the heat They rise up just like the US Pills berries let's roll an important part of any nutritious in flight meal 32 at five 60 WC 200 and three votes on a full already Who do you believe regarding last Friday's fake terrorist hysteria An alligator rally put you believe it's got to be one of the other either them or her it's her against them them against her Those poor misunderstood Be in prejudice against muslim medical students who just want to be good doctors and help us you know and save American lives not destroy them Unistone the Georgia 135 people 66.5% it's almost exactly two thirds just And they three muslim medical students 68 which is you turn the other third This story which is unfolding today police nabilegic pro killer during Pakistan raid and Alkai to militant arrested with the Leads 9 level organizer Ramsey BNL Sheep has been identified as one of the killers of all-scare journal Course-bonded Daniel Purl a senior police official said today The identification was made by a Pakistani help a notch-hards in the kidnapped slang of the newspaper South Asian correspondent According to the official's book of course on the condition of anonymity according to the official by the Pakistani phasal carim No relation to carim Abdul Javar paazil carim was taken to the intelligence agency safe house Where did you see the pictures that were shown how they were slupping them with a blindfold? No, it was a beautiful He was taken to the safe house where ten suspects including binels she rubbing held most of them were Yemenis officials have said how do you like that those Yemenites? The official refused to identify prosoleds killer by name but said he was not among the five people including binels sheep Who were handed over the US authorities yesterday in Florida the country so if you see three Yemenites grab it on alligator rally If true carim statement will be the first evidence that Alkai to may have been involved in pros of ducks and killing Pro was kidnapped in January when investigating links between Pakistan in militants and Richard C. Reed who was arrested in December on a flight from Paris to Miami with Explosive in his shoes and you can be sure he didn't buy those shoes and new balancer brandies Pearls dismembered body was found in May in a shallow grave in Karachi police officials have said they were led to the grave by carim and two others It was unclear what impact of revelation will have on the government's case against four Pakistani militants who were convicted of pros of ducks in July British born Ahmed Omar Said Sheikh was sentenced to death by hanging others received live sentences all have appealed appeal my ass Okay, Pearls body was found after the trial of the court already begun the government's never charged carim of the two others Or officially confirmed that they're being held however police officials speaking on the condition of anonymity Toldy associated press last month that the three men gave them detail accounts of Pearls days in captivity They said a group of Arabs believed to be Yemenis cut Pearls throw three days after he tried to escape Group to believe to be Yemenis you follow. I follow. Huh? So one place to stay away from would be That's my suggestion. I mean, yeah, if you want to go there have a good time You want to go to Israel right on a school bus go ahead have a good time the things at age 100 This is one you just facts me which I find appalling but so difficult for Florida, baby and age 100 Creek driver has no problem getting license renewed Depending on their perspective drivers who encounter Israel hungaways on the road could give my hearty thumbs up or a wide birth Timeowitz just got his driver's license renewed at the age of 100 He's good to go for another six years. He's good to go But it isn't exactly life in the fast lane. I'm a good and safe driver the coconut Creek man said my car is a public scar I go there and I go home or I go to the doctor and I go home and that's it The mustache showed hymoitz who wears eyeglasses and walks with a cane city attracted no notice when he reached new His license just before his September 5th birthday They weren't interested in my age. He said just that I have a clean record and paid my fee just give me the money Thank you, and that's it. We don't care if you're 500 years old We don't care if you're deaf and dumb and blind and can't walk or move We don't give a crap if you can find some way to give us the cash We'll take it going drive home and have a good time and don't kill too many people on the way Absolutely I'm looking at it in dramatic contrast to the federal government's opposition to marijuana He's the name for the pocket way it's Santa Cruz City Hall outside city hall in Santa Cruz, California This is because federal agents recently confiscated a marijuana patch that was reserved for you By those redocers of crubles It's like luckily has more on the controversy over so called it's medical marijuana. Let him have a guy Oh The early morning raid left the users of the marijuana seized by federal agents seen in this surveillance video in shock and in rage The marijuana users do it legally according to California law The cannabis was Dr. recommended local police were included in planning to assure them that the operation was in fact for medical purposes Still on September 5th federal agents without notifying local authorities Descended on this cooperative in the Santa Cruz Mountains and removed 167 marijuana plants and they arrested the founders of the co-op Mike and Valerie Caral It's hard for me to understand The reasoning behind Actions that my government would take against second dying people supporters of medical marijuana say the raid here was just the latest in a series of more aggressive federal government actions Taking against medical marijuana growers since the Bush administration took office a charge the DEA denies We have a Responsibility and a duty to enforce the marijuana one-of-grun laws along with other the other laws But it has no more I The rubbed The raid wrankled marijuana supporters into organizing a demonstration that will take place at Santa Cruz City Hall Where medical users of marijuana will receive their doses in public All right, they may be taking their case to the steps of city hall, but they're not trying to convince the city leaders of their position In fact, many of the city's top officials will be at the demonstration in support of the users of medically prescribed marijuana May your Christopher Crohn says he and others will appear to help uphold the will of voters Well, the people is Medical marijuana to those of all fighting we're hoping for no grouse have yet to be charged But federal officials will have up to five years to decide what to do in a sense hasn't the government won By stopping you from growing here. No, um, I There's a warrant drugs so to use the analogies of war They may have won this battle, but the war is not over and we will continue to fight in the hills and on the streets of Santa Cruz Frank Buckley CNN Santa Cruz, California. Thank you Frank. I'd like that. We'll update there on its servant talk about today's today So and it's only 730 in a morning out there be right back You can be out there by noon It's a 1040 something like that. It's around a 24-loving you were take we got 227 votes on a pull on your Rogers dot com orders the soprano stuff The soprano's that you haven't even noticed. Yeah, we we noticed 120 seven votes unistone they believe regarding last Friday's fake tibre threat on alligator rally Unistone a Georgia will 149 65.6% the three Muslim Medical students 78 34.3% They seem to make a little bit of comeback there, you know this little bit little bit just a little bit just a wee little tiny one Okay, not as big as that smoth of the one where's unis said that doily and that you're right That's exactly I mean if you're gonna wear some fancy head gear, at least where when I look good Okay, that's you know me Doorah members those fancy armacres I used to have on whammy and I thought a quarter show the one with the propeller on it right At least have a knockout like the guys. Let's go break George or whatever that guy's name is. I can't think of his name Baker or whatever his name is Okay, I'll stick maker. Hey, you want to chance to win a free bear from the Vermont teddy bear company Just sign up to be a pre-fruered member and that's free to find out more by calling 1800-829 bear or visiting their website at Vermont teddy bear.com If you're looking for a fun different gift for somebody's birthday new baby or just want to wish somebody well sending a barre gram gift is a swell idea Just call 1800-829 bear and a bear council will help you choose more for 100 handcrafted bears Personalized just three loved one and delivered in a colorful gift box with a card and candy It's a creative alternative to flowers. It'll be enjoyed forever because unlike flowers which are dead in the matter of hours Vermont teddy bears are guaranteed for life You can choose from bears like the new baby bear with a baby's name and birthday embroidered on the bib But we're somebody well with a good wishes fairy bear. Oh my god Maybe somebody will send me a fairy bear They've got bears for hobbies and occupations too like the gardening bear and the cooking bear or the business man and woman bears overnight and Saturday deliver is guaranteed So call today 1-800-829 bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com Show you care send a bear. They create a alternate to flowers call 1-800-829-B-E-A-R And be sure and tell them that old Neil told you to call Criminalized pot in Florida Creepy Oh House Everybody, swallow me. Speaking of this, organic about his rivals and winning contest jail. About Daniel Bal warned theroid on hardwood up against the经ers into the sl<|fa|> andwithout waiting to seek for the top class. Taking in some convincing andrendy points will Okay. Okay. Okay. Roll. Oh, come on. Let's go. Let's go. Nina Burley writes on the TomPain.com on it website, which has got some good stuff I've all the time by the way. Yes, it does. Compane.com, and since. Why aren't you as journalists reporting from Iraq? She'd be asking, Nina Burley has written for the Washington Post as she'll call her to be in a New York magazine as a reporter for time. She was among the first American journalist, and her Iraq after the Gulf War. She says this week we're finally getting to the court. Excuse from the Bush administration for attacking Iraq right now. Vice President Dick Chain in interview with CNN's John King on Sunday, laid it out nice and simple, the way they like it back into Wyoming. We have to worry about possible, the possible marriage if you will, of a rogue state, like Saddam Hussein, the Iraq with a terrorist organization like Al Qaeda. This notion that the Iraqi leader is in Kahutfilo Samu will be easy to feed the American people. To the American people, one bad Arab is the same as the next, and Osama equal Saddam. People are wondering about the Bush war urgency only need to think about this. There's a blind spot that needs to be exploited now before too many journalists get the ID to go inside Iraq and find out what's really happening. As long as the Kondi Rice's Dick Chainies and other hawks are talking to journalists with no experience inside Iraq, they won't get a raise dibarrel about the notion that the secular dictator is in bed with the jihadis, even though there have been reported, reprinted reports by the Washington Postwriters in the International Herald Tribune, that the CIA has found absolutely no link between the Iraqi dictator and al Qaeda. Lyon War American journalist reporting from Baghdad, admittedly at whereack is a difficult place to cover. First, are they logistical problems? You can't get a visa very easily and just can't fly into Baghdad. You have to spend 14 hours sitting in a car, driving across the very crust of earth that covers all those billions of bills of oil that Chainies and company are really interested in. Once inside Baghdad, you recite a minder, a sometimes very creepy member of the Iraqi government apparatus who's going to eavesdrop on everything you say and terrify any average person you happen to meet. Thus, to be purting from Baghdad is usually very slight. Tom Brokaw back in April and Tripadly got himself inside Baghdad. He reported from an open market and as so many reporters have done other past 10 years to say it looked like the Iraqis had ample food supplies. This visual essay is conquerority when claims, but it's an easy one to make. Look, there are some piles of food and there are some people cut back to New York. Prim reporters with more time and columnages aren't doing much better. Larry Caplow, Cox Washington, Bureau got inside the summer. Here's what he reported. Iraqis is deprived as they are. Still get ice cream. Campless didn't line with average Iraqis lined up outside a stand in the steaming summer heat, buying their pathetic cones of frozen ice drizzled with day glow sweetener. See these Iraqis still have a sweet tooth after the sanctions and that was that. The best of work in reporters don't seem to give a hoot about hitting inside the country and looking around. Take the latest from ABC News. Producer Chris Viestos Viestos, Ben Mutsen and on the Middle East in country working resources to get an interview for Kershipman with alleged misdress of Sodom's just so we can learn this week that the freak uses Viagra and likes to watch torture videos of his enemies. I've been to Iraq three times since the Gulf War. I know it's not easy to get inside of your real interviews, but it can be done. American peace activists are going every month walking the streets freely. Anyone who spends a little time in Baghdad knows there's one thing they'd dwindling beaten down middle class in that country fears more than the hideous regime of Sodom Hussein and Islamic uprising. The Iraqis sent millions of young men to their deaths in the 1980s fighting exactly the kind of fundamentalist Islamic mentality that we so dread now. As much as they hate their dictator, Iraqis hate the Islamists even more. As a suyli Muslim Sodos Sodom. As in the 1980s this creepy strong man is standing between Iraqis and the G.H. The subsurface isn't difficult to come by. All it takes is a little time and little guts. Any journalist who spends a few weeks on the ground in Baghdad will start to hear this talk. People women especially who've got more rights in Iraq than any other Arab country are terrified of the G.H.H. is in Iraq even more than their terrified of their dictator with his creepy big brother picture stirring at them from every crack in cremace of their wasted will to country. The trouble is the journalist with a guts and means to go and cut in the country aren't doing their job. Maybe they'll all try to get visas when the bombing starts and report from the Rashid hotel at the point when forming Americans will mean snagging footage of dead civilians instead of asking Cheney why he isn't more worried about Nukshin Pakistan where the jihadis are actually in the army and intelligence. Rights Nina Burley and Tom Paine.com Don't confuse the public with a truth baby because the truth is very confusing and aggravating and just get everybody whipped up into a frenzy. Let's roll baby. Let's get the pills very doughboy out. Let's roll. What do you say you're ready? I'm ready. All right. I'm rolling one now. Perfect. Oh look at this a new piece of copy. Can you believe that? Oh my god. I may have a fart attack. Don't get right here to destroy. Oh that's from Troy. I want to wonder. It's from our buddy Troy. Troy is the boy man. We're not talking about our buddy Troy's rapper. He demand. Oh, but you know something. What did you look at this copy? Not really. Schmutz. Oh, I see. Do you think that Troy wrote about Schmutz? See we have a new copy person and that's P.D. Lenny. You're not full of me, P.D. Quit writing a copy. Okay. You idiot go out and sell something. Sell a good account for once in your life. Which I doubt. I don't think you'll ever do that. Sell something good. Sell something we can be proud of. What a lunatic. Schmutz. Schmutz. Schmutz. Maybe he's going to be Schmutz. Your semity killer Kerry Stainer found saying jury decision means he's eligible for the death penalty. But this is another problem. So we got all these people eligible for the death penalty, but they're not going to execute it. Convicted your semity killer Kerry Stainer was saying when he murdered three park tourists during the way for jurists to consider sentencing him to death. Jurors took less than four hours to reject the defense claim the former motel handyman was crazy and unable to understand what he was doing or to know that it was wrong to murder the three or semity national park tourist. If he had been found in Stainer, he would have automatically been sentenced to life. The same jurors convicted Stainer last month, the murdering Carol Sun 42 or daughter Julie 15 of Eureka and their Argentine friends, Sylvingna Paloso 16, while they were staying at the library, worked outside the park. Jurors will not begin the penalty phase of the case against Stainer 41 and will weigh whether the sentence him to death or to life in prison. You're already serving a life sentence for another 1999 sling that of park nature guide Joey Armstrong. He played a guilty and that case in a deal that's spared him from a possible death sentence. How do you like that? I don't. Let me say it again. Stone him to death and the same with what's his name whether whether whatever his name is David, what else is name? What's to feel? Resterfield, sorry. I was thinking more like Chesterfield before your time though. Would anybody make a conchesterfield like Chesterfield? You're a very physical fighter to the USA giving big big pleasure in a big big way. Yes, Chesterfield. Join the big swish to Chesterfield Queen, you choice of the fags of America. I still order my favorites. Oh, it's great. Isn't it great? I haven't played that in a couponsate, so I'm glad that I was inspired there by westernfield and Chesterfield. See it's a good thing though. I couldn't remember his name. See I want to kind of like lead some other? Man convicted of kidnapping honor student given live in prison. Omaha, last one of my favorite cities, Omaha, maybe I'll go back there someday just to eat steak. A man convicted of kidnapping a teenage girl and taking her on a 6,900 mile out of sea with sinst life in prison yesterday. I'll just go there to eat steak and sit around and look at the pretty Midwestern people. Those corn fag, you know what I'm talking about? I know what you're talking about. Those women with a large supple breasts and firm tight asses. Not those big sloppy asses like you see in South Florida, I'm a Cuban woman. And it was hot young guys with their firm, well, whatever. Anthony Wright, 31, was convicted in June of kidnapping a 17 year old girl outside of shopping mall near a home in Cerny in April 2001. The high school honor student was freed when Wright surrendered six days later in Montana. Wright who also went by the name Tony Zappa. Do you think he was kind of frank? Maybe he moved the Montana to raise up a crop of dental floss. I see. Wright who also went by the name Tony Zappa was given additional 70 years for using a firearm to commit a violent crime. I think they ought to give me moon Zappa myself. He became eligible for a life sentence after a jury concluded he would say he sexually assaulted the girl, even though he wasn't charged with that crime. I can't count on age and time to rehabilitate Mr. Zappa Judge Warren, a few born, said, in handing down the sentence. The victim testified at the trial that she was bombed with duct tape and chains and repeatedly raped. Lovely. Zyne America, baby. 259 votes on our poll today. This is one of the most important polls you'll ever participate in. You believe that? No, but it's, you know, I mean, this is one you've got to have an opinion on. Unless you've been living in some kind of a cocoon. Unless you've been adopting that ostrich-like stance with your head buried deep in the floor to sand for the last several days. Because it just happened over the weekend and happened on Friday morning. As we all sat here, crapping our pants on other terrible. And then of course there's Paula speculating about turkey point nuclear facility. And also about, uh, then they come on with that thing about the Delta plane that was diverted, which had absolutely nothing to do with what was happening on the alley or any other goddamn crap. CNN stands for certainly not news. No, no chance. Crap. An embarrassment. And by the way, it's nice to see the way they're rubber stamping everything it's going on now. Yes. Lovely. Good job. 262 votes on a poll. Who do you believe in regarding last Friday's fake terror alert on the alley? You and a stone at Georgia, woman 64 and a half percent, 169. The three Muslim medical students, those wonderful young men who just want to want to save lives and do their thing 93 35 at point 4%. We're sports radio five C.S. You a yeah. Know that the Lord even loves Neo Rogers. A hello Neo leads Greg. A do for give me for being so far. Did allowing myself to go you, but I just had to ask you. Can I please fire George? No. Look at you have no idea that kids would so Peter in Moeswig. The Andy slash and tires on my cattle. The door and the trail. The trail all through. Reading with his shit. The bother, George. I want to pitch him. I'm the door. I want to kick him with my Gucci shoes. I'm a musician for a self. A lot of the smasin person. Now let me permission. From that fat gay tube. I can feel the light. I might six sock board. And to board. All I like best. Red flags for both of us. Draw. I'm sorry. I dream of Ricky Williams and a dress. Reading with his shit. The remote. We're insisting. George must go. My pants on my fish. It's like I can't get my way. An omission I could fire George in that position. Three oh. We like play brings for her cold. Light to get you in the road. Back when my wife had pregnant thy practice contraception war contraceptive way down to my balls. It's been brought to my attention that it wasn't my direction and discovered that it wasn't me at all. Was that consideration? Was that nice? Do discover that Greg Reed knocked up my wife. Reading with his shit. Drive my hair. My last year spent. Sorty-taint. The fifth position. Playing sport. Spent fair man. That's him. That's him. And the sweaty chocks put on my hair. Craig, how was George his young today? He talked about women like he does every day. Craig, how did he talk about women? What are they? Well, they're not as exciting as sportful things. Reading with his shit. Sport has holes. We're like guessing most brown holes. Can't get permissions and make George go away. So I stand by being in Gucci shoes. They make the finest and they refuse. We can't get permission from the police. We can suspend him. Four. Our day. We can't get permission from the police. Level 3 at 5. Did Greg did what? What did it say in there? I didn't hear a thing. Oh, I didn't hear. Now, you never actually did get suspended at all. Did you? Not yet. Anyone on a Y? Why is that? Because Mo did the right thing. He backed all of it. That's good. I just wanted to run. I knew that. Next time you see him in the hall. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. You got to handle your record's careful. They get scratched. The latest incidents occurred several weeks after DC Superior Court Judge Rufus G. King the Turd. His name is Rufus. OK. Draw with that. Well, it used to be Dufus. It changed. It was kind of embarrassing. Siding an increase in erroneous releases personally in a vein and instructed all parties involved in the handling of inmates in their files to address what he called an unacceptable situation. These incidents occurred several weeks after he'd be instructed them on that. J. L. official said a preliminary review indicates that three of the erroneous releases of Pyridov and the resulamestakes made by workers in the records of Rufus and that the fourth may have been the result of an error committed by an employee in the receiving and discharge unit. When in doubt, squirt score it is charged some out. Two of the four inmates who were mistakenly discharged between August 19th and 25th, have turned themselves in including Kuschul Khan, 32 author of a threatening email to bush on September 19th last year. One other has been apprehended in the fourth remains at large. Con attended George Washington University on a student visa and was two courses away from a master's degree from the School of Engineering. Con who student visa had been revoked because of an authorized travel to Pakistan, pleaded guilty to sending bush to email with a heading I will kill you. According to an affidavit by a secret service agent, Con wrote, if I'm forced to go home I'll swear to God I will try to blow your place up. He also admitted forwarding the email to first lady Laura Bush by President Cheney and his wife, Linda Affidavit said, it doesn't say if the Cheney's gay daughter got the copy. Several days after his release in late August, Con contacted the US immigration and naturalization service arrangements to surrender. The I&S had filed 2D Tangers with an EC jail. One after his arrest last September, another one last month to ensure that Con was held after it completed his sentence. He was released over a week and in spending at least two nights at Union Station because he initially had no ID. It was unable to get a hotel room because of that set one of his attorneys. After talking with him on the phone and meeting with him in my office, I put Mr. Con in contact with the agent handling his I&S case, and then he decided when to call her. The other free-it inmates included a 43 year old man serving six months in the athletic violence case who was free for eight days before being picked up by the 30's August 27. Another in May 26 year old woman held on I&S for violating the Terms of a Release after a drug conviction in federal court was released August 24 and remains at large. King and N. if you said the new cases are further examples of the seriousness of the problem that I'm trying to remedy and obviously doing a hell of a job. Oh, I'm going there King, my sir. Lovely. You'd be doing it man. Speaking of somebody who's doing a governor bushing the drug we have. Clinics. Yeah. The article is written by Jack Wilder Verstig. Well, sounds like a Dutchman to me, you know. Oh. No, you know, yeah, say, ah, when we're talking about a Dutchman. Oh, what a great say. That's say, ah, I'll still leave. And say, ah, I'll deliver. You crazy? You start messing around with Dutch people and call them German men. They'll be the smarter. No, they don't like that. They say, no, they do not. They take great onboard with that and is greatly, in effect, that they still allegedly have all that they've got the hikes from the Germans at the end of the war. Governor Bush in the drug rehab clinics by Jack Wilder Verstig in the Palm Beach Post today on the Off Ed page. After Noel Bush was accused last week of having crack cocaine Governor Bush said, this is a private issue as it relates to my daughter myself and my wife. His political life and his private life, the government's system, not intersect. Governor Bush himself has brought up his daughter release twice in public. Once the string of the Talahashi drugged summit, and once last month while he campaigned a depended costal church, both times Governor Bush and supporters to pray for New Well who's 25, and both times Governor Bush cried. It will be foolish for anyone who has a son or daughter not safely in those 30 something years to start thinking that he or she is a superior parent to Jevan Colombo Bush. Addictions are complex and powerful, good parents can have troubled kids. The intersection between the Governor's public and private lives is not that his daughter's plight proves anything about him as a parent, rather, New Well Bush and her parents in their private capacity have been let down by a system that Governor Bush and his official capacity has also let down. Specifically, Governor Bush has not kept his four-year-old pledged to fix the afforded Department of Children and Families, which oversees a range of services and clinics, including the one in Orange County that's providing treatment in New Well Bush. DCF has been more concerned with covering its own butt than with looking after the children and families supposedly in the state's care. Governor Bush and his political life has been engaged in a similar duck and cover. When top DCF officials learned it may fit that five-year-old Riddier Wilson is the missing for a year without anybody noticing they waited six days before notifying police. They wanted to handle it in-house. Governor Bush meanwhile raised his own smoke screens appointing a panel of cronies to investigate and we know surprise when they back DCF leadership a conclusion exposed as foolish when the Governor appointed Bush family lawyer list Jerry Reckier to replace Kathleen Crony as the agency secretary. The latest cover you're asked to temp by a state's afforded institution involves no al-Bush. She's being treated for substance abuse at the Center for Drug Free Living in Orlando. A judge center there was an alternative to prosecution after she was arrested in Tallahassee in January and charged with fraudulently obtaining the prescription drugs and acts. The treatment facility is not part of DCF, but it is licensed by DCF and apparently shared that agency's tendency towards self-protection. Last week a center resident in TIP police at the Staffat Vom Crack cocaine in Ms. Bush's issue. Police investigated and one employee was providing a written statement, but a supervisor told the worker to stop cooperating and the employee to her up her statement. Police then said they couldn't charge Ms. Bush because Senator employees wouldn't cooperate. The police officer said a center official told them it was standing, standing, operating procedure to handle types of situations in-house like this. Possessing any amount of cocaine is a felony in Florida. There is no in-house exemption. The orange osteolostated attorney's office has subpoenaed for the workers. In a herald is reported that the police report raised questions whether officials at the Center for Drug Free Living may have given a well-bushed special treatment. But this is in the case of a well-bushed getting special treatment. It is the case of the agency which provides services in part with public dollars trying to give itself special treatment. Ms. Bush is at the center precise that because she needs special treatment, it's not unusual for an addict to have lapses before treatment succeeds. The big question is whether Ms. Bush had Crack, even though it could result in another felony charge, the question is how she got it and whether the Center for Drug Free Living or its employees are at fault. On Friday a judge delayed reviewing a well-bushed case because Center employees won't cooperate. She could be sent to jail as she was briefly in July when caught with unauthorized prescription drugs. She could also be bounced from the program in face the original charge in Tallahassee and the other potential charge in Orlando. Dropping her from the program wouldn't help as a father and his governor however Mr. Bush should be holding the DCF and the Clintus with which the agency is allied accountable. The agency helps bureaucrats and politicians not drug treatment clients. Good article. Fire Dutch friend Jack Wilderberg's steek in the Palm Beach post today. How do you say yes out touch? How do you say yes in Dutch? Yeah. Yeah. Really? Yeah. We're just making that up. No, I was not. Nay, Nay is no. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Or how about Jess? 289 votes on our poll. How do you believe regarding last Friday's debacle? The fake terror threat on alligator rally. Unistone a Georgia woman to Eve's dropper, the lady who was doing her civic duty. 183, 63.3%, the three miles on political students, 106, 30, 6.6%. How come those numbers start changing like in their favor now? Do you have any other? After raise one eyebrow about that. Have to look a skew in a scant at that. Amber governor skew? Yes, I do. Oh, that sounds good. You know, a nice rubin'? Oh, yeah. Doesn't it from the pickle barrel? Hmm. Twelve and a chapter 11 at 560 WQM. Mac for shopping is a total waste of time. I keep yelling and I can't like I put up a billboard. Tell you what's wrong with some of you people out there that don't get the message. I mean, why would you want to go sluffin' around, get ripped off, and that line up getting what you want in the first place, and play pot luck with your health in your back. When you can get you the best Mac for some of the world in an unbeatable everyday low price from our friends at Dalamacris by making one easy phone call. That's it. In 800 Macros, MATT-R-E-S. You'll be immediately if not sooner connected to a bedding expert who already knows their crap, and they'll hook you up with exactly the kind of Macros you want, and the name brand that you love the most, and they only carry the top brands in the world. They've got, Serta, Celi, Simmons, King Coral, all the top makers in the universe. And when you call Dalamacris, you pick today in the tour window for delivery any day, seven days a week when it's convenient for you when you're gonna be around, instead of sitting on your can all day praying and hoping that somebody eventually might show up. And they also give you that unbeatable 30 day in-home comfort guarantee so you can test your Macros to smart way by sleeping and rolling and doing stuff on it. So pick up the phone and call them right now. They'll be there in no time at all, and you and your back will have a big smile on its post. You're gonna have a smile on your back? Maybe in lipstick. Call 1-800-MACRIS-TOL-Free 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S, or check them out on the web if you like at Macros.com. Bye the way, Troy. I want to bang you in the butt, honey. Mom, I feel you have stayed your perfect reputation. But you're still smart, all's back all down in the transport bus. I'm not a fan of you, I feel you lost your giant corporate show. Now that it's gone, we won't get you wrong, raining the lawn. Somehow I don't think Troy, the other Troy, Troy Strapard Roach, Mutson out of the piece of coffee. Speaking of this, Troy, by the way, if I was reading the stuff I put on here, his fast as he was reading that spot, that coffee. Nobody understands. I mean, I read pretty fast. I'm just, let's play it again, I was out. I mean, it was unbelievable. In fact, we're just a second there, I thought he was repreasing one of the bits that we play if I can find it. Man, lunatic. Just like that. High school, oh, this is not, there's no looking around with a story like this. And this is another one. Is this ever going to stop or what? No. I pulled us off the fast machine back there and I can't believe it again. Temperature New Jersey, a 15 year old high school football player, collapsed and died of an apparent asthma attack through more coaches described as a light non-contact practice yesterday afternoon. Dominic. He died. I heard it's the first time. I couldn't believe you did that. Well, they can't hear the show from there. Yeah, but our audience can. You insensitive little spick. Dominique Johnson, a sophomore at Pembrton High School, made his varsity football debut two days earlier as a tailback, carrying the ball five times for 15 yards. Although school was closed yesterday, the team held a napkin practice at Helen A. Fort Middle School, a half hour after the end of the practice, Johnson completed a tightness and his chest. His asthma inhaler didn't help. When his condition worsened the trainer who tried cardiovascular pulmonary resuscitation, the board was taken by ambulance to virtual memorial hospital, Burlington County in Mount Holly, where he died about 345 yesterday afternoon. The entire school district is shaken school spokesman Tom Bauer told a Burlington County times of willing Burr for two days of addition from administrators to the school board all the way down to the students were all badly shaken. He said, and that was George who dropped that. He died the drop in there in a very, very inappropriate, just, wrote this. Exactly. Unacceptable. 307 votes. I want to say is that 63 and after 36 and a half, they believe the, the broad that Yahoo from Georgia. I mean, that's your choice. You either believe her that she really over her disconversation and they were like, make in these what she thought were threats or you believe that they never said a word about 9, 11, and that this woman was just a bigot. She just profiled them because the one had a schmoth on his head, which I find to be, for I mean, even the worst cracker from Georgia, I just can't imagine them embellishing a story quite that elaborate. Can you? Nope. But nevertheless, we got 30, 6 and a half percent of the Saudi's who believes they're so they say anyway. I think they just tried to bust my balls. Investigation identifies 360 in church accused of abuse, Cleveland. Investigators have identified 160 people in the cities, a Roman Catholic Dice's accused of sex abuse, I've got 100 of whom are priests. The plain dealer, the Cleveland plain dealer says today. I'm on a weed that again. Infested theators have identified 360 people in the cities, a Roman Catholic Dice's accused of sex abuse, about 100 of whom are priests. The Kaihoge County prosecutor's office, as we go finish a five-month investigation in the child sexual abuse and the Dice's. Prosecutor William Mason described the investigation as unprecedented in its scope and magnitude. He said investigators interviewed more than 700 people claiming sexual abuse, some incidents under review they'd back more than 50 years. Pre-s, nuns, late teachers, we know why they call them that. Administrators custodians and school-age students and parents have been accused of abuse Mason said. It'll be a few weeks before prosecutors know how many cases pass evidence here at rules and statute of limitations restrictions required for presentation with grandeur or hebe's sand. The time restraints were bringing charges against alleged abuses have been exceeded in almost all of the cases, but he expected some indictments will be issued. indictment. Our first priority, all in the CHSC Jackson speaking of Michigan State's other day, I saw it. I fucked the two. I threw it out. Oh, and you want to know what? What? The arena was almost empty. They were like a smatter in your people in there. Yeah, that's a good news. Even Bob Novak, who I had to agree with for once in my life last night on Crossfire, which is a horrible show. Even Bob Novak said that there was almost nobody there. Oh, and then Paul the Gallifields compelled to say, oh, just suggested that a lot of really good things for people here. Right. The only good thing he knew was, like, go away. Go away, Jesse. No, go away, man. I just go away, no comeback. Our first priority was to protect the children who in the schools now knows we'll come in the future. Mason told a plain dealer, to accomplish this, we needed to take the child abuse out of commission if they still exist. Since April, four asses and prosecutors working full time and 25 of those working part time have shifted for more than 37,000 pages of diocesan documents. The plain dealer could not reach the diocesan officials for coming. Their mom. Here's more on that pot stuff in California in Santa Cruz, which we had an excellent piece from CNN earlier in case you missed it. That was a good piece. Yes, it was. And you saw the old lady token up. I think she had crack in that pipe. Shit, and cracks. Suzanne fell understands why federal agents burst in just after dawn with guns drawn in handcuffeder. That's routine in drug busts. What she can understand is why agents kept ordering her to stand up after they saw her crutches and leg braces next to the bed. She was just like, what's your name's mother on passions? What's your name? No one who thinks she's going to get a lease? I don't know. I can't figure her name. That's what her blood pressure spiked and she felt chest pains. The agents refused to call an ambulance as file 42. Suzanne file. Fell. What about is disabled by polio? That she can't forgive. Shortly on professional, she says they were brutalizing us. I'll raise your verse of 155, rated a medical marijuana cooperative in the coastal hills, north of here, festers beyond the terminally old patients who use marijuana to ease pain, which California law allows. The rate is the latest, perhaps the most controversial collision of federal law and the nation's growing medical marijuana movement. In this fascist goddamn freaking country, baby, then all you people are so willing to take your tax dollars and go fight some ungodly war and some ungodly place so that the oil can get sucked up by detaining and pusher of buddies. That's what it's all about. Like I said before, if it's really, if it's really regime change, see one minute, it's not regime change, one minute, it's all weapons of mass destruction. Then when that isn't going over too good because there's really no evidence, forget about that. For you, we ever said that it's regime change. And if you can't knock him off for less than $200 billion, then let somebody else in there who can. Can you believe that? Yeah, I believe it. Of course, these are the same people who can't find Osama, Yamama, and can't find Mula Bulah Omar. And the big claim to fame is we find the six of us come back and Lakawana in New York. Are you interested in yesterday? One of the Buffalo channels about 2015. They break into the programming briefly. And there's Governor Pataki, not that he was grandstanding or using this for political purpose, you understand? Did the governor have anything to do whatsoever? Would it capture those six come back? No. No. And there's the mayor of Lakawana. Did he have anything to do with it? And all? No. And they're both the grandstanding for the public. In the meantime, come to find out because 5% of Lakawana is Muslim. OK. And come to find out that it was mostly tips from people who lived there from other Muslims who were rather than a random these animals out than they've been watching for a long time. So nice going on you, Buffalo, you lack of one of Muslims. Oh, in fact, it's going to be the new football team. Forget the Buffalo bills. It's the Lakawana Muslims. They can get the faculty to play for him. California Attorney General Bill Lockyer condemned the bus as a waste of law enforcement resources, a cool step against the group that presents slight danger to the public and a slap at the state's voters. The Santa Cruz County Sheriff, who's deputy, is a work closely with co-op managers to ensure that the operation is law-abiding, said he was disappointed by the raid. Today, the Santa Cruz City Council is permitting the co-op to end up marijuana publicly to his patients at City Hall. It's just absolutely loadsome to me that federal monarchy and money energy and staff time would be used to harass people like this said Emily Riley Santa Cruz's vice mayor, especially at a time like this when we're under orange alert. August when this happened, we're only under a poos alert. Was that what it was? Yeah, it was poos. It was sharp. Trousine was poos and it's enough to turn my stomach loose. I'll tell you that right now. That's what Claire Boothloose would tell you if she could, but she's dead. Frick and fashions God damn government. I'll tell you one thing that John Azcroft, Heinrich Kimler, I'd nothing on him. Hair Mom Gearing had nothing on this crowd. 26 after that, I'll tell you reminds me a little of a small, shorter hair Mom Gearing. Todd Drek. Have you ever noticed? Hey, I think I did that. I think I did that. He has that when I was a big fact guy. Yeah, we have a pulling on the complex. He walks around with his hand and is, you know, on his thing and his heart. Maybe he's just saying the pleasure of the agents. Hey, you're going to be right in some copy for us, Todd, because you're a piece of Drek. You're living up to your name. You suck. You blow. You bite. And the most useless excuse for our human being that ever walked the face of the earth. Okay, that ever crawled around. You're like slime. You're like an oozing amoeba. Is there such a thing as an oozing amoeba? Well, I'll do it as any other kind. Well, if there wasn't, he'd be the one. Let me tell you how you become a high paid computer professional. You sure as hell don't talk, call Todd Drek, because he won't give you any meaningful information. I'll tell you how you be as double talk and how I'm your scale to get a free, a weight job. Anyway, if you want to get a really good school to the hobby, become a computer professional star making some really good books. Call our good friends at fans train. They're nice people. They love me. They love this show. I guess they get pretty good results from the show. But how they stay with us. I have the idea because Todd Drek is so derelict in his duty and refuses, adamantly, and a militant way to do anything to help these people. They use even if he wrote it on a piece of turlet paper, which he could wife is asked with, by the way, no matter what he did. It would be an improvement over the pathetic excuse for a job he's done for our close personal friends at fans train, where you can complete your program and get certified just four short months. And they have four convenient locations in Dave and Broward, including the new ones in Pemper Pines and Owens Kindle. So if you want to learn your stuff, if you want to become a computer professional, if you want to get out of your dead edge job, if you want to walk up to Todd Drek and Slip and write it in a little post don't forget where there's no sense there's no feeling. Call our friends at fans train. Tool for E. 1, 866 Fast Train. That's 1, 866 Fast Train, or check them out of the web if you like. At fans train. Freaking Com. Why? I didn't local. We are sports radio five 60s. You a, you a, m. I wouldn't believe a word Neal said if the tongue was no rise. Woo. Hi, I am. I'm sorry. I've already seen her. Don't look okay. I'm making it. I'm always close to door. Will you? I can't. We don't go looking in the door. I spread my late when I flat. My cheeks are touching the floor. So what nobody's seen me like that. I'm reading the paper. Do they have any capstone? Please don't come in. Business geldi. Ah! Mocking Joe. Ready? Who care to be? I am ready. Hey, come on. I am so tired. Ranking more aim. That's disgusting. Man you're gentle. I am I am I can't love the door. Because I can't pay. All right. Don't go looking in the door. I'm dropping toys in the well. Please don't point around. Fragil with Noah. I'm not doing this. I'm in here making with my pants on the floor. Next to my chin. I'm done. I'm here for a crock. I'm here for a crock. I'm flying here. I'm not going to be here. I'm not going to be here. I'm not going to be here. I'm not going to be here. I'm not going to be here. I'm not going to be here. I'm not going to be here. I'm not going to be here. See you pal. He got a command. Performances at this morning. He told me he'd turn red in the face. Oh right. Something. If we had to put him over the edge. I would have felt really bad about that. Well, why is that? Not if you want to look abominant. He wanted to command performance. And I think he deserved it. We haven't heard of it. I'm going to start with a suspect. This is a little bit. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I know. Because it was over 70%. We believe that nice, uh, all American lady who was doing her, uh, patriotic duty. She was doing her duty. It was like fat boy. I'm sure a lot more sanitary. And could close the door. Oh, she was pretty hefty too. Not in his category. She was kind of a poker too. You notice? Yes. Anyone on the Y? Why? Because she's American. Oh. You know, stolen a George a woman who overheard these, uh, alleged scumbags. Allegedly plotting or least allegedly, uh, faking a plot. Two 18 64.3% for units. The three Muslim medical students, fine young men who just want to, uh, save Americans from all these diseases and death. 121. 35.6%. Heavy duty total. All been. Now she was described as a very big fish. You know what never minds me up? No. Which one of those bits is where he says a very big fish and a little, a little small pond. Five or one of this fired. Is it what it is? I played that yesterday. We don't want to play that again today. Yeah. We'll see. Maybe you never know. You never know. We got the mad dog at Schuillis at one o'clock. Hey, Goldberg in the studio. Three to six 30 with Patrick Sirtain. Are you sure? We're Sirtain. Five to six this afternoon. How the more those, uh, here's a jack guy on there for it for an hour. Marlins undeccaed six 30 Marlins in the spows at 705 followed by 80K. And the dirty boys Joe and Mark overnight. And then of course if you missed you on Mark, you can hear like the last, uh, hour Joe repeated the between six and six 30 in a morning. Can you believe he's got Dan LaBanced it on tomorrow? Wasn't bad enough that he had all the chronic colors on it, including Joe. Oh man. I Joe Costello, but Joe the chronic color and Mark the jet span. And who else did we get to start Richie from Boris? Oh, my God. Remember that the story we had yesterday about the shootings in New York, right? A former FBI agent who was an executive at the fraud unit of Empire Blue Cross and Blue Shield. And what did I speculate? Did I say it looked like a lover's triangle? Yes, you said that. A former FBI agent was an executive at the fraud unit of Empire Blue Cross and Blue Shield. Called two co-workers into his office yesterday morning. Shot them to death and then killed himself. So she's told the A and P. The apparent shooter identified as a Blue Cross vice president was formally an agent at the FBI and Jersey. A federal law enforcement source speaking on condition of anonymity, of course told the AP. A spokeswoman for the FBI and Jersey special agent, Sandra Carroll said I'm looking into it. I haven't had a chance to confirm anything. Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly confirmed that the dead, a man in his 50s and a man in woman in their 30s all worked at the fraud unit of Blue Cross. And I'm sure this story is old. Why screwed up on this? This is like from last night. Kelly said all three victims were found in the older man's corner office. Two semiotic pistols were found on the floor along with numerous shells. Two police sources told the AP that murder suicide was the leading theory. What said the motive was unknown. And this is not the right story. I must have downloaded the wrong story. Wanted to know why because the story I had said it was a love triangle. How do you like that? Maybe like in the daily news? And this is from the daily news only in early edition. God dang. Well, there you go. There's one for new screwed up. It was a love triangle just like I said. For far enough as their faces charge in prostitution sting. In 11 year veteran of the Brevard County Sheriff's Office has been charged with soliciting your prostitute after you offered an undercover deputy 20 bucks for all sex police said. Sergeant Lee 20 bucks. That's pretty cheap, isn't it? I got that. You got 20 bucks for a given head? Oh, forgiving? Boy, you still are you still a little under the weather. The lobes is bringing some more good drugs. Sergeant, I shouldn't say that. Sergeant Lee, Elliot 60, was among 17 people arrested early Sunday during an undercover prostitution sting in Cape Canaveral Police said. The undercover operation was conducted by Brevard Sheriff's deputies. It's a shocks books when Joe and Helen said. Elliot was released early after the $500 bail from the Brevard County detention center and suspended from police duty. In faces a maximum of 60 days in jail of convicted of paying 20 bucks for all sex. 60 days in jail. Can you believe that? Oh, little s- Sheriff later accepted the letter of retirement from Elliot. A spokeswoman from the Sheriff's Office said the Florida retirement system in Tallahassee will determine whether he'll collect retirement funds or not. Yeah, let's string him up, okay. He got a blow job. Whoo! Speak of that. I better do the break. But the next story from CBSNews.com. America would be relieved to hear that prime time TV is straighter. Oh, right. Don't you feel better now more like you? Yes, especially after that comment you made about given blow jobs. Twenty to eleven at five sixty WQA in. This is the last time I'm going to hold in fact. You know what I should have done when that fast train copy and this one. I should have turned them both up after I finished with them. Wouldn't it have been a good idea? Well, you're going to give like a little message out there to skip you or Scott or whatever it is. Punk's name is you come into the station. You have absolutely no clue what they'll who's on first or what's going on. It would seem to me that if I'm on your position and I inherit all of these final counts from the court. I would have been here and all of these final counts from Brian Schmutz who did a wonderful job selling this show. Although a marginal job with copy because it's not the QMF in way. But if I would have inherited all these good accounts and was getting the commission's on it for doing basically nothing. I would be bending over backward to make sure that I did something positive. And I service the account. I talked with the people. I wrote some new copy. I gave some fresh ideas. I did to make sure that the people would stay on a year. So I continue collecting that nice commission check. You follow what I'm saying? What do you saying? Basically he fell under the spell of the rest of the QM sales department of the Detroit Stratford who's our only good guy. And they told him, ah, don't pay any attention that bad bag. You just held this keep a fun one as well. You just keep taking a commission man. We're all going to PD Lenny. He'll write some spot about Schlepp and Enchmutz. Schlepp and Schmutz. If I have one more copy with one more Yiddish word and it's so helping me go. I'm going to hire a hitman for PD Lenny. I'm telling you that right now. Take it to the bank. One more piece of cop. Like I need somebody to put Yiddish words in the freaking copy. Hey, PD. Cox a hoist sweetheart. And unhappy young kipper to you, they laid. I'll tell you about Oliomed right now. It's a soft shell capsule. You just pop it right in your ugly post. And inside that capsule, our all kinds of good things for you. Pharmaceutical grade olive oil along with vitamins and minerals and rebels. And Oliomed has concocted a different thing. A different capsule to help different parts of your body. They've got one for your prostate. One specifically designed to help your heart. Your blood pressure and your cholesterol. One for your circulatory system for your digestive and end of Consistive. You're skin and bones. Even your mind all using the benefits of the purest. The finest, the most sensational. Alibua that anybody has ever found. An Oliomed has got products for men and women as well. It's available all over town. More and more people are poppin it now. And the Oliomed too. Fix them up to the eight Walgreens Whole Food Markets. Navarro Pharmacy and Sedanos. If you want more information, you've got to know that tool free number around. You're going to have to be on your restroom wall. Call Oliomed today at 1-866-Oliomed. That's 1-866-Oliomed. Or check them out on the web if you like it. Oliomedamerica.com. My life and love. This is 4-Tradio-564. You're way too way. Press 1. On top. Chuck. Hit the button. Press it again. Chuck. Hit it again. Like you mean it. Bang it. Smack it. It's slapping. It gets frozen. It froze out of. Actioning. So, crack shavings. Day cuts will do it all. Yeah. The fast can just hit my area. If you could do something about that, we both feel really happy. Just spend everything. Move the me. Day cuts. How gay do you want to look today? It's 1-45 at 5-60WQ and prime time TV is straighter. Let's hear it. So, says CBS News.com. Prime time television is getting straighter this year with far fewer gay by sexual and transgender characters showing up on a false schedule that appeared last season. Oh, right. A gay activist group is in yesterday. The number of lesbian gay, bisexual, and transgender LGBT characters in lead. Supporting or recurring roles on EverTV has dropped from 20 last year to just 7-Scomming season. According to an analization by the gay lesbian lines against defamation. Now we got quotas. And of course now that Rosie went off the stage. Meanwhile the total number of shows featuring LGBT roles has declined from 16 last season. To only 6-Disfall, ER, Will and Grace, and my PD Blue, Vuffy Devampire Slayer, Dawson's Crick, and the new ABC Hospital drama MDs. The decline coming after three straight years in which gay lesbian characters enjoyed a surge in visibility on network TV was disappointing to leaders of the gay community. The diversity of the gay community cannot be seen in the gay community. The point in the leaders of the gay community. The diversity of the gay community cannot be conveyed through 7 characters, especially when all those characters are white. Said Scott Schoeman, Entertainment Media Director for Glad. Much of the decline is due to the fact that 11 shows that the gay lesbian characters last season. Failed to make it back on a schedule of sponsoring spin, city, Felicity, once again, the Ellen Show, and Dark Angel. Were any of those shows any good? No. And in addition, the only two series of feature-abyssesual and transgender character that 80, see, got his punishing you for that drop and you did on that story about the little kid that died playing football. Got his punishing you, man. Okay. And telling you right now, he doesn't waste any time. He sends you a message, just like Joey Zaz, I'm going to send you a message. Got his sending you a message. Don't be making little jokes about kids dying playing football. In addition, the only two series to feature-abyssesual and transgender character that 80 show, and the education of Max Bickford respectively, were both cancel last season. Was that with Richard Drakthus? Yes. With Mr. Holland's penis or whatever that movie was? Show much of death in the gay's prime time present, they also have suffered from programming choices by networks, looking to offer more comfort food when American public unsettled by events of the past year. That's what we want is more comfort food, more problem. Something soft. I believe they're programming for comfort and that's very, very narrow programming. And the gay and lesbian community like all of the minorities don't bring a lot of comfort in the eyes of the programmers. He said, no, and that's because we're dangerous. Oh, yeah. And that's why I like it being dangerous. This year's declining presence of gay's and dikes on broadcast TV reverses a trend in which the number of LGBT portrayals ran between 20 to 24 for each of the past three season showman said. Not only do gay's remain scarce on prime time shows, featuring homosexual characters that men's to achieve a hit set is failed to spark the kind of imitation scene by other telephone television genres showman said television and telephone. The networks are not copycatting the success of shows with gay's and lesbian characters like Will and Graith the way the copycat medical dramas for example, or Western's or cop shows or a detective showman said, or stupid quiz shows. Karen Arasky or so called real, real, what do they call? Reality show. Oh, reality based crap. Karen Arasky, head of the multi-ethnic Holyness Civil Rights Group's pressing for greater racial diversity on network TV said that a client of gay musbing characters in prime time fits a larger pattern. While there are fewer minority portrayals on television, the accuracy of the representation decreases you said in the statement. By contrast, cable TV offers a far heavier concentration of gay characters on the smaller number of shows with the total of 22 LGBT roles counted on the show's this coming season. Oz, Sex in the City, 6 feet under and the wire on HBO, the shield on effects and queer is focused on showtime. You know, I saw a queer is focused last night for the first time. Yeah, and about three minutes and then I went back to another show. Okay. Week. Queer. Queer. Now, I did it was just week. It was just exactly what you'd expect. And you have this one margin of looking thoroughly feminine looking guy. Yeah, as a stereotype, and he's growp any other guy's crotch. And the other guy was ugly anyway. So I went back to a donny who were for Dr. Films on there. What is a good looking kid? He's not a kid. He said it's like I would say 23 24. He's getting older by the minute. And he's going to take over that show pretty soon. We'll start watching. You can you can just see the look in his face when Donny who kept asking a kid. Well, what do you want to do? What are you going to do with your education? You're going to be get a lot of gravy. Well, I want to not Dr. Phil out of it. He just started the show. He wants to not that out there. Take over the show. I'll give you a good bigger numbers. Gaze network visibility is due to grow again early next year. When Tune who shows debut as midseason replacements, the CBS have come Charlie Lawrence starting Nathan Lain is the gay actor turned congressman. And the Fox series Oliver Bean about an 11 year old boy who has revealed an flash forward seems to be gay. Though he doesn't know it yet. Singapore announces the rest of 21 terrorist suspects. Authorities in Singapore announced the yesterday that they arrested 21 men for terrorist activities. And that the men were members of a Southeast Asian organization. Jumaya Islamia. That's it. Jumaya Islamia that's based in Indonesia's got touched well. Kada. The Singaporean government which thwarted a plot to bomb the US embassy last December provided scant details yesterday beyond saying that some of the men had trained at Campson Afghanistan and if they'd conducted Renaissance and Sir Verkata for the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, theTs the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, I'll come that never cured me a fish food though, don't know. And I got a real bad piece of news. That's what I did see in here. And I was only walking down the aisle. I didn't buy any. The Ben and Jerry's is kind of re-retalkyrie head up here now. Just when you think you're safe and there they come chasing you down Ben and Jerry's with all those neat new flavors. Like that one I found an Amsterdam. What I was like, I can't imagine I was sick all the time and Amsterdam. And you know something I'm glad I mentioned that. Because as much as you're pissed off with your doctor that didn't want to see and didn't want to give you a prescription. And they did really around the 530 near to noon. This doctor of my mother's, which I don't even know what his name was, but somewhere I've got his card. I'm thinking to put it on the ear. I know what the other doctor is the head doctor in the end of that office. Yeah. You know what's on? It's on the tap street just west of 441. Right? You know I'm talking about? I don't know what you're talking about. Yeah. Because you know he looks in my nose. They have the thing where they look up your nose to see if you take it up the nose. And in my ear and of course at the time I had constant this, I was always having like these colds and the sore throats and the raw throats. And I missed two days here and missing other two days there. And he says, Oh, what do you got a little something there? And he was looking at my crotch either. We're looking at my nose. And that's it. Wow, I'm not going to be able to add a little clear up. And so all summer all of June, all of July and half August, I had to be sick because of the son of a bitch who caused himself a doctor. And it was the same office where they thought I was, I was in indigent. So they sent me off to that's far to put the gun on blood test. That was the place. How do you like that? This is F. married doctor. So don't ever listen to my mother whether has to be an optometrist. Remember the guy told you about who really wanted to be in show business and Game of the glasses that weren't right. That's wrong prescription optometrist doctors. That is whatever it is. Do not listen to my mother. Okay. Okay. Do not listen. And by the way, she said you're getting better. Whatever your name is. What's his name? Former FBI agent Connelly sends to more than 10 years in prison. Oh. This is a very strange story from the Boston Globe. Former FBI agent John Connelly who had been credited with helping to cripple the New England mafia was sentenced yesterday to more than 10 years in prison for protecting his informants that have changed for information. Don't you find that little bit unusual? I thought that's kind of the way it were. Yeah. I thought that was if we believe all our shows we watch on TV. US District Judge Joseph El Tarrow had twice rejected motions for both the prosecution and the defense to DVA from federal guidelines which called for sentence of eight years, one month to 10 years one month. In recent weeks the judge was dead used with 200 letters of friends from Connelly asking for leniency. He also received letters including from Robert Jordan, asked his director of the FBI office of professional responsibility, asking toward to impose the maximum sentence. Connelly 62 to find the opportunity to speak of the sentence and hearing telling the judge, I have no comment, Your Honor. He blew a kiss to fellow seated in the front row. As he was escorted without handcuffs from the courtroom. Connelly was considered a top agent for his help in breaking the New England mafia in 1970's and he's by using information he got from top echelon FBI informants James Weddie Bulger and Stephen the Rifleman Flemmy leaders of the winner-hill gang. Connelly was convicted in May of racketuring obstructed justice in line to an FBI agent for tipping off Bulger and Flemmy about criminal investigations and warning them about an upcoming incident in 1995 in Dytman. Bulger fled OIC, Bulger fled remains a fugitive on the FBI's most wanted list. Flemmy was serving a tenure prison sentence for money laundering extortion and obstructed justice. He's awaiting trial for his alleged role in 10 murders. So in other words, he wasn't just these weren't merely fraternity house pranks as what they're saying. These were heavy duty stuff. I saw the one saying you had a little bit too close, a little bit too muddy buddy. He was playing both sides against the middle, and now he's going to play both sides at the wall against the middle, with a habit, little con. That little hard one. Vid. Threatened 68 votes on our pool and I'll see if this thing is chain-not. She's coming back a little bit good. After I won influence the pool, because you won't let you believe okay, even though some of you may be full of crap like a little more than a 30 or full of crap. And for a naive, who's being naive now? Okay. Threatened 68 votes. Who do you believe regarding last Friday's fake terrorist threat on Freak and Alligator Allie? Who do you freaking believe? Freak and Unistone, the Georgia woman 23764.4 freaking percent. And the three Muslim medical students, speaking of Freak, the one of anyway, 131, 35.5 percent. Hey, you know when you shop for quality, footwear, selection and professional service are important to everybody. But Brandy Shoes is doing such a great job and he been going so strong for so many years because when it comes to selection and price, they're unbeatable. They got people working in Brandy so know your feet will make sure you get a perfect fit every time. But when it comes to price, like I said, they are absolutely unbeatable, which is why their people are loyal customers and keep coming back. And we're not talking about off-brands either. We're talking about the top names in a business like rock ports, S.A.S. Spirits, Timberland naturalizer and lots more. And with their humongous selection, you're almost never going to be disappointed. They won't have to special order for you. But of course, if they do, no problem and all the works to charge. Brandy is open daily, 9 to 9 Sundays, 10 to 5. You'll find Brandy's and their same stupidest location. 1290 North Federal Highway in Papeno Beach and that summer occurrence close-out, Sarah is continuing for a select group of famous brands. 73% savings right now as I speak. Only at Brandy's shoes and prestigious Pompanobay. 10 miles, 10 miles, this is 430560. Wait, who am I? As Howard David, when I take my fell bean, I listen to the new Rogers 12.1 hour, not George because he's stupid. 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles, 10 miles Like a giant wheel! Pavel 2 at 5, 60, WQI am guess so what the deadlyest day in U.S. history was. I give up. Guess, September 11th? No. Today, September 17th, really? 140 years ago this week today, two armies thrust north through western-world, and faced off at a battle so savage that it's one day death toll is unsurpassed in American history. On September 17th, 1862, invading Confederate forces on Union Persuers collided in rolling sheets of fire at Antim Creek, a shallow river of water and lake through orchards and cornfields, not far from the upper stretches of the Potomac River. The battle near the dusty crossroads of Shopsburg into the first Confederate invasion of the north, it raised the stakes of the Civil War for Merck and the World. Despite last years horrendous losses in the 9-11 terrorist attacks, the one day casually told that Antim remains unequalled. The story in James M. McPherson notes in a new book that the 6,365 Union in Confederate soldiers killed in mortally wounded that Antitim, more than twice than the 344 fatalities, including the 19 hijack, or suffered the attacks on the World Trade Center in the Pentagon last year. Another 15,000 men would in the battle of Antitim would recover, but many of them would never again walk on two legs or work with two arms, McPherson rights, and crossroads of freedom and Tidim the battle had changed the course of the Civil War, published by Oxford University Press. The casualties at Antitim were four times greater than Americans killed at wounded at the Normandy beaches June 644, they were also greater than the combined casualties of all the nation's 19th century wars accepting the Civil War itself. The consequences of the battle were not confined to the Butchersville, the name some gave to list of dead and wounded that flooded newspapers in the north and south, although neither Army was destroyed, the Confederates were badly hurt. Their commander General Robert E. Leoband in his invasion of the north, and retreated across the Potomac River, Jr. That gave a present link in the circumsizing needed to publish plans to declare free all slaves held in territory controlled by the Confederacy, perhaps no consequence of Antitim was more momentous than this one, it changed the character of the war, McPherson rights. I mean like that, Mapples, I didn't know that. I forgot. Yeah, you forgot. See, you're supposed to be our history buff. Yeah, no. But again, you remember starting to fade, which is either that buggy head or god punishing you for saying that he died drop-in thing about that football player. See, you must have known that it was black. I had no idea. I think it was a racist thing. Well, maybe you had a premonition. Maybe I just don't get kids with asthma shouldn't be playing those kinds of games. And after kids start having chest pains, it's probably a real good idea to get them off to the sideline and give them a little bit of assistance instead of continuing to let them play until they start getting in real real serious trouble. And then it's too late. Which seems to be the pattern in a lot of these stories. Most of these stories are in a case of all something happened like spontaneously immediately, and somebody just like that on the field of Faloron, Sam? Yeah, no. There's no point in my getting pissed off about it because it's the American F and my man, it's just not going to change. But it seems like we've got like the dead football player do's your now on a menu. Every day there's another one. If we need that little girl, a 10-year-old girl that died couple weeks right, head injury. It's pretty hard to do that. Yeah, playing a playing contact football, I still say, what's a 10-year-old little girl doing playing contact football, you mora? I think those parents ought to be strong up. Don't you? Was her right to play with them? I see. Oh, here's the van Dam family. Did you ask the opportunities? Those pots, moken, swinging, scumbags? I'm just the joke and I'll come just out. And of course there's nothing funny about that story either. Except the fact that this guy's going on death row, West or Field, Chester Field, but the fact is he's not going to get the needle because he's just got the line as too long. Have you ever gone lucky into a store in the line? I just too long to ask him to make it. You're going to die before you get the... Have you ever gone lucky into the supermarket? You went up and down the house? And then there was no line. I was sure that like 16 people each had like a full basket. Yes. And you just left your crap. And what do you do? Do you take this stuff back and put it where belongs? Yeah. Oh, yeah, sure. Yeah. I love the C-70 who would do that. And eventually we got people who are liars and as... Oh, yeah, we do that. If we see the lines, it's too long. We don't... we take an extra 20 minutes to go back and put every item back in its proper place. I'll tell you what if I have like ice cream or something like that. I'll put that back in the bowl. Something that's perishable. Like ice cream, right? But if it's canned goods or something, forget about... What kind of ice cream? Reviewboard cheeses. He'll publicize names of bishops who mishandle abuse claims. Here's some good news. Oklahoma City. See, there is some good news out there. And they're not too much. Well, and by the way, you'll be pleased to know that the Bush people are ready saying, hey, forget about... We want to... we want the numbers allusion in the U.N. Okay. We're not buying it. We don't think they're sincere. Then I could love the inspectors. And they're not going to show us nothing. We got the war machine all rolled up here at 2. You know, they're playing the new theme song is going to be... It's 2. Late by Carol King. How do you like that? So like I've been trying to tell you, this has been a done deal for a long time. And now of course, just were a few weeks before the election. Now is the opportunity moment to strike is what they've decided. And of course, that the heat's getting real strong, especially on Cheney. Now is the real good time to like, let that smoke cloud go. Office gate. Anyway, the head of a national panel said yesterday that he'll soon reveal the names of Roman Catholic bishops who are failing to comply with the church's new policy for disciplining priests to molest children. See what I'm talking about? I told you it was just a dog and pony show. I know. We'll put on a good show for public consumption. The media will say, oh yeah, well, here we're here's what they're doing. They're reforming. And then we'll go back into whatever and how we want to. Anyway, Oklahoma Governor Frank Keating, chairman of the Church of Put in National Review Board said the information the committee had gathered. So far, it indicates most dices are implementing the plan bishops approved in June, as then the clerical sector of his courses. He didn't say how many bishops he thought were violating the policy. Or exactly when he would release their names. But the board had questions about how the plan was being followed. And some dices, Keating, be saying. The governor made the remarks after his survivors network of those abused by priests, SNAP, said it's got evidence that 13 of the nation's 195 dices have failed to comply with the new policy. SNAP representatives met with the appointed National Review Board for more than an hour yesterday. Susan Archibald, president of the link-up, another victim's advocacy group at the meeting, said the board was placed in the battle with very few weapons, accepted stability to alert the public about which pellets were violating the plan. We see very little accountability for the senior management of the Church of America, SNAP said, and a statement presented to the board were afraid that dozens of priests with histories of sexual abuse remain in the public ministry. In the cubic ministry, the board made up of 13 prominently Catholics was established as a way to help enforce the reform policy that U.S. bishops overwhelmingly approved three months ago. The board is met just twice, allowing advocates for victims to participate briefly in vote sessions, the board was to continue meeting privately throughout the day. And its first meeting July 30, the board directed the bishops' staff to compile a preliminary survey of policy implementation in each thiccies that report was to be removed yesterday. They were looking at over. They were, they were, they were dealing with it. They were thinking about it. China food poisoning investigated? Do you hear this story? Nope. Oh, you're going to love this. And right in the middle of the lunch hour, you bastard you. Wow, I'm trying to help you lose weight. It's not about the dogs, is it? No. Rats. Well, close. Hundreds of people fell ill after eating food laced with rat poison at a snack shop selling fried dough sesame cakes and rice in the Chinese city of Nanjing and police over the criminal investigation into Poisonese yesterday. A thirtieth months ago, they think they got a billion people there, you know, like they can stir up. Authorities refused to release a death toll, but state media said that more than 200 people were sick and then suggested that dozens, including many children might have died. China's, say I was waiting, but we don't have one. It says they died. We don't have one of them. China's reported numerous cases of food poisoning in which restaurants try to save money by using toxic industrial salts instead of table salt or cooks, Mr. Grat poison or other chemicals for food ingredients. Awesome. Maybe you want to run right into China? Isn't that? I got to read that sentence again. Just to convince myself, I really heard the words coming out of my own posts. China has reported numerous cases of food poisoning in which restaurants try to save money by using toxic industrial salts instead of table salt or cooks, Mr. Grat poised another chemicals for food ingredients. In July, a noodle shop owner in southern China was arrested on charges that he poisoned customers at a rival business by putting rat poison in its soup. Okay. Uh-huh. The state controlled media provided only scan accounts in the investigation in the Saturdays poisednings. reporters visiting Tang Shang County saw investigators in white glove searching a food processing factory that supplied the shop and examining the ground outside. The Hexia Goyan and Goyama soybean milk shop where the poison food was bought was closed and its telephone went unanswered. That's the Michigan soybean milk shop. What it says? Police were questioning the manager of a company that supplied food to the shop. The state newspaper China Daily says. Now we're clear it's a criminal case. The police will certainly question all related people for investigation. These spokeswoman said Hong Kong, newspaper reports that 41 people were killed were wrong, but she refused to release a death toll. News papers end in official reach by telephone at Jiangsu Province of an epidemic prevention station. Subexamination is sample sent from hospital showed the victims had eaten rat poison. Rat poison. I found one guy. One guy puts rat poison in his competitor's soup to put him out of business. I get it. I've been at work. Uh-huh. So I found a drop. Oh, you know what? What? I just act roughly. Last page of the law, but I don't need that guy my spots in order to see when you're, when you're, you know, on top of things, when you're orderly and we got everything organized, then you don't have to worry about that. Follow where I'm saying. I've got to go out of here. And then of course we have to really put our heads together and consider what we're going to do between 11 and 1 tomorrow. Like we did last Wednesday and 9 11, which by the way, had no complaints about that. Did you? Did you think I thought that when over figure that Murray Tyler Moore myself? And especially by the end of the day, people thought, oh, thank goodness we had those two hours of a few chuckles and something as opposed to the indation of the morbid of the, the planes crashing into buildings and the people weeping in Nash and carrying on, at least we had a little bit of a respite from that crap, a little. 12 minutes past noon at 5. 60 WQA, if you find yourself looking in the mirror, wondering where you're here, what is probably down the drain on the ground is probably long gone. So get the phone to call the best in the here business Charles Alphiary. Charlie's got the latest technology that provides sensational results for those you guys who want some more here in the most amazing natural headline. In other words, his system looks like the real thing like it's really growing out of your scalp. That's the difference. See, that's why when you see people like Aaron Brown or Sam Donaldson on TV and you say, oh my god, look at every dick that was looking away. And that's because you know what it looks like. It looks like a freaking wig, like a farm animal died on their head is nesting there. But when you got the natural headline system from Chuck Alphiary, it looks like they're really growing out of your scalp. People wouldn't even know it's not the real thing, which is why he's been in business and doing it for guys for over 25 years now. At no price in the world, can you get a better looking piece than you will from Charles Alphiary? So if you want to look better and younger than you have in a Cooldon Zayne's, call today and take advantage of your special $200 Near Rogers discount. And Charlie also services and repairs all types of your systems. Why do I only wait for only 25 to 30 bucks? And everybody who gets the new piece gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee. If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, if you're not getting late at least 40 50 60 times a day, Charlie will give you a full refund no questions asked. Looking forward to seeing Charlie at those Panther games, I'll be going to like four or five games this season. So make the call today and get your hair back. Get rid of that bald spot and like I said, look at how about better than you ever dreamed to look again. Call 1-800-321-2413. What is that number? That's 1-800-321-2413. A log on to their website at Charles Alphiary.com. They gave us one of the defining songs of 80s new wave. Now they give us a line of bulls shit about why they let Burger King use it in a commercial that one time. They were modern English. Oh, stop! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Oh yeah, ask anyone. When we were out met with you, we were thinking of cheese. Yeah, that's it. Goian delicious cheese. Oh melting on top of two old beef patties. Oh my come on let's rock it around man. Tonight you'll hear modern English monthman, Colin full of it, Harris, asking us to believe that he knew the song would be used in a commercial years later. When you think of it, a woman is like cheese really. She's tempting and delicious about 30% fat. All those years. He told me that note with you with about how great the sex was with me. Now it's about a fucking cheese burger. Colin's ex-girlfriend, want a camera bear. I just feel so cheap. If like all those times he was with me, he might have all been dry-humping as sandwiched. Finally, when confronted with the image of dry-humping a burger, the leader of modern English stared down his demons and told the truth. Oh, we did it right this summer commercial. We needed the money! There they are guys. As far as using your song into commercial goes, you're in good company. With a bunch of other jerk-offs sell out scumbags, most of whom are far more famous than you. It's a big juicy, shopping wed look at show business. Tonight, on inside the mind. Now you do all what you have to do is figure that fairly soon. We got to get back to that one hit wonder thing. Because I have all that stuff here as a matter of fact. I got all the music. I can't wait. I'll let you ready for it. Right now, let's start. Maybe like Friday, something. Okay. Anyway, 200. I got all the stuff here. I got all the ones that we did before. I got an Iranian CD. He's right as well. Do something with it. Now what, what do you do with the one that I got it? I got it. My little red food. Okay. The one where we did the runoff from the other ones from the first six or whatever. Yes. I got those. And the audience is saying, Oh, gee, not that. And then they chronic facts will be fetching an amen saying, Oh, you're not going to do that crap again. Where he's the one hit wonder is, or you know the one that affects me with that Nelson facts you're there. Where you sick that day. You were not there. I don't know. I remember. He facts before. Lots of times. What the hell are you playing? One hit wonder. Oh. What has said not today? 300 92. I'd rather hear he died. 300 92 votes. He died. Who do you believe regarding last Friday's fake terror threat? Unistone a Georgia woman 252 64.2% percentage is our change in all that much. And of course, we've only got two choices on there. You know, it's like it's like an election when there's only two choices. Like the November 5th of the Goodman and Turret election, where there will be well or be more choices. Bob Kunst will be on there again. Oh, but he has any idea why. Nobody has any idea why because it's sure he's here then going on giving a real on his job isn't it Bob? Isn't that the truth? Yeah. So he's running for governor again. Even Alice Ruben gave up that crap. Oh, he was all over the place on that Kathy Wilson certain night on city confidential. That's a good show. You don't watch that. I have an A&E. I keep missing it. Like I don't know what it's on. That kind of thing. The only thing that bothers me about that show is the narrator. His name is Paul something. I saw his name on there, which I never knew his name. And he sounds like Vincent Price. But of course Vincent Price has been dead for some time now. And he's he sounds like Vincent Price, but he's not. You know what I'm saying? So he just annoys me and he speaks in kind of like a, I don't know. Melodramatic way kind of like Bill Curtis does on a lot of melodrama there. You know what I mean with the filter. Melodrama just a little bit melodramatic. But his hands he's got the haters with his hands. Anyway, it's very 92 votes. Eunice has got 252 and a few muscle medical students 140. They didn't mean not. They didn't say not. They didn't know not. Long guys, you're a fashion plate that we know something about doylies. I haven't used that word in a long time. I love it word. And it is a great word. In fact, in my house, as a kid growing up, we always had doylies. And every table my mother had a doylie under whatever under the lamp that if you have couch arm doylies. So the, oh, how much I'm out is very big on those are you kidding me? I think now though in recent years instead of doylies under couch arms are like, what would you call them? They, they're sleeves kind of like a little bit. Exactly. They're little sleeves made from the same material that the couch is made from. So it's like like, Mr. Man's. Rie just can't stand Kelly even though they're supple. He gently he wants daughter Joanna to replace you. This is an examiner this week. We got to get back into the tabloids this week, okay? But which for some reason I'm able to get them almost a week ahead up here as opposed. And when you think that would be just the other way around since the name since we discovered it up there in Boca, you'd think all the tabloids are printed right there. You think you'd have like a head of time. But maybe the problem is that our magazine or a newspaper magazine supplies there like a slack and off a little bit, including Captain Sing. Why I understand his on alligator alley right now. Didn't you over here, what do you say? That's just a joke, Captain Sing. We don't need anybody investigating Captain Sing. Is it good to speak? Is it sea or is it sea? And of course, you know what they say about guys like him. They seek their own level, which is why gravitated to us. These are good guy, Captain Sing. He's probably the same right now, but they're on the beach, which is. Rie just can't stand Kelly. Don't believe all that chummy chatter between Rie just filled a film and Kelly rip on their morning talk show behind the scenes. The TV side kicks aren't speaking in which other sandside is. It's the total silentryman reveals a set side inside or they have nothing to say to each other. The situation is so hopeless that Rie just is even said to be grooming his 29 year old daughter Joanna to take Kelly's place. Joanne, did we play that? Not lately, I sure hope not. Rie just has fed up with his coho's societics on the show and her shameless attempts to steal his thunder sources, and the feud is now reached such a fever pitch that they don't even try to hide the bitterness between them. The ill will between the two has gotten so bad, but they weren't speaking to each other to reason promo shoes for popular talk show. A source tells MSNBC gossip columnist, Jeanette Walls, how do you like that? Where'd he even speak into each other day at a public thing? So it looks like a big rip. When a camera wasn't rolling, they would even go through the motions of pretending to like each other. They would barely even look at each other. It was painful. Say his the source. Rie just 71 and Kelly 31 have reportedly been announced with each other since he replaced Kathy Lee Gifford last year. That bitch, he's furious say sources that she's upstate dim with sexy clothes and mascara marks on the ear while she complains he's an old funny daddy who ought to keep up with the times. She went have a point, you know. Rie just feels that after 20 years he knows who's the show's audience, what the show is about and how he has the host need to behave. Says another insider. Kelly means while from the MTV generation, she's young, she wants to live it up to show. She's not aware of her afraid of where we're being closed and the show end to show off her hot body. She looks here, her face. I mean, I don't know about that body thing because she's standing sideways here in this picture. But she looks pretty scary in this one picture. It was gorgeous. She's got a pretty face unfortunately. She has an Audi so I don't like her anymore. Not in this picture. She looks like Helen wheels and Rie just looks it looks like they brought in this figure queen from the madam to so's wax museum. He looks petrified. Of course he is standing next to her and she's got one boo bun and shoulder. The crux of the feud is that Rie just feels Kelly doesn't give them respect. He deserves after all this TV success. But Kelly counters that she's responsible for the show is so ring ratings and is there special treatment too. Rie just was the star when Kelly came in and now she's acting like the star walls source says. These set side are insider ads. Rie just is a gentleman from the old school and doesn't sit right within the Kelly flots or sexy and his every chance he gets. He's tried to use his influence with producer Michael Gilman to get him to order Kelly to clean up a rack but Gilman takes a hands off approach with her because the ratings have gone up so dramatically since he joined the show. He isn't about to mess with success. So what does Rie just saw bad out of shape about it is probably just more more puff and crap. You think? No I'm sure he's upset God because I've been hearing that from all over the place. He's upset because of what you just said. I mean I like Rie just but he's got a gigantic ego. Right. And here's a guy that bumbled around with joy bishops. So now it's your one I feel faded show years ago. He had that exercise show on the channel. It's not even on him or that cable channel. What was it the hell channel? What it is. And uh he finally hit it with this show and then of course he got that millionaire thinking he has got more money than God and how can you let your ego get in a way? That'd be a good pull to take one day. Who's got the bigger ego? Rie just or Bob Barker. Oh there you go. And when they're going to retire already. How much you need Rie just how much you need Bob. We've already spayed and neutered every animal we can find. I think you're next Bob from over here in about you and it was uh Barker's cuties. How come they don't like Rod Roddy bring on Rod's cuties from Thailand? 422 Vogue all he does but have those great those lovely suits. Yeah. Have you ever noticed those suits you wear it? Yeah. He gets those in Thailand. It's not that they really are very snappy. You know who was it? First told me about Rod Roddy. I give up. I'll give you I'll give you like about a three word clue. If I can find it. Okay. I said a forward clue. I am that hemorrhate. Oh how about that? Because he used to work with an in Buffalo. Rod Rod used to be a DJ and WKBW in Buffalo. Back in a joint Reynolds days and Stan Roberts and Danny Neverth and those days. I'm I don't we got to get to the original place and they're going to CBS morning show but I guess we got to do a break. See that's what happens when you don't have the log and funny like that. You're stuck in and by the way, PD Lenny that's only piece of copy referred right in concept is already torn up into a million smithereens. I don't need no copy for dry concepts. Okay. Especially we're talking about what was it about schmutz and schlepping and schlepping crap and oh god, schlepping out. Put him in a parking lot. Let the water moutsy run over him a few times. Anyway, if your carpets are schmutzie, see there you go. I didn't need his help. Dry concepts can make him look sparkling just like brand new. How do they do it? They do it with a padded exclusive method which means that nobody else in the world does it for you like this. They dry clean your carpets. That's where the name of the outfit comes from. Dry concepts. And by the time they get done, you'll be shaking your head and saying I cannot believe it. I'm not exaggerating. That's why I always feel about it because your carpets, you know, they get kind of that nasty look tool. They kind of tell me where can you really tell that they're dirty and they don't smell all that great. When they leave your carpets look like you just had brand new late on the floor and they smell a lot of fresh and they're drying a couple of hours too. So it's a great deal all the way around plus they give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start touching anything even the carpets and they're no rip off through scams at the end. And they also do a spectacular job of a thing in your furniture and drapery. If you like, spot dying, proper protection, carpet repairs, implant or annual rug service, deodorization, and a flood strikes your home, complete water damage restoration too. They're the best in the universe which is why I've been using them for over 20 years. And everybody I know with a brain uses dry concepts. In the Broward call 950-4377878, 950-7778, in date or Palm Beach, column toll free, 1-800-248507-1, that's 1-800-248507-1, clean today and retain tonight, with dry concepts and PD Lenny. It is so freaking cold. You're gay. And I cringe every time the wind blows. In my pants, something is shrinking. I'm so cold I can't lip-sync. Let's be cause it's a real baby. And I cannot feel my toes. There's a feeling in my fingers and my pride with parts of those. Oh my nose is about to fall. There's a cloud every time that I go. And my hands are blue. They are turning on. They might have you dead my thumbs. Let's be cause it's a real baby. I can barely move my mouth. Oh my, I'm a red heart that's in love. But first I need you to be done out. Yes, I need you to be for the hours. That's because it's real. Oh, great. We're so pretty. I'll tell you what to get. Oh Jason London. Who's no relation to Brian London? You gave me more bad information. 1234-560-WQAM. 49 votes on a pool 409. Let's play that. What do you say beach boys for a night? Okay, I'll go get it. Don't. Put you believe regarding last Friday's fake terror threat. Are you eating something there? Very superficially now. I am so obticiously. And what are you eating? A mohimani salad from my balance for life. Are you eating balance for life? Well, that's excellent. It is excellent. Grilled. No less. And what's Carlisdon? Not in his ego. What is that? He's not getting paid. You're not even feeding him? I offered him some chocolate cheesecake from balance for life, but he doesn't like chocolate. He wants something substantial. He wants something of say wants a Wayne Arnold. He wants some Anili burgers with cheese. He wants in here from those people every now and again. For more people, those various people, pizza loft for example, Wayne Arnold sometimes. Well, certainly not often enough. Castaways. And did you also go in there and jump up and down on Duff's new desk and his new office and say, we want Carlos paid starting this week. Or else we're all walking out of the seven old desk is halfway to its new or if it's on its side in the middle of the hallway. Well, good. Then hop right on the side. It should be easy for a little image. It like you to sit right on the side. No let them move it another foot right after the show. You go right out there and sit on the side of that desk and say, we're not there's no more moving going on. In fact, I'm going to do a movement right on the side of the desk. You're unless you get with it. I can quit. I could cook that up. Quit dicken around. I'm sure you could. That's why I suggest that. No problem. And not only that, but threatened to bring fast boy in there and like, uh, do a, yeah, do a two man routine. That's it. 409 votes. What do you believe regarding the debacle on the alley last Friday? Who do you believe? A 415 like I said, you and a stone, a Georgia woman 64.8%. 269 votes. The three miles of medical students, 146.35.1. Jane Clayson is out as Coincoror CBS rating star of the early show and veteran Harry Smith may be back in. Following Bryan Dumbals departure in May, Clayson's exit means CBS will put together a new team to battle NBC's number one today and ABC's getting good morning America for the breakfast audience. And man, though, shows sucker what? Do those shows really suck or what? Man, talk about Vanilla, talk about tapioca pudding. Smith who did morning duty for nine years at CBS is in talks to take to job again, sources told the Daily News yesterday. The network's also considering Hannah Storm of NBC Sports. Wow. Smith 51 has been hosted by in these biographies since 99 recently spent a week as guest co-anchor on the early show and as told friends, he's eager to get back into network news. Well, if that's your idea of network news, Harry, good luck to you, okay? CBS was also in third place in the morning when Smith was at home with Paula's son who was now CNN's morning push. But Smith was always hired in regard to with CBS news. One insider said he's beloved here. Everybody thought he was one of the best. He is good, Harry Smith. You know, like Harry Smith? I like him. Fine. Are you eating again? Storm 40 is also at a Philanston on the early show. A Cedar World diminished at NBC Sports since then. We're lost towards the NBA. In the end, CBS may not stop at Tuneu High. Is there's been talk that executives are thinking about broadening the traditional male female morning show team to an ensemble lineup. CBS News spokesman Sandi Jenilius had notices have been made about the New Orleans show anchors. Place in 35 will leave the early show in a few weeks, but as expected to sound with CBS News for a new role, there was still on the discussion. Never did find somewhere to show that bitch. But you're out, honey. You're out. Show blows. Oh, look at that. Patrick, you win. But the next phase of my life. I like to thank the name. He's out. He retired. The great ape retires. You know, Patrick, you win? Nope. Well, he retires NBA star New York next. Okay, rookie of the year in 19 or Orlando magic. He's returned from the magic. He says no mow. They were great. The great, pay, pay. He's out. GOP using faith initiative to rule voters. This is enough to make you lose your, uh, my, he, my. Republicans are using the prospect of federal grants from the Bush administration's faith-based initiative to boost support from GOP candidates, especially among black voters in states and districts with tech, congressional races this fall. I, I got to be honest with you, that was almost as good as Amtrak almost. Maybe not quite, but it was pretty damn close. Thank you, Patrick. Top government officials overseeing the program to send a federal federal social service grants to religious groups have appeared at Republican sponsored events and with GOP candidates and at least six states. The events often target black audience, such as a recent South Carolina seminar to which about 1600 black ministers were invited. The events host explained how the federal program will distribute about 25 million dollars in grants to community groups affiliated with churches and other private sector institutions. As again, they continue burying the line, the separation of church and state. The South Carolina v. July 19th was sponsored by the state of Republican Party. Those who attended received follow-up letters on GOP stationary explaining how to apply for grant money. Ron Thomas, the party's political director called the event a phenomenal success that helped put a human face on the party again. Poshes repeatedly said the faith-based initiative is not political. I'm February one way to announce that Jim Toy would replace John Jade del Urio, or Urio, whatever it is, guys, name is head of the program. The president said Toy understands that these things are more important than political parties. And one of those things more important than political parties is help heal the nation's soul, he said. Right. Some lawmakers will pose the president's faith-based initiative, say they fear to could be used for political purposes, Madison and Jefferson understood the lesson of human history that when you start combining the power politics and the power of religion, you end up with politicians using religion as the means to their own hands, representative chat and words democratic Texas be saying, how do you like that? So farewell to the great-aid Patrick you and he's out, he retired. I thought you'd be all broken up about that. Who? We got the mad dog Jim Man is doing a show from Schuels Day 2 of Monoclock today. They got another pushover Sunday to Jets game, although maybe that curse, you know, maybe that whole curse thing. It might have some impact, although I'll be honest with you. I doubt it. Hank Goldberg at three Hankle have Patrick's or Tang between the five and six hours, you can call him and say, hey, simple ball, we can smell Super Bowl. And then you got the Marlins in the Expose, Eddie K. after baseball and Joe and Mark III, dirty boys, two to six in the morning to write a little bit of material for our morning guy. Tom Lehman and Halib Pani, actually, MC, they're not too happy about that morning. Sure, I'll take that right now. In fact, when you go down Lehman Pani, I ask a time about that. He couldn't say nothing on a year, but off a year, he might screw your ear. He might give you a big show on the dance about that. In fact, he probably will. Anyway, forget about that. Let's get back to buying a car. Zero percent financing is back again at Lehman Pani. That's right. What did I call it? At Halib Pani. What I should put his name on it. You know what? He's the main man. With the proof credit from GMAC, you can get zero percent financing up to 36 months on all 2003 Pontiac and GMC models, or take a wee bit of up to four grand on all 2002 Pontiacs or GMC models in stock. And why do you read Halib or Lehman? Let's start calling it Lehman Pani. I can see if we get a rise out of time. You think? Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs including the envoy, voted by Motor Trend as the SUV, the year. And of course, that great, that's 50. All new Pontiac 5 SUV that's got the power of a fantastic sports car. In fact, Georgia would like to be driving one of those right now. Yeah. Why not talk to Tom next time he's stopped by? Okay. So I like Kim Boatcamp for reason. Okay, guy, but he shouldn't have that vibe. Would you like to have a vibe? Okay. I prefer Corvette's myself and Tom Don't Solo's. Halib's also read a stipendist dependable selection of great pre-owned cars, perks and SUVs. And if by any chance, some other dealer was nasty enough to turn it down because your credit may be a little on the spotty side. Have no fear because Halib Pontiac is here, though work you'd deal and get you into a great user new car. So for a great deal on Pontiac and GMC, this is the place Halib Pontiac GMC 134136. You highway. That's US one across from the falls open every single day. Seven days away. Calib Pontiac GMC do be pro-feional grace. A young as too young. All the world loved Harry Potter when the sorcerer's stone. And now he's back in theaters. And this time he's traded in his one for a 44-meg. Journey Harry Potter. Go ahead, punk. Cast my spell. 30 Harry Potter. Nothing is as enchanting as a trigger happy sociopath bumping off the bad guys with tough guy catchphrases and a little touch of wizardry. A man's got to know his in-campet. 30 Harry Potter. He's making his own rules and cleaning up Hogwarts Academy. One Cory but a time. I know what you think it's. Did he cast six spells or only five? What a day that truth in all the six-segment I got to last track myself. But being this is a 44-meg number. The most magical hand got in the world and would blow your head clean off. You got to ask yourself one question. Do I feel lucky? What do you? Muggle. 30 Harry Potter. If it's editing like the first Harry Potter film, it'll make a fist full of dollars. Judy Harry Potter is made a IQ 13. 1246 at 560 WKOM. Here's a facts and I'm sure you looked at this. Yes. Say your doctor isn't doctor. Is what it says I'm not using the name. I've been with him for years and he's been great. I mean your mom's doctor. Well the fact of the matter is it's his office. He's too important because he don't have afternoon hours this guy. So naturally he's got some other flunkies that work in his office and guys they just got off the banana boat. In fact the doctor I did see and I used Dr. Lucley. He was bragging to me about the fact that he's got off the banana boat. I said oh yeah I think I just got off on George you're okay man. Something like that. Last year. Something like that. I mean this guy was a doctor like my little dog is a guy named brain surgeon. Okay that's how much of a medical exam he gave me. And the thing that I had to go through all of this was not kind of about the seventh adjun. I was there like the third of the eighth adjun right? Okay. Yes. Yeah. Well that was my June five days. And the day before I left I went to the doctor because number one I need to refill my prescriptions number one and number two. See since my good friend Gary left Dr. Dick my life isn't worth a crap anymore. You know what I mean? At least Gary used to take care stuff like that. And the other thing was I wanted to find out what this damn you know sinus condition was all about because I've been constantly getting the colds and this and went and doubt knock it out. This side is infection. This nasty grotesque that I had to go through all of June all of July and a half August till Dr. Ham. Thanks again Dr. Ham and Rimmer, you too. So my doctor isn't doctor but that's the one. That's the orifice. Okay. So if you have it to be a patient just pray that you never find that he's too busy around vacation and you have to go in and see doctor you're a shment required of this guy's name is Dr. Banana Boat because this guy ain't no doctor. Will he call in a prescription for you? Okay. He did write out the prescriptions. I will say that. What do you want and get out of here? You know we're going to send you over to the professor. I'll take that. Protesters and Rome, the cryborel scony. You know this story which haven't hold it on to here a couple of days. This story is from last to the 14th which is what they had Saturday. Yeah. Yes. And this is right about at the time. I guess it was Friday that he was here sucking up with George W. Burlus scony. Here is one of the great crux. This man makes Mussolini look like a guide to them. Santa Claus, like the two theory. 10s of thousands of protesters rallied in central Rome on Saturday accusing conservative Premier Sylvia Burlus scony of using political par for his personal benefit and saying opposition parties were not doing enough about it and they are absolutely correct. The demonstration came as Burlus scony was in the US meeting with President Bush about possible military action in Iraq. Protesters gathered in Rome's Piazza San Giovanni Saturday led by filmmaker Nani Moretti. The liberal movie director set up the rally to protest a government build that could help Burlus scony, a media maggot who was Italy's richest man, in a case of alleged bribery. The Italians who voted for Burlus scony were following a dream and they woke up at a nightmare she told a pack crowd that wave vanished flags and balloons. Quarter of a million people is what they said the other day. The controversial government bill would allow to finance to ask for their trials to be an older movie to another court if they have legitimate suspicion that judges are biased against them. Burlus scony is untroudly nylon for allegedly briving judges in the 80s and has long contended that leftist prosecutors are unfairly targeting him. So he keeps changing the way they keep changing law for broadcast ownership. The owns uh rye he owns all these uh radio and TV stations. To make a long story short he's a freaking crook is what he is Burlus scony. And this is a second go round no less. They never met a crook I guess that they didn't like. And it's the only way they change Prime Minister's like, yeah, I'll like most you change you underwear every few months. Pathetic. Speaking of pathetic, fix for pedophile sites targeted. The photos on websites portnought see. I don't know but this maybe we're going to have to like outlaw this here's catalog too. The photos on the websites portray no nudity and no sex yet men by the thousands paid a ogolem, shots of preteen girls posing in bikinis and halter tops. Defended as free speech by some such pictures are being blessed as a fix for pedophiles by a congressman who is waging an uphill campaign to vanish them from the internet representative Mark Foley a Florida Republican. He says the pool of photos is growing at an unabated pace. Foley has opted to build now before they house you this year a committee intended to shut down the websites by outlawing exploitive child modeling. Don't you think we'll have to outlaw the assures catalog? Right now pennies. Even he conceits however that the measure has potential loopholes and anti-sensorship groups say we're likely to be struck down as an unconstitutional infringement of free expression. It's doomed from the starts of Gary Daniels of the National Coalition Against censorship. At Florida based we be webcorp or I love that we be webcorp which runs one of the largest networks of child modeling sites co-founder Mark Greenberg says he can't vouch for the motives of his customers but he insists that no child featured on his site is suffered any physical harm. If I said pedophiles are definitely not looking at these sites that would be a crock Greenberg said by phone in his forelaw to their office but the majority of people look into them are not bad people if it's within the law and people want to do it as more power to them. It's like if somebody's watching God name reruns of flipper and Sandy's on air running around with a naked you could file. Yeah I'm not talking about when he was like 12 years old. I'm talking about you know a little later on 13 and a half. Hey nothing wrong with Luke Kalp and man back in those days and now of course he's a grizzled old man. He's almost as old as I am for Christ 6. We love you Luke but don't send any pictures please. I mean yeah we're how far do you carry that? Everything has got to be censored. I'd like to see this time fully. I'd like not time but that was a name mark fully. I'd like to see him in Europe for about five minutes. Watching the TV this stuff that just comes over the TV. I'm not even talking about cable or satellite. I'm talking about over the air stuff. Let's look through his family photo albums to see if he has any kids. Where is he? Yeah dressed and how about how about pictures of kids and bathing suits? Uh oh oh oh oh you know it's one thing we're like a nail people that really deserve it who are really abusing a molesting kid. It's another thing to smell a pedophile under every goddamn rock. You check any rocks lately? Also picking a rock star doctor well to be our doctor and rock sister used to be doctor Joe rock. I talked about that. You know the one used to come to the house with little black sack. You know you make those with a face. See if you if you want to head that you to call up doctor rock you to come right to the house in a morning. It's good to get what Samantha I've had. I see you to felt better by noon. Criminating orbit. Not anymore because first of all he was like a GP. You know family. Now we got a doctor for your little finger for your uh nuts for your ass for your uh right uh boob. Yeah specialists. Hey if you love your home but you need more space here's the answer for how yourself that problem. Do what hundreds of other people are doing smart people they call strictly additions. Whether you're having a baby you need another room. If you're converting a car porter patio and living space or maybe you're going to the business for yourself and you want to make a home office. All you have to do is make one easy phone call to strict the additions. There you're one stop shop more space for your place place with an absolutely worry for your approach to expand your living space. Those no shows by the contractors will not happen. In complete work no way Jose no unexpected bills no worries about the job not getting done right and they take care of every single stick in last detail. They drop your blueprints. They get to building permits and all the inspections for you. Strictly additions has got that easy 5-step approach to total customer satisfaction. Number one they call the schedule a free project to value a bunch of permanent your home where project estimator will determine the scope of your addition to what you'd like to do. Number two schedule a bit of payment in their convenience or where you'll get a detailed proposal and an exact price for the work. Number three select your finishing touches then go to contract number four review the Zonarcha architectural drawings and then five sit back and relax and just take a take a deep breath. As your dream edition moves ahead on schedule will unbeatable quality. It's a piece of cake called Street Fiddishes today look for the red and the yellow pages are called 954 7918100 that's 954 7918100 they're licensed and ensured professionals who do sensational work for you. Tell Moldio Tordidicall strictly editions 954 7918100. Baby comply with these two. 560 WQAM presents the OPM Anthony show with Mo Howard David. This is OPM. And I'm Anthony you're waiting for me with a low voice. Oh yeah you got the affected boy. Okay yeah I hope you and let's not forget our old pal Mo Howard David that's yeah I was wondering how long would take for you to pumps the girl around to me. I really hit the big time I have I am with the OPM Anthony. Hey Mo what take off your pants yeah we're gonna rape you now. You got to think Anthony. This is a family show. Wrong this is the gop on Anthony show. Come on. I put your guys only did that in truck. Hey get your hands up. Get out of there. That's my dog. Hold fetch my delicate tough tender. What is everybody want to rape me? Like us we think it's funny that's why. Yeah you got a nice back. Oh I got those for you Kelly. I'm still spray. Oh I ought to apologize you. Oh I got a Sam's tight open. I want the red ball and I pair this. All right my open wide for chunky. Let's see me up together now. Shall we? Okay. Open wide for chunky. All right that's my connection. Okay. Yeah you here lips. I should have not. Ready for some video below. You're not the boss of me now. I really thought that's a biggie guy now. No I'm for the girl. We have a gift. No I know. What? You're just gonna leave me here. It will be right back. I'm 5. 60. I feel so you and dead. Okay. Call 59 at 5.60 Q. I'm just happy to look at a pull result. We asked today. Who do you believe? Which one? What's it? Do you believe? We're going to be fake terror threat on alligator rally last Friday. All the big semis. You and a stone and nice, Georgia lady who never stole a freight train and certainly wouldn't embellish us through it like that. All she was doing was eat your strawberry and punky pie at the shonies. Mine and somebody else's business. Anyway you and this 283 65% believe you and this. They three Muslim medical students who are making around and every TV show that's been invented and something to have them been yet 153 35%. Un-feel-able. Okay. We got to. Now what are we going to do about noon 11 to one tomorrow? Play bits right? I think we'll take it under very serious.