Is this sound like a plane? Well, what's the big emergency? There's no rush that I should play today. That's no fun. Wait, what can we tell tomorrow? Just relax. Okay. High school Satanism Club prompts parental outrage. Students say lunchtime meetings do not work your blood at the underworld. San Mateo California. See, there you go again with that California stereotype. A group of San Mateo High School students trying to stir up controversy formed a club based on Satanism and will legitimately associate it with hedonistic philosophy and with the rituals of black magic. Or maybe they allow one or join a wickens. That wickens aren't Satanists. Calling themselves the Satanic thought society, co-president of the club James Doelittle, admits he originally started the club with his friend Matt Heaney to wild things up a bit. But now that the two juniors have stood in the teachers of Anton LeVe, founder of the Church of Satan, is that Anton LeVe? They say Satanism helps people to express themselves. But Satanism purpose to turn a man back into the natural state not having corrupted my religion doelittle said. The club does not worship the devil, he said a sum of things. And a flyer posted around the school, the club says it's close to divide church from state completely. I'll write, I kind of like that club. The flyer also says the club's purpose is to make the community realize that Satanism is not the practice of resurrecting hate and violence through evil spirits. Nor is it a cult religion wherein people worship an horned beast, symbolic ability to or hell. LeVe started the Church of Satan in 1966 under the theory that Satan is not a supernatural being but rather a symbol of defiance and rebellion against a conformist Godfaring society according to LeVe, which you're on the Anton LeVe website. What's wrong with that? No. But what are you so so you're not very enthusiastic so far? What about Satanism? That's just, you know, Satanism doesn't support hate for no reason doelittle said Satan says it's okay to feel hate because hating allows them to love more. While the Church of Satan does practice rituals, he said the club will not be doing this. Furthermore, do little stress that the club is not about hurting others, we don't want people associate us with any violence he said. At the club's first meeting on Wednesday during the school's lunch are approximately 35 students attended. The club is about sharing opinions and views that associate student body president Joey Isso who attended the meeting and joined the club. The two students were successful in whining up parents as well as a few students. Pam Cache said she couldn't believe when her tenth grade daughter told her was announced on the school's loudspeaker that a Satanism club had formed. The parents I talked to are outraged. She said her 15 year old daughter, LaVena Wattam, was equally offended when she heard about the club. I was completely appalled. I'm a Christian and I love God said Wattam was to remember the school's Christian club. Oasis with a kind of a Christian club. But the Satanists are bad and evil. You bitch. Cache said a group of parents that others in the community will be protesting the club at 1230 this afternoon if from the performing arts building. That's a Pacific time. What angers are the most is the school support of the club. It's just a negative that doesn't belong in a school she be saying. But principal, Jaco Lannaca boys quick to point out that under the federal equal access act for secondary schools, the school must allow this club to exist. In an email the 300 parents macabre wrote that this law requires that schools allow a limited open forum for clubs. It also said the students in the club are not devil worshipers and they will not be performing rituals. These young men are really interested in the philosophical teachings of alternative religions he said. And Westball present the PTO supports the and not the PTA the current teacher organization. To support the school's reasoning for allowing the club. I don't think we should tell kids what they can to can't learn as long as it doesn't hurt anybody she said. While macabre said she's received calls from members of the religious community angry about the club's formation, father Harold Snyder of our Lady of Angels Catholic Church in Burlington said the first amendment is behind these students. Let's face it teenagers love the shock you said the best thing you do about is not make a big deal. How do you like that? The good father. The father made more sense than these other questions. Yeah. Well, maybe some of them might become ultra-bois. I guess probably too old. Juliana asked to execute bin Laden in his new book for many York mayor Rudolph Juliana wrote that he asked President Bush three days after these September 11 terrorist attacks. If he could personally execute Osama, Yamama bin Laden, if U.S. forces captured him. I'm sure he thought I was just speaking rhetorically Juliana wrote, but I was serious. In Laden had attacked my city and as its mayor, I had the strong feeling that I was the most appropriate person to do it. Juliana is mentioned frequently as a candidate to have the new Department of Homeland Security being set up by President Bush and response to the 9-11 attacks. In the interview to promote his book leadership doing stores today, Juliana contends that many firefighters died at the World Trade Center because they ignored orders to evacuate, not because of lapses in training or communication. They worked right away banned in ship Juliana said. Juliana also said he expected to reinterpubposing another one from mayor was out, but campaigns for President, U.S. Senator or New York Governor were possible. I've learned that you don't cut off options. I have no idea what the future will bring Juliana. He said, I think I want to go back into government again. Maybe it'll be appointed office, he said. The former mayor also said there's a good chance or a really good chance that he and girlfriend, Judith Nathan, would announce wedding plans soon. In that tweet? Ah. In the interview on Friday, Juliana questioned two reports by management consolidate for McKinsey and company that concluded that poor organization fought a radio equipment and lack of training hurt the rescue effort. They know no must of the things that happened, Juliana said of the consultants who were hired by the Bloomberg administration to analyze the responses of the foreign police department. And McKinsey spokesman couldn't immediately be reached to comment Sunday and a Bloomberg administration spokesman was mom he declined comment. He said, nothing. And speaking of that, World Trade Center discussed in secret documents as CBS News. What's left of a building next to the former Saturday World Trade Center said is that there was to be to mild no one's a date on this. Almost the malice yesterday, I see. Cracks and budgets were found in 89 credit street Friday and Saturday in the building formally home to Georgia's lunch and a mince along was consequently condemned as unsafe and leveled meanwhile in New controversy as a resident ground zero. Her collection of expert analysis and data that could help explain how and why the World Trade Center collapsed as reportedly been compiled as part of insurance lawsuit Manhattan, but the public may never see the information. According to New York Times, the experts who amassed the information are forbidden by confidential agreements from discussing their findings. The material could be withheld of the lawsuit as settle before trial prompting concern among engineers and victim families that the confidential material may be sealed or even destroyed. Obviously in favor of releasing the information but we can't until we're told what to do said, Math is Levy and Engineering Consultant in the case. The Times says the material contains documentary evidence, including maps of the debris piles as well as three-dimensional computerized images of the fallen powers, rare photos and videos of also been collected. The information was gathered largely in secret. As part of a lawsuit involving a group of insurance companies and Larry Silverstein, the Lee Soder of the Trade Center property, the insurance company said the hijackings constitute a single terrorist attack while Silverstein maintains that the two planes hit the 20,000 separate occurrences. Silverstein believes he's entitled away $7 billion payment. The insurance company says he should be paid half that amount. Silverstein and the insurers have spent hundreds and thousands of dollars seeking expert analysis about what caused the collapse. The port authority of New York and New Jersey, which owned the Trade Center complex, said in the statement that access to documents will be decided in case by case basis, consistent with applicable law and policy. In other words, move them up like that. Don't hold your breath. What you think would be important if we found out what it was, the faulty construction to wise and aware force of how was both collapsed? No, they should keep it a secret. Okay, good. Well, we're in a right country for that or at least you are anyway. You are. I don't know. 299 votes. The next vote will be the 300th on our poll today. Who was your favorite dolphins video play by playing out here of all time? I don't give a flying crap about the dolphins. 88 people said that. 29.4%. Rick we were Western P64. Well, I tell you, he sure went fast, you know what? I don't know. I was thinking about that yesterday. He retired. He went off the Mississippi. He came back to the inside and said he was getting laid all over the place like crazy. And then all of a sudden, next thing you know he's dead. I think doing the gains was keeping him alive. I see. Rick we were 64 bills in for 50. More Howard David. Oh, look at that. Look what just happened there. I see that. Yes. 20 votes. 50. And I don't listen to games on radio. I got you so three on mindset. Oh, yeah, all of a sudden we got a feeding frenzy. I think most been to squalify 1057 at 560 WQA. And some are sober. No more barbecues, no more vacations. Kids are back in school. So no more excuses either. Time to lose weight and do it. The intelligent way. Just like the little George Seddley moments ago. Balance for life. That's the way to do it. You don't have to worry about eating all kinds of crap about frozen foods and french fries. Now they're the garbage we were talking about because they provide for you delicious food. That's got all kinds of great ingredients. And that's good for you at the same time. And they give you three delicious meals, three gourmées meals and two great snacks. Every day of your life it comes in little black sack. They deliver right to where you are. You can't be to convenience. You can't be to taste and you can't compete to speed in the ease with which you'll lose that disgusting the debilitating fat. That looks so grotesque and also is making you sick at the same time. So you're going to be full to the gullacas. There's plenty of food. You'll ever be feeling the pride and just like the beast who's lost almost 60 pounds already. We think I'm balanced for life. You can lose it real quick like. And I let you choose between two alternatives for each meal every day that's run to program those are the only choices you'll have to make. No counting calories. No counting carbohydrates. No worrying about what you're going to buy in the store because you won't be buying anything in the store. Your little black sack will provide all the goodies you'll need every single day. So if you want to lose weight the effective in the real way to do it. Balance for life will work for you. Just pick up the phone and call them today. Call 9-545-68-3229. 9-545-68-3229 or visit their website at balanceforlife.com. And look, this is for 3.05-640-828. Where are you? Fudge back? Are you sick and tired of being overweight? There, I want to lose that big bun. Just under thighs. Just turkey neck. Yes, arm flaps. Yes, love handles. Yes, double chin. Yes, and beer gut forever. Oh yes. Well, now you can. With no dieting, no pill pumping. And absolutely no exercising. Through simple hypnosis, the pounds will merely melt away. This revolutionary program designed by Fonda Big Al-Wunken will train your brain to believe you're a thin. Here's how it works. I put you under. I whispered my magic directly into your matool-ablin-gotta. Now, it's still the same faculty. Oh, it's was. You just don't think you is. Let me demo it for you. This here is Barbara. She is big. But after just one session with me, she thinks she's like 20 or something. Yeah, watch this. Hey, Barbara! What are you wearing to the beach today? My song, bikini. Oh. I mean, she's got to be like 340. But in a hand, she's one quelf. In reality, at some point, if we're here, it's waste. Still not convinced. All right, be steve. He weighs in at 6. 1, the A-steemo. I'm thinking a new trial. What's the waste size on him, bad boys? 34 big Al. Try and a zero to that fat boy. See, they just don't realize. They say the only thing that matters is that you feel good about yourself. So look, he's like a pig and it comes to me. I was pretty old. Voodoo, mummo, jummo with you, seller. And presto, you are a skinny man. This program has not been approved by the FDA and VA or an RA. It may not be suitable for anyone with an IQ over 40 testimonials. We'll give my actual program participants who believe they are thin. But they are not. It's 11.15, 60 WCW. Take a look at that pool, baby. You haven't been 28 votes. Salomon and history of our polls have we ever seen such a meteoric rise from mediocrity all the way down there at the ass end of the pool all the way up now close to the top. You notice that? Yep. I don't give a crap about that often. 90. Rick, we were 72. More Howard David 65. He's moving up like crazy a long time. Bill's in for 53. I'll also give a game's our video 40. I'll 320, I'll watch about 275 are real. Maybe. Hey, listen, we'll go with that number, okay? Can you just see him up there and focus? I'm not sure he's not done. Huh? Oh, here's another vote. Here's another one. I can't see that. He doesn't listen to the show anyway. Of course not. He doesn't listen to the show. He wouldn't be doing something as petty as that. I mean, certainly not on the evil and he's planning to come out and come and clean tomorrow morning on a show and admitting that he tried desperately to get you can and threaten to walk out if they didn't fire little spick ass. And of course about Carolyn and the Beast and the other people that he's, you know, forced off at that show. Now where do you get your information, by the way? Where do you get your information? So anyway. Train monkey. Miami airport screeners. Petrol passing your checkpoint screeners begin work today at Miami International Airport's Concourse A. As the government takes the major step to take an over security one of the nation's highest risk airports. The government is departing on any of the com courses in the National Curious such as British Airways or Grupo Taka. What? Grupo Taka Taka? I'm sorry. Well, in counter-tatter security from the 150 uniform transportation security administration screeners. Petrol security director Ed Guevara said. Don't get a lot more attention and people will communicate with them. More is to what the screeners would like them to do he said. What will be different is a higher level of professionalism and a higher level of security and customer service. For example, screeners will ask passengers to move their shoes, allow a wand to be passed over their body or open their bags to be searched. They will be dressed in white shirts with gold TSA badges, blue pants and black shoes. As its next move, the TSA pens to be configured the checkpoints at MIA's concourses to conform the template first used at Baltimore Washington International Airport adjusted for MIA space constraints. Constructing his pending, they county permits at Mark Ferrari, the Airports Assistant Aviation Director for Security. The same reconfiguration is expected at Fort Lauderdale Hollywood International Airport. The TSA's passenger screeners in Miami International joined 93 baggage screeners who started their job last Tuesday, operating 8.9 min. Many pan-sized explosive detection machines previously handled by private contractors. About 400 passenger screeners have been hired TSA spokesman David Stigman said. Other concourses will convert to TSA employees of the next several weeks. In total, 1150 passenger baggage screeners will be needed at MIA, nearly three weeks ago, 140 passenger screeners began operating at two of Fort Lauderdale's terminals. A total of 600 of these 6775 screener needed for Fort Lauderdale been hired, but no date has been set to deploy baggage screeners there, they said. And it goes on and on and on and on has the volume pony show continues. And every time CBS, a lot of the other news organizations does one of those checks, they fight out. Well, we'll see. The news ain't been good. We're looking at most up to 68 votes. Oh! He's doing it. There's an article from the Scotsman. Don't we love the Scottish? Sure. Would their golf and their kills? Silly sock as stockings? Iran starts to see benefit of deal with the devil. In public, the Islamic Republic of Iran is scald at the United States, a parent plans to overthrow the Iraqi President, Sada Musaim. However, a delegation of Iraqi Kurds who traveled to Iran over the past couple of weeks found that even Iran's most traditionally anti-US institutions have accepted and exceeded the possibility of a regime change in Baghdad. Indeed, they appeared to relish the prospect of an end-toothed Sada, who initiated a devastating eight-year war with the Rhinah 1980. The Iranians have some concerns about the post-Sada, Iraq, what kind of Iraq there would be, and illegal they were moving a sovereign regime said host Yers of Ari, a top-level Kurdish official. His delegation held meetings last week with the powerful former President, Hashimi Rhapson Johnny, as well as the head of Iran's Al-Pr-Concerb of Revolutionary Guards and the ministers of Defense and Intelligence. But deep down, they really want to change a regime in Iraq. They want to see the back of Sada Musaim, Mr. Zavari said. They want to see his backside. U.S. troop deployments in President George Bush's vast replace President Sada Musaim's government have placed a region on edge. Governments in political groups in the region been in a flurry of diplomatic haggle and military planning, and Northern Iraq, a semi-autonomous U.S. and U.N. protected area, fears of war and instability loom especially large. The mountain-top town of Sala Hutin, just north of the major city of Ibril, is where Musud Arzani's Kurdistan and Democratic Party, one of the two major groups governing Iraqi Kurdistan has been busy preparing for an October 4th Parliamentary meeting in rest of the implications of a post-Sada Musaim Iraq. The Kurds were once fierce guerrillas, but they've lately laid down their arms put on suits and ties, and engaged in politics to ease the neighbors' fears about a new Iraqi government. Relations between Turkey and the two Kurdish political camps governing northern Iraq nearly collapsed after two members of the anti-government publicly suggested, annexing this part of Iraq. Mr. Zabar says he's heading to Turkey next to return to Kuhli atmosphere and toned down the media threats. Iraq and the U.S. cut ties following the 19th rather Iran and the U.S. cut ties following the 79 Cs. of the U.S. embassy in Tehran, but the clerical regime of Iran is also no friend of the Baghdad government which used chemical weapons against its soldiers at the end of that long-worned 80s. Iraq quietly set out the 91 U.S. led campaign to push Iraq out of Kuwait. They said, well-waith. Kuwait. And speaking of the coming war and it's come with you like it or not. Iraq worked or cost up to $9 billion a month. Fighting a war with Iraq across the United States between $6 and $9 billion a month was preparing for a conflict of winding on after that another 14 to 20 billion of the total congressional budget analysts said yesterday. The congressional budget office report comes as U.S. lawmakers debate President Bush's recent request for authority to use force of necessary to disarm Iraq and topple good old sottam. In the latest in the series of war costs estimate some ranging as high as $2 billion which have garnered attention on capital hill and lot of growing U.S. budget woes. The CBO said it could not assess how long any U.S. military action against Iraq would last and warned that any attempt to estimate its cost was there for highly uncertain. But it said deploying U.S. forces to the Gulf region would likely cause between $9 and $13 billion and bringing them to the Atlantic inclusion of hostilities would have another $5 to $7 billion. Fighting a war would cause $6 to $9 billion a month by mining a possible occupation to Iraq afterward would cost between $1 and $4 billion a month. Estimates of the total cost of military conflict with Iraq in such a conflict's aftermath are highly uncertain CBO direct to day in crimson caution in letter U.S. lawmakers. They depend on many factors that are unknown at this time. He said including the size of the actual force that's deployed, the strategy to be used that are raised in the conflict. The number of casualties the equipment lost in the need for a constructive arrest infrastructure we added. Top post economic adviser Larry Lensley recently estimated what was a macro cost 100 to $200 billion but White House budget to recommend standals later stepped in the label at figure was likely very very high. In fact, he was very very high when he said it. Somebody's very high up there and no question about that were down there. Can BOTY? No. Can BOTY. Can BOTY a professor broadcast journalist Minorth Western was moderator of PBS Washington Week and Review from 1994 and 1999. You recognize me? He's got glasses. Can BOTY? Oh yeah. He writes in the LA Times today CNN has anything is anything but Mickey Mouse. And while I'm not going to play that bit, Ted Turner has to save the network from being swallowed by Disney says, let's not very delete. It's time for Ted Turner to take some of the $2 billion that the money magazine say as he has and buy back CNN and Dowd had it run as the all-new channel was conceived to be. CNN is once again being shocked around in previous iterations that was a prospective merger with CBS news or take over by NBC this time that rumors that AOL time Warner will spin off CNN and allow it to be absorbed by a Walt Disney company and merged with ABC news the stepchild news division owned by Disney. When Turner initially agreed to sell CNN at the time Warner Times Chief Executive Gerald of Incold CNN the jewel in the crown, it turned out that Levin didn't know what he was buying. All he knew was that CNN had worldwide reach that it was the network every US newsroom to undo that it was the one Boris Yeltsom kept on in his office to Del Castro on in his kitchen and Saddam Hussein and his bunkers. When President Clinton fired cruise missiles at Baghdad, in response to Raksit tent was assassinated President Bush 1, the White House had to call CNN President Tom Johnson to ask what had been hit. For working reporters in both companies the Times CNN merges seemed to promise a natural symbiosis to strong news organizations with worldwide reach, one television one print was a merger that appeared to add value to both, then the culture clash said in. A team of Times executives paid a visit to CNN's Washington Bureau of S.M.N. News Act was in, they found veteran correspondent Bruce Morton in his office in the Joshing began. When one of the blue suits from Times mentioned that they couldn't wait for the day when only had to write 150 words Morton replied and at CNN we can't wait for the day that we have to do it only once a week. On the Times side, once the being counter is an executive's began to understand the vicissitudes of cable TV, oh I love that word. To the vicissitudes of cable TV and the competitiveness of the rating cycle, the Joshing soon turns sour. One executive complained that Times sends out more Christmas cards than CNN had viewers. On the CNN side, there was a feeling that the new owners had no appreciation for what they did, which was cover real news worldwide. Unless cost in any place else in television, the culture clash morphed into a form of tissue rejection. Driving to work one day, I heard the news that AOL had bought Time Warner to desemperare have it back where I thought, Time must have bought AOL. Even at a time of the stratospheric rise of the dot coms, was it fatnable that an internet startup could purchase a worldwide publishing conglomerate like Time Warner, but it was true. It was true, and CNN was a small part of the deal. I'll be at advertised once again as a priceless part of the package. Now like the rest of the NASDAQ overachievers, AOL stock is tanking, and the geniuses are looking to unload CNN. If they've planted the planned emergency in a with ABC News goes through, CNN will become a tiny slice of the enormous Disney pie. Disney is one of those enterprises with a huge CEO of salary and alien market prospects. Last time Disney shares prices plummeted, coming executive's travel to Washington to explain the ABC News Bureau, while would have to sacrifice job to the corporate bottom line. Next time, it could be CNN produces and corresponds and whose jobs are on the line. The core of value of CNN is not to duplicate it anywhere else in television news, it's to the network that world turns to when there's real news to cover especially for news. ABC and BC and CBS already have responded to budget constraints by closing down foreign bureaus. If there's a major labor administration in Paris, all the footage of those networks looks to the same, because they all buy from independent contractors in Europe. CNN has his news cruising correspondence on the ground reporting from 31 bureaus around the world. Tom Brokaw, Peter Jennings, and Dan Rather, could gather for a quiet breakfast and a coffee shop at the Baghdad, Hilton, and no one would notice if they were joined by Christian Amon Pour, there would be a hundred autographed series in five minutes that bitch. If ABC News and CNN are emerge, it'll be a major step to that great Nirvana, which we seem to be hitting when all television news looks the same. Competition used to be considered a healthy thing in journalism, but with this deal, there would be less of it. Is not what I said yet that anyone at Surek came out? Yes, you did. Business accountants were quickly fine-cost savings by closing competitive CNN ABC bureau's invasion, London, Moscow, perhaps even Washington, Ted Coppola and Nightline would fight a new home at CNN. When Disney stock slides again, the rest of CNN's overseas bureau's and beyond the chopping block, and the entertainment-based corporate culture of Disney news has no special value except when it contributes to the bottom line. Where are you, Ted Turner? CNN is the most important of the many things you created by it back, then if President Bush decides to blow up the Baghdad Hilton, at least your old network, will still be around to cover the war. Right, Ken Boatty, and the LA Times today. They're really good, man. That's just like five companies buy up everybody on TV station. They've got the news paper. I think the news is going to be on the screen. Then we'll read you know what it's all about. Then we'll get the truth. How is mode when Erzie? Oh, look at that. He's already in first place in Zuman, on up. So what do we say about 70 phone evotes? At least. 113, and 560, WQM, Tom Lamin, loves the people listening to show so much that's why he created the Neil Deal at Halle. Save big dollars in all Pontiac and GMC's in stock. Just mention you heard me talking about here on the Neil Rogers show. Stop by Halle, Pontiac, GMC, 134, 1, 6, you highway. That's US1 across from the falls where a Bob Eisenberg continues to fail miserably, and where every vehicle is marked with a lowest price. Nice to the Neil Rogers deal and save even more. Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs, including the on-boy voted by Motor Trends as SUV of the year, and the all new Vibes SUV. It's got the power of a sports car. And Hell's also got a dependable great selection of pre-owned cars, trucks, and SUVs. I think that Bob Eisenberg and Todd Drec and the Skippy all went to the same school. Do you know what I'm talking about? No. Pathetic. And if you've been turned off or credited by some other auto dealer any place else, you have no fear because Hell at is here. There'll be no problem. They'll cut you deal. Even if they never see you again. Get a Neil Rogers deal with Halle, Pontiac GMC 134, 1, 6, you highway. That's US1, right across from the falls open every day of your life seven days a week. For more info call 305, 23840, 305, 23840, when you talk to Tom Lime and ask him, what is that animal that died in Bob's head? Halle, Pontiac GMC, we are professional great. Lime and local, this is 560. The radio's on your cell. You ain't here. Aye. Aye, sir. Mr. Mouse. What the hell are you doing to me? What do you mean, sir? Why am I reading in the paper? You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn? Well, sir, we're just scouting locations. Jesus, I'm scouting CEOs. You are killing me. But sir, we've done it with New York City Times Square. Point out. I can see. Hey, Ron. Creamous. Chase all the 고양icles incavator, Remas. Get that blue bird on at here. OK, Boss. It knives the putster. Look what we don't admit down Manhattan. Forty-second simultaneously. Incredible. It's a lot, publicly. I supported that. But you took all the pouring away. You killed me. I'm going through Gal dif situation like kids. We're just scouting areas calm down. What will we bulk money. Don't tell me to calm down. We've got lucky with the low instit. $128 million dollars. Now you're trying to ruin the whole network. We're kind of programming on you running Hang on a minute Remus Yes, I'm over crap all over your shoulder It's playing yourself up for heaven sake And can't open up you God, sir the network is fine. I couldn't you come up with America. I don't good God. You're still running James Bob moving there 60 years old. Why don't you just put steam but will we on it be done with it? We saw it make a couple of damn dollars. Well the movie division fine. You mentioned we were when stitching now We have the new M. Night Chum on we'll be coming out later this summer Oh, signs what the hell does that mean stop sign yield sign you guys back swing in some of these titles pass me please Remus Remus Hit him I know you can't hear me You're still running a bucket Here's a lot more to run Hey, you're going to hear Remus and take that blue person All right, yes sir. I'd be very careful the next time I started my car. Why were you? What do you mean? I'm about done when he what? I've done what sir. I'll put hand of storm in your job. But sir. You're terrible. I'm sorry. They're hot point limits in there I'd like to be president of Disney Remus Oh my what a wonderful day Get out of here. You're not back. I love it. I did it. I'm just going to play out the rest of the show All right. My oh my what a wonderful day. It's 11 19 get that blue bird crap off your shoulder remis See the young were personapres. They don't know what that's all about Do they sure they keep repeating it? Everybody grows up with that. I see This is from what is this from? Oh bush watch Bush is foreign policy manifesto. Kill him all. Let's god sort of out Ha ha ha ha ha According to Bush in his GOP war party foreign policy manifesto released last Friday Just in time for the Saturday morning news blackout as the country we should shoot first and ask questions later Morality we don't need those think in morality just got a soft and morality up a bit to fit today's exigencies right? This from the guy who promised that if elected he'd bring ethics and morality back to Washington Right all it takes for Bush actually is to redefine words bigger words than is One imminent threats imminent no longer means doing when the enemy will strike or even what the enemy will do Imminent now means that the acquisition of weapons and mass destruction bar enemies must be stopped by unilateral American military action of necessary because these weapons inherently pose an imminent threat the manifesto stipulates the purpose of actions Will always be to eliminate a specific threat to the United States of our allies and friends The reasons for our actions will be clear the force measured and the cause just but this is linguistic trickery Instead of specifying the threats against which you'll attack rampantly You assert vaguely that those threats will be specific instead of giving clear reasons you assert that your reasons will be clear Instead of quantifying the force you'll use you say you're force will be properly measured You leave the rules vague so that in practice by filling in the blanks later you get to make up the rules as you go along rights William Salaton Two self defense The manifesto says the United States will focus on defending the US the American people and are interested home on a broad by identifying and destroying the threat before it reaches our borders To justify unilateral action against such threats and document frames this policy is part of our right to self defense But this stretches the meaning of both self and defense Don't American interest abroad under Bush's definition include Israel security if our borders don't define the self or committed to defend and for the violation of those borders Doesn't define the difference between offensive and effects defensive action in our part what does as Salaton three interest in values According to the manifesto the West National Security strategy will be based on a distinctly American internationalism That reflects the union of our values in our national interests But the only thing distinctly American about this proposition is its pretense that our interest in values are identical nations choose their interest over their values all the time They go easy on dictators to protect profitable commerce They prop up friendly but repressive governments the United States under Bush's much different our new moral compromise that were putting stability and order before reform The manifesto gives familiar lip service to the importance of Russian and Chinese reform But the whole part of the new doctrine is that reform is no longer primary fighting terrorism is he rights For multilateralism the manifesto makes a show of embracing the United Nations and other international institutions It pledges America will implement its strategies by organizing coalitions as broad as practical of states able and willing to promote a balance of power that favors freedom But what does this mean if you are willing to engage in military action that in the view of the West favor is freedom you're inclusion in the coalition isn't practical This is unilateralism dressed up as multilateralism we're happy to work with you as long as you do it our way Salat notes And five the point of you made about Bush's view of the world is that he can promise a morality that he doesn't plan to deliver Lye about his amoral approach to foreign policy have his lies reported as proof I'm off to the media Gain the support of about 60% of the American people on the basis of distorting propaganda and uses version of the law and police squads to keep the remaining 40% in line Preferably in compounds far from the action away from the eyes of the media while he loads his audiences with GOP war party followers See now the evening news as participants that are open and freedomocracy Salat and concludes the new world is one rationalized by Bush's manifesto a world in which great powers wink at each other's misconduct Every threat is imminent self defense means preemptive action abroad interest aren't dressed up as values and cooperation means cooperating with the US We don't know what history will judge harshly about this era, but there's a good chance it'll be the compromises we embrace directivide the mistakes of September 11 Wow Jürim of a message lies in silence over stem cells. This is in today's LA Times James Pinkard in the rights for news day Millik and Dracky sits in a wheelchair unable to care for herself unable to communicate her devoted husband Morton a couple will celebrate the 30 fifth wedding anniversary next week Can only hope she understands and when he tells her he loves her Morton contractive courses one of the best known journalist in Washington, but he's much proud of his role in combating Parkinson's disease which has afflicted his wife since 1987. Over the last decade he's become deeply involved in efforts to energize Parkinson's research and medical inquiry overall I am an advocacy sister mate that advocacy has been successful and needed to go further Rolling over President Bush on the issue of stem cell research Last year, Condracky published saving Millie love politics in Parkinson's disease In it Millie emerges as a tragic symbol a symbol to galvanize support for the next round of research which can track in most other experts believe or require the expanded use of embryonic stem cell tissue and so the political battle is joined although it won't be much to a fight embryonic stem cells are derived from fetal tissue typically from a five-day world bladder cell Abladosus they come from perhaps a hundred cells about the size of the Appurated the end of this sentence At such an early stage of development embryonic stem cells can be converted to any other kind of human cell and thus can be used to treat a variety of elements including diabetes, Alzheimer's and Huntington as well as potentially spinal cord injuries. Now, one of so many high-profile victims of disease natsins including Michael DeFox Mohammed Ali and Christopher Reeve have made common cause on the stem cell issue Put bluntly in political terms it's a battle between glamorous celebrities in a dwindling band of religiously oriented conservatives Wonderful Middle Eastern theory is Bush On August 9, 2001 Bush went on national TV to offer compromise although no additional stem cell lines could be federally funded research could continue on existing lines further discussion of the issue was blanked out by 9-11 but it now cresting again. On September 22, California Governor Gray Davis signed legislation permitting stem cell research in the Golden State three days later a parade of experts testified before the US Senate about the billeturious effect of the Bush restrictions on medical progress That same night Nancy Reagan appeared on 60 minutes too to talk about the impact of Alzheimer's on her husband followed up by an authorized leaked of the New York Times in which he lamented that a lot of time is being wasted because of Bush's scriptures a lot of people could be helped or not being helped she added that was Nancy Reagan and what is Bush have to say in response not much he assembled a commission which contract he dismissed as stacked to the right in fact the commission was a model of fairness and balance which might explain why it barely agreed with the Bush position endorsing a four-year moratorium on stem cell research by 10 to seven vote still contract he is correct when he says that this final report will have no effect at all in stopping continuing research. Meanwhile the president has an address to issue with all since April Bush's busy on other issues of course and that's the point a president can only fight so many wars mean while science marches on defined politics on January 16 the MD Anderson Cancer Center the University of Texas announced that it launched the first clinical trial to Miffet First Stone as a cancer treatment. Is that how you say it? I don't know. Miffet First Stone is better known as are you 486 why like that better the morning after pill that's been opposed by the last three Republican presidents it's interesting that the chairman of the board of visitors in MD Anderson is one of those Republican presidents George Herbert Walker Bush from all this quietly looking the other way it seems obvious that neither Bush war is much about the faith of the president of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state-of the state of the state of the state of the state's state of state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state, the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of different kinds of pizza every kind of pasta that you've ever had in your life chicken dishes and veal and calzones and super subs and they're not doing delivery for a few days he said do they didn't Jeff say that he said that he called by the way I'd want him on the air is he on now no he called me well the most so what did he say that if you wanted he left the number the new of the new pizza locked in he said that if you wanted to uh to put him on the air you can give him a call now no put him on the air for you now we don't want to do that we just put him on the air today yep look it's not that Jeff Cohen show we're doing our best we give a lot of people who wanted to do great there I mentioned the location 5000 times but let's not get carried away Jeff okay because it's like one step away from doing a hockey show okay put you on a year you know you're good girl although at least he does the sex talk you know yeah which is more exciting than uh time Sherry and Ron McLean hey what's going on what are we going to do about Ron McLean so anyway pizza locked over there in university drive is still going strong if you in that neck of the woods between Griffin and the 595 in Davy hey guess what isn't Davy Steve am I understand he's got a hell of a deal for you but anyway pizza locked over there they got to take out delivery they cater any a furry maybe heaven 9 5 4 9 1 6 80 80 is their number they got tons of re-parking and you'll find a right-be-on-per-win-import but let me say to get the brand new pizza locked is open right this moment as I speak lunch dinner late night snacks the food is fresh it's delicious everything made your order no soggy mushy spaghetti at this pizza locked so give it a try real soon and delivery coming almost any day from new pizza locked in plantation oh no I can't believe I just did that you know what I just did no I don't want to tell you what you wouldn't believe what I just did anyway come on let's go let's go we only have four hours here that's what the an iced me today oh don't mention it's Goldie you're not gonna get great to get today are you moutin you know why why is that no cause rapes not funny but I ain't gonna be a mean man no more if they think that's funny that's fine by me wow you really changed your way I forget about it I'm turn over all no thing Newton Lee you have a nice day of paradise my cutley friend they move look out for our truck yeah I wasn't even told the four type represented my shoes I'm getting one thing for a dead guy, he's shooting a lot of phone evo I mean a lot of votes in our poll today 150 moving in the first place with 80 of phone evoats so he's got what is that leave 35 at least 80 phone evoats who was your favorite as matter fact I think we ought to instruct Eric just to take his name off of there or it'll be more fun more fun to just leave it yeah just leave it maybe we can get to a million by the marmorning let's get him a million votes come on mo keep punching that thing baby come on to it again add a boy man 440 votes on air and would be biggest crank to turn out I think we've had in recent memory on our poll he was like languishing in last place with about what was about 7% right so if you figure we have like 350 real votes 10% will be 30 yeah like about the 40 votes I would say would be right which means 75 phone he ones but the changing again the new total is coming on air more how in 117 I don't give a crap about that often's 110 Rick we were 89 bills in verse 72 I don't listen to the games on radio 59 out of 447 votes which I would say like 250 at least are for real the mother of this is in last crucial to Mexico the mother of that 10 year old girl her beta 4 year old brother to death on the instructions of their stepfather was arrested for watching television during the incident official said on Saturday what show Natasha Guerrero the children's mother was arrested on charges of probably opera of negligently permitting child abuse resulting in the death of her son 4 year old Devon Booth said lost cruces police spokesman Mark Nunley Devon's 10 year old sister kicked punch and hit him allegedly in the instructions of their stepfather Louis Guerrero 38 Viner the boy was being punished for bedwedding and on its an omercico for bedwedding and drinking from the toilet and was beaten late on September 21st and died at the end of the next morning he died in Albuquerque hospital on Monday meaning a week ago yesterday the complaints of the stepfather instructed the 10 year old sister to punish Devon while the mother watched TV in another room now let's see if it happened on the 21st there would have been like what they had to week with that have been Saturday we go to work the calendar you tore up the freaking calendar well if it's one of the year was huh yes Saturday on a Saturday well so what show she could you but hey I have no ideas which shows are on on Saturday probably he got there if he was a being a goodman Saturday you got him I'd have been to show they were watching and then she was busy in the other room the complaints had the stepfather instructed the 10 year old sister to punish Devon while the mother watched TV in another room he was arrested early in the week and charges a child abuse was all the same day after they're being redundant that's story but nevertheless by the way was she watching TV in another room from the Dallas news presbyterian panel concludes late HP minister molested girls highland park national presbyterian officials have uncovered broader allegations of sex abuse by missionaries while concluding that a late minister had a prominent highland park church molested at least 2,000 girls in women mostly in Africa in his 40 year career the nomination confirmed longstanding accusations against the Reverend built prude not bill he would build prude as part of an unprecedented 18 month investigation that doubled the number of mr. prudes known victims a report to be released later today called for the parent church to make significant policy changes and it prevented clergy abuse and recommended further inquiries well this could be in Dallas where they had that dog and pony show credit yes oh i'm sorry but this is in the Catholic this is uh is it perpetuated material in this white with girls i see bad luck bandit may have shot himself and was hit by a van Miami FBI says north Miami Beach a bank robbery of shot himself as he put his gun away then was struck by a van and he hit and run as he fled with his bag of cash the FBI said yesterday this is in the sun sent me the man need to help getting out from under the van and hopped into a getaway car with a woman driver in a skate said FBI spokeswoman Judy or well on no one else was injured so i guess his bad luck uh didn't you know go on forever the suspect who was not been identified went up to a telety watch over your bank at 801 northeast eight street in north Miami Beach around 10 30 a.m. and pulled out a semi automatic pistol he handed a bag to the teletor to fill up with under the slope amount of cash when she was finished he took the bag was putting his gun back when it was pocket went in fire agents didn't know if he was injured no blood was found in a bank well i guess if there was no blood find he probably wasn't injured when you think i would think the man ran outside was crossing the street while a white van hit him someone helped him out from under the van then drove off late Monday afternoon the FBI said i identified the van driver the van was a hit and run she said so what happens to the van driver the hit the getaway guy they get a metal a woman waiting in a red mitzobishi mirage picked up the robber in the periscape so what's this about bad luck hey i've get a couple little you know minor contacts along the way but he got out naming names or not from the white house note book and today's Washington post osama's been languishing my bunch of college echo will put him on after the break okay seriously because i want to ask him how the opening way is to implantation since i have such great interest in that you know i've invested interest in that part of my hood osama's been languishing seven months without a mention in a presidential speech when alcat is leader eluded camp for an Afghanistan president bush gradually reduced his prominence in speeches to the emphasizes individual importance now what's at him who's saying the villain of the hour and the nine eleven mastermind's coordinates still unknown osama yamama bin Laden is full and entirely from bush's lexicon a search of the white house website indicates bush is not made in unprompting mention of bin Laden's name since March 8 that day at a geo-peagathering in florida the president's spoke of this been ladden fellow and vod were gonna find him oh god oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh this been ladden fellow and vod were gonna find him the last time bush spoke to hated name in any public form was a July 8 press conference in which he specifically was asked if he'd find bin Laden lately bush is avoided mention the evil ones name even when asked about him directly at a cabinet meeting last week when a reporter asked bush about albor's charge that Iraq was deflecking attention from the failure to get bin Laden bush reply that sottam is a true threat to america maybe he meant sottam is a true threat that this is quite a ship for the months after the terrorist attack when bin Laden was treated daily mentions by bush and colorful phrases such as what did they were live but now would been ladden status unknown in hooking his name only reminds americans of the faded wiper hinden the president silence on bin Laden has served a strategic purpose last year nearly two thirds of americans had the war on terrorism could not be called a success without bin Laden death or capture that number fell to forty four percent in march wash in may be see uh... wash in post ABC news pool and the question has been dropped GOP post ran wordsmith frank lunch and mentioning the chief evil doer casualties of questions that nobody can answer because the government doesn't know if he's still alive we're trying to declare a certain moral certainty a certain moral certainty lunch said the effort is to remove all gray areas in the sense of gray area the removal of grayers from bush's rhetoric off the observers in nine eleven has been qualified this dissected and broken down into statistical equations with Greek variables a new study by the state university of New York at buffalo school of management and lies seventy four of bush's major speeches and radio addresses from before and after the uh... terrorist rights to determine differences in language the researchers led by professor james mind will found that bush's feature would pass year have contained more active words signaling aggression such as overcome this man or prevent or accomplishment words such as leadership and strengthen and fuel words conveying a conveying passivity allow refrainants of mid-orambivalence on echoes on a great length it's got uh... i didn't know he knew that many words the researchers found that all these patterns indicated bush's rhetoric has become more charismatic since the terrorist attacks one possibility is that bush is reading more charismatic they wrote alternatively is possible his charismatic personality laid dormant on realising till was finally unleashed by the tragic events of nine eleven still another possibility is that bush's merely responding to needs of the american people who in a time of crisis see got more charismatic talk is that a newly charismatic bush you just have a word you did usage speech writing director michael gerson declined to discuss it they didn't stand those words were not a little vocabulary nineteen tenon at five sixty w q m we got the mad dog coming up a one o clock from musulist take to tank with a full-four for our show today man right that down three to seven with rock conrad between five and six shivers that we go talk at hardball with a crow at seven oh god and then we got the uh... playoffs angels in the accuses seventeen etiquette baseball and joe and mark overnight if you love your home but you're a friday because you need more space to do something what do you do about that do what hundreds of other people be doing cost rickley additions whether you're having a baby need another room if you're converting a carport or patty when living space if you wanted a business for yourself a lot of make a home office cost strictly additions and you'll be amazed at these dependest work they do for you there you're one stop shop your more space for your place place with an absolutely worry free approach to a spitting or living space those no shows by the contract is will never happen when you call strictly additions in complete work no way hoesay no unexpected bills no worries about the job not getting done right and they take care every single last tail they drop your blueprint they get the building permits handle all the inspections for you strictly additions got that easy five step approach to total customer satisfaction first they call the schedule of free project evaluation to put them at your home where project estimator will determine the scope of your addition secondly this schedule of bit of home in their convenience your homework at a detailed proposal and an exact price for the work third select your finishing touches go to contract fourth review of the design architectural drawings and fifth sit back with a smile on your push and relaxes your dream edition moves ahead on schedule with unbeatable quality so gift for the additions are called today at nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred that's nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred the license they were injured professionals who do ways to pennies job and they serve all a broad and south Palm Beach County check out their any other pages are called them today nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred me sure tell them Neil and PD Lane who did it call strictly additions just sports when you're five six you way yeah you get a lot of it all right the Rogers on sports hold radio W yeah or any we have mercilessly taken a following material out of context without endorsement or permission for those depicted is our ongoing mission to make everything that is good and decent look as ridiculous as possible we hope we reach that goal or at least major lot friends and distinguished guest simply put president Bush can read only at the most basic level I'm working with the variety of organizations to achieve president Bush's great goal learn basic vocabulary words education is a top priority for president Bush and opportunity him with the children's dictionary I'm proud that my husband just yesterday he said kindergarten because education brings opportunity our public schools are open to every child in America and president Bush thank you for your help and you welcome it's so I'm 46 at five sixty QM we're gonna Jeff Cohen is on a phone just like clockwork morning Neil how you doing today looking for more free publicity I'm doing good I need the publicity dude is why is that? uh like you said he can't say it we did pretty well though yeah yeah well the people come and mention in your name which is cool there you go there we go log greens ordered did they yes they did did marsie come by for a free lunch no she didn't but she's welcome to I guess she's waiting for you to come back people over here actually to pick stuff up excellent so yeah pretty exciting place looks great they went good we're uh tweaking our computers still technical state here overnight they worked like 20 hours straight together which is cool and you know foods coming out the exact same we have the same cooks and servers that's going good it's just a matter of uh somebody gonna start with when you're gonna start delivering either the end of this week or on Monday I want to make sure that everything's going smooth and the kitchen and I'm afraid that on Friday night if we're super super busy I want to make sure it goes smooth for our dining room and the people that come here now I you know I drove by there when I was home I saw a saw the joint and the place too but I you know it's hard to tell how big it is inside how compared to the other one how big is it the other one has a hundred and seventy seats this one has a hundred and fifty seats the other one's forty five hundred square feet this one's four thousand square feet oh it's pretty good so it's a pretty good size and excellent and the enal uh pad the uh pencil tin enal five writers still going straight how time for that unfortunately I see you know tell me another good one I forgot what a girl looks like uh huh so you know that's one of the soccer faces you make it that was easy everybody would do it right well George will bring your for picture out to keep you going okay thanks if you've got that bad on Monday yesterday have a okay looking forward to seeing you thanks hope it's come home soon okay okay I will go to the options see you I think you had the your thumb on under something wasn't me anyway so in forty eight and five six you that's Jeff Cohen from the brand new pizza loft in plantation corner of Hill and sunrise right behind wall greens you can't see it from the street he's up against the odds there I'll tell you that you know I mean yeah so it's all going to depend on you guys all our broad shoulders up here that to make that man another couple of men in swing by himself another six hundred thousand dollar house now these two articles you just passed me I need this to say to have time to read you the one of them okay but I mean what I got all this other good stuff for example Andy of Mabri Morpsey into Robo Cop I got that uh huh you're like that okay the I right little secret article is very good okay Nicholas Chris off of our favorite writers in New York Times your actual little secret bag dad the White House is right that Iraq is by for the most repressive country the entire Middle East but that's only true if you're a man to see how many Europe countries are in some ways even more repressive to women consider how an invasion might play out if American ground troops are allowed to stir across the desert from Saudi Arabia into Iraq then American service women will theoretically not be able to drive vehicles as long as they're in Saudi Arabia and will be advised to wear an abaya over their heads as soon as they cross the border into enemy Iraq they'll feel as if they're entering the free world they can legally drive on cover their heads and call even call men idiots Iraqi women routinely boss men and servant non combat positions in the army indeed if Iraq attacks us with smallpox we'll have a woman to thank Dr. Rehab Rashida Tahad the head of Iraq's biological warfare program who's also known to weapons instructors as instructors as Dr. Jerm a man can stop a woman on the street and bag that nest for directions without causing a scandal many women can pray at the mosque together go to restaurants together swim together court together were called together girls compete in after school sports almost as often as boys and Iraqi TV broadcast women sports as well as men's no one thinks that sports are just for men said in the ayastur the captain of the Iraqi National Women soccer team it's true that my mother was a bit concerned at first when I took up soccer by insistent so she accepted it and just started praying for me the point is not to be soft and sadum who's saying whose rash wars and policies have killed hundreds of thousands of women as well as men Iraqi women will be much better off with sadum gone in any case the relative equality women in Iraq has little to do with his leadership Iraq has been civilized more than twice as long as Britain after all it was old when Babylon arose and Iraq had its first woman doctor back in 1922 then the Iran Iraq war boasted equality by sending men to the front lines and forth women to fill in his factory workers bus drivers and government officials still we shouldn't demonize all of Iraq just as its demon over ruler and which worth podring this contrast between an enemy that empowers women and allies that repress them this captured chemists all as well as these allies reminding us to use our political capital to nudge Arab countries to respect the human rights not just of Kurds or Shiites but also of women more broadly in a region where women are treated as door mats Iraq offers an example of how an Arab country can adhere to Islam and yet provide women with opportunities I look at women in Saudi Arabia and I feel sorry for them said to offer Rooka young woman doctor in Bosra they can't learn they can improve themselves at the Bosra maternity and pediatric teaching hospital 25 of the 26 students in OBGYN are women across town 54 percent of body university students are female Iraqi women who work typically get six months maternity leave it full pay and another six months in half pay subsidized daycare is usually available at the workplace female circumcision still common in American allies like Egypt and Igreja is absent in Iraq to be sure aside from brutal political repression that is gender blind Iraqi women also endure groping on crowded buses and an occasional honor killing which a man kills the daughter or sister for being unchased honor killing typically result in the six month prison sentence in Iraq they sometimes go completely unpunished in other countries a glance around any Baghdad street also demonstrates that Iraq doesn't have hangups about the female body that neighboring countries do a man can travel widely in the Arab world and know about women's legs only by hearsay the careful reporting in Iraq confirms that Arab women do have knees in fact that I saw women volleyball pairs who felt uninhibited enough to roll up their sweats so as we invade Iraq for its barbaric and repressive ways our allies in the Muslim world should feed deep feel deeply embarrassed that a rogue state offers women more quality than they do very good article by Nick Christoff in the times today and you know something I think maybe what we ought to do is pull like a little a fast one on the Saudis yeah little fake fake oh guess what guess what surprise we're attacking Iraq or blowing your ass off the map surprise because that's really that's the heart that's the word avoidin lies that's the heart and soul and that's where this evil evil doors conspire for fun and profit for oil and dollars but nevertheless Jimmy Brezel writes a newsday city set up for slaughter he says I'm walking in a silent city they're supposed to be noise that doesn't stop but there is now none now we are here in New York the only place the world that terrorists want to blow up they'll take Washington as a second choice but New York is the prize the place Arabs will die for New York is a place filled with Jews and blacks and eyelers and the government in Washington doesn't care for any of them or what happens to them and nobody says anything about it anywhere so yesterday New York sat in silence and here with the government in Washington out actively promoting our chances to get blown up all through this world-pred center turmoil I wondered why the Bush administration was so openly frightened of questions about why nobody knew the trade center bombing was coming or did they know enough about it and simply say it's New York we'll see what others we'll see what it's about when we get a chance let's not get into a turmoil this is about New York who cares then our hours New York doesn't vote right talk right eat right worship right do anything right the rest of us do why the city doesn't even have a college football team worth mentioning the whole state hardly has one they got no men in a whole state look here in Texas we've got seven old big championship teams right in front of you it's too easy to say that only some loud urban karate talks about Jews the way this right wing congressman army from Texas did just the other day it wasn't enough uncompaired to what he is and people actually say call me I'll recite to the last accent you don't need me writing or talking tell you what they say about those of color the song singing bush people want to thrill of the first day invasion notices an Iraq without ever having to care about the catastrophe in New York that is sure to follow if not today tomorrow if not tomorrow then in time to get here they don't need some huge device a body bomb on fifth avenue is all they need that body bomb and all here there's on the streets after it and the disease tossed into the subway's the administrations were requires hundreds of thousands of soldiers enough planes to darken the skies bombs a stick is rain billions and armaments to give this a back and who's saying the beating that push in his people feel they must give Washington is sure that can do anything it wants in the Middle East because the only place that'll be hurt over here is New York and New York doesn't count here are the choices for an Arab where they're going to die with a body bomb wakeo Texas or Rockefeller center pass google Mississippi or the port authority bus terminal Birmingham Alabama or time square they crouch in the dirt and Cairo and some of them know New York's read addresses they don't even know these low IQ states exist I still remember standing in the crowd on Broadway for the parade celebrating the great victory over rack in 1991 and remember thinking we'll do something back to us that was hardly an original thought what was it two years later just a couple bucks over on west read a huge bomb went off in the garage under the World Trade Center the Arabs who did it said they were nearly trapped in the garage with a bomb on a truck stalled in front of their getaway car they said they were terrifying of being killed then they got out went over to the JNR music store went up to the third floor the classical music department watched out the window they wanted tower one to topple into two and kill tens of thousands they were keenly disappointed when this did not happen standing on west street yesterday I could still see them carrying Joseph give me in a wheelchair into the smoke and snow people have flipped the chair over the fire hoses open his apartment and get away plaz they said thank god it's over but then he and everybody in the room agreed drumming that it was only over for the day and the Arabs who did the bombing were terrified of dying and then they later to be alive of course they would try again this group was different they were willing to die and die they did to blow up the trade center government agent's an agency's costing billions of dollars said they didn't know it was coming why then is Bush nervous about talking about it and seeks war and Iraq to distract did somebody tell him something and he too discarded it because it was New York and jeez he didn't get a vote out of New York right Jimmy Brezel and news they were they well you got a couple of votes why and local we're sports video five sixy two a how I David when I take my pelbing I listen to the nil Rajas 12th the one hour not judge because he's stupid good double you want to stop who's ain't even though no one will back us are you tell with one is for insane when it was the sotties who attacked us double you have to finish that part line that is losing his patience orders and troops you don't give up their lives for the world big and gas station the pie pie that all costs why try it the lives that will be lost can't buy it there's one order things to do what the hell is wrong with you now bring five like color cry except for your 30 that and bond taking advice from thunder these are right because he works for shabong tower and we win that take care of these think for a horror I find isn't good time but leaders from all around the world are we you're up on journey we charge the pie pie that all costs by try it the lives that will be lost can't buy it there's one order things to do what the hell is wrong with you double you want to win they do they really how about what it 5 60 we're gonna pick knew one ours so that's yeah calm a segment there was really quick upsetting you don't you know. Are you awake? I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. Pam Santa Telecast. Slop that. All of you did have a point. treated man from the matrona. English by The Victim expelled Tom Baker. He's a retired police detective who teaches criminology at the University of Missouri in St. Louis. He said, and this is the one Andy of Mayberry Morse and a Robo Cup. As a former cop, I've combed to the extensive coverage of the war on terror for discussion about its impact on domestic policing. I haven't found much about the inevitable consequences of this conflict on the local departments that police are daily lives. It is after all a categorically different experience to be greeted at your local airport by an M16, totaling national guards been rather than a skycap. Americans have always been antivalent about law enforcement as citizens we expect locally controlled populist officials who are responsive to our communities and mindful of our rights. When victimized to wherever we demand coolier fishing professionals to ruthlessly enforce the letter of the law, traditionally then the officers' robes an uneasy compromise between Andy of Mayberry and Robo Cup to understand how the threat of terrorism has altered this equation a little background information is necessary. In 1878 Congress passed the Posse Comotata sack making it illegal to use federal troops to enforce domestic law, this act was formally ended the post-civil war area of reconstruction, served to codify the venerable American custom of civilian police. Military measures were reserved for foreign threats while the police handled the mess to cry. That comfortable it might have been last until the 60s when local cops found themselves overwhelmed by urban riots and response larger departments formed to our military police units PPEs. These elite squads were trained in equipped along military guidelines to restore order not by arresting individual offenders but by employing infantry tactics on a hostile population. The movement toward militarization gained further momentum during the Posse via Namaera, with demand for conventional arms reduced by the war's end defense contractors began to market dual use technologies that featured both military and civilian applications. Assault rifles and armored personnel carriers thus became standard fair and major police agencies. The missions of the Department of Defense and domestic police further merge when a regular administration declared war on drugs. Suddenly we were at war where they commodity and your dope smoking neighbor was reclassified from a local nuisance to a national security threat. In his book militarizing the American criminal justice system, criminality professor Peter Krasskin notes that by 1995, 89% of police departments serving populations of 50,000 or more had a PPE. 157% increase over 1985. Police reported nearly 30,000 military deployments in 1995, a 939% increase over a 2800 call out to 1980, and that was before the war on terror effectively eliminated the distinction between national defense and domestic law enforcement. Because the court enemy is an abstraction, military and police objectives have blurred into an all-encompassing but ill-defined effort to provide for whole-man security. Though the military profile of the modern coppies evolved and really responsive to fair and present dangers, the transformation entails potential hazard. In 1997, a marine rifle team acting in support of the border patrol inadvertently shot and killed an 18-year-old goat herder in Texas. Remarking on that tragic mistake, Lawrence Corb, Assistant Secretary of Defense in the Reagan administration observed that military deployed bluntly is trained to vaporize not to randomize. Step away from that pie and V in assume the position. Number and V? Poor Aunt B. How's she be by the way? So let's take a look at that pool and I've been able to determine there's 123-4-ney votes, 100-133-4-ney votes for Mo. So he's got 22. Your favorite dolphin radio play by playing out your valetime. I don't give a crap about that often's 116, Rick weaver 95, those in for 83, I don't listen to the games on radio 65 and Mo. Howard David's got 22 legitimate votes, even though it says 155-133-cranc votes. Sounds about right then, I think they could get it over 500 before the show. Well let's get an over a million, come on you guys can do it. Keep pecking away baby. Large scale vaccination called risky in USA today. Scientists warned over the weekend that widespread vaccination against small vaccinated vansivate terrorists attack could cause many more deaths than last false anthrax attack in an era of uncertainty. It may be up to each American to decide whether to take their risk. Instead of sitting there with your finger deep inside your blackcomb ass you're going to have to like make your own decision I guess. The warnings following report Friday that the Bush administration plans to announce a policy to offer voluntary smallpox vaccination to thousands of hospital emergency care workers, healthcare providers, fire and police personnel, and ultimately all Americans in case an attack occurs. Federal health officials in San Diego at an international meeting of the American Society for Microbiology would not confirm their report on Sunday. A number of policies are under consideration said Julie Gabbarding, director of Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Why not spokesman Gordon John Venison to toward a bioterrorist attack, but in June a panel of experts advised pre-attack immunization only for teams of health investigators and hospital workers unless there's a heightened risk of attack the panel concluded the vaccine side effects outweigh its benefits. For every one million people immunized one or two people will die from the vaccine Anthony Fauci directed the National Institute of Allergy and Fetched Diseases said Sunday about half those vaccinated for the first time suffer muscle extra fever, serious side effects were very very mass vaccinations in the 60s he said and complications in people being re vaccinated were even more rare. It says to made that 64% today's world force probably was vaccinated before 72 when routines smallpox vaccination is in ceased, but it's a different world today. Ronald Atlas president of the Microbiology Society said 20 to 25% of those who suffered reactions were people would not have been vaccinated but caught the vaccine virus from recently immunized people. You ready for then? No. They were people would not have been vaccinated if a caught the vaccine virus from recently immunized people. I heard about that though. Today with so many more cancer patients people with HIV-AIDS and others with victim immune system the number of serious side effects could be much higher by orders of magnitude. If someone told me we're going to be attacked tomorrow. I'll be the first to favor mass vaccination adolescent, but as long as the perceived risk is low risk in the death of hundreds maybe thousands of Americans is not a step-eyed indoors. We'd have to assume the vaccine will kill more people than last fall and threats attack in which only five died. The implications of vaccine side effects may not be widely understood. Said Michael Olsostarhoom, it's a method of the HHS director Tommy Thompson. He drank water from a creek. Tommy, I would like to see universal smallpox vaccination. He said it'll be the first time in history. We would eliminate the environmental bioteir risk threat, but at what price is the article in USA today? At what price? Fine, I guess if you don't drink water out of a creek and you don't click your next too much, huh? Where did he find these Yahoo's? That's what I would like to know. Where did he find that cheesehead? Where did he find that big uh buffoon time rigid, huh? Stanza like I like I like a goddamn cigar store engine. Ever see him and Ron Diaz together? No, that's a matter of fact. God Almighty, where does he find him? Good girl. Maybe he knows Defoe. Few hair, a few lost hairs over barber shop here some good news. Those sparks has got a good sense of humor. This is from the Boston Globe. He all seeton hadn't considered seeing the hip comedy barber shop until she heard that the Reverend Jesse Jackson and the Reverend Al Sharpener can attempt the film for scenes in which a character makes politically incorrect statements about civil rights icons, Rosa Parks, and Reverend Martin Luther Coon Jr. Seaton said she found it upsetting the thing someone would disrespect Coon in parks. It after she watched the film on a recent afternoon, Seaton who is African American declared the comments, no big deal. I laughed. I thought it was funny she said after she left the Fenway theater. I think it captured the way people talk and how some people just expressed their opinion on things. Everybody laughed. Some African Americans who've seen barber shop and including some who are barbers, maintain the film as amusing, not offensive, and that statements made by a black character should not be taken seriously. In the comedy which stars Ice Cube in which is set in a barber shop in Chicago southside, Eddie, and opinionated a barber played by Seabrick the entertainer, says that parks decision after relinquished her seat on the segregated Montgomery Alabama, Boston 1955, wasn't special, and that Iraq was committed because she was tired, not heroic. He later calls King and Liz womanizer a whole. Jackson himself gets this by the same character who also excore its Rodney King and O. J. Simpson. Eddie is roundly scolded by his fellow barbers. Last week USA today quoted Jackson's saying, the filmmaker's crossed the line between what's sacred and serious and what is funny. I could dismiss the comments about me, but Dr. Cooler King is dead and Ms. Parks is an invalid. There are some heroes who are sacred to what people in these comments poisoned, and otherwise funny movie Jackson said he hasn't seen the film. Oh, later Jackson demanded and received an apology from the film's producers George Tillman Jr. and Bob Tidal. He also requested that those scenes be removed from future cable broadcast and home video versions. The film's studio MGM has declined to make any cuts and has announced that his sequel is planned. Barbershop has been the nation's high-scrocing film the past two weeks, making more than 40 million bucks. At Los Angeles in Boston South End, Barbara Bryan Petty said he enjoyed the movie because it was wholesome and you could relate to it if you've ever been to a barber shop, and he said he wasn't offended by the comments about King and Parks. What that character said is just as opinion, it's not based on fact putty said it was just stating his opinion like we all do, you can't be offended by one's opinion if you do that, you'll be offended all day long. His fellow barber, Cleon James agreed. You go Cleon. People will say anything in a barber shop. The barber shop is where I'm going to express their feelings. They'll feel open to say whatever they want. He said, the barber shop of man will pull something out, put something out there just to give different opinions, and maybe pull something out. As for Jackson, the activist is just upset because he's been catching a lot of flacker or what he's been doing lately said, Petty, referring to last year's revelation at the Mary Jackson and father to daughter by another woman. In the film on a fellow barber warns any that he'd been in at let Jesse Jackson here is comments about parks, any belloday profanity. At the Fenway screening, C.C. attended a predominantly African American audience reacted with cheers. Will they carry it? And edging up a customer at Los Angeles barber, and he insects a lot on Blue Hill Avenue and Madapand said he watched the film as art and could relate to the characters and situations. I'd read just comments and any subject are typical in barber shops. He said, I hear all kinds of stuff here all the time. He said, sometimes they're just lying, sometimes they're just trying to be funny. They just want to talk. It's a place where people come to let off steam and then we'll be shows that. No big ependee. How do you like that? So Jesse's stuff at baby, stop it. Oh, I didn't miss an opportunity. White and up about 20 shades, you crazy old sparks of you. They're not buying your crap anymore, Jesse. Twelve minutes after 12 at 5, 16, WQM. Maybe we could send him to Baghdad, you know? That's right. Doesn't he go abroad and solve all these things? And we're just like strap him onto the end of a missile would be good. Kill two turrets with one stone. You know, matter shopping. It's a piece of cake, baby. One easy phone call to our good buddies and dial a mattress, one 800 mattress, and it gives you so much more than just great service. They give you unbeatable selection. All the top brands in the world see Lee Simmons, sorta King Qua. They give you the lowest prices anywhere in the universe. And they give you a delivery deal. That's on herd of. They deliver when it's convenient for the customer for you. Any day of the week seven days in the two hour window that you pick, like from 11 and a morning till one on the afternoon from 12 30 to 230 from 11 14 to 314, etc. And they give you that 30 day in home comfort guarantee so you can test out your great new name brand mattress the best way the only smart way by sleep and on it. So if you want to really get your back in shape and feel a lot better than you have if you haven't been getting good night's sleep, called Dalama Trist, they'll be knocking on your door at no time at all. Call 1 800 mattress, 1 800 mA TTRES, or check them out on the web if you like at mattress.com. Yeah, when you have a guy, the big part of the kids team. Yeah, this was not an okay stream. Yeah, hey, the overloftest with his hoochier. The expensive suit and brand new cherry care. Maybe you need a little wist. In the name of he gave her a word. Can we touch me without feeling? Make you want a hug. Better get me something. Just is got a love for time. Yeah, that's about to make you so soon. Well done, boss. Baby, relax and spicy. That's my old dad. I need some more money. It's in trouble, it wouldn't seem. Come on, now. Give me some of my red red money. A big part of the kids team. Come on, isn't it? Give me just something. With his balance be. Yeah. Well, I can prove it. This was not an okay stream. We want a hug. I'm so sick here. We'll just see 12.18 and 5.60. If you want to see what I've got. What? What? What? He doesn't go out and individually sell the ads and program the PSA. He belongs to a service that does that called burst as a matter of fact. Burst burst. Yeah. And they're the ones that program all the ads and go out and sell. Let me ask you something. Is Ellen Burst in? So in other words, he can't control a crap. That's an over. Well, unless he's not one of the 1000 hits, you'll battle come up. It just came up on it again. I just checked it again. You're very lucky. I don't want to be invited. I don't want to be invited. I don't want to be. No, not that. Don't you understand? If I get it right across, we'll not take your blood if you're gay. That's right. That's correct. But that's beside a point. I don't want to give none of my blood anyway. The point is that the whole business with the 9.11. But yeah, if he has no control over, let's not play them for that because he's got a full play today. He's got to get the book. He has a full play. Well, he was a full play before he started digging into it. For bitten truth, I'm sure that would some help from Carlos after the show. He can get that thing on it. But it's not on there. Well, I saw earlier today. Maybe he's just an happened. Yeah, I'm going to school again, you know. Let me just one moment please. Here we go. And he or I just marked the Graham. What the earth is? Martha Graham. I do like that. Best of meals. How I attack the buffet. I like that. Oh, so. Can you play to you? Do the appearance yesterday at castaways? Yeah. Thinking that that was for real. Why am I going to show that a lot of people are trying to order that book. Yeah. And I'm telling them, I don't know what you're talking about and they were getting pissed at me. Uh, I don't. Let me just one moment please. Here we go. And he or I just marked the Graham. What the earth is? Martha Graham. I do. And everybody else in his family. They're in family. They're religious. They don't have to follow this. Well, they mean, they may be above it all. They got a right to be above it all. They claim to be. But then, uh, the meantime, you know, put up or shut up. But then they came up speaking about. It did. Yeah. There it is. Right up on top for Benchery. Well, let me go back again. Just a minute. See, I mean, am I, am I hallucinating here? I think you might be. It's not on mine. How can that be? Thread of clothes. It's read of clothes. The, the browser and open it again. Oh, God. We don't have time for all this craft. Well, there's the early time to just to honor here. I see part of the problem is that all this, uh, craft that's on here. Oh, and your program is performed in a legal operation. Oh, geez. All this spam is on here. And spider, you're at a where I'm telling you that. And where you can take that. That in 40 cents a by about a third of a cup of coffee. It will fees. And they're closed down. Add a where my ass, okay? It doesn't do it. Then get the job done. That spam is in the me. In fact, you even have to open again. You can smell it. Can you smell it? Ooh, I smell something. Take it. Okay, here. I'm trying to, one last time. We've got to get back to doing a showing. It's, uh, it's on there. There it is. Told ya. Oh, okay. It's on there for a good and truth. Boy, boy, what a, what a project that was. You know what? I'm, I'm almost having chills and fever. Here, just thinking about it. Almost. I think what I'm ready to think about is that how to put Sunday. You didn't think I forgot about that during last two hours. You're open. You would. Why is that? Because you're good. Don't, don't, don't you understand. I tried to explain to you the rationale behind that instead of going out and eating a big meal, a big lunch, which I very often do. And then following it up a short time later with a bunch of like, uh, you know, I have an eaten. No, I don't want to, uh, I can't. Oh, I'm in a, explosion from Rhèville. I cet- DON'T KNOW THANK Rain, Youanton's scream. would put me right over the edge. We don't have the bars here. Thank God we don't have no dub bars here yet. I could go for one right now. Yeah, that's a pretty good. That's a good one. We used to bring me all those dub bars. And I was like, yeah, we had the heard to station. We had a nice green guy. Somebody used to bring me tons and tons of dub bars. That was before we realized that was diabetic or maybe I did already know I guess. Wasn't it the same people that also had the fish food bars that were shaped like a fish and they would bring the cases to the state. Yeah, fish food bars. Here's your diabetic green and a bunch of shrimp. And then we'll take them to that chocolate restaurant that's sponsored. And the guy will force me to eat like 15 different dishes. I'll cover with different kinds of chocolate. What was that place that you'll do? I don't want to know. I don't want to know. It was called the Death Palace. Instead of child safety, a foster care cover operates the Palm Beach post editor on yesterday. It says since May, the Florida Department of Children and Families has been like a huge pot as full of boil. The latest revelation blows the lid off four months ago about the time DCF officials were acknowledging that they lost track of five year old Miami foster child radio Wilson for 18 months. A grim report landed on the desk of Ensecretary Kathleen Kerny is conclusion. DCF is not providing acceptable levels of care for three or four of four fostered children. Paul Vincent former chief of Alabama's child welfare department and a national child welfare expert conducted the study. Miss Kerny repressed it. To pry and out of our agency took repeated request under Florida's public records laws, the reason was obvious. Lama's Kerny and Governor Bush were calling Williams disappearance and isolated incident. The study was contradicting them. DCF paid Mr. Vincent to conduct the study from February to April. His reviewers looked at 80 cases in eight of DCF's 15 Districts of Flint, Palm Beach County. The findings he said were among the worst he seen. Taskers weren't the only one stone walled. Representative Sandra Merman were public and a Tampa chairman of the Special Committee investigating DCF. So she didn't know about the study either. The reason for the cover of his obvious. The study would have embarrassed Governor Bush just as his reelection campaign was heating up. Four years ago, he promised to fix the foster care system in six months. Today DCF is in warship. In June the Governor had a send social workers and law officers scouring the state for hundreds of missing children. Many of them run away as he said is though that made them less important. DCF foster children are troubled boys and girls. Many are traumatized if not mentally ill, after being taken from their parents and bonds from a foster home to foster home. Last week, the 17 year old girl found floating in canal was identified as Morris a carp, a DCF run away from Broward. Her father Gary carp told a son sent a forlaterdale that his daughter would suffer from depression and was violent and suicidal. He had fought for years to get her help. The DCF provide the psychiatric care she clearly needed. In Palm Beach County, Mr. Vincent's reviewer's found, a 13 year old boy living in his 19th foster home in a year. The boy also violent, complaint of headaches and auditory hallucinations symptoms of schizophrenia, but DCF did not obtain brain scans for a year. Mr. Vincent did not even address safety. His groups studied whether the system worked or foster children in school and stable situations. How about the social workers deal with the problems that caused the agency to remove them from their homes? DCF got low marks in 12 out of 13 categories. The easy conclusion is that children were not safe. Governor Bush can't deny this scating report or the cover up. The public has a right to know and the governor has a duty to take his responsibility. Oh, excellent job Palm Beach post. And the people, the masses out there are still literally because his name is Bush. You understand they know who he is? He's another Bush Mister. Which is quite frankly ought to be all the more reason to vote against them. But it won't be long now. It's October 1th. It's only about five weeks away. And then you can go to the polls and maybe your vote will be accounted right. And that is the case maybe. Which we got some stories about that too. Practice a precinct work is practice for November 5th. You know, practice makes perfect. 12 27 at 560 WQM. Does this sound like you overwork? Underpaid? Stock it at then and dead and job. Well, if you're under appreciated, do you have a favor? Pick up the phone and call it good people at fast train. 12 free call 1 866 fast train. The demand for certified computer professionals has never been bigger than it is right now. And fast rank enough. You would achieve a big new career in his little four easy months. Fast train is soft load is larger certified Microsoft Training Center. And they have four locations for it. They're in Pemberp Pines. They're in Fort Lauderdale. They're in Kendall and they're in Miami. Fast train offers convenient day evening weekend classes. They got a full-time job replacement department with over 30 experience. So if you're overworked underpaid, I'm appreciate it. Just stuck at the dead end job working for some puts. Don't wait another minute. Pick up the phone call fast train toll free and 1 866 fast train. In Fort short months, just think about this. You can be on your way to becoming a high paid computer professional and career with great earning potential. In other words, a real serious fat paycheck. So take my advice. Pick up the phone call fast train 1 866 fast train. That's 1 866 fast train or check them out in the web if you like it fast train.com. My life and love all this is Fort's video 5.60. Wait a minute. Bush, a f**k, a f**k, a f**k. Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. We take a good hard, stiff look in the start. They gave us one of the defining songs of 80s new way. Now they give us a line of old f**k about why they let Burger King use it in a commercial that one time. They were modern English. Oh, so cool. I'm out with you. Oh yeah, I'm getting one. We're way up met with you. We were thinking of cheese. Yeah, that's it. Goi and delicious cheese. So melting on top of two old beef patties. I mean, come on this rock and roll man. Tonight, you'll hear modern English monthman, Colin Fullerbitt Harris, asking us to believe that he knew the song would be used in the commercial years later. When you think of it, a woman is like, cheese, really. She's tempting and delicious about 30% fat. All those years, he told me that note with you without how great the sex was with me. Now it's about a f**king cheese burger. Colin's ex-girlfriend, want a calmer bear. I just feel so cheap. It's like all those times he was with me. He might've all been dry up against sandwich. Finally, when confronted with the image of dry humbling a burger, the leader of modern English stared down his demons until a bit true. We didn't fight this sole for a commercial. We needed the money! They're there, guys. As far as using your song in a commercial ghost, you're in good company. With a bunch of other jerk-offs sell out scumbags, most of whom are far more famous than you. It's a big juicy, softening-wed look at show business. Tonight, on inside the mind. Well, what about a fat sandwich had that special sauce on it? I guess it would be different. From 32 at 5.60 WM, I notice we got a nice even number now, 130 Fony Votes for Moe on a full. Your favorite dolphin radio play by playing on serval time, so that cuts him down to 40, which is just about the right percent. Got it? Got it. I don't give a crap about the dolphin's 731, Rick Weaver 104, Bill's Infer 95, Adelisent's a game's on radio 79, and Moe will be having 40. 130 right to the number of Fony Votes. This story you just facts me is enough to make my blood boil. Thank you Adam. And then of course they definitely won't take it at the right cross of any place else. Adam Who? Terran. Oh Adam Terran give us this story, which one you talk about? It's about about Johnny Cochran. That's the one? Yes. Well, I'll be God dang, man. You know, it's, you know what this is out of the category of Schwarzschuss Out of Control. First it's reparations and restitution and prostitution, and now Cochran says Black Cochars how the would have been standard. Attorney Johnny Cochran Jr. I guess he must be board-lavery, huh? At least report yesterday that criticizes the NFL's hiring practice involving Blackhead Cochars and threatened the suble league if it doesn't adhere to suggestions to remedy the situation. How do you like that, huh? The report called Black Cochars in the National Football League, superior performance inferior opportunities was compiled by the Washington law firm of Mirriy and Scalot. It addresses the league's hiring and firing of minority coaches using statistical information compiled over the last 15 years, caused to the NFL last night were not immediately returned. Dr. Janice Madden, a Labor economist, determined that Black Cochars average 1.1 more wins per season than White Cochars and led their teams to the playoff 67% of the time compared with 39% of the time for the White Cochars. But Cochran noted there have only been five Blackhead Cochars since 1986, Archil, Venus Green, Tony Dungee, Ray Rhodes, and Herman Edwards. Only any Napa's Dungee in Edwards of the Jets are currently employed is Head Cochars. Black Cochars are being held to a higher standard Cochran said in news conference and as the time for the NFL to step up and make a change, and wait to hear this, to stimulate the hiring of African Americans' head coaches, Cochars' cocharing proposed that Commissioner Paul Tagliabubu, reward at least one team each year for developing a diverse front office with a draft pick. What in other words, if you put on a sparse-your-head coach, look at an extra draft pick. They also asked, what? That'll change the compulsion of the game. He also asked the NFL to require team owners to include diverse racial groups, one interviewing candidates for coaching positions. According to the report, owners can choose to drop out of this requirement, but to do so, they must forefitted draft pick. Cochran suggested teams surrender a first-round pick for refusing to interview minorities for end coaching jobs, and the third-round pick for not interviewing minorities for a system-head coach or coordinator. The creators of the report plan to talk to Tabby or Bulbulbatha or proposal in the next few days, Cochran said he's prepared to take legal action. Oh! We can litigate this, we can bring a lawsuit Cochran said I think the NFL is reasonable. They understand that this can end up in the courts and they'd rather not see that happen. But let's see if we have a dialogue you only litigate after you've done everything you can to negotiate. Saras Mirri, whose name is under Cochran's Honor Report, served as Council in two of the largest racist communication cases in history involving Texico and Coca-Cola. We're asking for a fair opportunity to compete Mirri said Cochran says he doesn't want to bully the NFL to make money on the deal. Our motives are driven not by personal desire or financial gain, but to correct what we see is great inequity in American's game Cochran said. Mirri said Black coaches has left a loss of a chance to retain their job than white counterparts. One bad year in your out he said, you're out. There seems to be a lack of patience as far as Black coaches are concerned. Oh my god! With all the problems that Dark Coast facing this country day in India trying to scrape a couple of nickels together to go out and buy some fried chicken in a couple of chitlins and maybe a little watermelon for dessert. And this is a grave robber, this grandstander he's worried about suing the NFL now to try to coerce them into hiring Black coaches whether they want to do or not. Man oh man what is there that you can say about Johnny Cochran that hasn't been said already huh? He's an asshole. Be side that. How many pages are you facts in me now? Cutter must be. On here's one that says you shouldn't knock San Mateo so the home time of time Brady loves San Mateo. Didn't know that. See you learn some of that on the show every day. Time Brady's from San Mateo California. Oh and well you've asked me a lot of stuff I guess I can use tomorrow and of course tomorrow being Wednesday we've only got a you know three hours for stuff for a bedtime stories because new to one every Wednesday we do a Neil's Vits. Oh it's big enough Vits don't forget the new book of Brian's CD you'll be on at our website any moment now right as you've been in there. I've got yeah and I'm holding the the demo version right now. Oh right! Excellent you can have a look. It's sharp it's snazzy there's um what do you call this a dedication on the back from rich packer? A skating dedication and it's great and it's probably the Paul Harvey Jr. ripping it in an ass. No doubt. So anyway there was also that. Yes for Boca Brian. Orcans like with without monkey. Yeah oh I love it. I love it because you know what they say the trade monkeys around the loose again. That's what they say in a morning show. I was attacked by the monkey fund. He wasn't named my friend Boonjab. Or no I don't feel safe in India. I brought the PM New York and driving Abba. Thank you my friend. Thank you my friend. What did I get the information from the previous call? Oh I'm not sure. I don't know. But the train monkeys out again? Oh boy here we go. Hey what do we have? The train monkeys must be out. Here we go. We're headed again. Make no mistake about it. Where'd you get your information George? What information? 22 to 1. What do we got? We got how managed to tool us today. We got the mad dog. Who's still going to be trying to get over that embarrassing that shocking wumping that that often stuck on Sunday and Kansas City. Hank will be on from 3 to 7 or 4 hours today. I can't get over that. What is that? The first time in about a 7-8 months he's been on for 4 full hours? I think he's had a great scam goal and I score a humper. Rob Conrad will be on with Hank from 5 to 6 and then we got the playoff stuff. Hardball would accrow in the angels and the Yankees. Any camp to the baseball stuff gets out of the way and enjoy Mark overnight. I say let's get there. Let's just skip the playoffs in the world series this year. Okay let's get it over though. It's boring. Terminal, pondress. And I still say how come there hasn't been a major contract on about David. What's his name there from the Marlins? Tells his name? Samson. Okay and without Delilah. I had a brain fart there and they were easy to forget him. That phony attendance from Sunday's game just to avoid the reimbursement of having the lowest attendance in the major leagues even behind a Montreal expose. Oh my god 28,000, I asked. What a scam. What a scam. What an insult. I'm not why they don't just do that every game. Just make up some phony number to avoid the embarrassment I guess. Who you kiddin David Samson you idiot and how dare you show up abinously at on mo show. What else wrong with you? You, you, you, you, let's rate more. 20 till 1 at 5 60 WQM here's something that's good for you. It's called O'Yo Mad. Inside that little capsule is some amazing stuff. Pharmaceutical grade Oliver combined with vitamins and minerals and they make different concoctions for different aspects of your health. There's one capsule that's designed specifically to help your heart's health. One lower your blood pressure, one for your cholesterol, one for your prostate, one for your circulatory system, one for your digestive and endocrine system. There's a product for your skin and bones and even an O'Yo Mad supplement to help your mind. All using the benefits of the best, the purest, the finest, the loveliest olive oil that money can buy. An O'Yo Mad helps some men and women as well. So effort products for each. It's an outstanding exciting new product and more more stir as be caring it. Fix them up today. O'Yo Mad at Whole Food Markets, Walgreens, including the one right in front of the brand who pizza loft in plantation, Navhil and Sunrise. Fix them up at Sunrise in our pharmacies as well. If you'd like to get more information about O'Yo Mad or what can do for you, call their tool free number and ask away call 1-866-O'Yo Mad. That's 1-866-O-L-E-O-M-E-D. In your other products off their world famous website too, if you like it, O'Yo Mad America.com. Much less O'Yo Mad America. That just makes me juggle ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha When people crack their neck or they're not going Robes die, reformed together Caught in makes me juggle I quit new sneakers on a gym floor Raising in a movement on window When I guess it's to drilling my motor That makes me say, be no My boy singing under record That's a total non-finch item It's the sound give you the chivers That makes you a winner Hey, you go nuts if someone fights their pork like this Because I love it Here, I'll do it again Do you have an nervous system left? How about the squeegee I think a window I packed my neck I'm not going to do it Stop where you went Stop where you went I got one more Oh, you know what's funny left out? He left that one out Remember I threatened to play that eight sounds the other day? Yes, and I finally got around with him 594 votes in our pool some of which are real And of course we can always spot the phony votes because they come in and get a clumps and chunks And look like they kind of gave up they kind of like halted at 171 for Molder until you mentioned it just now Until I mentioned No, I don't care about that because I mean it's pretty easy to keep track You you do the math after like a 100 or 200 votes you do the math So I figured out if you subtract it's not that hard 462 of the 594 legitimate votes is 130 some phony votes and so he's got actually I was being generous given him 40 votes Because he was doing about 7 and a half percent consistently all the way through I think you should just divide by pie Speaking of pie The sun can't set on the sun par two soon, Merch Roberts here I don't have we can't afford a wait for this for tomorrow. We can't The US has no right to indulge in imperialism This is from today's LA times He says it sure smells like imperialism That's the word historians use when powerful nations grab control of desired resources Be it the gold of the new world of the oil of the Middle East Imperialists read is what regime change in Iraq and anticipatory self defense are all about And all the rest of the bush administration's talk about security and democracy is a bunch of malarkey In the long-relist of reasons the bush team has been trotting out and defensive a unilateral invasion of Iraq oil is never mentioned Is the fact that Iraq holds a huge pool of oil a pinning for piddling footnote to this debate Is that Gulf War protests sign no blood for oil too cynical even pass a perhaps we should ask national security Advisor Condoleezza Rice who served as a Chevron director and had an oil tanker named after her Despite her corporate connections rice is a scholar and should know her history for 50 years we in the British before us have assumed the same non-colonial posture and the I'm sorry neo-colonial posture vis-a-vis Iraq as we do with Saudi Arabia and it's surrounding sheikdoms in Iran The Gulf War fought to say the US corporate interest in Kuwait and Saudi Arabia was only the late-latist example of this heavy-handed policy Think calibut and vice president Dick Cheney The strategy is pretty much the same as that drawn up by the Romans Finance support local strongmen who can deliver the goods to the imperial capital come hell or high water How they treat their own people is not our business. We've never cared about democracy in the Middle East and was one of its dictators Happened to fail the tow our line This is why our CACIA facilitated the rise to power of Iraq's Bot party and ultimately this succession of Saudi who's saying is it's current leader the first portion of administration supported who's same Providing with the means to wage chemical and biological war up to the day he invaded Kuwait another of our client states After his defeat we became totally disinterested in the freedom of the people of the countries we had rescued so much so in fact That Saudi Arabia was allowed to thrive as the world capital of religious hatred and the major sponsor of terrorists Producing was some of it. Lawden and 15 of the 19 hijackers who gave us the 9-11 tragedy The same content for democracy is marked our policy toward Iran that other member of the axis of evil we help create When Prime Minister Muhammad Mossad had moved to eliminate foreign control over Iran's oil the CIA and its British counterpart over through him in 1953 The spite our babbling about democracy we had no compulsion about replacing the elected most of it with a guy who claimed the hereditary right to the throne as Shah of all Shah's When the Shah dear to act in the interest of his people and his own bank account by bolstering the organization of petroleum exporting companies in the push for higher oil prices We came to regard him to as expendable Even our support of Israel has less to do with the struggle of a brave people for a deserved homeland and more with the usefulness of that country as an agent of our Midi stand visions and a reliable ally and offsetting expanding Soviet influence in the region Well the end of the cold war we were at a loss for a noble reason to justify our heavy-mitties presence Which has been enormously profitable to some American corporations and industries that are well represented in this administration Support democracy we do subsidize Israel The region's only functioning democracy but our motives look less than pure when we fall on over cooperative dictatorship Such as the regime in the United Arab Emirates which forked over $6.4 billion to lucky Martin for fighter jets and gives us access to its Having just fought to free themselves from one of history's great empires This nation's founding fathers fiercely and repeatedly more than the risks of imperial ambitions because of this most Americans Whether liberal or conservative grasp the fundamental truth that foreign entanglement destabilized backfire and cost too much in lives and dollars Instead of exploiting our natural patriotism to fight a non-sensical war our government should forego the temptations of empire Why it's Robert's here today's early time I mean you know too many these articles just make so much goddamn sense But there are a lot of people out there too stupid to deal with the truth they just deal on his gut emotional level. Oh, yeah, it's the good guys in the bad guys They're gonna get us we gotta get him first It's interesting he hasn't been getting us for a hell of a long time in it right But nevertheless you know if we chase the Zans out of Kuwait back That's a lot of years are getting us as a matter of fact. I don't know Any day now For 51 is 560 WKM got the mad dog coming up only moments away. I want to clock this afternoon with more alibisor The dolphins stunk to join out on Sunday. It's only one game. No wait till this Sunday Hey, and speaking of stink in the joint out if your carpets aren't in the cleanest the shape If they're not if you're kind of embarrassed over the fact that they're looking so bad Here's the answer for you the miracle workers did rock concepts the best in the universe I've been using them in my house for over 20 years. My mother uses them my picky ant uses them Everybody I know uses them and have you used them yet? Yes, I have and I need them again as matter fact There you go and of course in your case the price will be right make sure that Who's account is this now do we know? Troy for a strap for I like I said he'll take care of okay good ball charts are dry concepts man. They're certified technicians They come to your home right on time whenever you make the appointment They roll up their sleeves. They dry clean your carpets which sucks up even the deep down dirt in the five is your carpets Make some look just like brand new smell lemony fresh and you'll have it a maze look on your post like holy crap How can even these carpets look so sensational they dry in just a couple of hours and you're ready to rock and roll again And dry concepts also doing unbeatable job of cleaning your furniture and drapery spot dying fiber protection carpets In pine oriental rug service second and none the authorization and if you ever have a flood Complete water damage restoration too and as far as peace of mind is concerned about us to pin this job at a fair price They give you a written guaranteed price beef for or they start the job you can't beat it So called rock concepts today. You'll thank me for doing it in Broward called nine five four three seven 7778 nine five four three seven oh 7778 in data Palm Beach is a toll free call 1 800 2 for 8507 one that's 1 800 2 for 8507 one clean today entertained tonight with dry concepts It's you see guys Nick the sons and whatever the heck it is and the people I call in They're just like them like that they run they hear what call the weeds in the high and I mean it's terrible But here's it up and look at listen to six 10 and I see I I can vote the resurgent, but that is neither shivers, I would not want the walk on looking like Joe Rivers. Where am I? I fire the beast, the fan little freak, I did him a favor, now we can afford to meet. The reason I dismissed that stick and fat bastard, is because he wouldn't shut up and he can't play contestant. I'm so many co-girls, but nobody talked when I ran, I wrapped a new talk. Like look at me, I'm hit hit, I ain't no swear, I'm a thing done, Betty man, I'm really dead. I fire anyone I want, I don't care, but believe they make me flip my wig made a smelly green hair, I've had pided myself, it even happens to the greens, once one said you get out of here, I'll sweep break your legs, so now I sit by the pool, life's as good as it gets, with my pallid and cut down, placing bits of the jeans, and power dives. Power dives, I don't kiss nobody's hands in power dives, I'll be sure to not the screw kids when I get the jeans, but the cleaners aren't ready with my line green pants, I'm on the top of the table, I'm going to take a call and complain, and we just have little thoughts so what I love this day, I think that's funny, I can do what I want, because the management loves me, give it to me, I'm not something you ought to know, but alone is time, I want to give it to me my own, who am I to tell now I am, who is the one who's put you down, I don't take no for an answer, but it's not you, but I think, it's not you, but I think, it's not like they're on a wacky weed or whatever it is, you know? What is it that the weed? Huh, 257 at 560 WQM, the angry hound will be long in just a couple of minutes, GOP now supporting English measures is the Washington Times, Denver voters are embracing the anti-violent education initiative on the November ballot and Colorado Massachusetts, the question is why won't Republicans? Fearful of alienating Hispanic voters, Colorado Republicans are either ducking the issue or coming out against it, and Massachusetts Mitt Romney is the rare Republican candidate who supports the measure. The initiatives pushed under the ballot by Silicon Valley software millionaire Ron Ounds, would replace bilingual education with one you English immersion classes after which students would move on to regular courses, polls show the initiatives governing more than 65% of the vote in both states, even so the list of opponents reads like a political who's who, Democratic lawmakers, teachers unions and school boards, Mr. Ounds knows most Republicans are afraid that supporting English instruction would provoke a backlash from the growing Hispanic population. They're absolutely scared to death, Mr. Ounds said, but it would be awfully nice if some Republicans would stand up for blood Republicans have been saying all these years. Not that he didn't expect this for years after starting English for the children from his panel, Alwa California home, Mr. Ounds knows the drill. First, he spends big bucks together in upstituators to put his measure on a ballot. He watches that the opposition makes up endorsements, contributions advertising and volunteers, and the end doesn't matter on election day his initiative wins by a landslide. That's how it happened in California, 98, and two years later in Arizona, and that's how the scenario is playing up this year in California and Massachusetts with one bigger exception. For the first time, the anti-Bilingual Education measure has actually got a big name Republican supporter and in Massachusetts of all places, while Republican candidates in conservative Colorado refuse to jump on the anti-Bilingual badwagon and liberal Massachusetts, Mr. Romney is gaming that the Uns and Issues rising tide will have lifted into office. How do you like that? Sting English guy, Dennis? What? You beenors? So anyway, the poll today we asked who's your favorite dolphin's radio play by play an ounce of all time, play by play that is, of course if we did uncolor, we know exactly who was. Right. With all due, I'll re-expect the hang. But nevertheless, we're play by play guy. And I'm all Howard David's got 173, which we figured out about 41 of those are legit. Okay. So I don't give a crap about the dolphins 134, Rick Weaver 116, those in for 103. I don't listen to the games on radio 84, and the final salary for Moe who's got a Zedian Fony votes on there is 44, which is kind of appropriate because don't you think 44 kind of rhymes with Moe? Bye bye. Bye bye. Some football programming to tell you about whether you want to listen live on your radios and self-lord are tune in to our listen live feature here on the website. Monday afternoons at 5x dolphin net more joins the hammer to talk college and pro football. Tuesdays at 5x either dolphin, fullback, Rob Conrad or Quenerback Patrick Sertaine joins the hammer to break down this past weekend's game and look ahead to next Sunday's.