Fibity, even most of the intelligence leading the yesterday's press conference came from European police departments, or from El Cata members that were handed abroad, and a draft United Nations report recently found little evidence that US efforts to all Del Cata financing have had much impact. And with the courts, the ask-croft Justice Department's credibility is even lower than with the public. Consider the top secret for an intelligence surveillance court not exactly a hotbed of liberal sentimentality. Meeting in a guarded locked room on the highest floor of the Justice Department, this is the court which in 25 years has never met a wiretap that didn't like. Its judges routinely consider the most sensitive national security questions and have side off over 10,000 warrants. So when a secret court publicly kicked John Aaskcroft in the teeth under the decision reached last month, it was clear that something was going on. The court was set up in the aftermath of Watergate, and the revelations of FBI abuses in the 60s and 70s, to make sure that the kind of raw intelligence needed for foreign intelligence would not be abused in criminal investigations or politics. In fact, the court has not once rejected a national security war warrant application and has case by case, a raw secuators. But when the Bush administration asserted that the USA Patriot Act allows a wholesale blurring of the line with criminal investigators directing national security investigations, the judges went ballistic, revealing 75 recent cases in which FBI agents misled the court, a troubling number of inaccurate FBI of the, uh, Appedabits, and repeated violations of the court's orders. The judge's point, askcroft and the FBI are not to be trusted with new power when they've abused the power they already had. Finally the court concluded the post-USA Patriot policies proposed by Bush are not reasonably designed to protect the privacy of law-abiding citizens. Ascroft's folks, woman Barbara Comstock, made much of the fact that these documented abuses happen on Bill Clinton's watch, but that's precisely the judge's point. The abuse of power transcends particular administrations, so already is the FBI to line order to stretch the limits of legal surveillance that the court now refuses to accept testimony from the FBI agent in charge of monitoring Hamas. One is that review by the surveillance court was that it was a love letter compared to the reception of administration's secret deportation hearings received just a few days later when another unanimous panel of federal judges this and appeals court in Cincinnati slammed adjusted department's secret deportation hearings. Democracy's die behind closed doors wrote judge Damon Keith, foot US Court of Appeals for the sixth court. Last year the INS began deportation hearings against Bobby Haddad, head of a Muslim charity whose assets were frozen after 9.11. Policecroft had asserted the unilateral rights to close and out deportation hearings to the press and public and a certain challenge by Detroit newspapers and US representative John Conner's of Michigan. The ruling by the sixth circuit panel could not have been more on ambiguous with the judge's own sense of urgency and outrage clear from the speed with which the ruling was issued just three weeks after argument. The executive branch seeks to uproot people's lives outside the public eye behind a closed door wrote judge Keith who was appointed the a public court by Democratic President Jimmy Carter. But when government begins closing doors it selectively controls information that rightly belongs to the people, selective information is missing information he said. And even broader case on secret immigration proceedings is on the dock at leave of this month in Philadelphia where a district judge heard an all immigration proceedings nationwide open of the public in the absence of a good reason for secrecy. What's going on is that as cropped in terror posted tackle legal strategy, a strategy built on broad domestic surveillance and a broader secrecy is collapsing of its own extremity. It's no exaggeration to say that the nation's federal judges, many of them appointed by President's Reagan and Bush one, are now an open rebellion at the motions embraced by the current Bush administration, the measures which these judges perceive as a naked power grab by the executive branch. Both the surveillance and immigration rulings may clear that the Bush administration's post 911 policies are not just assaults on story-eyed civil libertarianism, they're undermining public safety. It's hard to defy terrorism when judges can't believe the justice department of the FBI when police agencies can't develop trusting relations and immigrant communities because a fear of deportation or secret charges. It's hard to avoid the conclusion that far from being a wartime-consideri, Ashcroft is turned out to be a colossal failure even on the administration's own terms, leading the White House on a succession of blind alleys. Secret military tribunals, secret deportations and secret wiretap expansion have all turned into highly publicized failures. Congress, which last fall rolled over for the USA Patriot Act, is finally beginning to ask questions. The proposal of the United States, the Department of Health and the United States, and in the House of Wisconsin Congressman James Sensen, ran into the conservative law in order to chair the House of Judiciary Committee, says he's ready to start blowing a fuse over the administration's addiction to secrecy and obsession with restoring the imperial executive. There was ample evidence that Ashcroft has lost his White House support, recent news reports promoting the anti-terrorism laborers of solicitor General Ted Olson to just the stages already being set for a successor. Religious conservatives once asked Croft's effective plaque now bridled with his plant to let the FBI spy and religious communities and follow their financial trails. Politically, as Croft is a man without a country, a liability of the Bush administration and a erration to Congress and an embarrassment to the conservative constituency, which sponsored him. It's clear that in the weeks and months after 9.11 Ashcroft and the Bush administration repeatedly misread the tolerance of today's court's and public. In the same New York talk in which she prophecyed new restrictions, Justice O'Connor, the conservative Reagan appointee, if you day pointed warning, on heated at the time of the need to maintain a fair and justice society with a strong world of law to time on many more concerned with safety and measure of vengeance. A year after El Kyd is attacks to honeymoon with Ascroft's vision of security is over. Right, Spruce Iparallan Soland.com. Thanks for whoever facts that. It's 1013 at 5.60 WDQAM. Any new numbers? Oh, no. The FBI Peace Sports Book.com. That insurance house from Adir Donut. Sure does, because the IP Sports Book.com. That Gary Sarner is doing it by the way. He is doing it. The FBI Peace Sports Book.com is the only sports book to be endorsed by all the industry mod stars. All of them since 1996. Because you know, Times News recently says, you can look, but you won't find a better overall sports book than the I Peace Sports Book.com. But maybe you're looking for more than just a world class book that offers you 24 hour VIP service and the safety of a leader. How about this? How about the highest parlias in the universe up to 2000 to 1 minimum bets of only five bucks and free with draws 24 hours a day and a 15% cash bonus added to your first deposit to boot. And this isn't some jungle book located like in Sweetwater. It's such based VIP sports book.com where you treated with class and your money is safe. Sign up online and get you a 15% cash bonus added to your account or call them toll free if you like at 866 VIP bets. Easy to get started. Just go to VIP Sports Book.com and don't forget when you sign up online, you get you that 15% cash bonus. VIP Sports Book.com where you be the VIP. And local. This is 560. There are years on yours. QAM. The Catholic for 15 minutes is as so much to ask. Are you looking for a new career? Uh huh. Do you like D-Drin? Are you able to maintain consciousness through hours of mundane work? Hmm. Then get ready for an exciting career in airports security. Due to recent events airport security people are in demand like never before. And until the federal government takes over we're looking for special people like you to make our country feel safe. Once you're equipped with your own flashlight and walkie talking you'll be able to start right away and it just under $6 an hour. After 20 minutes of intense training you'll be diligently watching the scanning machine and you don't even have to know what you're looking for. Is like watching television but there's only one channel so I don't have to decide. Great. And if you last on the job for more than two weeks you'll get a cool one. To wait for people's bodies. Cool. It's like the lightsaber from Star Wars. You do the aerial fauna. That's a wide weight. Join the world of airports security today. Like me. Ooh. That was Gary. Uh huh. 1017 at 5.60. But if you want me to prove that George is a little off his feed today you actually facts me from the squiggler. Yeah. facts me that facts. Right. The little squiggler when you think I read it. It's about me. But I didn't read it. Oh. What? What? What? What? What? What? Why do you read facts from? Not cases. George. You're still learning. Just like those calls you take when you do the show. I understand. You know you're facing them out. But you definitely. This is not something you need to be faced out. You just cut it out. Just cut it out on your life. When you see that writing just smith can it. Consider the source. Getting uptight and sensitive at your advantage. No. I don't think it's anything because I don't read those facts from the squiggler. But anyway, George, right? So keep in comment. I should be fired by the way. I see. There you go again. You're quoting the squiggler. I'm a liar. You better be accountable for what you see on the air, Mr. Like Mo. He's accountable. Anyway, here's the fact it says. I was going to give this out and help people get off their ass and vote. But with what happened yesterday, why even bother? He was going to give what out. I, I, I, I ran away with my dead grandma grandma the cast my boat of She has nobody. Great show and George was great this summer. You should have his own show if he learns which passes to read or not. Yeah, I think George in a morning would be good. I think that would be sweet irony, you know. Long toilets stay triggers airplane security sweet. Here's a good story with funny. This is great. A passenger, this is from Berlin. A passenger has spent a long time in an airplane toilet yesterday or today. Today, prompted a security alert and full search of the lifetimes of plane The airline said. It was quite amusing. Lifetimes spokesman Thomas Jack now said it was on the toilet for quite some time. That was enough reason to alert the federal border police. The men went to the toilet after the plane had landed in Berlin's Tigler port from Frankfurt. Tigler port is about the size of the room you're sitting in by the way. Okay. His lengthy stay prompted the flight attendant to alert security officials. He was in there a long time. The border police detended men once he emerged and conducted a thorough search of the plane which didn't produce anything unusual. Spokesman Lars Rebels said. Maybe just then unusual or Roma. Jack now said the incident only occurred because of a heightened security around the University of Nathla, in the text in the US. The daybook put people on, put people up on the nurs on edge. He said, thank god it turned out to be nothing. Well, if he was in it a long time, I hope it was more than just nothing. I didn't remind him to worry about that. Mine's been at story actual. You bought the guy in a plane on the KLM plane that time. Right. In business class kept getting up and he'd go in there for like 15 minutes. And he'd come out and get a sitting there chair seat. And his head was wobbling around like he was a stone or something. And he'd go back in there again. No one came out with the all sweaty. I don't know. I wasn't that close to my head. I don't want to smell him. Okay. I don't know. What does that mean? Oh, nothing. Just sometimes if it's a really strenuous beat up. You get sweat on your body. Oh, if I may be was a drug thing. You know, that could be to. Awesome. Well, maybe he was in there like doing stuff. I don't know. Maybe he was like in there doing them stuff. I don't know what he was doing. But he was in there many times for a long time. 28 airport workers arrested in Houston. Oh, I'm reloading my St. Pete Times website here. By the way, I'm re-loading that page. And the blue lines are just sitting there. It's lovely. I don't I don't expect anything. I mean, if I can't tell something, we might go through the whole show today. And still out heavy new votes from date or. I mean, what's going on in date and brow. Do you ask holes? David Lee. He and Miriam Ola fans. Sica fan. I'm over. 65, 26 sounds like a familiar number made the same number. Precinct. We have less than 200 precincts yet to be counted. All of which I believe are in date and broward. Maybe still at one in Palm Beach. But that's small potatoes. Date and brow. Of course, Janet was walloping McBride. I would say three to one. Well, let's see. Where do I have a written down? For our 64 to 28, which is like well over two to one. And date 69.4 to 21.6, which is more than three to one. So the fact that McBride's at my 19,000 somewhat votes. It's going to be razor tight all depending on where those precincts are and how many votes there can contain something. You know, when you think we'd have at least an analization of that, something. And I can actually go in there and give you the precinct numbers that remain, but it doesn't mean anything to me. We'd have to dig up a coin's body and bring him back. Well, what do you think? Precinct 301 is the. Wow. I don't know. I was with a great day as boy, those election night reader coverage is man. Authorities arrested 28 workers at Bush and R. Connettler report on charges of violating federal auto pinning security badges. They said, we don't need no sticking badges. The US attorney's office announced. The 28 workers are among 143 airport workers embedded on those charges in August and early September. A West war ends have been issued for those not taking the custody on Monday. The attorney's office said. Ten of those arrested Monday are charged with two felony counter-parajor news of a social security number and line to a federal agency. They had applied for an obtained blue or gray airport security badges, which allowed the word to access Secure areas of the airport, including ramps, gates, the tarmac in and around airplane. But what was we had the story yesterday? Well, that was Miami and Florida Dale and Palm Beach. Right. And if we were saying Palm Beach, you guys a lot of problems don't they? And we decided they do. And then of course we had that pedophile priest in the Del Rey Beach today. Man, they got some serious problems there in Palm Beach County. How's our own pool doing this? See that's the amazing part of it with our low technology. And we still have a pool where the numbers actually change. 153 votes. If the election for Governor being held right now today this moment and you can actually catch your vote, which, well, good luck to you. Filmic bride 95, Jeff Bush 32, neither 26. So it's still like about almost exactly three to one in this crowd. Which looks pretty promising to me, doesn't it? Yeah. Because when we do the ones about like for president between George W and the Gore and this one and that one, you know, George, we still have a few of the W people out there. Although maybe those people are with us today, you think? Maybe. Maybe those people are watching wall the wall coverage of the ceremonies. There you go. Let's get patriotic. What do you say? No. Let's just do the show. See, that's my ideal. Let's just do the New Yorkers. I know that's revolutionary. And I know we don't want to get just get sucked in and go along with the program and do it everybody else. You know, this, it's an orgio of a misery is what it is. All the way, good to what kids Kirby is doing and playing at what is he doing? Playing a requiem for the rappers or something like that? I don't know. On power 96. The puncture listening to power 96. They don't want to hear a requiem for this. They don't want to hear Mozart if they want to hear that. They tune the KAT. And what does that start on KAT? Isn't that like a 19-minute week from tomorrow? How did you know that? So it's on the calendar. Oh my god, a week from tomorrow? A week from Friday. The number is Thursday. No, no. Oh, that's right. The 12. Yeah, a losing track. I mean, it's only the 11th of September, it's only 9.11. The long and the short of it by Robert Kaiser, where was this Washington post? Oh, this is the one I was talking about yesterday. So I said I'd have to read. And then once I get done, but I think that we can play bits of rest of the show. And of course, if they're any outkeep checking, believe me, this is the one place that there are any results on the election. You'll hear them right here. Because that's something we can give you. That's not the same old KAT that everybody else is doing today, which I'm just grossed out by. We've seen all those interviews a million times. It's tragic. It's sad we've seen the survivors. We've heard their stories. We've heard all the songs. God bless America. We've seen Connie Chink, Fumbling and Fumbling around. And speaking of Fumbling man, I'll tell you, Donna, who know what he's got to point zero zero zero zero. He's, he's had it. I try to resurrect Ed Murrow. You know, it was very popular. And he was a pioneer in the abroad casting of the news broadcast. But he's dead. Smoke those faggots too much. Long cancer. Been dead for many, many years. And Donna, he'll not dead. Believe me. He is, he's a fumbleer in Bumber. Crime. Crime. I, well, he's a crime. But I mean, the guy's 100 years old. MSNBC is desperate. There was a, and I still say, even though I'll Pat Buchanan's very, he, he, he, he, he, he, besides being a fascist and a Nazi pig, he's not a broadcast. You know, he fumbles and bubbles about it. But at least, uh, between him and Bill Prescott, it's a far better show than when they were on crossfire. I never said, B.C. you haven't seen you. I thought once. And you just saw, Pat Buchanan start thinking about Palm Beach. Right. The time it look. I, those old Jews up there. Oh, you know, Filmic Brides, 596, 472, Jan. Reno, 5773, he, less than 20,000 separate the two statewide. And all remaining precincts that have yet to be counted are still mysteriously in Miami date and, and there's still, and I don't know what they're doing. Maybe nobody's on site. Maybe somebody else has it. Do you think that's the only one I'm looking at? Okay. Uh, if you had any idea, how many times I got up during the middle of the night, how long I, I stayed up to lack of midnight, because I'm being, and that's just to be conscientious, but because I'm interested, okay? I wanted to see about the gay rights thing, which by the way, the Christian's laws, what a shame, although a lot closer than anybody predicted, and that's because of the Cuban vote, the Cuban hate vote. My, the con, my, the con, it's, they can't help it. Just look at George, for example, they can't help it. It's in his genes. Stay wide votes. Okay. Let's go on the Sun Sentinel website. Maybe they're ahead of everybody else, although I don't. It's going to be the same. And you know, something you won't, won't go there. There's a thing, oh, it's seriously, it said, it said, don't go there. Now, it, it still stuck on the same thing. It was at six o'clock this morning when I came in here. 97%. Like, right, 45%. Reno 43. And, there, I'd be, uh, dark as all hell Jones, 12%. And that's it. Now, what do you facts to me now? Important stuff? No. Just a bunch of cramped stuff. Neoroggers from Brad about Rick and so as well. We're up there on the status of Rick and so as I came across your website. Can you provide any information on the plans for these guys? South Florida misses them. How do you like that? Yeah. South Florida misses Rick and so as. Well, I would agree with that. In fact, we, we were pushing to get them on the morning on this show, which here would be a big improvement over what we got now. I love this show. Right. You tell him Rick. In fact, he got so excited when I was promoting for them. And I went my pants. Right. I mean, I could play all of them all the drop in here, you know? You ignorant, slight. But I guess that's the end of that. But anyway, there is no update there. Well, what do we know what they're doing? No, they're just hanging out. Oh, not, not more priest news here. I can't hear you anymore. Oh, more priest is all we'll get to that and then this thing belong in the shorter by Robert Kaiser, which, of course, I'm being very unpaid for you out of our reading these things. But we do have a few people out there who'd rather, rather hear some of what's really going on and the truth as opposed to just waving the flag and singing, God bless America. You know, let's dig up Kate Smith. What do you say? No. Okay, imagine what she smells like now. Oh, 1027 at 560 WQA and castaway seafood company knows seafood. If I maybe she smells like seafood. They pride themselves on serving you the freshest seafood available fresh fish that's never frozen. And smells a lot better than Kate Smith. Prepare just the way you like it. We're old black and or broiled. And if you're castaways, this is include Sesame Seared tuna, crack cock and unbelievable homemade chowders. And I do love chowder. I'm not going to get some chowder when I come back. Sure. Castaways also features grilled certified angus beef. That's with a G. Burgers for laymen, yon are huge humongous gigantic mouthwatering New York Strip castaways offers greatly lunch and early bird specials, early bird specials. Oh, and if he Wednesday night is karaoke and ladies night with free drinks for the ladies, to end the castaways tailgate party at the hot fish bar for weekend and Monday night football specials while you watch your favorite games. You know, I missed your rows for many reasons, but one of them being I missed those penetrating interviews with a sport like many interview Brian Murray and asked him and built hurry. How you do with the ladies? The castaway seafood companies got a full bar off in seven days. We can locate it on the Southwest corner of University, driving Griffin Road in most prestigious Davy. If you're looking to cater your next home or office party, castaways will do a spectacular job of that too. Castaway seafood company seafood so fresh. It'll slap you in the push. Right fine? 1 vrai evening hello. We're sports weekend. Flights. You a- m. Are the socks shooting huds for charity?躁's resired to drive. There were eight people including me, but only seven would survive. You see, one of us would not be alive. I shot the chauffeur. Blue hole right through his chest. So bad then. I shot the chauffeur. Stradd it is guts to lovar my deep strength. Show him my crib off on Valentine's Day. The gun was loaded. So was that. You know y'all all of a sudden I fired a round. And Christopher, he hit the ground. You know, that little driver, he don't fold that. I saved him. I loaded. I shot the chauffeur. And my friends, you know they all lied. Then I shot the chauffeur. Yeah, they said it was a suicide. Then we go one. My agent got a call from NBC. They said they no longer require me. And it can you believe that? They say if it turns out I'm the killer. Well, they're going to go out dead higher. Get it, Smiller. So now I drive for Phillard, Phillard. Oh man, look out for this. Don't bitch. I shot the chauffeur. And I'm face you five to ten. Man, that is f***ed up young. I shot the chauffeur. Now, starting to smell further, the J.B. State's hand. That's thirty four five sixty. WCM, here's a bizarre fact. It says, it's an okay. I ask you a question. Sure. What's wrong with young Ron? It says Neil is such the same person as Ron Brewer. He says he's the same person as Ron Brewer. Go to hell. Oh. No, he's not the same person as Ron Brewer. I think that would take that as an insult if I were such. Yeah. And we don't know what they're doing. So I guess he's living off a panzing income. And probably watching a lot of we runs a stard wreck and whatever else he likes. Gilligan's island. And Rick, now what did Rick tell us he was going to do? He's hanging out. He's got an office somewhere in like Rower County. And he was waiting to do the summer show, but that didn't work. Oh, that's right. Rick actually was calling around trying to get a hold of me. And I didn't return his calls because naturally that would have been like stabbing you in the back. And since already one person did that, oh, now you're beginning another squiggly facts. You're probably got enough holes in the back. Even Julia sees it and it had as many slips in the back as George has gone. How's Roger McIlland doing? I don't know. I mean, Rick Ron he was doing crying because I had mentioned that that it was a possibility because Greg hates you like poison. I was looking to alternatives for you fell in in. And kind of and low and behold, George did that magnificent job. We did the polar couple of days ago. The audience was ecstatic. Except for that one guy who's a major asshole and hates you like poison. And voted 4,000 times. I checked the numbers again by the way for those who are waiting on pins. And needles about the election returns from date and nothing. Nothing. 6526. That's that I've a precinct set of encountered. See, I can look all over the place. But the bottom line is that the ones that are most updated. It comes right from the state anyway. So it really doesn't make any difference. So whether it's the sunset and the lower the same peat time, the Harold forget about it. Anyway, Robert G. Kaiser writes the long and short of it. The war on terrorism began so well then the focus changed. What is the Bush administration aiming to do now? He asked, it awaksed and posed this past Sunday, he writes. I made the hoop loss around in the anniversary of 9.11. Three questions, see math. Why did the Bush administration veer off the course of separate self a year ago when President Bush promised to rally the world of fight against terrorism? And then did so magnificently. But only for a while. Why has the administration now chosen in the elected's trends? As it pursues its enemies, a rather the enemy most easily targeted, Saddam Hussein. Why is the Westwooding with a new doctor in the preemptive war? So radical that has no present in international law or American history? And why hasn't this flirtation provoked our politicians to conduct a serious national debate first of all Congress? We're still too close to these events to see them clearly, but if not too soon to see that the Bush administration's initial sure footiveness has given way to a stumbling comesiness. This has been a bad summer for American diplomacy. It isn't easy for the world's leading power to alarm all of its allies in a matter of months, but this is what the US has done for purposes that remain mysterious. The administration has accomplished this despite a successful beginning of the military campaign set off by the attacks on New York and Washington, New York and Washington, New York, Not only did the President rally allies in every kind of joint and elaborate, efficient international coalition, but the Russian President Putin used September 11 to finally abandon the pretence and Russia and America could revive their Cold War rivalry. He allied his country firmly with the US, then with an A to a alliance. Two central Asian republics, Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan, former parts of the Soviet Union, welcomed US faces on their territory, creating a new geopolitical reality, no government on earth openly took the side of Al Qaeda. That first phase was triumphant. The anxiety of last fall of some armament in its allies would be stemmed in Afghanistan as the Soviets were two decades earlier. Now seems silly. Routing Al Qaeda and its protected the Taliban regime in Kabul proved remarkably easy. Lying to a flat-gans dancing in the streets was a joyful experience. The first phase is cost more than $30 billion in 51 American lives, but the initial mission was accomplished no more Taliban. No more safe haven for Al Qaeda. But the campaign stalled an early December when American commanders decided not to send US troops into the mountains around Torabora and owe some of them a lot of the escape, at least that was the conclusion of American intelligence. Since then the war hasn't gone very well. Kiyal Qaeda leaves remaining large, presumably including bin Laden though he may be dead, whether without him, our enemy can still operate. A new UN study concludes that Al Qaeda is, by all accounts, fit and well, and poised to strike again at its leisure. It is sobering to consider how much we still don't know about Al Qaeda. German investigators have apparently established that the 911 plot was hatched in Hamburg and a cell led by Homo Hammond Ata pilot of one of the planes that had the World Trade Center. Who was Ata superior? Unknown. Who in Al Qaeda's hierarchy helped find the attack or approved it? Unknown. What was bin Laden's personal role? Unknown. What did the pilot's authors hope would be its result? What are their strategic goals if any? Unknown. Though bin Laden's past comments suggest some answers, such as pushing the West out of Saudi Arabia. He's pushing push in Saudi Arabia like a Jackie Baill's. Know your enemy soldiers like to save, but we still have a lot to learn about Al Qaeda. The US government has repeatedly advertised its own ability to penetrate around the stand Al Qaeda by issuing any number of brightly colored lures, orange alert today, and warnings that a new attack was imminent. Those wrong predictions suggest grave deficiencies in American intelligence, a subject our political figures of General the avoided. Multilateralism was critical for the administration's early successes in the war on terrorism, which makes it all the more surprising that the Bush administration abandons it so quickly. Beginning with the December decision with draft from the 1972 ABM treaty, a succession of policy choices we've vied the administration's reputation for unilateralism and infuriated old allies. Why did this happen? The answer begins with the White House itself. If we know remarkably little about Al Qaeda, we should also acknowledge ignorance about many of the inner workings of this administration. This is a secret of American government. In eight months and office before 9.11, it took out a public view of a series of decisions that made allies wonder if we're cared about their concerns. One of those shortly before 9.11, was to scuddle a long negotiated enforcement protocol of the international convention on biological weapons. Ironically, now a dead letter as the world gets increasingly anti about biological weapons. The ABM treaty decision, particularly upset the French and Germans, who consider the fact the foundation of nuclear arms control, it was followed in January by Bush's announcement in the State of Union speech that Iran, Iraq, North Korea, Constitutant, and ISIS of evil. This infuriated Europeans trying to build bridges to Iran and South Koreans in Japanese trying to work with North Korea. The administration stuck by the term, although it never explained how these three unconnected nations' Constitutant, and alliance of two or more countries to coordinate their foreign military policies according to one dictionary definition. But the most important decision that Finn are allies anxiety about reviving American unilateralism was last due in his change of course on the Middle East. For many years, the US and its allies have different and how to best achieve and is really Palestinian peace. The US has long been more sympathetic to his really government than many Europeans have, but there was a qualitative change during the last year. The context for it was the war on terrorism. I guess I better do the break out, finish it. Okay. So I guess we better do the break. I am all. This is for trading in 565. You way, yeah. Hey guys, it's football season and treasure island is celebrating with a special football season kickoff party. This Thursday, Friday and Saturday, it specials once you've never seen before from treasure island. Two for one, drink specials from 8 to 10, a free buffet all day from noon till midnight, $100 drink tab giveaways and much much more. Plus I'll be there Thursday to kick off the festivities with a special happy hour party from 5 to 7. I bet on north of the 120 second street exit. See for yourself why Max and magazine voted treasure island south floor to number one adult club. For more info call them at 305-558-2221. We'll see you Thursday starting at 5 for the best happy hour party in town exclusively at treasure island. Please, in our stocking. When I'm watching bass, we'd fall on TV. One man is annoying me. Yellow words of thoughts and ticky V. Very. And when someone goes they find he starts screaming things on their delete. Scritching like a batchy ticky V. Ticky V. Ticky V. Ticky V. Yeah. Ticky V. Ticky V. Ticky V. When the end of the game. Look there from your dead and blindly beat. When it's the guy coming from Ticky V. Lover thing is on. And everyone's a PCP. Which he keeps in trap shut. Ticky V. Ticky V. Ticky V. Ticky V. Ticky V. Ticky V. Ticky V. Ticky V. Ticky V. Ticky V. Ticky V. Ticky V. Ticky V. Ticky V. Ticky V. Ticky V. Ticky V. There's a lot of chatter by the way. There's a lot of chatter going. Ticky V. Staggering news. And the election battle going on between January and November. We've got some staggering news. No, no. I think that is staggering news. It's 1046 in a morning. The election has been closed since before Jesus was a baby. And they promised us at least the stories that I read said, Oh, not a clock this morning. They'll start counting votes again. Want to get around with it. When he finally wake up those dead people. They're all hanging out at Xavier Svara's house. What I hear. But anyway, here it is. 1046. There isn't one precinct. There isn't one vote that's changed. Any of those totals. Isn't that enough to kind of like infuriate you? And of course, the more time they let go by, the more hanky panky they can keep pulling her. I don't want to sound cynical. It's stuff like that. But I think that's a magnificent point. Anyway, getting back to this story, which is a, I ask a lot of good questions. Robert Kaiser's column in Sunday's Washington Post. He says prison and Bush is set from the outset that the terrorist available of responsible for the nine-level attacks. He did America because they hate our freedoms. But the available evidence doesn't support this explanation. If in law and his own statements and the personal histories of participants in nine-level and plot. So, yes, there are more specific reasons for the terrorist hatred. They include American support for regimes that they detest in the year of world. American bases on Europe territory, especially in Saudi Arabia. And American support for Israel's occupation of Palestinian territory and for Israel's military campaign against the Palestinians. Psychological alienation from modern Western culture and radical interpretation of Islam adds spice to this deadly stew. By ignoring the items on this list and denouncing an enemy that hates us for what we are, not for what we do and say, or what they think we do. President Bush has created an all-purpose bad guy who's existing to allow him to decide to have any examination of American policy. But I'll kind his lead by Arabs from the Middle East and is deeply rooted in Middle Eastern policies and intrigue. It's grievances, however, irrational come from there. The administration ignores the European connection early on by recognizing a need for improved public diplomacy in the Middle East. To better explain US policy to Arabs and improve America's image in the region. But the problem as American specialist in Arabs pointed out went beyond imagery and explanation. Arabs have real grievances against the West first of all connected to the Arab Israeli conflict. This past spring, the intensification of violence from suicide bombings and Israeli retaliation created a Middle East crisis. Our Al-Sharonan colleagues used the crisis to press their view that the Palestinians killing Israelis were no different from the Egyptians and Saudis who flew airplanes into the World Trade Center in Pentagon. The answer, Amafar, the Palestinian leader, is our bin Laden Sharon said. Israel's objective obviously was to persuade American to make a era fat its enemy too. The Bush administration initially resisted, but by June, when Bush declared that Aerofad had to be replaced, the US had aligned its policy with Sharonan virtually all operational questions. The administration continued to say a favorite early creation of a Palestinian state and opposed Israeli settlements in the occupied territory, but this rhetoric had no visible effect on Sharonan who was demonstrated no interest in a compromise with the Palestinians. Judging by the public statements and published commentaries, Arab officials and analysts, they now see no significant difference between Bush and Sharonan on the Palestinian issue. Bin Laden himself has written the script to a suit to the world dividing the US from the Arab world, including the Arab states that we've long considered our friends. Potentially the most significant act of American unilateralism this year was President Bush's declaration, at West Point in June, that the US would reserve the right to act preemptively against groups and nations with terrorist intentions. The war on terror will not be one on the defensive, we must take the battle to the enemy disrupted's plans and confront the worst threats before they emerge. This is the only path of safety is the path of action and this nation will act he said. Thus began a summer talk about preemptive war against Iraq, Israeli's intonibler of Britain showed some sympathy for the idea, but doesn't his other international leaders expressed doubts. So remarkably, the long list of senior Americans who had served in early administrations, including George Erber Walker, Bush's two secretaries of state, James Baker, the third line Lawrence Eagleberger, at his national security adviser Brent Skowcroft. There are unusual public statements, where evidence of profound disquiet in the upper reaches of the American establishment, where the idea of a unilateral preemptive war caused deep alarm. Last week, the ground began to shift somewhat, Bush said he would make a speech on Iraq to the UN, and we're concerned with the other permanent members of the Security Council. He promised the wise Congress to approve any military action, the lawyers had argued earlier that such approval wasn't necessary. He also promised to build a case against the Racken Public, which politicians in both parties said he had to do. But all of this had to flavor after the fact caused medics, Bush gave no handy was prepared to change his mind about forcing regime change in Iraq. What is the purpose of poking American finger in the IBA of just about every country in the world? What does the administration hope to gain by emphasizing unilateral options from declaring war with our Congress to telling other nations to sign up or get out of the way? There's such bullying ever pay off in politics, domestic or international, and a democracy voters want to participate. In a community of nations, governments want to participate. The issue isn't whether or not to fight terrorism, a new poll of Americans and Europeans released last week showed strong support from military action against terrorists. But the same poll showed equally strong sentiment that any such action should be taken in concert with allies and with the support of the UN. The Americans questioned this poll that Australia they lack of enthusiasm for this administration's foreign policies, a warning and election year, only 20% of Americans favored invading Iraq without the support of our allies and the UN as well. On question after question, large majorities prefer acting with our allies to acting alone. But public opinion has not yet been affected because the country hasn't had to debate about its global status. The US became the only great power dozen years ago, but we've never really confronted the implication of this fact. Our political classes largely taken a buy on the biggest questions of our time. How should the US relate to other countries and international institutions on what terms should we engage with the rest of the world with what kind of armed forces and what sort of diplomacy has preemptive or become acceptable? The attacks of 911 announced they've profound change in the world they set us on a new course, but our politicians have led us down by failing to engage the country and a great discussion of the huge questions we face when we mark the anniversary of horror which we're doing today. We still won't know where we are going or why. Right, Robert Kaiser. I think he's got a point. Do we know where we're going? No, why? No, no. I think we know where we're going to war. How have you preached to where they used to be in Gangho about? Wow. There they are. Two hundred and what? There they are. Two hundred and twenty votes on our pool. If you're lecturing the government was being held today, who would you vote for? Tell me, pride 130. Jeb Bush 48. Need to 142. Think any new votes are coming in the end. Oh, priest, a rank. Why does only 11 are clocked? Just about it's coming up on a baby. Coming up on 11 are clocked. I'm looking at this thing. 65, 26. That's a number that sounds very, very. For me, you know me. Because it's been stuck on it. Like Elvis would say. It's been stuck on you, man. Stuck. Same old number. Same old. Nothing new. Same old. We have no idea what that is going on. Same old screwed up floor election, especially in South Florida. And I look at my computer there. A stock can't get off. Right, 65, 26. The same damn thing. Anyway, a priest accusing of abusing any 11 year old boy. I point out again 11 years old and it's probably crap that they keep talking about teenagers. From the Jordan 1970s has been arranged on 8 counts of criminal sexual conduct. The Reverend Edward Olssefski, 67 and Alice in keylock or Florida, was a rank yesterday. We've had him as a historian before. A rank yesterday in Detroit's 36 district court. Olssefski stood mute in court where here a period in the street clothes went out of pre-scollar that he tried pre-pairs reported on his website. He was released on a $10,000 personal bond. And then I was scheduled for a preliminary examination September 23. Olssefski's attorney, S. Allen Early, said the accusations against his client are false. He emphatically states that he's innocent of these charges early said, Father is totally shocked about these allegations. Olssefski who stepped down from his floor to parish is accused of abusing Albert Greene, a former Detroit resident who now lives in Washington. Greene, 44, ledges that Alsheski molested him and Detroit rectumaries. And on trips out of state to Las Vegas, San Francisco and Disney World. Tim Cosna, upon a Greene's lawyer said Olssefski served as Greene's foster parent in the late 1960s when Greene's mother became ill. Albert is one of the most grievously damaged child sex abuse survivors that I've ever encountered and I've dealt with hundreds of them. Olssefski is one of four men charged August 27 with criminal sexual conduct under a provision in Michigan statute limitations. The priest, alleged, was contacted from the 1960s, the 1980s. At least 30 Catholic priest in Michigan had been removed, suspended or have left their duties in January. One among those sexual abuse and settlements along. I'd be like that. Every single day we get either updates on old ones or brand new ones like that one in Del Rey Beach. We had yesterday on the beach, on the beach. Meeting young boys on the beach for our fun and games for a blow job is basically what a boil down to. That's what it was. Oral is moral. Let me take a look at that thing again. Well, I mean, I don't know about you, but it's just a little bit frustrating to me. You don't want to say it. What are you saying? A little bit frustrating. I'm trying to get the audience out there and myself. Some updated numbers on here so we can see what else going on here. And instead, they got the oxygen out and date and brought it. And they're trying to revive the guy damn bodies that they dug up this morning. So those bastards can make a mark on a ballot or do something. Maybe they're just having a time-time getting the list of names of those people out again. They should have saved them from last time. Well, they were trying to, but there was that little bit of investigation. Maybe they had to lock them away in a lock box somewhere. Maybe they're trying to find out who's got the key little lock box. I still say, go to Xavier Svara as his house. Here in tea, these probably got several copies. 1056, it's 560, WC, we got the mad dog in one hand, kid, three. 635, you got your Marlins on deck. Would they end that already? That Marlin Crap, James, why don't you guys just stop already? And by the way, we don't want to hear all you dumb jokes. Contificating about how horrible the attack was last year. We know how horrible it was, okay? We know. Marlins in the Philly's 710 that I had to get after the baseball game and join Mark overnight. See a dirty boy's. Hey, listen, if you want to start losing some weight, the beast says he's going to get on a scale Friday. Or nearly doesn't on Thursday, but he's not going to be there tomorrow, right? Right. What's he going to be doing tomorrow? Don't know. Probably some hurry coolness stuff wouldn't surprise me. But at any rate, on Friday the Beast gets on a scale, he lost 50s, he pounds in last count. I guarantee you, I give George his personal guarantee that he's got at least 55. Well, on a way to 60 pounds, I'm just thinking about this last night when he gets to the 100-pound lost mark. We're going to have a gigantic party. We're going to have, like, of course, he won't be able to eat any of it, but we're going to have like a big feast and forcing the sit and watch. You can lose all the weight, too. Like he's done with balance for life. That's how he's doing it. The no problem weight loss program. No problems because you don't have any decisions to make. Other than just fill off that little menu they send you for every day. You have two choices for every meal. That's it. You don't have to count calories. You don't have to count carbohydrates. You don't have to walk up and down the hours in the supermarket when you're shopping cart wondering what the hell can I eat and still lose weight. Because they bring it that little black sack every morning is dependable as the weather in the South Florida. And inside that black sack are three delicious gourmet meals made with the best ingredients you'll find anywhere, two delicious snacks and little bottle water as well. So get with the real weight loss program. Now some drastic or crazy diet regimen. Something that will really watch, hopefully you'll watch the weight just fly off your body. Let balance for life take care of you by calling me 954 56683229 954 56683229 or get more info on their website. If you like it, balance for life.com. My life is local. We're sports video 5662 and you weigh in. Fred, get very fresh. We're in Fred. The sun's so strong, we'll try to put me down and say, we have a lot of communication. I tell him right away, now live in here, so take care of my show. Did someone want an imagination? All the way, give a dollar for two games to me. I'll do a massage. I just play you with the view of the stars. Be very assured. I'm not surprised. I'm getting too much. I'm not surprised. Be very assured. I knew it's called down. Okay, I've brought it and go. It's your info. I wear it everywhere. I go round the other A.Z. A.Z. But I'll go watch the day. So be true to your show. I'm surprised. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I've sorry. Yeah. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. My sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Oh, now see you today. Oh, son of an Latin favorite son, Saad, is taking over the family business. Funny business, that is. Oh, shut up, he said you were saying, bet. And where is that no good meat, serving son of mine? You called up. I'll keep hearing the family. If like something you've seen before. Oh, boy, some of mom's don't read. Whether you're going to do it. Eat the great savings and dad's in hand. He's a little pop. Just build up my strength for the geod. I think he's not feeling out. Been said blowing at them. When the son of a jack will get the son of his own, he'll wear it in shoes on Alcatel in the family. Only on Alcatel, just a TV land. All right, dot vinyl segment with wild famous Bino Cook. Let's go to early in Melrose Park. Dad, I like it. Yeah, Bino. Hey, would you take on him, hurry, King? Oh, well, well, they could pose a threat this season. Yeah, yeah. If they're strong enough, they could have a potential to blow to blow your house down. I think you meant college, Dean Bino. Oh, yeah. Yeah. That I think you're right. But, but, but, but, but, but, but they'll be wearing panties under their uniforms this season. But other than that, I don't know. I, I, I, I, I, I, I just, I think I forgot. Spiking an efficiency. Your up would be no good. I do good. Good. Yeah. Yeah. Fine. Fine. I thought that's good. Bino Cook. I want to know what your take is on the Rollsbow, Arnold Bowl, Finger Bowl, toilet bowl, and off the yesterday bowl. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry. I, I, I, I, I just fell down a bit. This phone gets heavy. You want to know about the festival. Well, you know, I, I had a, a fee as per, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And, oh, an old smoke deal. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Body, a body, new in 53. Had a clock in the steering wheel. Yeah. Yeah. Fiking, Traelefock is day zero up with Bino. Hey, Bino. Bino. Yeah. Yeah. That suit was much, much too cold. I mean, no. You think my last brain around on me goes Aberverse for this. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Because you know, you know, my wife went down on many men until she eventually went down on the Titanic. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Now with a swing cruise, you know. That ain't how I liked it, Bino. Oh, you're right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I, I'm just stupid. Where, when it comes to that, you know, I just don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks, Bino. Oh, you're right. I could never. It's just, you know, I have these, these, these, those, those are the blooming out of my ass. Gee, thanks for being nice to me today, Mo. Yeah. Those mentioned it's called these. You're not going to get great to get today, I am Mo. Yeah. You know why? Why that? Oh, because, rates not funny, but I ain't going to be a mean man normal. If they think that's funny, it's fine, Bino. Wow. You really changed you way? If I get about it, I turn over all no big Newton leaves. You have a nice day of power, nice, my ugly friend. Hey, Mo. Look out for that truck! I'm going to get a job. Mo, look like a chateless pile of gold. You, you. There's your my respect. I told you. I wasn't even told before that bastard. Who's to my juice? I don't want to say I'm glad. Outside of Bino, there's the old Jimaki wasn't there. It's the Mahaya. Oh, how are they just said to the little girl? Oh, how are they just said to the little girl? Oh, how are they just said to the little girl? Oh, how are they just said to the little girl? Oh, how are they just said to the little girl? And no, it's the continuing episode of Beaver and Butthead. That's cool. Look, I'm stroking my wiener. Yeah. I know that feeling. Oh, I got you feel pretty good, I'll be here for sure. Two next episode when Butthead hangs out with Beaver's mom. But you fart? Yes, I did. Now, nice too. Ha ha ha. Hmm. Double, you want to stop who you say? Even though no one will back us. Part two tell which one is more insane. When it whips the sardies who attack us. Double, you have to finish that pie blind. That is losing his patience. Order the troops you go give up their lives. For the world big and gas stations. The pride time that all comes, why try it? The lives that we'll be lost can't buy it. There's more importance things to do. What the hell is wrong with you? Double, you have to stop who you say? Now, raise five by color, cry. Except for your foot is at hand-bond. She can get by from thunder, these are the right. Because she works for shabby. Tower and be, you have that tick-chany. Think for four of my blindness, a good sign. But leaders from all around the world are free. You're a fountry, re-tard. The pride time that all comes, why try it? The lives that we'll be lost can't buy it. There's more importance things to do. What the hell is wrong with you? Double, you have to stop who you say? Except for your vision. Double, you've just done it. Say, now you're saying, I'm so bloody in the future. Here's your brand, honey. Man again, it tastes so crappy. You know, I'd give my immortal soul for a brand that tastes good. I heard that. The hell is a board of the underworld? Where are you doing here? I heard you're not eating your fiber Bob. Perhaps you'd like to try a new be-al-zebran. What's so great about be-al-zebran? Well, one bowl of be-al-zebran has all the fiber you'll need to keep regular. But the best part is it tastes great. Wow! Besides, if you don't eat your fiber, your bowels will claw the floating meat. You're a test of the food, transverse, television, beard, shish, fulf. Okay, okay, I get the points. So, I'll eat my brain. There's a good fellow. Thanks, O Desolate One. There's no problem. And now, about your immortal soul, Bob. The elder Bob? I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. Be-al-zebran. Because good health shouldn't cost you your soul. I'm just kidding. Oh, you've been spreading the transverse water. Oh, look at that rip and sushi in the air. Oh, you've been spreading the transverse water. Oh, you've been spreading the transverse water. Be-al-zebran. And that's great. Oh, look at the surface from the red. But that movie looks so phenomenal. Look at this, everyone has a strong level of burning noise. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. My bad proud name is rather. Breaking this way, Bob. I won't lose it control. Oh, sushi. Feel like a ghost in that. To the revenge to win out my soul. I've got a little bit more leg of fire. My ass will feel like a fire. And I feel just like a challenge for burn and roll. I've got a fireman roll. I've got a rip. I've got a rip. I always got to make sure not to step on the lines. Don't step on a man who have to throw away the shoes. It's 11 p.m. 11 at 5.60 WC. Where this worked out well half and a half. Right. First half of the show. I know where some good stuff. Give the information that we got as weak as it is on the election. It was like it makes the numbers up if you like, but we ain't got nothing. Not new. The bride is still about 19,000 votes ahead. The gay rights, uh, the feet. Not going to happen. They counted. Nothing to feed for those born again Christians. Those good moralists. But it was a closer than it should have been. Thanks of course in large part almost entirely to the Cubans. Like any shape or would say, it was Cubans. So you better get your act together. Okay. All you cubanos out there including George. What? Like I said 12 and a half year ago. So, so, and like I said, the first two hours we're going to, we did, you know, the usual stuff. And now from now on a clock will play bits. Excellent. My feeling is, call me crazy. I was even chuckling during that. But if I can give people a few chuckles today, that'll be a public service. I'm not, and there's nothing we can do on a show. First of all, we couldn't even take calls that we wanted to because we were a technical joke. We couldn't take phone calls. Secondly, I don't want to hear anybody out of the asshole. Oh, God bless America. I don't want to hear that. And thirdly, what are we going to add that you, you know, can't get on NBC or CBS. She, this thing that you facts me about how, um, which I'll use tomorrow. The best memorial is genuine freedom. Yes. And after World War II after Pearl Harbor, uh, year later they didn't celebrate. So the reason that we have to have this stuff now is because of the 24 hour news networks. That's why we've got it. You do understand that they've reshaped the way everything happened. Of course for their convenience. So they've got to have some events to cover. So we got events. Hey, speaking of an event. How about that crappy job you're working there right now. That you're very dissatisfied with. You don't even have two nickels to rub together. If you want to start making some real money in the computer business, here's the way to do it. You heard me tell you about the large number. Great jobs that are out there waiting for you. How do you get there? How do you find a school to train you for it? Well, there's only one student school. It's got four convenient locations all over Dayton, Broward. One, it's got certified Microsoft instructors convenient day evening in that we can classes. There's one school. It's got full time job placement to farm with over 30 years experience with a school. You can complete your program. Get certified in just four short months. It's hands on training. And that, of course, we're talking about fast train. Todd Records, I got all about it. If I, what we're going to start doing when we do this spot from now on. We'll give their number. I will give his home number two and his cell phone number and his bookies number as well. That's right. You heard us talk for a long time for a couple of years now about fast train. Stop listening and start doing. Get off your butt pick up the phone call fast train and get yourself under a real career and a really fat big paycheck. Call fast train. 1, 8, 6, 6, fast train. That's 1, 8, 6, fast train or check them out on the web at fast train.com. My life and look all this is 4, 25, 65. That's a good way. Yeah. WC, yeah. WC, yeah. Yeah, is this a newspaper? Yes. I would like to run an ad. Yeah. For tomorrow's paper. Ah, it's possible. It's possible. Maybe you'd be interested. Maybe. Okay. Well, I'm thinking of my nuts on your chin. You what? I'm thinking of my nuts on your chin. You're nuts on my chin. Yeah. That's right. That's interesting, I had it. I've never thought of it. Yeah. Yeah. Mine nuts on your chin. Any interest? Yeah. Really? Yeah. Mine nuts on your chin. Interesting. What's in reference to it? Mine nuts on your chin. You're nuts on my chin. Walnuts. I got a nut farm. But it's... I'm gonna... It's a... It's a... It's a... It's a... It's a... It's a... It's a... It's a... It's a... It's a... It's a... It's a... It's a... It's a... It's a... It's a... It's a... It's a... It's a... It's a... It's a... It's a... It's a... It's a... It's a... It's a... It's a... Youmerzyzyzyzyzy Where she is, but the top two, top two, top two, I'll give her the other. That's a bad idea, I'll hear your ear, I'll hear her all the other day. Well-beat, it's good but the part with that you click shit, And AG, I'll hear her all the other day. EVWobble, bubble, bubble, puppet, bubble, Text Wave, Gimme, bubble, bubble, bubble, bubble, Movie, em-ebbble, nasty, That's an�비ol. It's a bad idea, I'm a friend of mine ready on the other day and cut uncle Neoprogram whatever was and it is still the thing I've ever heard in my life. If the children were around it's horrifying of surprises, but you see you let that go on the air. I've heard other complaints about it even from the from the health care. I wish I rectify that and do something about it. No need to be taking guard's name and vain. And it's gratifying women. Well, how about you and Neoprogram? Thank you very much. So, I've heard of you and Neoprogram. So, I've heard of you and Neoprogram. So, I've heard of you and Neoprogram. So, I've heard of you and Neoprogram. So, I've heard of you and Neoprogram. So, I've heard of you and Neoprogram. So, I've heard of you and Neoprogram. So, I've heard of you and Neoprogram. So, I've heard of you and Neoprogram. So, I've heard of you and Neoprogram. So, I've heard of you and Neoprogram. So, I've heard of you and Neoprogram. So, I've heard of you and Neoprogram. So, I've heard of you and Neoprogram. So, I've heard of you and , Neoprogram. So, I've heard of you and Neop reduper. So, I've heard of you and Neoprogram. How did you start? How did you begin? I've heard of you and Neoprogram. How did you begin? I heard a commercial on your station yesterday about one o'clock in the afternoon. Something about a voice would speak out if someone approaches your automobile and a voice of a big black something or other would come out and say get away from my automobile or you're too close to my automobile you big M.F. I object seriously to profanity like that on the radio and I object to the profanity and that type of advertising. I believe in free speech but that's too far. If I don't hear with reference to this complaint from you, I will send a letter to the federal communications commission because no kind language is certainly not acceptable on public radio. It might be alright between individuals, not on the radio. You can call me back on the eIS, eN. Car theft is on the rocks in America, a car is stolen every 12 seconds. What can you do to protect your car and expensive car alarms system won't protect your car from being stolen. The club won't protect the valuables inside your car but a big black guy named Ben Can. For less than you'd pay for an expensive car alarm system and even less than you'd pay for the club, you can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile. You'd away from the car mother fucker. It's simple to use. Just leave the big black guy named Ben in your car whenever you get out and he does the rest. Whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car Ben simply gets out of the car and tells them. You'd away from the car mother fucker. Listen to these testimonials from people who use a fake black guy named Ben. It's always nice to have someone to ride with although he really doesn't say much just. You'd away from the car mother fucker. That's about it. I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with. It got him to protect my car. This is the best investment I've ever made. My name is it isn't that great. There have been a lot of cars left. I can't tell you how many times I've heard. You'd away from the car mother fucker. Knowing that I've got a big black guy named Ben protecting my car. Let's be sleep better as I. Call now 1-800-1 big guy. That's 1-800-1-B-I-G-G-U-I. And instead of hearing this. You'll hear this. You'd away from the car mother fucker. Oh, Jeff Rimmall. If old Jeff Rimmall the cuck must be flying. Call now the show is silent. We just got rolling and now all the spoilers are gone. Hey, let me ask you something. Did you know it's fall? Yeah, it's that time you really got to clean up the neighborhood. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, sure you do. You got leaves piling up and sometimes you got some bigger than leaves you got to get rid of. That's when you need some panels. Leave them body bags. From the same family that made it same from Holland Trash, Rats and soop pigeons all over Jersey. Okay, throw me there when he had a daddy. Hey, these industrial stuff bags are sturdy. The whole thing. They come leaves to the lens. And ain't not for none night walking about treeling. You know, that's the wall. So, franos leaf and body bags. Then I don't only leak through. They're completely self-proof. What? Well, almost. They fall. Give me that shovel. We don't want to run through. Anyways, like I was saying, you had a problem. We got a solution. So, franos leaf and body bags. The bag that'll make your artwork around your house. Oh, real hit. It's getting there. Hit him again. This Sunday, all the sopranos. So what? No fucking needy now, but hey, well, mate. So, my f***. It's just this. It comes to prozac. You'll take the lift over the tent. Total f***ing poop. You know, motherf***ing poop. You've got a real f***ing attitude from. But you're taking me off f***ing head. The words become blowing out your race. Pretty sure I'm getting a chubby. There's two things I'm good at. It's pulling fence. It's spotting good f*** jobs. I might not be able to avoid my own ass. You know that. You're born to the f***ing. I'm not babbling it in. Can you just sh*** up with that? Just kick it up your ass. Now, we're cutting the f*** off. Get yourself under the vapor riser. You're stupid motherf***ing, you know that? You f***ing piece of f***ing shit. Oh, I'm pleased. So, I'm stark with that name, doesn't it? What the f*** is your problem? More, don't f***ing annoyance with the pole. I bet you're very good to your mother. F***ing ass. F***ing ass. What? F***ing you. Are you f***ing with me? Don't f***ing be a bitch. Get your nuts and butt up. I'm wrecking some of the gills. Yeah, it's gross. How you doing? No thing. Get your money, God. I can't eat that. It's got cholesterol. Can I just get some macaroni and gravy. F***ing you. F***ing you. F***ing you. F***ing me. I don't like that kind of talk. Everybody else want to mow off? F***ing piss. I'm going to bokeh. I think, uh, I'm partly inspired as fair-watching that show, you know? I don't know your nuts. I might be. I might have put me over the edge. 287 votes on our pull. By the way, any new results on the election? No. I'm just, it's almost noon. Why am I so stupid? You know, why am I so nice? I'm just even if something is going to happen on that. I'm going to sit here glued to this till water clock. Nothing is going to change. Nothing is going to happen. They're like, you know, they're still trying to revive the dead people. Just long enough to put their finger on it. 288 votes on our pull. If the election for Governor Wilming Hill today, who would you vote for? Bill McBride, 175, 61% for Billy. Oh, who's got that slim lead against old Janet, shaky old Janet? Uh, yeah, 175 for McBride, 57 for Jim Boestet, a little more than 3-1, you know that? And neither want him to 55. 55 people who are disgusted were to hold the empty thing. And after yesterday, who's held can blame him? A display of an attitude seldom seen in the history of the subhuman race. 26 past 11 at 5. 60 WQA. If you want to feed your best here's a product that certainly can help you do it. Older you'll mad. Older you'll mad is a soft gel catch. The love contains all kinds of good stuff in there. Pharmaceutical grade, Olegor, number one, combined with vitamins and minerals and rules to promote health for your prostate. Your heart, like I said, your blood pressure, your cholesterol. They've got supplements to promote health and your circulatory system, your digestive, your endocrine system. Your skin, your bones, even your mind, all using the benefits of super Olegor, the best amount of combined of course. For centuries, man's known that olive oil is some pretty damn good stuff. And Olegor, man, makes products for men and women as well. Only meant to be able to all over town, fix them up today while you're thinking about it. At Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, Navarro Pharmacy and Sedano is in start poppin it. And of course, if you want to get more information about it, just call their toll free number. And they'll explain the luck in detail what Olegor, man, does. By the way, how's my friend, Skippy? Do a nice job, Skippy? Call 1-866 Olegor, man. That's 1-866 Olegor, man. No matter check them out on the web, if you like it, all you might America.com. My life and love all this is 4-2055. You way too way, yeah. Run. Absolutely. Ladies and gentlemen, this is Rainbow Forward 5. Oh, you. The John Rainbow Stiller Live. I want to make movies for five. My life and going great plan to Hollywood's broke. On 4-20烈, I speak like I had a stroke. First board came in 82. That's when I heard my penis ended never ever grew. Rambo 2 was an 85-late. Rambo 3 was an 88. Show it. And you're a liar. And you're a liar. I did not make this movie with my son. He didn't even say, she was in Rocky 5 and daylight. The tunnel movie. A little big cash is what I mean. I got to get a rope from the power crease. I got to have a lot of love and movie. Or Broadway show like another thing. I get to buy a list of cop-lin. And we're still doing it. I guess I understand. My whole life is about to cave in. All I got left is General Blossom Life in. Let me the gentlemen. I need to make Rambo 4 and 5. So, I got to call me up. I really need a script. I can do dialogue or keep it zip. They like comedy. Action. And venture. And drama. The only thing I will undergo is having sex with a llama. So give me a break. For goodness sake. I used to be an opera. Now I can't get on Ricky Lake. Right now I got a one man challenge. I'm going to keep saying basically on the bottom point. You see. I got a little bit of cash. What I mean. I got a little from the Paulo Crane. I got to have a number of people in the movie. Or a Broadway show like better means. I get to know what I have to talk to. I'm playing with it. It was stupid. So I understand. My whole life is about to cave in. All I got left is General Blossom Life in. Let's fly, ladies and gentlemen. I need to make Rambo 4 and 5. I need to make Rambo 4 and 5. I need to move. I'm so moved. We got one more free thing. Oh. Ah. The way I move around when I go to. I got the number movement number 2. I'm so excited. I swing and swing. To the mama beach. The radio play. What? No ring out on the road. And I'm all through. There's just one thing. I got the tool. I didn't mean to say better, so I can make my eye. I need to make my eye. Nice and clean. Reckless. I don't have to push. I'm in control when I move inside the side. I'm not deployed at both. I never have to spray. It's come loud holes. It looks really light. It looks too zero. I sway through the left. It's way through the right. It's working. It's being seen again. I'll tell you why. Not only are you burning calories. I never ever get a big red ring. That's why it's right guy. You can't use the exercise. You can have some fun. When they get into a bomb, open up or two. I'm going to make an hour. I'm going to the man. Come on, George. I'm going to the way with him. Shut up and talk. I'm going to the man. I'll cut off. Don't go to bed. If it wasn't that jump to her head. No, no. Don't do it. Don't go away. Don't do the crime. If you're not good at lying. No, no. You can't go away. When there's no, I'll abide. Pay. Don't sweat it. Don't go away. You can blame everything on the power. Leave it on the white earth. Don't let her go. You're covered. No, no. Don't let her go. Stop it. You have a fort and you must think that play is crucial. Acts are at the 9 formation. That means, from my fan to point there, Jake like a letter. I kind of like the Juntae-le-vance. That's got to be the most freaking practice thing I've heard. I've been the second-door-e-in. And lately, the outcome of this game is invariably contingent on how adroitly they do what they think. Are you watching me? I'm watching the dude right now. We're now at the time for a transcendent mid-game interview. So, Pinky, are you happy? I hate doing the Q&A again, and I had it up to T with your show. Up to T! Alright, Fortman, don't think. We're in a critical situation. Great, need this field, though. If they expect to win the state. And they call it timeout. So, let's go to the boat, shall we? Where's Teddy and Gollyas City? Let me know. What do you say? You're a great game-hower. Thanks. You take on the morally. Well, if you ask me. And do you mind if we call the game-hier? Why, or what? It's a mesh of field goals. Oh, well. And let's go to our sideline report, then. Take it away, Gollyas. Ah, it's a ball! And if the pressure is basic goal-culting, that's not. And if that's held down, what if the paint has to cure? That's you, Howard. Ah, yeah. I have about all I can check in this. What are you talking about? Sit down and shut up. Are you a see-brish hand? Yes. I'm going to take this hand and crush your head like a peanut. You want me to kiss your ass? I don't kiss nobody. Mmm! You're a good catcher, Hedgehog. Be a good pig. I'll have you fire, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop. Whoa! Whoa! You noticed that on the, every one of the mob it's your summer-fren style, have you fired? I guess that's just a coincidence. It's, uh, and by the way, we got one more precinct like I've blurted out. Oh! Aren't you excited? Uh-huh. At that rate by, uh, let's see, December 14th, 2007, we'll know who the he was going to run against you at Bush. Uh, I hope, I hope that not hallucinating. Wasn't the number 65-26, but I can't go in. 65-26. Right. Now it's 65-27. Oh, right. Yeah, totally, we got one more. So, and I, I didn't bother looking enough because I don't want to get distracted here and get like off the, off the whole deal. But I have a feeling that's that last precinct from Palm Beach. I know it's not from Dave, because there's no change in the day numbers. And it could be from Barbara. I have a feeling it's the last one on Palm Beach. They finally got that last one counted. And Dave and, uh, wow! Still nothing. Still a day late in 70,000 votes here. So the actual total, Bill McBride, 596-551, 596,051,551, and Janet, she be having 577-437 for virtual Janet. So there's a difference in 19,114. That McBride's ahead. Got that? Got it. 19114. And the tension is building, you could like cut it with your toenail. We'll have another precinct before the day is out. 20-till noon at 560-WDQMVIPsportsbook.com is a name that ought to ring us a lot of bells. Can you ring me a bell? Because VIP, there you go. That's the only sportsbook endorsed by all the industry watched our group since 1996. We got a copy crisis by the way. Of course, on this day, on the anniversary of 9-11, nobody's going to pay any attention to that, are they? No. On a solemn day like this, today pay attention to what you yesterday. No. No, because yesterday was the day leading up to this. The casino times news recent issues says you can look what you just won't find. A better sportsbook than VIPsportsbook.com. How'd you enjoy hearing any again, by the way? Always takes me back. But maybe you're looking for more than just a world-class book that offers you 24-hour VIP service and the safety of a leader. How about the highest parlay odds you're going to find anywhere up to 2001 minimum bets of only five bucks and free withdraws 24 hours a day and a 15% cash bonus added to your first deposit. And this isn't some jungle book located like in the south of the little Havana. This is Duskface VIPsportsbook.com where you're treated with cash and your money is safe. Sign up online and get you a 15% cash bonus added to your account or column toll free if you like. Add 1-866 VIP bets. That's 1-866 VIP VETS. Easy to get started just top online. Go to VIPsportsbook.com and don't forget when you sign up online. You get yourself that 15% cash bonus. Vio winner at VIPsportsbook.com or you are the VIP. I don't know if this is 5-666. There is only yours. You win. Come on, I'm so safe. Enjoy yours now. From the makers of tickle me Elmo. It's the all new take that thing out of me Elmo. Mom Elmo's taking my temperature with his hand. The new take that thing out of me Elmo and coming soon the vibrating Elmo. Mom, I think I'm falling in love with Elmo. Wow, oh! In toy stores now. Wow, oh! I'm straight in. You've been down the wall and it's nothing but me. Stop faded. If it's anywhere, it's got a far more than I can see. The market's just a bear in the end. Gotta say that I'm reviving you. I'm gonna say the five-stroke, a reviving you. You turned the market faded and recovery is overdue. I'm the agent. My current memories with you soon, I put the pencil in. So, I said, I can no longer be because you see my prospect with all me. But still I've taken 23. I'm now faded. I'm found in it too. Oh, and I've got to keep my deep melody in with you. Yeah, I'm so A, you, you, you. But I can still keep rocking you. Man, my car is so dirty and I've got to meet an important client this evening. Well, just take it to a car wash. You know, I don't really like you because those machines scratch the paint job. I'm not talking about any car wash. I'm talking about sparkle clean. The only place in town to get a hand job. They give hand job there? Not any hand job, but the best hand job in town. And it's all done while you wait. I love a good hand job. Then you'll love sparkle. With every five hand job, you get a free looping. So, when you need to feel like a million bucks, get a loop in a hand job from sparkle clean. We're the best. Oh, yeah, you are. You're the best. I just think you can watch the car too. We're doing things that we do. We're on you. We got to work. This is it now. Hey, cool. Pick up the beat. Pick up the beat. Pick up the beat. Pick up the beat. It's not the same kind of job. It's not the same kind of job. Okay, cool. Let's get with it. Looks like we've got another mystery on it. We'll shoot up. We'll take the girls this way. And yeah, I know. And she'll be a meal over the other way. Cool. Cool. Hey, silly. Find the glue. There's a piece there too. We'll have them come in. Yeah. That's it. Let's go. I think it's girl thing. I think it's girl thing. I think it's girl thing. Girl thing. Girl thing. I really I think it's girl thing. I think it's girl thing. You should have won. You're gonna make it to you. Girl thing. Guys, really. This is a girl we did for a NFL. Yeah. What if you try to get something on it and send a mic. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Just try to do it again. I don't know. I don't know. Just try to do it again. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Just try to do it again. I don't know. It's moving control. Just stand on the floor. Okay. Okay. I think it's all right. Hey, stupid. Hi, Paul. I'm a telephone. Oh, shit. Do the whole year so. Come on, Jack. Let's dance. Let's go. Wait a minute. I think I found the clue. Why? I think I'm gonna get him in the bathroom. Maybe. Not even us. We're almost. We're almost. Shoot. Go, Scooby-go. You know we got a mystery. The problem to be doing you better. You're not acting. Don't roll back. It's gonna be you and you come through. You've got to have it. That was the movie. Yeah. Let's go, be set. Hey, Sco. Pick up the beat. I'm thinking this mystery is pretty cool. It's being saw. I think Scooby-go tried to let me get in. Playantespeercуляor.unintelligible are coming. All the way from Walt House. Jump, jump, jump, jump, jump, jump. I think I'm justاء paths in the group. My wife thinks you're doing it though.rarueромay. really dragged me in a hundred thousand dollars. No, no, no, no, no, no. Notあっ to where you're going from. John記得? It's the same as daddy and you're done with it. See. You can go for me playing the track. There are three kids. What are you doing? Try to take it, aim it. Try to take it, aim it. Try to take it, aim it. You're not big, I'm breathing. What on about to stick? What about you, just to the NFL? Who's the damn on it? Who's just having fun, buddies? Who's always a steer? And why don't they get helpers? Who's red, red, golden and fun? And you may see me, I have no soul. But it's big, giving my all. Let's lose my sadness. And I'll never, though, then, fall. Who's just having fun? Who's just having fun? Who's just having fun? There are all bad things. You know, I'm a steer, thinking, aiming, I'm trying to take it, aim it. Try to take it, aim it, aim it. Try to take it, aim it. Try to take it, aim it. Try to take it, aim it. Try to take it, aim it. Let's do it. Welcome back to the Mohawateman Show. The Chuck Fuller Zainee, but good clean family fun. You know, that pipe smolkin just goes like, thinks rap is funny. Is that funny? Plains crash in the buildings is funny too, huh? What? What? Since when is gang rape funny? Especially when it's me getting my deep-ergrip. What a jackass. Hey, how about the Nuri key? I'm in a local tap there, so when I talk, this is important. They don't know comedy. I'll show them comedy. Today I brought my collection of Laman Abnateats. On the map now, you're more on. They even name the restaurant after lump. Ah, yeah, foolish muck. Look at back there, later. Right now, it's time for our transcendent mid-show snack. Bring the morning mayor his food. Woo! Ah, here they are. My favorite place to die. I go to Bokka. Dig in a very buddy. What is it, shrimp? Looks like a donut. Thoughts of the vain embryos from plant-parenthood But it's good. I tell you. Try it with the cocktail sauce. Hey, hey, beast. We'll play that Alice Cooper racket. Okay. Dad, baby. Dad, don't let this be a boy yet. It'll help they go down the collect. The heck, maybe I've really dig that Alice Cooper seat. I'm with it. I'm here. I'm a headstow man. I'm a little bit hungry. Could these folks only know what was good? Yeah. The rest of them are sensitive. They're going to fall at this. Thanks, ma'am. All right. Oh, we got the meat head-matte dog coming up at one. Followed by that fat jewel right after the quay and the spritz. What's that? It's a play. It's a play. Good boy. It's headed right for your ass, ma'am. I'm done with. Um, my son was watching your program. On the, um, on the way on my Emmy, the date was the, um, 15. And, um, I don't like to know if just some kind of anti-crice or something. Because not my son wants to worship the devil because he thinks he's cool. And he also wants to just as ladies and then holistic are now. I don't know if the whole 10 or 69 is the anti-crack channel. Um, please, I'm really concerned. And I would like to know if you're the anti-crack. Thank you. And please, if I see you somewhere, I wouldn't even stop and give you water. Because you'd know you turned right on until a baguette. And you made my son serve the anti-crack. Thank you. And I have a nice day. Yes, I am. And as Rosie, please go away. I didn't do way to attack the baguette. And eat your whole holes. Until you explode. Just like your fat fat chud and ladies. Have to fight you see none of blame. Spending your fingers that have yellow stain from these holes. And see your tools. After piggy poo gones. Perhaps it'd be fat disgusting and tasty. Oh, hey. You make this a little bit win this smile. They like the gow who's spread their fancy. Think smelly, bad soul, you pulse of a mouth. Your body cheese smells like a cracker. After it was occupied by head past 30 to chew on to get into your car. Dutters you got him wild. On a can squeal. On a can squeal. On a can squeal fat lady. It's in with your numberless beans. Lover in the start of the tree between the meat. That's what they do. Spill fishy to me. That's enough but to an enclosed dead baby baby. Back with any use. Right a lot of time too. I love it. Anyway, I'm checking. I'm looking. We still have that one more precinct. I'm thinking between now and the next 20 years. We can have like another precinct. Well, there's postponing election. Maybe that's what Jeb is counting on. We can't find the dead people. But we just want to have a winner in the Democratic primary. So we'll post both of the few years. In the Sunson website. It's just kind of sitting there. See most websites on real newspapers. Like in Boston, Globe. They have a thing Boston dot com. And you click that on. And they got like updated news throughout the day. Do they have them? No. Once in a great while you'll see on the Sunson. It'll say new and red. New. Like here's a new story. Can you believe it? No. So far. Let's see. The system criticized this stage of all over again. Let me just click the one thing. Votals. Because I really don't have time. Votals. There we go. Same old crap. Hey, speaking of same old crap. How's time direct to him? Have you heard the news about the 3.95% mortgage? It's true. If you were thinking about it. Well, stop thinking. Do something smart. Don't be like to direct. Be smart. Because now is the smart time to purchase a home. Or we find that you're existing. Home at the unbelievable. Unbeatable. Or rate of just 3.95%. If you have a 7.5% mortgage. 3.95% rate would save you over 3.5% or over 3.5% or over 3.5% 100 bucks. The first year alone on 100,000 dollar mortgage. Don't make things hard. Make them easy for yourself. I pick it up. That instrument and calling financial group. 1.809 for O.L.E.N.D. That's 1.809 for O.53. 3.63. Getting you a mortgage someplace else will cost you thousands of dollars each year. Think of all the money you're going to save when you have a 3.95% mortgage. Financial groups help thousands of people just like you. But you're financing in the best possible position by getting yourself. 8.3.95% mortgage. Financial group today right now. 1.809 for O.53. That's 1.809 for O.53. There are an equal housing lender. Credit restrictions do apply and don't forget rates are subject to change. If you wait 2.5. If you wait 2.5. 4.5.6. You wait. You wait. If you wait. If you wait. Whenever I'm in town, I listen to wait a minute. I am in town. It's the 12th of Wren hour. S- And now, on the campaign trail with George W. Bush. Today, America's candidate addresses the United Workers and self-carolina's turbine town factory. Right in there here in Nevada. Staff, Carolina Nevada. I want to be your president because I can relate to the ignorant blue collar worker. Don't say that. The ignorant worker all over the world. Hey, Bush. What are you now about working? I've never had worked today in my entire life. And smooth, silky, palm-o'la, you're soaking in. Let's go to the next question. Yo, mate! Ah, yes, sir. Yeah, well, you're going to go out and mount one of us. Good question. In person, substance in the tip. Marijuana legalization. No. Absolutely not. Cocaine. Yes. BCP. Arrowing. Probably. My bitch, which, inphetamines. Without a doubt. Without a doubt. Without a doubt. Not. Not. What are you going to do for the black man? Thanks for asking. First thing I'd like to do. See me one up close. Not too close. No touching. Perhaps maybe get a watch, what? Can I get a watch, what? Turned to me, Bush. Thank you very much. We got to go. Turned to me. Oh, you got to go. Oh, you got to go. Oh, you got to go. Oh, you got to go. Oh, man. I ain't never going to get any. Oh, man. I ain't never going to get any. Oh, man. Oh, man. I ain't never going to get any. Oh, man. You gotta go already. You came here andгаim frameworks. You're supposed to find someone with a few... See, Valera. She reached down the road my nose and it came alive. She said she'd do me twice. You were an extra five. You were an extra five. You were an extra five. There was a dime. There was a dime for an extra five. Oh, got about it. I know she loved the flavor by the looking around. And she said things return the favor on jippin' her fly. I can't let her know by the hair on her thigh. My man, she hit it. It was a guy. It was a guy. It was a guy. It was a guy. Look at that. I like to take his nuts and put them in a bite. She crushed me, run you. Where's Danny? I'm gonna do it. She went, you need a bite. On a club bus. I got a touch, her hip hop. I can't really pass by a transverse tie. I'm a, you hit it. I beat up the guy, I beat up the guy. I beat up the guy. He had a cold. That's a, that's a, that's a, that's a. Rolling off the plate. He's a, that's a. Oh, that's a, that's a, that's a, that's a. I'm, that's a, that's a, that's a, that's a. I was gonna clean my room. I was gonna clean up and find the room. But then I got a. Oh, that's my room. You messed up. And I know why. Why, man. Hey, because I got a. You feel like I got a. You feel like I got a. I was gonna go to class before I got a. Come on. You're gonna. I could've cheated and I could've paid. But I got a. Oh, uh. I'm taking a next room. And I know why. Why. Because I got a. Because I got a. Because I got a. I was gonna go to court. You. You. Oh, my god. I was gonna pay my child support. But then I got a. No, you would. Yeah. I think. My whole paycheck. And I know why. Why. Hey. Because I got. Because I got. Because I got. I got. Not a, not a, not a, not a, not a. I wasn't gonna run from the cops. But I was. Oh, I'm serious. I was gonna pull right over and stop. But I was. Oh. I was. I was. Now I'm up here. Up. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. I was. I was gonna make love to you. You. You. I was gonna. I was gonna. You. You. Oh. I was. I was. Now. I'm. I got. A. I got. I got. Say. Oh. Oh. I got. Oh My. See. Oh. Me. I got. Ew. I got. Some landlord. Oh. Nice. Guys. Do we get another hour? No. You. All I got. Who do we get? I'm a star singing in the song Baby, baby, baby, I'm singing in the song Being wrong, you're a girl, I'm a girl Baby, baby, baby, I'm a girl Feelin' come, baby, I'm a world, baby Come on, come on, come on, come on Are you alive, or me? You really are alive, you're so stupid, you're wild Get your you with it, you can't even bother how it is Oh yeah, yeah, you too, well, go be up Have a good day of paradise, some game There I get lost, you're fuckin' a body You are a David Yeah, that's right, star stage screen and paradise Say, you look like what's jamblin' That's gozae, he's world jamblin' Yeah, but you're dead, sure you I can't behind the car, or what? Oh, why? I said, get get movin' what do you want to know What are you doing, what are you doing, hey, get movin' Here's what the merchandise is, free of you, what are you doing All right, go and put the smoke is down here in the garage What are you re-quying of me? I require you drop your pants, now, and I'll see here, right now I won't do that, drop your underwear, you like it, now bend old Okay, I'm gonna trunk it, that's nice Oh shit, bend old man, nah Yes, I'm gonna swing like a pink, swing like a green Swing, swing, swing, swing Say that's kinda nice, very nice I can move, great, we're going Don't I get a dinner? Well, Chamberlain, he raped Howard, BAAA He's got a lot of the old for the mafane The station that delivers, please set, dilapidate A delivering sweet kids, all weekend long You can qualify by winning video Because sets up the movie delivery We'll just use your time, we'll reach higher That you listen to the radio all weekend long Don't say a thing, the first The grand prize winner will be flown to Jolton, Georgia The first trip for two down the Kahuna wase river And the hoods and accommodations in Unablem tree It's easy to win Let's see this drop thing, we're still the rattle It's fun, but most of you can't cover Every time you hear net baiting, it's cool you're like a buster Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha We can't, no more weekend long Follow station that gets you away You're 95 They're back, your favorite Jewish rock and roll in the Spousey Band It's Russia, Shanna, with their famous tips album, Sukhop of the synagogue My world, I've been doing a business with ever baby I've been my life, my life, my life Yes, Russia, Shanna and I, as we formed Bring you 12 kosher types of hoppin Hebrew iTunes That's going, isn't good for you This album should be in every orthodot rockers' collection Rolling stone gives it five stars of David It's a wonderful day, bit in the day Who wrote the book of Jones Sukhop of the synagogue, you from Russia, Shanna and I Available in all record stores, we'll come to Russia when you get here Still pass over this album Heeeey Hey, we're going to request by facts, how do you like that? I like it I play one already and the other ones all queueed up Which I'm sure they like too An honor of our good close personal friend Jeff, don't go near the tea room high Because if you go near the tea room high Ha ha ha ha ha If you don't go in high, you'll probably come out Hi, believe me, especially if he just vacated Staked it, the premises Oh, that hole keeps getting deeper and deeper See what I mean? 343 votes on the pool on our pool And by the way, no more votes But they just decided that's it It's kind of like a holiday It's crazy, just insane Here it is, it's after noon And not only that, but there's like I'm going to have to check that the AP wire thing And maybe somebody like outside of South Florida Might be in Krizid after to find out what those going on And where is the rest of the votes? And what's going on in date and what is going on there? They still have like 180 precincts on counted And then they're all all in date and If as far as I can see and McBrack And you know that last day, one precinct they tacked on? Yes. He gained about 12 votes. He picked up. So I don't know what that means, but there you are Anyway, our poll 343 votes were asking If the election for governor being held They assume they of course that the McBrack wins Which is Pushing Go. Who would you vote for? Bill McBrack 202. Oh, it just changed again. Like I said, Bill McBrack 206 Neither 72 and jab bush 71. Neither is beaten jab bush. I like that. Oh, right. Hey, let me tell you something else you like And that's all your men. And I don't want to think she's going to start doing I think what she's going to do is like put all the spots Back to back. You know what I mean? Okay. In fact, maybe we should have done that today Just all spots all day and what was that deal about Wow, QAM is a running a much lighter commercial load Are we running a lighter? No. Not really. Do you see any difference? Nope. I don't know what they're talking about. Well, I just want to jump out of bad wagon And show up that everybody's cheap channel A bit better than we are and it's when they better We want to be there right with Disney is what we want. You know, we want to be like what usually are. We just want to guide them money. We don't have any scruples on this station. We just want to money. And just like that PD over a kiss said, you know, kiss this Is nobody said Bob whatever his name is Barnett. I forgot. And what's that asshole with magic? What's his name? I forgot. Oh, brother the PD over there that's schmuck who likes the same Seven records over and over again. I think he's most brother and law. Anyway, here's a product that will keep you in good health No matter how hot, how unbelievable it gets out there And that's all you're meant. Only men is a soft gel castle. Good stuff inside of it. Olive oil, the best that you'll find anywhere along with the Vitamins and Minimumos and Robles and only a men makes a product For each different aspect of your health or for many of Many of them. They make a product for your prostate. One for your heart, your blood pressure, cholesterol. Maybe one for your elbow. But guess what? Now that I mentioned it, I've recited I've recited this is just about gone. How do you like that? Goodness. And it's good news. Only men also have supplements to grow health in your Circular Tourist System. Your digestive, your endocrine system, your skin and bones. Even your mind folks, not using the benefits of the best Olive oil you'll find like I said, Between here and the Italy. And only a men helps both men and women too. Between here and Spain. Only a men's available in Walgreens. Whole food markets to raw pharmacy and sedanos. Between here and Greece. Only my days do penis exciting effective new product. If you'd like to find out more about what it does, just call it toll free number. Because skip issue I can tell us. Call 1-866-OleoMed. That's 1-866-OleoMed. Where you can order their products and get more info on their website. OleoMedAmerica.com. This station stands for nothing. It's a 5-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6--6-6-6-6-6-6-5-6-6-6-6-6-6-8-6-7-6-6-6-6-6-7-6-6-7-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-8-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-3-6-6-5-6-6-8-6-6-6-6-6-8-6-6-2-6-6-6-5-5-6-5-7-5-6-5-6-6-7-6-6-6-8-6-6-6-7-10-4-9-10-1-6-8-9-6-6-6-3-6-6-9-9-6-6-6-7-6-6- I hope you're both so funny help me. Hey, how about you, Pat? You want to do me a thing? Oh, you're coming in please. Oh, you're so fine. I'm going to die. You'll see that I might do me a thing of power You come out. I'm not sure. Is there a port with some rounds? I'm out of here. So please, hey, maybe I can hide me a pin. Come on. Get up, my eyes. Come on, baby. You can't let me. You can't let me. I know, say please. Stop my eye. I'm talking to you. I'm kind of queer. Hey, sorry. My, nice knowing a high voice. Just remember to tell me your kid put your arms around the memory. I can't even put my arms around you. Stop. You're too old. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. You're too old. I think you're going to be. I feel like the finest portnight in the Poseidon's inch. But at least he got to look up the delicious even strike. The shot at my hips in a day. But she gave me an elbow at me. Oh, there. Well, you're made. Well, the way down the stairs. May I have your attention? This was a false alarm. It has been a real fire. We were not busy serving high-boy. The next album, Tailgate Party, everyone, back to your arms. Everyone, back to your arms. Fuck you, Pauy. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Oh yeah, I got that something. I'm making it in my plan. Yeah, you, I make it for it. And I'm your name, Blum. Yeah, I'm your name, Blum. Oh, Blum. Yeah, I'm your name, Blum. They seem so sweet to me. With their burn, little can. Right, don't live a boy. I need to be with me. Cause I'm an emblem. Why do you keep your eyes? Yeah, I'm an amblem. Yeah, I'm an amblem. Tailgate, don't keep it. I'll give you, can it? It'll rise. You can see it on my left hand. I will. Let you try. Let you try. Let you try. Get you, shake your mouth in. When you wear your little pants, don't tell. I'll live a little secret. Cause I'm your name, Blum. All right. Yeah, I'm your name, Blum. Yeah, I'm your name, Blum. And when I shower, I'll invite you. Inside. And when I touch your little parts, I get high. I get high. I get high. Oh, yeah, I got that something. I'm aching in my glass. Yeah, you, the naked boy. And I'm your name, Blum. Yeah, I'm your name, Blum. Yeah, I'm your name, Blum. Yeah, I'm your name, Blum. Yeah, I'm your name, Blum. Yeah, I'm your name, Blum. Going the way that maps to play. Not in English and free paid. True them free turns, sure, was bright. Just for the days. And we've now loaded it! Every turn from R.V.M. Mr. Wages, new one day that website would be condemned. Children need some days or tapes. Not depends on the way. She'd at sucks where you have to play. No, it's my day. Saturday night on CBS. Eat it, it's back from the day. It's the 20th anniversary of all in the family. Oh, rookie death. If we need John Jellowy. Daddy, don't be sick of her. She's now whatever happens to my little girl. Look at you. Why don't you push yourself away from the table? Maybe have a salad once in a while. Daddy, don't you know how many of the world's people have never had a decent meal? Again, with the charity she'll be on it. Well, it's true. Those why don't you send them the bones from the turkey. You had for breakfast. What a fool. Why can't you order this? Ah, hey, hey, hey, hey. If I told you it was pushing up days, you'd buy it. Oh, no, I can't. She's the last death of cell with whom a bitch. She seems so bad, you man. Look, who was it back to, Abby? Push the day off and give me another beat. Oh, wow! That's one of the number three of all in the family. Saturday night on CBS. Rock to you, but I be at home car sun and school. Where you can learn all of the comics. Done my plan. All that you guys will do is double. No new bones. Thanks. Welcome. Every time I ask you to get a job, I can't help noticing how much peace, Lord. All that you can't draw into the frame. It's like a dog, nothing else. We make a day of heart to judge. That's why George always thought he had no days of heart to judge. He wanted to tell the surface lies. He was born into money, but he's so goddamn dumb. Without him he would be a homeless, but hey, life of the party is always safe. Let's get into the cells full of a frame and a table car to judge. That's the reason. He's more clever than he has no days of heart to judge. I bought my chicken and the golden mine, that's all I've tried. I've seen you. Five-sickety WQAM presents the Moen Joe show. Meetings tank bad with our last failure. So we're going to try this now. At least we're consistent to get in touch with Moen Joe. Just yeah. What's the point? This is a how are they David? Welcome back to the Moen Joe show. So where do you know where Joe? Well it's nice to be here. You don't mind this. You're talking to our ship, fucking? Oh no, not at all. You're getting paid extra for this. Well they said they're gonna... You know what your problem is, kid? What? You're stupid. They're not. Yes, you are. You're stupid. Just like that Guava loving-spick your body over there. Come on, this isn't. I mean, we didn't even get started. You want to walk my show? You'll do as you're told. Okay. Now get over here. Where? Over here? Yeah, that's right. Now come here. Okay. Now get over there. All right. Come here. Okay. Get over there. Now get over here. Okay. Now come here. I'll get over here. Not there. Oh sorry. Now get over there. Come here. I'll come in. I'll come in. I'll come in. I'll come in. Okay. Not just a man. I don't have that. Okay. I said, go away for it to snow. Okay. Oh, and though, while you added it, get the QAM then ready for my appearance at the Hollywood Fashion Center. I will look. Yeah, don't worry. Get it to the automatic. Now I am straight. Okay. Now, not. Okay. It's that'll be very good, sir. Okay. Cheers to us giving me some. Don't the feeling it may be like... Turn it blue and get in. Could cook a cup of gold. I guess I died at 57 years old. I'm going to be... I'm going to be... I'm going to be... I'm going to be... I'm going to be... Oh, look at the chicken protein sound. Oh, oh... Oh, oh... Oh, oh... Anymore now. Hey, stop getting this bloody round. Go back! Oh, oh... Go to a room as this... The wind and the wind. My fire star don't look good. Good cry, oh... Oh, don't start the next... To get to the... Oh, you! I guess they don't need me anyway. I don't have a horn. I can't do it! 26 at 5.60. WCM1375.010 our pool. Hey, how come we know our numbers, huh? That's because we don't need to have any dead people to bring out. Free 75. Who would you vote for? Or for Governor Feelex or B.H. Right now. Bill McBride 220. J.B. 78. And neither one of them is 77. 78 times 3 is what? 21. Almost 3 to 1. Any new votes on the... Governor's? No. 1227 at 5.60. WCM. It's the dog days and summer still. Even though it's September the 11th, it's still hot as a... Is it hot as hell? Yes. I told you it's hot as hell. And if you're tired of all that... What is hot as hell? I have to do with your hair blowing out of control. Do you tell me? No. Well, but I will tell you this. It's beautiful. It's like 72 and sunny here today, but it's windy. And then it makes your hair blow. Too much blowing is not a good thing, you know? That's what Ken stars it. So call my good buddy Chuck Alphiurek and tell him off of the blowing. Call tool free 1-800-321-2413. When you have a full head here and set it just a few Whispy hairs that are hanging out like Bob Cole. Then you know your hair ain't going to blow all over the place. Charles Alphiurek has got the latest technology for writing you with What you've wanted for years. A great look and head of here. Any younger look too. Get that natural hairline system right now by calling Chuck Alphiurek. I mentioned my name. You still save yourself to your book, so I'll be regular across. So you can get yourself a stupos stupos stupos. Look at that hair at a very reasonable price. And don't forget Charlie also services all kinds of hairline systems besides his own usually wide away. And makes him look at a lot better for only 30 bucks. And if you do get the natural hairline system, you got nothing to lose but a big ugly bald spot because Charlie offers you a 30 day money Back guarantee. If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, just bring the hair back. You just throw it right in his face. Hey, here's your hair back, schmuck. So if you want to yourself a great look in here. Line on the full head of here this year. And for the rest of your life to come, just pick up that ponen call. Toll free 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their prestigious website. If you like, at Charles Alphiurek.com. My and local, we're sports-winneal 560-USUAM. Pulling forward, bent out from our asshole. Sportsbag radio WPAP. Oh, they want us to find a way. The reimbursed for back pain from 200 years ago. When they were slain, they'd bust. When I only have a whole whole home. A pitfall in a pinch of skull. So if you want us, ask me how here's what I got to say. You've got to give a nigger a good heart. In the ill-imfectionary for a slave alone. Yes, and nigger, good for a nigger. And time for every money to a steady call. If I was born a day, 10-2. Hold it's lazy, something I do. But what we're dead people dead to you. I have to take the flying. We're just little for an old money act. Okay. With the can of fairly carry, in fact. If it were 40 acres and a new life, a better way. You've got to give a nigger a good heart. And put on how a parent organ-raim a two. Yes, a nigger, good for a nigger. And that's your institution for a slave at you. Yes, a nigger, good for a nigger. If you want that to start a foreign slave in a month. Okay, yeah, got it. Yes, a nigger, good for a nigger. And that's my remmon, and who is dead at all. See you tomorrow, Halley. Oh, yeah, yeah, you too. Well, go to the, uh, have a good day of parent days. So, okay. Yeah, thanks, sir. Sorry. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But stop the roads you've got for a four. What a two more, you'll be just like your hero. Be a fairer. But got about it. Oh, now we know. Be only thinking your belly is brave. All these kids make us romance. Cause there is stuff they would do that can't be had. It's called a dead. Your children can't win. You don't have a need for a man when you're a lesbian. Oh, there's a new road to each other. She's got a way. She says, come big. You with me. You remember me the while. But stop the roads you're a barren woman. You better hope that your show keeps going. Cause when it's done, girl, we want all the kids back. Give them back, give them back, give them back, give them back their babies. Wow, this is a shocking, that's exciting. And did get something more precincts we got now. One, three. Woo! We started this morning. It's a little, it's Florida babies. It's a little slow, especially dated in, so now we're up to 6530 precincts out of 6717, which means there are. Let's see, 13, 187 precincts got to go. And we have no idea how many votes are in them. Follow what I'm saying? 40 cents. I'm saying who knows. Filmic bride, 596, 744. Okay? Janet Reno, 577930, and the Darrell by the way, thanks Darrell. Thanks for throwing a monkey wrench in there. She's not somebody's going to make something out of that. You know what I'm saying? Somebody's going to make something because I said monkey wrench. Just one of those things is what it is. So anyway, what's the difference now? 18,000. She picked up a little bit on that, but that blip. She picked up, it was, what was the difference? 19,144,14. I wrote it down. Well, I'll figure it out. You figured it out? No, I'm not. Oh, that's right because you're a week in math. 577930, it's my one strong suit. 418, so it's 18,088,14. So she picked up like she had her votes. And she's precincts. Okay? Now, so if you're like, what if, start with, you can't do that. But just assuming she gained 300 votes in our Humming Life? Oh, this thing is going to be tighter than a witch's ass man. This thing is going to be so damn tight. And of course, when you get it down, it'll like within a few votes either way. Then it's really easy to fix. In fact, that's probably why this is taking thick and so long. They have to go back and find the formula from two years ago. When they get it right down to the very nippin' tuck, and then they bring in the little big guys to knock on the door down. Let us in. Let us in. All the gems guys. So there you go. 65, 30. You think I'd have just traveled one more time. Maybe they're a little more. No, no, no. Huh? It's free to try. Oh, look at that. Nothing. 65, 30. Okay, it's 22 till 1 at 5, 60 WC. Oh, my God. The mad dog. Now, what's the story with the rest of the day? They're going to be as morbid as most sure was this morning? No, they're like, we don't know. Well, that's what parents were saying. Hey, Clara, some sheriff, we wounded your feelings or something. But we planned this. And you know something else I was just thinking? What were it? But before I got sidetracked by looking at those new numbers, I'm thinking because this is Wednesday is Humphrey, it's a middle of the week, all those other cliches. I'm thinking like from 11 to 1 every Wednesday. Hey, fun to do this. Don't you think that's a good idea? It's a wonderful idea. Seriously? Monday or Friday? No, no, no, no, no, that would not be good. I'm just saying Wednesday, middle of the week, 11 to 1. Two hours of stuff, I'm about fun and games of some good laughs. Love it. Would save my throat a little bit? I think it's a swell idea. Well, we'll put it to committee and the answer is yes. Here's the place where the answer will be yes. If you try to lose some weight with that, kids, and that's the likes of West Boca. When you go into a regular supermarket, you go up and down the island and maybe in some supermarket, they're like a little tiny section what they call diet foods. Forget about it. Because if the likes of West Boca, the entire store is dedicated to you because they've got low carbon, no carb items in there. That's all they carry. And of course, it's your official lack in that retail center. And you like has all atkins brand products 25% off. Would you pay every world every day? The likes has the whole line of atkins that product as well as over 500 delicious low carb and sugar free foods. As reported recently in New York Times on CNN, State Line NBC, CBS News, News Week, Time US News and World Report. The Atkins die continues to be one of today's most popular and effective diets for a lot of fat folks. Low carb dieting is finally getting the respective desserts and the likes of West Boca has been you're leading a low carb sugar free dieting for years now for a coupn's age. Over 100,000 of their customers will testify. There is no better store and no competition. The lights will not be under sold. And you can sample anything in the store before you buy it too. Stick it in your mouth and try it before you buy it. The lights friendly, knowledgeable staff will walk you through the store. Point you in the right direction. They'll show you where PD Lenny left his marks. And of course, don't cheer you on while the weight of those pounds can flying off. Don't forget, there's only one place like this. It's the elective voice, Boca. They're open seven days a week till 10 pm. And you'll find them on the northeast corner of Blades in 441 in prestigious Boca. You know who that's in Boca? No. Call 1-877 low carb or check them on the web if you like it. Low carb.com. My life and low. This is 4-8856. You wait till you weigh him. Oh, that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. She won't throw down. But it is up again. You know, we're going to keep the down. She won't throw down. What is up again? You know, we're going to keep the down. She won't throw down. What is up again? You know, we're going to keep the down. She won't throw down. What is up again? You know, we're going to keep the down. Kissing his son today. We're theest of you, my name. He's trying to wish to drink. He's trying to block the drink. He needed hard to drink. To get a rinse of cake. He tells us that it really makes him feel good. He tells us that what the hell is over to God? What the hell is over to God? It's the way God, the way God. It's my name, Joy. She won't throw down. But it is up again. You know we're only keeping the down. She won't throw down. What is up again? You know, we're going to keep the down. She won't throw down. But it is up again. You know we're going to keep the down and she won't throw down. What is up again? Every God can take the news and morning we have a yellow line They have something to hide, not how they put it you lay head by We're free and easy and no trouble to you Like a yellow line, like a night, look for a free a line And that's why we have a yellow line God takes place and I'm letting her what she's like to What she's like to wish it's better than with the dead of love Then it's okay, then you don't go through And in a guy there wasn't just a little bit Have a yellow line, like a night, look for a free a line We have a yellow line, look for a free a line Every God can take the news and morning we have a yellow line God takes place and I'm letting her what she's like to wish it's better than with the dead of love We have a yellow line, look for a free a line Every God can take the news and morning we have a yellow line With a little look, and I'm her dress I am for her full number, I am for her dress What you want in all peace, a my anatomy Just say to God Olivia, I got somewhere else to be She said, I'm gonna run from you Don't know if I can run from you I'm gonna run from you Don't know if I can run from you Don't know if I can run from you Five-sixty W.U.A.M. has proud to announce How and David is dead Hey, thank you Howard Forget about it, currently after days of intensive shock therapy Management emerged with a brand new line up for the vacationing Howard David Starting tomorrow wake up with the Joe Mark and Zung Joe Baby, oh the way it was intended to be With periodic sports updates by Yelding That's the Joe Mark and Zung Joe Now on 5-6-B-W-U-A-M We don't intermit our end of the town of Pink We're taking us to the best of Earth that you ever seen Ask anybody in the table of work They tell you this country where the country goes Are you sure? Ask them, and ask them he want to sell And from my own way you can detect these now All sports Swoop, gun, just smoke, smoke He light up this place and smoke Swoop, gun, just smoke Swoop, gun, just smoke Swoop, smoke The gun shall be good To prepare lots of Earth in the gunny sack Smoke it every day until you're long-term like It's all the funny that we have made Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid Americans, tourists from here and say Got nothing like this in the US They smoke, smoke, smoke They light up this place and smoke They begin to cough and choke Swoop, gun, just smoke, smoke The gun shall be good From the Delphas on you are at our stopman You like to smoke to join us live whenever you can Many people come here from miles or round To bite you or prove by the ounce of it come Rust the man's age of her, how am I right? To gun to be good tonight and then they smoke Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke The gun shall be good Right in here these numbers, man, you're gonna kill They're gun, just smoke That's what they do that was but I extrapolated you know Keep picked up 300 votes on the glass, that's 3% So if you extract and those were from Broward on date and she's doing better in date So if you extrapolate 1803 precincts on counter and divided by 3 in other words for every 3 If you picked up 3, you'll get a lot of money And divided by 3 in other words for every 3 if you picked up 300 She would gain 18,300 Okay before we get in McBride was leading by 18,814 You How do you like that? It sounds sinister to me Is what it sounds like? Anyway Northwest Airlines, speaking of sinister North-West Airlines, plain They've heard of the forts met Arkansas after report of suspicious passengers A North-West Airlines jet was ever to the forts met airport today after three passengers Locked themselves in a bathroom, a lot of stuff going on in the bathroom Sonny's planes, you know what? Yep The other passengers departed from the plane safely, flight 979 and Airbus A320 Traveling from Memphis to Vegas landed at Fort Smith late this morning Northwest spokeswoman Mary Beth Schubert B.S. Police and firefighters from the aircraft no one was reported to injured Jim Harris, a spokesman for Governor Mike Huckabee, said the three men Appeared to be of middle Eastern descent The Bush administration raised the nations to R.R.R. While we know that, the State Department of Emergency Management said Some sort of negotiations were held between officials and the three passengers And one of the planes bathroom's Passengers were taken out, maybe they're having a party in there Passengers were taken off at an negotiating through the bathroom Said Jennifer Gordon a spokeswoman for the department The FBI was interrogating the three men according to TSA It wasn't clear who reported suspicions to the airline The TSA said the three men have been acting strangely on the plane But gave most specifics beyond saying that the three locked themselves in a bathroom No other air traffic in the air was affected Said the Dave's statement spokesman for the TSA Wow Anyway, I'll read the apanicky and I want to say What do you say? I'm saying 12, 51 at 5, 60 WC, and if you love your home But you need more space to do this smart thing like so many other people are doing hundreds And hundreds of folks are calling to good people at strictly additions Because they know they know they're crap Call strictly additions for the having a baby need another room Maybe you're converting your carport or patty when it will living space Or maybe you went into business for yourself I want to make yourself a home orifice Call a good folks at strictly additions they'll do your right There you're one stop, shop your more space for your place place With an absolutely worry for your approach to expand your living space It was no shows by the other contractors that you're so used to won't happen Won't happen ever incomplete work no way And a lot of expected bills, no worries about the job not getting done right And they take care of everything for you, every detail They drop your blueprint to get the building permits handle all your inspections Strictly additions has got that easy five step approach to total customer satisfaction Number one, they call the schedule a free project evaluation appointment At your home or a project estimator Will determine the scope of your addition Number two is scheduled a bit of employment and they're convenient Sure, where you get a detailed proposal and an exact price for the work Number three, they'll select your finishing touches with you go to contract Number four, we do the design architectural drawings And number five, use it back and relaxes your dream addition Move the head on schedule with unbeatable quality It's so easy, it's almost a laugh You've strictly listened to call it 954-791-8100 That's 954-791-8100 Look for their identity, L.O.Pages, by the way their license, their insurance, their insurance professionals We're really care about doing you a super job Call 954-791-8100, tell them old NeoTorty to call strictly additions My life and look all this is 1405-16 You wait two weeks Did he chuck it or did he cock it Wouldn't you like your little princess to grow up to be an impeccable hostess? Ready for high society? Then why not buy her the doll? All tasteful little girls are clamoring for the talking Martha Stewart doll This is a perfect time of care for planting in patience With the talking Martha Stewart doll, girls can learn how to be just like Martha Learn all about entertaining What tired of the same old cocktail gathering? Try a dude pool party What? Married You called that assignment to take you back I want to see myself enough mother Housekeeping What? For Rumpet's lore pitch, I told you, no more streaks Throw man Rumpet, baby You, you, you, you, me Oh yeah With the talking Martha Stewart doll, your little girl can grow up to be just like her idol Poised, smart, and classy Get your f*** car out of my f*** drive way asshole From Hasbro, makers of the Frank Gifford sleep around action figure With built in tape recorder Rumpet's 7 at 5.60 WCM, the mad dog standing by Hubby Long a one-hanked three, we got the Marlins on Drec at 6.35 I wish they'd get that damn baseball crap over with already Marlins at the Philly 710 and EK over 10 to 2 Or after baseball anyway, and join Mark overnight Now we got three more, three more precincts So we, we've got a total of seven here while we're on the air It's almost two an hour, that's pretty heavy duty, you know what? So if that rate by the time I come on the air tomorrow morning at 9, We'll still be going There's good news from our bride and bad news Good news is that with these additional precincts See the one that came in much earlier, that was from Palm Beach It was the last Palm Beach one These other six are from Broward Oh So there's still 98 precincts, so the ones that remain 98 of Marindade where she's a lot up in Malah Like about 70 to 30% So it's still like nippin' talk, but the good news from our bride is And those of us who would like to beat Jeb Bush and November The good news is that he's extended his lead a little bit It was 1941-14 and the last three precincts It went down to 18-18-14 Now he's gooseed it back up again even better than was before 19,159 Brack them for our building bride, how do you like that? I had a Janet You think I got to give it like one more click? That's free One more click, a click, that's it Malah, you see you're getting too carried away Okay, just relax, couple here, one over there Before you know it, it would only be like December That will still be counten Our poll, 423 votes, assuming that McBride wins Which we are, but don't count on it If the election were ever Governor of the day, who do you vote for? Bill McBride, 246 Jeb Bush, 88, neither one, 89 Neither one is again beating the Jeb Bush, myster Bush, myster Bush, fatigue is word in baby, make no mistake about it That's so rude, correct sir So what do you think, every Wednesday, 11-1, all bit the Wednesday? Spectacular, over two hours, it's the middle of the week, it's something I mean unless something really, there's spectacular comes along Something really pressing, you know what? Like some really important ballgame Bye bye bye You're so wager, you're so unclicative Don't you chew a ass, my name is Fort Lauderdale At WQAM, sports is our centerpiece We broadcast the games, we talk about the games And we cover the athletes that play the games But one year ago today, sports was sideline By an unspeakable tragedy And attack on our country One that unfolded before our very eyes WQAM became an outlet for information