Why do you wear a stale? We'll arm a Jerry Cole wheel on the right hand look dog And when I woke up today I put my TV on and instead of pattyling or CNN I saw purple creature with a gaze sign on his head It wasn't upside down try angle purple pinky pinky upside down try angle purple pinky pinky upside down try angle purple pinky pinky day hay, henack mum The television screen is a TV screen. It had a purple painted pointing straight at me. That was blowing an eye through the hole in the thing. Hey, he may not be good but he's consistent. Exactly. I know 2 at 560 WQA and Fallball says Mohammed A terrorist. The very, and by the way, the audience really let us down yesterday. Not only didn't they come up with a name. I still don't know the camera's name of the former Ohio congressman with the, um, Did Brown Mouse on his head. Right. But they also didn't alert us to the fact that there was that great front line show on my SNN on PBS. I could be wrong. Maybe I blew it because he little time he jikkered in a Sunsetless written. 42,000 articles in the last two or three weeks all about about each one of the new, um, Fall TV shows. Right. Not about anything else. And then of course, I got blinded by that cooking show schedule yesterday morning. I don't, but I don't think he had this thing on early and then they must have put it on later. PBS profiles man who knew about terrorists. It was on last night on PBS on channel 2 and 17 and 41 ever was 42. And what a show. And I taped it. I have watched all of it. I put about the John O'Neill, which we've talked about at the, I agent John O'Neill, who was the one guy that was on the, Al Qaeda and been ladden for a year. And of course, the FBI didn't like his altitude and they gave them, like, all kinds of crap and finally forced him up. And then he took that job at the World Trade Center in the bad timing. First day was on 9.11. And any right fall well says Islam's founder and most sacred figure, Mohammed is a terrorist. This man just can't keep his foot out of his mouth. In a 60 minutes interview with CBS News correspondent Bob Simon, Fall well also affirms the Christian rights steadfast support for the state of Israel. Against this Islamic enemies and hints that right wing religious groups are influencing US government policy toward Israel. Oh, right wing Christians believe the turmoil in the Middle East is a harbinger of the second coming of Christ. How do you like that? I knew that. The interview, well we all knew that, but it's just, just to put it into words, just a verbalizes enough to make you gag. The interview was followed. We broadcast on 60 minutes this Sunday. It says it's 7 p.m. But basically what that means is after the football games are all over the right way. Whenever they get around the starting it. No, but actually that's good because what if somebody chief forgets 60 minutes is on, you know, because seven is kind of early. So then all of a sudden like 720 say, oh, I better go over to CBS and then of course, so there it is. I think my hand was a terrorist. I read enough by both Muslims and non Muslims to decide that he was a violent man, a man of war, Fall well-tell Simon, and my opinion is didn't close this. And I think my hand was said in opposite example. Yeah, Moses was a good piece of man. I'm just a slaughterer, a baby murderer, a virgin rapper. I think he was his man as Moses myself. I think Jerry fallals his man as Moses. When President Bush urged Israel or move its forces from Palestinian towns earlier this year, fall well sent a personal protest and the White House received 100,000 email protests from Christians. Fall while says he believes Bush is well aware of the Christian constituency. There are 70 million of us and there's nothing that would bring the wrath of the Christian public on this country down on this government. Like abandoning or opposing Israel on a critical matter he says. Fall low and conservative Christians support the Israelis and condemn their enemies because they believe they triumph of the country. Believe the triumph of Israel is God's will. Oh God. The Jews returned their ancient homeland. I thought that was Manhattan. The Jews returned their ancient homeland and so I thought it was Brooklyn. And Seoul ownership of the territories Arabs and Israelis both lay claim to is a pre-condition for the second coming of Christ. According to the fundamentalist evangelical Christians interpretation of the Bible. The biblical scenario is not a savory one for many Jews, however. God save us from these people said Israeli political enlist you see offer. When you see what these people are encouraging Israel on the US to do ignore the Palestinians kicked them out. They're leaving us in a way scenario out of not to zast that he tells Simon. But to zast is partly scenario. Many fundamentalist evangelicals are our crazy Zabed Bug by the way. Believe there'll be catastrophic events on it. Some are occurring already including the turmoil of the Middle East. Coming in the Battle of Armageddon in which Christ will triumph and begin ruling the earth. At this point they believe non-believers will be destroyed. Good Christians saved and remaining Jews converted to Christianity. At least like we get in our second chance. It's about time, even. Says Ed McIntyre, Fatherly Moral Majority, And known as the Godfather of the Christian right. I believe that we're seeing prophecy unfold so rapidly and dramatically and wonderfully. And without his adoration it makes me breathless. That's what you'll leave us said too. Just before he married his 12-year-old cousin. Nobody said leaves him breathless. Something like that. There we go. More history of crazy religious nuts which is what all these problems are all about. These people are the problem boys and girls that religious nuts they're crazy. And they're dangerous. See it would be one thing if they were just crazy. You know, as they are as they say in Pakistan. But they're crazy and dangerous. How that pull about yesterday speaking of dangerous hairpieces. Who do you think has got the worst looking hairpiece in the world we asked? We have 865 votes. 868 votes. Tony will work from the bottom up. Okay. Poor Tony Bennett only had one. He left his peace in San Francisco. Paul Simon has a pair which most of us weren't even aware. I wasn't. Martin Landau has two. That's because most people in the Saudi Institute remember who the hell Martin Landau was. Mission impossible baby. Barbara Bain Martin Landau. And then they got divorced. Like everybody else, sooner or later they all get divorced. You know what I'm gonna say? George? Yeah. I'm gonna read four. Lyle Menendez 5. Bob Eisenberg 6 which I think is a pretty good show in sense. So those must have all be inside votes. Because nobody on the outside never seem Bob. I'm hoping for your sake. Tony Curtis and Michael Douglas died with 10 of peace. Aaron Brown wound up with 11 finally after we spelled his name right. Why, and he Aaron Brown who's on night whining the news on CNN. What is Bob Graham? Really right. Too late. Fam it. What would Scott end a Charlottesda each had 13. Elton John. She had 25. Will Shattner good Canadian boy in 27. Oh, and by the way, good Canadian boy. I'll get to it. So excited about Ron McLean Sonny and that deal with CBC. Thank God. All is okay here. The coast is clear. They worked when and out they worked it out. Shattner 27. Henry Frane had 30 sisters. I think that's excellent. Don't you? Yes I do. Good memory on these people. Because you know, out of sight out of mind. And most people forget who the only one. Yeah, he would have died all right. We could have put former day. The school superintendent Henry Frane. Anybody who ever saw him on TV. That was the worst we've man ever 36 for a rental 38. And now we move into the real big numbers. Marvalbard 86. Sam Dileston, 124 James Traffichant to 01. But at least he had a good sense of humor. And Mohour David no content. 256 votes. 29.3% I mean it was a fairly good battle. There between one and two between Traffichant and the Mowmeister. Out of 871. But nobody could hold a candle the most peace. A lot of people would like to. Don't get started with him now. He didn't even mention he named him plug the C-span audio today. Or the Orkin grinder. Or the Orkin grinder. No actually earlier in the morning somebody said something about a monkey. Oh that's the a 9 o'clock. Or aren't you starting to figure out 9 o'clock, go the. So you want to think about your comeback small man. They're really dangerous. I was a 17 suits name former priest in sex abuse. I knew new several suits against the John Gagan. Thank you very much. But enough with him already. Okay. Enough with a gig in myster. So anyway Tom Jickman you like I said you people out there. I hope some of you actually can't maybe we have some people watch front line like every week. You know, just as a matter of course, a 9 o'clock on Friday night. At least on channel 2 anyway. But because nobody told us about it and we would have promoted it. And I'm sure a lot more people would have seen it. Now tonight when you go to bed you can say your VCR because it's on its four o'clock in the morning of our morning on channel 2 WPBT. And it's worth watching. Tom Jicker writes these September 11th attacks on America. We're so well organized and executed. It's possible nothing could have been done to prevent them. However, if there was one person who might have uncovered the terrorist conspiracy and time to thwart it, it was former FBI agent John O'Neill ahead of the bureau's flagship anti-terrorism unit in New York City. O'Neill had been tracking Osama bin Laden and Al Qaeda for more than six years. Going back to a time when our government considered the mere nuisance is to insignificance a designated priorities. He also was the first to contend that Al Qaeda agents and infiltrated this country. The bureau paid little heat until O'Neill was instrumental in preventing a massive millennium terrorist catastrophe and the months immediately preceding 9-11. He also reported suspicions based on information from his intelligence network that's something big of foot involving bin Laden and Al Qaeda was in the wind was on a way. And then there's a whole bunch more about here in Tom's column yesterday. But the bottom line is we forgot all about it. I never knew about it. So I taped it in my part of it. And then of course I had a phone call and pup pup pup pup pup pup pup. And I'm going to have to watch the rest of it the later day. I'm going to have a lot of time to make it. I'm enjoying it. I'm enjoying it. I'm enjoying it. I'm enjoying it. I'm enjoying it. It's 3-4-5. It's no fun of course. No fun of course. No crap this weekend. No more crap. Sounds good. I'm not. Yeah. In principle it sounds good. No crap man. No crap. No smoke. No bad weed. Maybe some good weed. No. No. No. No. 30-40 beers each day on a weekend. What did we get? Huh? What did that come out? I haven't gotten to that story. Oh my pile. I don't know if I'll get to it. It was in my pile yesterday. Hey, I don't always get to all the stuff in my pile. In fact, the pile here right now is like halfway into the ceiling. I got a big pile man. I got a huge pile. I'm going to put it right on Greg Reid's desk. Well there's a guy. I don't give me started on that piece of turd. Okay. He is. He is absolutely a turd burger on two legs. Is that's the only way I can describe Greg Reid. A man who continues. How he. This is a he's like a plastic man. You know what I mean? I'm not talking about that sales guy. A plastic man. Kind of brittle. I mean like plastic man in the cartoons. He just mannels to wiggle and wiggle and you know and warm his way through life. Avoiding and hiding and lying and you know, evading. You can't hide forever Greg. That's all I can tell you man. You're just the biggest faker that burger. And he's got a horseshoe up his ass. This is a man who some somewhere along the line. Maybe in his youth. Somebody in his sleep. Slip the golden horseshoe and 54 leaf clovers up his ass. That's dope. I mean way in there. Because anybody on his level who would like that who can achieve whatever he's. What's he achieved when he came right down to it. For the beesleaks have a lot of money and so does his wife. And I guess now so does he as a result. Okay. Kind of like siphoned it all out. Nice going. Greg. By the way, it's Wednesday. This last meal. It's Tuesday. 9. I'm going to get a call. I'm going to get a call. I'm going to get a call. I'm going to get a call. I'm going to get a call. I'm going to get a call. I'm going to get a call. I'm going to get a call. I'm going to get a call. I'm going to get a call. I'm going to get a call. I'm going to get a call. I'm going to get a call. I'm going to get a call. I'm going to get a call. I'm going to get a call. I'm going to get a call. I'm going to get a call. I'm going to get a call. I'm going to get a call. I'm going to get a call. I'm going to get a call. I'm on a phone with dial-maters. I talked to somebody who knows what it's all about. And in no time at all, they're not going to have to take away the crappy old vetting and set up your great new mattress in no time at all. And believe you, me, you'll tell the difference. Your back will feel great and you'll feel great when you get a good night sleep early night. And when you'd call dial-maters, you picked today in the tour. I went for a library any day seven days a week. And you also get that 30 day in-home comfort guarantee. What a difference that is. You go into a department of vetting through a new butcher. They still got the place to cover on a mattress. They let you lie down on for like 10 seconds. Okay, how does that feel? You know, who the hell knows? But when you have up to 30 days to try it out, then you know what it's all about. Whether it's the right one for you. So get you a great night sleep for a week. Years to come by calling dial-maters right now. 1-800 mattress. 1-800-MATTR-ES or check them out of the way. But mattress.com. My life and low. This is 4-3-05-64. You weigh 10 weigh. I want to bang in the butt, honey. Okay. I'll try to much less night and dream you rest. Is there a cross-money? Slavid all your butt cheap in bones. You're else up, I'll repeat. Giving though it smells like just as gas. Relative comes to my eye. And dial-maters. And dial-maters. But it's quite some ass. It's quite some ass. And dial-maters. Want to spank you. For that will do the best day of my life. And dial-maters. Just a slap that ass. You're having the best day of my life. Rectom. 919-560 WPM. Let's get some of these promos in here. Man, there's a whole crap load of stuff coming on this weekend. Look for the QNVAN 111 today at TK Performance Center at the Home Depot Shopping Center Corner, Bread Road in the Palmetto and Miami Lakes. Stop by to play the Budweiser Super Prize Machine. What the LZA? It's big and it's super. Yeah, LZA's art. I see. Oh, it's a usual crappy QN prizes? I like a simple video. But they're in a very lonely. So go out there. 111 a day at the TK Performance Center. Home Depot Shopping Center Corner, Bread Road in the Palmetto Miami Lakes. And then join Joe Castello 3 to find the publics. At 1395, southeast 17th Street and Fort Lauderdale for the Mikes Heart Lemonade NASCAR giveaway. Stop by. Maybe I'll go or I'll be there. Passing out Mikes Heart Lemonade. Stop by to win prizes and register when two tickets to the Homestead Speedway race in November. And tomorrow is if that isn't enough too well. What you're appetite for a real busy weekend. Tomorrow, George will be a Jared Jewelers. I love Jared Jewelers. Even though you never heard of them. Right. At 1630 North Federal Highway in Fort Lauderdale from one to three to Marapnone, he'll be there because they're a panom. Stop by to win prizes and register when trip for two to see the Dolphins play the Jets in New York and what ought to be like a walkover. The Jets a little teeny we need girls team. A girly team. Well, are they pathetic or... Yeah, what? Man. They're tragic. Here's our poll for today and over the weekend. And not too many choices on here. And of course with everything that's going on in the world of the day with the economy and with the war on terrorism and with the the impending war on the invasion of Iraq and all all these things. Keeping those things in mind. Who would you prefer to have as leader of the free world today? I think the word leader ought to be like in our talex or capitals or like in something Eric can Eric here is today, by the way. Probably we never know. Whenever sure because they've got issues up there with the usually all this if he can't here as he calls and says. I see so he can hear us. Hey, have a great day, Eric. Okay. Who would you prefer to have as leader of the free world today? GW Bush. Bill Clinton. Tony Blair, Arale Sharpen. Well, that comes from. What do you mean where did that come from? Come from a story I got coming up here about how he's a... He's a sharp and eyes to White House. I get into it right now if you prefer. The urban Al Sharpen's getting right to step down as president of the civil rights organization he founded to a story. Bit for the presidency in 2004. Oh, I... early next year I'll be stepping down Sharpen said yesterday and announcement that it was expected but was nonetheless in the head and feared it should say not expected. But was nonetheless a little bit of a certain amount of fanfare. Come on, can we have a little fanfare? Oh, look at drummer will be good. That's good. I'm going to travel and see if it's feasible to run for president. I'm inclined to run all determined by spring if it's feasible he gets saying feasible. Sharpen said he'll begin traveling around the country in 2003 to evaluate whether it could raise the money and build the infrastructure. Need to run for president. Therefore he would not have the time to run the national action network. Sharpen once successfully ran from here of New York and for the US Senate who's a professional candidate and a professional smithas derber has been outspoken on many local and issue. An action will introduce most notably on police brutality in the highly publicized cases of M&D Lowe and Abner Lwima and the US military bombing in the tiny port we can island of V.A. Sharpen made the announcement on this 48th birthday celebration intended by community political and religious leaders at Canaan that this church or Christ where a national action network chairman. Why at T Walker is pastor. Sharpen said he asked his board to seek a replacement at the nonprofit grassroots organization he founded in 1999. He's got bigger fish to fry baby. He's making a run. So as that's the case we ought to play a way in there. Something for people to start fearing and thinking about. Who would you prefer to have his leader of the free world today George W. Bush Bill Clinton Tony Blair Al Sharpen and I leave anybody obvious out. Sit on the same. No, I'm serious these are not these are not gag choices these are serious choices don't be don't be starting to play like or might as well. Next thing you're going to want me to put the more Howard David on here again. Okay. Okay. He now he's had enough opportunities this week. Okay. He won yesterday's here's down. Okay. Here's down your back. So let's give him a rest until Monday and then we'll rip him an ass again. Now he's got that big game coming up Sunday. We don't want to start messing with him here on C span audio. How about I'll go or? No. Listen like I just got through saying we got a weekend come up. You trying to score all I weekend? Spurled. You trying to ruin my weekend? Just don't mention Al Gore again. That's my one suggestion. Okay. I said very you know with a spirit of friendship and the hand of friendship the bird of paradise extended to you. Don't say Al Gore again today. Please. All at box. You know say a lot box or as they say at the deli lock spots. Hey Ron McClain proclaims no grudges. Oh, that's here. This is the big news. Okay. Let's stop worrying about all this other crap and the leader of the free world and the leader of the pack and all this other crap. CBC reverses decision maybe. Yeah. That's why everybody from coast to coast and all the ships had seen they got a big smile on their face from a most jaw to a halifax from a medicine head to a calloward. They all got a big smile on their posts. And up there in a calloward. I'll go to the local here, but you can understand why it's probably already like 20 below up there. You know what I'm saying? We need a jaw. Right. Right. Have you ever looked at a map of this country? Yeah. A lot of mace goes all the way up almost to the god damn north pole. Right. Big open barren spacesher. Ron McClain is returning to hockey night in Canada after an immense public backlash for CBC back to the bargaining table just days after dropping him from the broadcast just Factship Sports program. Everybody in this country loves hockey and suggest they love for hockey night in Canada. And they clearly love Ron McClain a slightly shagrim looking Nancy Lee executive director of CBC Sports at yesterday after a full day in negotiating with Donnie me and me and McClain's agent. Lee characterized the deal as a compromise and said McClain will rejoin Don Sherry in the popular coaches quarter seven when the show is 50 for a season begins next Saturday. I'll tear it. Okay. It's about time something good happened for Christ. It's with all the other crap. That's enough. So we got that straight. That's good. That's important stuff. Oh, you know, it's really important stuff. You know Governor Jim. Yeah. I don't remember him. Yeah. My buddy. Our good post personal buddy. Well, there's only one thing we can say about him today. I guess we've said it many times before. He's an asshole. Yeah. And he proved it. He's got juicy details in the real case. Did you see the story? No. You didn't see it. I'm Carlos saw it. Yes. He's seen it. Well, we're getting into that. My way of listening as we come back is we got to do the break. But boy, I'll tell you this man. I'll try hand jury fall a lot of way low because the two of them make a stick. They can stick their legs down each other's trotes or something. This is a bigoted nasty mean spirited prick is what our governor isn't. By the way, the apple don't fall through too far from the it's twin brother tree, which he ate his twin, but he's his evil twin I would say. That'd be a good pull to take. Which one is Dumber? Which of the bush brothers do you think is the dumbest? Don't forget, don't forget to dumb go the other D goes with a dumb and dangerous, which I think in both their cases is very appropriate. Anyway, we'll get to those juicy details about the real case and about how Governor Jeffster continues alienating more and more factions of the popular South there with stupid idiotic comments because he's a bozo and a bigoted right wing Christian. In fact, I think I mean redundant there. Okay. I think we had several redundancies in that sentence. 26 at 560 WKWM. Hey, let me tell you something you want to do a little something for your health. Start poppin' olio men in your pussy and no time at all. You'll feel the difference because it's a great product that features the best olive oil you'll find anywhere along with vitamins, minerals and herbals. All rolled up into one little soft shell cancel your poppin' your ugly pussy. And they have a separate product designed to help your heart. There's one specifically to help lower your blood pressure. One for your cholesterol, one for your prostate. One for your circulatory system, your digestive and endocrine system. Your skin, your bones, even your mind. All using the benefits of honest, a goodness, pharmaceutical grade olive oil along with all those other good things. Audio-made manufacturers products for men and some specifically gear for you ladies out there as well. It's an outstanding exciting new product. It's spiffy and picks them up today at Whole Food Markets and World Reense. Adonos and our pharmacies get more information by calling the toll free number. And they've had all about it. Call 1-86-Oleomed. That's 1-86-Oleomed, which you can also order on their website if you prefer it's easy. Just log on to Oleomed America. Like I said, log on to Oleomedamerica.com. And log on to Oleomedamerica.com. And log on to Oleomedamerica.com. And log on to Oleomedamerica.com. And log on to Oleomedamerica.com. And log on to Oleomedamerica.com. This is Port Radio by city. You're a new alien. For this past not good, it's great. And this just went all I want to have a. For you to be. Yeah, man. Just when everything's spoken seems incomplete. And everything that I see just makes me laugh out. Could it be the stuff I'm smoking, everything's the guy. Yeah, Mark. Y'all are really classy. I'm on the way to Tom. Just now we've, while we come home the way that's all. Oh, yeah, there you go. Oh, no way that's all. Oh, no way that's all. We're home the way that's all. Yeah, they sell like you're on the, you know, like that weed, you know? Like we're getting good. I'm pretty 100, 5, 60. We got 28 votes on the pool, which is one up on the early. A moment to go. Who would you prefer to see as leader of the free world of day? Bill Clinton 13, George W. Six, Tony Blair 5, and our sharpens got four eyes. See you were laughing at him. How do you like that? You were laughing at that. The investigation into the Frock priest John Gagan. Now widening 17 more people in Boston. A file lawsuit to legend their receptionally abused by Gagan over a 32 year period. Last month, the Catholic Archdiocese in Boston, we say $10 million deal to settle that 86 cases related to the former priest. Thank you, Bill. Don't forget for a clock in the morning. Say your VCR on PBS front line. What was the name of it again? Yeah, I forgot. I forgot. The man who will knew something. I don't know too much. I could play like a few seconds of the audio there, but it probably would be like out of, yeah, wouldn't make any sense. I guess. You hear it. We're the New York Times article. The outstanding issue about the missing bed. There had become such a personal cost. And I think. Yeah, they drum his ass on the FBI. We have to be our bunch of Barbista and the goi. I'll tell you that right now, man. They are evil doers. Make no mistake about it. And let me ask you one thing before I get into that juicy details. Yeah, is Louis Free. Governor says juicy details in radio case. This is a worldwide story. Now, this isn't just confined to the local papers in Florida. This is made at all around the world. More embarrassment. Well, there's Hans Blix. There's Hans Blix. Sheen for the inspectors. If they get me. He's greeted the way to return the inspector. He's greeted the U.S. threat of consequences for Baghdad. Hangs over everything. There are five permanent members on the security council. The U.S. cannot just do whatever it wants to do. At least diplomatically. There's every kid Roth. He looks awfully Jewish to me. Anyway, Governor, Jeff Bush told a delegation of lawmakers that he had some juicy details. A Bopi sexual orientation of a Missy Mommy girl's caretakers. During a meeting Wednesday, Bush implied that the two women who had just been charged with fraud stemming from the investigation into a real Wilson's disappearance were less veens. As Pamela Graham was being arrested, she told her co-workers, tell my wife I've been arrested. The wife is the grandmother. The aunt is the husband, Bush explained. Using his fingers to indicate quotation marks to emphasize the word, grandmother. You're seeing this? Wing, Wing, Nagaj. Vick, you know, get that in Pensacola, Bush told his guest a group of lawmakers from Florida's Panhandle. An attorney for one of the two women called the Governor's comments outrageous and said the women are sisters not a lesbian couple. The women, Geraldine and Pamela Graham were charged Wednesday with stealing more than $14,000 in public assistance. They were not charged into the disappearance of radio who was missing 15 months before these state department of children and families realized they were going. She would have turned six last Sunday, would have been the operative term there. The radio case was spotlight on the DCF, the leading top child welfare administrators to quit and Blue Ribbon Committee to examine the agency, but six months after the agency reported a radio missing, the $75,000 reward for finding the little girl remains unclamed. It's up to $100 now, by the way. And no criminal charges have been filed. Elizabeth, her spokeswoman for Bush said yesterday that the Governor relay details and factual information regarding the arrest of radio's caretakers, he intended no offense and continues to focus on the safe return of young radio. Oh yeah, please. But Joshua Fisher, Pamela Graham's attorney called the Governor's comments outrageous and disgusting. He's making jokes when they're still missing baby here or doesn't he care for sure say yesterday, he said he's trying to get paperwork including birth certificates that will prove that the women are sisters not a couple. The Dean Smith Executive Director of Equality Floor to the stages, the state's largest gay and lesbian advocacy group called the comments, Childish and Locker Room Humphor Fobia. Bush made his remarks to three-beer Republican Panhandle legislators, two GOP state house candidates and AIDS during a meeting in the Governor's office. He apparently didn't realize the reporter, with the Ginet Regional newspaper's afflora company the group, his comments were first reported and went to the position of the Pensacola News Journal. It was a non-events, a day-mursin the GOP nominee in state house district too, who was at the meeting. It wasn't any big deal to watch, really, all of us were there for more important stuff. Then a bunch of Dite comments. GOP state representative Greg Everston, Bush simply informed the group about the rest, and he didn't make any in-unnoir insinuations about anybody, quote unquote, see what we're saying? What he's saying? I'm saying he's a bigoted right-wing cracker is what I'm saying, what a shog with a silver spoon up his ass, what they dysfunctional screwed up family. Another one of these far-bissed right-wing guy in New Zanderers now anybody in their right mind unless there are cracker like him, I like to vote for him for even dog catcher, just beats the living crap out of me, I'll tell you. Just astonishes the crap out of my ass. 48 votes on there, who'd you like to see as leader of the free world if he had your brothers? Bill Clinton 24, Tony Blair 10, W9, and Al Sharpen's got five. So either it's five dark folks or it's five people with a good sense of humor. Maybe he's got a shot, you know what? You actually got that out straight. Hey, at the way those people multiply man, and dark folks are the rapidity with which they multiply like rabbits. By the time 2004 election comes around, there might be like 600 million darkies in the country, and then he'd have a real shot, Al Sharpen. Can I like Jesse as his running mate or maybe Louis Ferrican could be Secretary of Defense, Secretary of State, huh? Nothing. But the recuses US have nuclear hypocrisy. The former chief woman, this is in the Sydney, Australia morning, Harold, by the way, thought not in your weekly reader. Remember, uh, Butler, Richard Butler? Yes. Well, Pula, well, Pula. The former chief woman's inspector in a Mac Richard Butler is last out of the US double standard saying even educated Americans were deaf to arguments about the hypocrisy of their stance on nuclear weapons. Mr. Butler and Australia told a seminar at the University of Sydney Center for Peace and Conflict Studies that Americans did not appreciate it, they could not have time or write to possess nuclear weapons but deny it to other nations. My attempts to have Americans enter into discussions about double standards of an object failure even with highly educated and engaged people, Mr. Butler said, as sometimes thought I was speaking to them in Martian, so deep as their inability to understand. Mr. Butler's comment to the seminar are reported to the University's latest newsletter. What America totally fails to understand is that their weapons of mass destruction are just as much a problem as are those of Iraq he said, adding that Hollywood's storylines fueled such attitudes. Mr. Butler said the horror of 9-11 and only entrenched the idea in Americans that there are good weapons of mass destruction and there are bad ones. Yeah, it's good bombs and bad bombs, right? Are it good? They're smart, smart bombs and dumb bombs. And then some that aren't quite as smart as we thought they were. The ones that like, you know, blow up people's weddings, things like that. Oops. Mr. Butler and Kail 4 Canadians. Mr. Butler had to deal with weapons inspection team in Iraq in the early 90s as a former Australian ambassador for disarmament. Earlier delivering the University's temple in lecture Mr. Butler said more of the most difficult times when the Iraqi regime had been dealing with the issue of inconsistency. Among my toughest moments in Baghdad were when the Iraqis demanded that explain why they should be hounded for the weapons of mass destruction when just down the road Israel was not even though it was known to possess some 200 nuclear weapons he said. I confess to that I flinch when I hear American British and French full-mination against weapons of mass destruction ignoring the fact that they are the proud owners of massive quantities of those weapons are apologetically insisting that they were essential for the national security and will remain remain so. Mr. Butler said that manifest unfairness, double standards, produced a situation that was deeply inherently unstable. That is because human beings will not swallow such unfairness. This principle is asserting as the basic laws of physics itself. Mr. Butler said one problem in countering Iraq was that materials and technologies employed in making a chemical or biological weapon were identical to those used in a range of benign products for medical and industrial agricultural use. And maybe even like baby milk too. The U.N. Security Council's decision 91 to destroy every move around or harmless of mass destruction was unique in far-reaching, far tougher than past attempts to disarm the feed of countries like Germany and Japan. So how you like that? Poor Dick Butler though whatever he's a pissed off and fired up. He doesn't understand that were the good guys that were in the world as split into two now. Right, the world accorded the bushmysers. There's the good people in the evil, the words and that's it. There ain't nobody else. There's no right non-offence on this one. Okay, put on your goddamn cowboy hat. Get your six-year-old out and join with us or you're against. That said, simple as that. Kind of like a QAM. There's either the good people or the evil people. Evil people, of course, being all of those on Greg's side. 63 votes on our pool. Who would you prefer to see as leader of the free world right now? This moment. Bill Clinton 30, Tony Blair 14, W.11, and Al Sharpton 8. I'm Tom. I think Al's got a shot. Is there still anybody out there who's not plunging their guts out of the VIP sportsport talk? Come especially with a weekend in all the football coming up. Then we better tell you right now you're missing out on a really great sportsport. You're all these hands for these other sportsports. But do some research before you hand your cash over these people. Some of these attend to world countries that they're from, you know, like, oh, just let me help you out. VIP sportsport talk. Come as the only book to be unanimously endorsed by the industry watchdogs. They're Dutch based. So there were the of your trust and one of the first online sports books. So if you're on a roll of the lifetime, as if you get lucky, you want to be at that time with the best sports book available, which is beyond the shadow of a doubt VIP sportsport.com. So open the count online and get you a 15% cash sign up bonus just for doing it online. And did I mention that they got the highest parlayage. Go find anywhere up to 2001. So get your ass over to VIP sportsport.com and plunge to your heart's content. Well, it's still available at a book with class called tool free 1-866 VIP Vets. Listen, I hate to sat down and then plunge your lungs. 1-866 VIP Vets go to VIP sportsport.com on the net and get that 15% sign up bonus VIP sportsport.com where you be the VIP. 5-666 VIP Vets go to VIP VIP Vets go to VIP VIP Vets go to VIP VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go to VIP Vets go Go to REAL VELACHIE Organo! VELACHIE shows ptig times tin The Oh, are you sure? See, I didn't do that right now. Biggest one. See what I say, Tom Cruise, but he's a man at that point, Phil should say. Are you sure? See what I'm saying? A Tom Cruise thing. Well, next time I'll know. Alright. 945 at 560 WDQM happy Friday to it. Is he Friday ordinarily, you're pretty enthused that it's Friday and see into the week and all those cliches. But I'm not all excited about it because the problem was that we as fast as the weeks have gone last year for weeks, the week end goes like I bought like, like that. And that's it. So, what I'm thinking is that before I know it is going to be Monday morning. And again, it's a terrible cliché, but nobody even passed down on a win to crazy about Blue Monday. And I wouldn't say right, not too thrilled about that. But at any rate, New England Paul Facts is and says, hey, go to Sunday's Patriot Dolphin game with about 15 Patriot fans. Alright. You never want fanless. And you sure every day want to let you know that there are a lot of Patriot fans Go Tom Brady kicks some serious ads. Yeah. Kicks. In fact, I'd like to see them cheering no G. Feele into a human bagel on Sunday would be great. And that's not, you know, and that's not personal, Jay. It's not that we know like you're a nice guy and just affect you went to Dartmouth. We won't hold that against you. But you ain't no Tom Brady sweet out of credit that in any sense of the word. I'm going to be sitting there just sniffing that TV screen. I'm going to be sitting there inches away from it. In fact, guess what I got right over here. Ah. But I got my sports illustrator. What was the date on this? The date was something April 15th of this year. April 15th, what an interesting date, huh? The tax man come with and so does Tom Brady's courts court. Well, how come this thing looks much the worst for where? Oh, and inside is a picture of, look at that. What a fag, huh? Me, meaning. Seriously, Josie theater, the Montreal Canadian's Great Cold Hender was wrapped up by the Leaf Slast night A and the next edition is game in Montreal 5-3, but nevertheless, see one thing about the Leafs now. We give up the first school and every game the first shot right off the bat just to give a false sense of security. And then we catch them all. And look at that picture on page 35 of his sports illustrated Tom Brady. There's a face that everybody can love. I don't care how much you are. I don't give a crap. Even mole probably has got a soft spot in his old ass. For a Tom Brady. Good God. See a sweetheart or what, huh? But behind that boyish look, don't they? Oh, don't confuse yourself. There's a dangerous arm behind that look. You want to say what he said? I'm saying he's going to kick some ass. I'm hoping if not that's okay to even if he doesn't. These still looks a lot better in J. Feeber. Would it was big goofy? Here's a tech J. Feeber. Anybody ever see him in Dumbled with the same time? Now that was bad. Why you picking on J. Feeber? Because everybody else does. Why can't I? I wish J. Feeber all of luck in the world off the field. On the field. Up your as J. But off the field is a good guy. Could you wish boy from Dartmouth? What's wrong with that? I hope he makes a lot of money. He ain't no Dan Moreno. We know that. He ain't no Dan Moreno, baby. I'll tell you that right now. Oh, you people used to pile on on Danny's ass. Oh, there. No one knows Super Bulls with Dan Moreno. Yeah, right. As if that's his fault. I guarantee if they would have had Ricky Williams would. I mean, if you know, the timing would have been different. And Ricky Williams would have been, uh, see what I'm saying? Yeah. Then you've seen a different story. They would have had a running game. Who do they have? They had Mark Higgs. You know, another and a trice-draft word. Oh, my god. Good sales guy. Nice ball spot. But I mean, he's here running back. Oh, get serious. Okay. He couldn't run from where you're sitting in the wall. No, seriously. In fact, the only person, the only dark, complexed X-Jock X-Doff and Jock that could run at far was ROOH! And that's only because he saw that huge black buildup up there on the, uh, on the thing on a wall. Remember how fast he moved for that? I gotta have that. Man, he just bounced on that thing. Just grabbed it. And I'm not making that up either. I'm not embellishing that story. His eyes were like pinball machine rolling around when he saw that thing. I wonder what he did with it. Oh, and speak of that. What a great segue to this story from the Washington Post. Man's friend space, Levy case grand jury. A grand jury has a teened friend. So a man who's now the focus of the Sean Believing investigation. You want a apology to Gary Condwood, by the way. I will not give it to him. I don't give a crap. But you say you own apology. You were relentless on it for a piece of crap. Yeah. So he likes a little rough sex. Okay. And so, I guarantee you, you've eaten more as than he has. No. Oh, yes. Oh, no. Yes. He's a congressman. Oh. A grand jury has subpoenaed friends of a man who's now the focus of the Sean Believing investigation. Among them in apartment manager to the Washington Post. Man had facial scratches and a swollen cut lip around the time that the federal intern, the former federal intern disappeared. How do you like that? A facial scratches and a swollen cut lip. Sheila Cruz, the manager of building on summer set, placed northwest where Ingamar Guantiquelloo said she can place the time she saw the facial abrasions as late April or early May because it was shortly before. Why? I'll be shortly before Guantiquell then 19 was arrested. May 7, 2001, and charges the breaking into an apartment in the complex. Levy who's remains were found in Rock Creek Park this spring, disappeared May 1, 2001. You follow me, Miss? It was arrested May 7, she disappeared May 1. Again, Vika blamed his wounds on his girlfriend saying she had hit him. Cruz said. Just like O.J. would have the cut on the hand, you know? Right. Justice the coincidence. But the former girlfriend in interview said she had not caused injuries to her in his face. She said she never saw the scratches and swollen lip. She described her relationship as tumultuous and said it was on and off and in and out by May 2001. Cruz was subpoenaed late Wednesday night hours after she was interviewed by the post, her boyfriend won a Guantiquell friends also was subpoenaed. Guantiquell's former girlfriend Iris Portillo and her mother said in an interview that they were called Sonic a bunch of beeners to me, were called the US Attorney's Office last month, Portillo 20, said she took detectives to a spot a rockweight park where she'd gone with Guantiquell, less than a mile from where Levy's remains were found. She said investigators took her gold bracelet, which she said was to give from Guantiquell in early 2001 at a necklace. It's unclear what jewelry Levy was wearing when she was slain, law enforcement sources have said that a gold bracelet and gold ring were missing from her belongings. Uh-oh. Uh-oh. You all an apology to Gary kind of God damn it. No. I think this whole country was an apology. In fact, let's hold that. That's right. I forgot he's a right wing Democrat. He's a right wing goodie, two shoes Democrat who was who was all over Baba on penis gate and in the meantime he was screwing everything with a skirt on. Now they're one of them right wing hypocrites. What a piece of turd man. What do you think about Jeb Bush and the Catherine Harris by the way? Cru said then until this week she'd not been contacted by DC police during the 17th investigation. She is one of several Guantiquell friends of all lives who have been subpoenaed in recent weeks as investigators focus on Guantiquell, a salvage Dorian immigrant who was convicted less than timber-bassolting two women, jogging in rock creek park not far from where Levy's remains were discovered. The attack occurred May 14, 2001 to exactly the disappeared and July 1, 2001. I think he'd done it. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I mean, I, what do I know? I'm just reading now from a Washington Post. The flurry of subpoenas in the grand jury's interest in Guantiquell, D.K. G.K. Markets significant change in the investigation was had focused on representative Gary A. Condit with whom Levy was having an affair at the time she vanished. Police have not interviewed Condit since the discovery of her Marines officially turned a missing person case into a homo-side investigation. And now how the president says it's at homo-side? Detectives have no evidence-looking Guantiquell or anybody else to leave his death police of something close Guantiquell was wearing when he was arrested to live first 2001 for the park assault to the FBI lab test for DNA according to law enforcement sources. If following that, they want some DNA tests on our clothing. They want to see if Sean Rizz got any hint. I hear a curly one a straight one anything. I think he's going to get it. 97 votes on a poll so far. Who will you prefer to have his leader the free world today? If you had, if you could like say, okay, you're it. Bill Clinton 49, 20 Blair 21, George W. 15. And Al Sharpton 12. Hey Sharpton's given the W mice. You're pretty good run for his money there. So anyway, but Jeff Bush was telling me to story about these two dikes. I mean, I'm not seriously. What kind of people, I get the same kind of people that he and his family are. Right. That's the kind of people that would vote for Jeff Bush for anything. Scum. Because that's what they are. I'm never seeing him at the vlogging. When we had those I would debase bald men early years of the marlins. The founder seats remember those. Oh yeah. Well, no, the seriously you didn't go to the games, but you know what I'm talking about. They gave me those founder seats right there along right behind the first baseline. Great seats, by the way. But my misfortune and one of the reasons I stopped going tomorrow. And games very early on, by the way, is because of the fact that Jeff Bush and his cronies and all these right wing assholes, they had that like whole section there. And it was just filled with them, including this one guy to wait about 800 pounds. Who was a one of their fun raisers from Tallahassee. He and his Yahoo white. I'm surprised they didn't bring their trailer with him. But at any rate, they were sitting on and this guy waited at least 900 pounds. Easy. And then one game, Jeff was actually there and somebody poked him and I said, bag back there, you know, because we were standing up before the game for or whatever. And he turns around and give me a look and I like, I nodded at him like, hey, hey, asshole. Hey asshole, how you doing? And by the way, you better take that spoon out of your ass. It's still stuck in there. Somebody should tell you. Man. Doug Montero in the air, post we haven't had a piece by him at a long time, you know what? Is anyone in a way? Why? Because this priest thing has been on a hiatus. We've had all the Sodom stuff and Gamora stuff. As a result, there haven't been all these articles about the priest situation. And that's what they counted on, you know, oh, something else has come along, you know, they've heard the brothers attempted. Just like the Maryland shooting spree. Focity of what the projectile will travel. Yeah. See, not having a big song and it ends about what kind of a weapon was it and the kind of bullets and hop-ah, I mean, oh, brother, the FBI, you talk about evil doers, man, they invented it. I think it started with that gay and your Hoover. Hey, I'm getting wound up to a frenetic frenzy here. I shouldn't be doing that on a Friday. I should be saving my energy for lunch. Don't you think? Is it going to be a technology? Oh, and you know, something's speaking of that, isn't it? I had a Friday that ate a beast as supposed to be in there to weigh himself, right? Where is he? Don't see him. And I was thinking of another thing about that topic and, you know, since Balanced for Life, I guess, they're playing like, uh, I don't know what we would call it. Playing with his emotions and saying, well, we'll bring your food Monday through Friday, but on a weekend, you're on your own fat. So I think what they should do is dead, he needs the food seven days a week, because they should just put bringing you food. You don't need it. Okay, they'll bring me a lunch. Well, there you go, right there, quit bringing George food. If he adores lunches up, that's five lunches a week. That more than compensates for whatever crap that I mean, good stuff they're given for the weekend. I guess I shouldn't mention that he hasn't picked up his food for the past two days. Like I said, I think you need to watch yourself. You better get your food. See, I try to go to Bat for a guy like that, and he's, he's not fooled. He's off the wagon now. If I'm them, I don't bring him anything anymore. If it's just going to sit around there. In fact, I'm, I feel jealous right now. I bet to do some good stuff in there that I wouldn't enjoy having right now. No, I bet to do. I bet to do like an omelette. I could, he didn't my microwave in a kitchen, which is only a stone, sir, for where I'm sitting right now. That's the great part about being like in your own apartment doing a show. Can like crawl into the kitchen and air hop and refrigerator, give me some more diet soda, give me that balance for life omelette or wrap or something like that. But of course, I don't have any of that. I did get a box yesterday, and well, 9.56 and 5.60 WQM speak in a food, castaway seafood company knows seafood like nobody you know's. They pride themselves on serving you the freshest and the best seafood available. Fresh fish that is never frozen. Castaways also features grilled certified angus beef. That's with a G. Burgers fill a mignon a were big, huge juicy New York strip. Castaways has great weekend specials like all you can eat fried catfish, really 10.95. A seafood medley with colomari shrimp and fish only 13.95 or Chilean sea bass only 1995. If you want to castaways, tailgate party at the Hong fish bar, offer in college and NFL football specials including all you can eat hot and spicy buffalo shrimp, probably 7.95. Why do you watch your favorite teams? Why do you watch the Patriots kick the stuffings out of the offense on Sunday, I hope. Yeah, you never know. There's also live entertainment, a resert in out of castaways. Castaway seafood companies got a full bar, the open seven days a week in locate Milan. The Southwest corner of university, driving Griffin Road and Davy, not too far from Steve M's house. If you're looking to cater your next home or office party, castaways can do that for you too. The castaway seafood company featuring seafood so fresh, it might just reach up and slap you in that ugly post. Why do you watch your favorite sports video, five six six six? You a m. Why do you best, Steve? Oh, we're over, can that Sean Dopey? The lockers out on a home cheese cream. If she's gone too hell, then she'll have one she should. The night that Gary handed gave it to her. Oh, good. They were out on a date, parking Gary's car. Maybe Gary had gone just a little too far. He showed up the motor, turned her her and said, how about it? Baby, I could use me some here. Maybe that young intern thought that that wasn't right. What the cocktails in their system made them feel so light. Sean's a thought for a moment and said, you're no class. That maybe too sit Gary, but I still want your rails. Let them hear it over, can that Sean Dopey? Oh, she ain't been heard or seen for so many weeks. If she's gone too hell, then she left when she showed. The night that Gary handed gave it to her. Oh, good. When we woke up the next morning, Sean Dopey was not around. Though Gary had no tears, his pants were still down. Maybe remember the point in silver, hard advice. Yes, Gary finally got bored. He wanted last night, she had opened the door, went to Permanent said, I'll remind him just a little while, and she took off after he blew her up his. And no one including Gary has seen her since. So the fact is she's gone, this fact's made not be right. If some morning, those that truth will then the truth will be nice. Well, the truth is El Salvador. I may have been the one. May have we underlined that and of course, alleged in the possible, and maybe not, you don't want to say always have to have 85 disclaimers on there just to cover your ass. A luched, suppose a ride might be in a might not be 10 out to at 5 60 WKOM 125 vote. Who would you prefer to have leader of the free world today? Both Clinton 63, Tony Blair 25, George W22, and Al Sharpen's got 15, you little afraid. So you thought he was like a crankboat. I think he'll do better than Bush actually. Do you want to know how I see the reason we can't get the name of that uh, congressman with the bed here piece because he, it just dawned on me during that break. He's from California. I see, not Ohio. And he's not in congress anymore. I do know that. He retired or whatever. Or got his ass kicked. And anyway, right wing, he was on a house investigating committee of the judiciary committee. Back when the opinions gave thing was going on. It was like a brown, a small brown farm animal died on his head. Far worse than most will ever be. I mean, just the most silly as looking person. Somebody maybe will know. Former, we're, and of course there aren't that many Republicans from California. Anyway, in the house and anything. Follow what I'm saying. Yes, that's at Orange County, of course, where they're all like, uh, you know, having a virtual meeting, but nevertheless. So maybe somebody will know now because I'm just Jones that he did his name before the weekend. So anyway, Doug Monterey writes in New York Post was about a half hour ago. I started getting in this right. Priest told, get a lawyer. He says, Priest should remain silent and get lawyers whenever their bishops confront them with sexual abuse allegations. A well-respected church attorney told a room full of terror so media yesterday. In the current scheme of things, you should not admit anything. Monsignor William Varrvaro told about 150 people attending a meeting of the voice of the ordained, a new group for current and former Roman Catholic priests. Varrvaro also warned that the information accused Priest give their church leaders could be turned over to prosecutors and held against them. The father's son relationship between a priest and a bishop has been destroyed. Varrvaro's advice and fury did priest sex abuse victim, Daniel Dubuav Brooklyn, who interrupted the speech by saying, I've heard enough. This is a map to cover up crime he said before he was forcefully thrown out of the meeting room at the West 52nd Street Manhattan Club, a several priest hollered, get him out of here. Despite it all, Dubuav and a priest Varrvaro was trying to let your share one common thin thread, they don't trust a church hierarchy. The mistrust was born shortly after the junior West Bishop's conference, where the church leaders hammered out a zero-tolerant sex abuse policy designed to oust child molesting priests. The Rev. John Pete Duffel, who organized yesterday's meeting, said policy not only violates priest, right, especially those falsely accused, but fails to call to account the vishops who transfer known molesters from parish to parish to cover our problems. They said sexual abuse is wrong, but they didn't talk about handling of it by vishops. Duffel said, some priests said they feel like sacrificial lands were paying for the sex abuse scandal even though a published report showed two-thirds of the nation's vishops in this handle abuse cases. It shows the inequality that I think everyone should have been held accountable for what they did or did not do, said Monsignor Larry Hinch of the Holy Child Gs as church in Queens. Now for the first time in this increase, or those in the U of Audent Abuse, our feeling like the victims who's rights are violated by the church hierarchy. How do you like that? Get him out of here! Get him out of here and shut him up, dummy up you a goofball. Miami mom pleads innocent in death of baby left in van. We seem to have an epidemic of these. A woman accused in the death of an infant left in sight of a sweltering minivan pleaded innocent yesterday to charges of aggravated manslaughter, Unia Perez. Unia Perez, why you and I a Unia. Unia Perez 26 of the suburban Mirrangian neighborhood, sat silently as a public defender, Oliver Morales entered a plea of innocence before circuitier Roberto Penero. What country are we talking about? What country are we talking about with a bunch of names like that? All I lumped in O'Noranja. Perez is charged in the August 29th, stroke death of seven month old Philip Goodman, if convicted she faces up to 20 years in prison. Police said Perez a neighbor of Phillips mother Clarice Goodman left Philip for our strapped in his car seat in the back of the minivan, Perez was supposed to drop Philip off at a daycare center, discovered the child dead hours later police said Pino Ro said another hearing from River 11, Charlie from November 25. Since 1992, kids and cars had reported 18 deaths in Florida involving young children and cars. Do you know there was an organization called Kids and Cars? No, I never heard that before. It sounds like toys are lost on a kids and cars. No, no, seriously, what is that? I never heard of that, no. This is from the Sun's Sentinel, Kids and Cars. It's an organization, I guess. 18 deaths in Florida involving young children and cars and probably a bunch of others that we never heard about. But this was not even a wrong kid. This was not even a wrong kid. Right. This was a neighbor's kid. And she left the kids strapped in the back of the minivan in sweltering heat and humidity for hours. Oh, guess what neighbor? Your kids that I screwed up. I guess something must have happened a while ago. I mean, what are we talking about, huh? And what kind of a goddamn foreign country Jesus, God, angels of man. I'm so glad I'm not an epinetic or publicly at least at the moment. Anyway, God, I mean, have to reconsider that whole idea coming back there even for a second. That is just some kind of a, uh, and that's not a third world country. That's an idiot world country. You people in Dave County, man. I don't know when you're going to wake up and stuff the dampedels, but you better get out of there while they're getting still good. I don't want to start getting on Dave County's ass. But get out of there. That's my best advice when it out, get the hell out. I'm a Carlos. Where do you live? Dave County. Yeah, unfortunately, they can. I keep trying to talk to them about that. Well, I wear in Dave County. Well, now I live on the beach, but that's just recent. I have my whole family lives like a Westchester. Oh, Jesus, Christ, that's not even close to the county line. Nope. Not even the same country. You can't even make a run for it. And then we got Miguel who also lives in Dave County, which of course is, just outrageous, just out of landage. And you know who else lives in Dave County? What's going to show it at somebody with money lives in Dave County? Obviously is a lack in for brains. Yeah. I'd be like that. Of course, in a big fancy expensive house, great lives in Dave County in the house that in Rica used to live in. I want to bring Rica left in a drop-in swarm. You think he has a bird? A small one. I think it's a cockatoo. 149 votes. Who would you prefer to have his leader of the free world today if you could choice if you could say if you could choice it? Bill Clinton 75 George W. 30, 20 Blair 27, and I'll sharpen 17. Shot at you and nearly miss employees. A lot of guns going off last couple of days. You know that? And a lot of stories involving gun rights. And of course, we all know why there's a lot of stories involving guns. That's the American fucking way. Exactly. A gunman apparently protesting these. What is that? What is that? What was that? I think this thing is automatic pilot myself. A gunman apparently protesting the steady human rights in North Korea, kind of over an unperturbed fence that you went headquarters yesterday afternoon and fired seven shots. At the building with the revolver, nearly missing several employees. Do you want a security chief said? The man identified as Steve Kim. Then chewed on a 357 caliber magnet. Was that talking about 357 magnets yesterday? Yes. Maybe he was listening to the show. Walked over to a bag he had brought. Reached inside tossed a handful of written flyers into the air that contained a rambling political message about human rights in North Korea said chief Michael McCann. Did you see the rambling message that he wrote? No. It looked like some of the stuff which Adam wanted to mention a names to encourage anybody to start facts in this again. But some of the stuff that we've received on the facts machine over the years that you know I'm referring to. Yes. I mean. I mean. Like that. Kim then leaned against the flagpole calmly watching a security agent's approach and handcuffed him. He did not resist. The flyers were addressed to all people who love freedom and justice and complained about the plight of North Koreans that were written in English and signed by Steve Kim citizen of the UN. The UN Security Council was meeting inside of the time. No evacuation of other steps were taken, said UN spokesman, Huajang. Kim was taken into custody by members of the protective detail was preparing for the departure of the motorcade of a visiting dignitary. The detail include members of the Secret Service, the State Department's Protection Service and the New York Police Department, UN Security Personal also responded McCann said. Kim was turned over to the FBI, will be a rain and federal court today. He said Mike Colstad, a spokesman for the West Attorney's Office. He said at least two of the shots struck windows on the 18th and 20th floors of landmark building in Manhattan along the East River. Then we just had like a guy going out shooting airdied dream man in New York on Wednesday. We had that story yesterday. Do we have that story about the United States shooting all over the place? Yeah, Maryland. No, no, I'm not talking of knowing New York. Shoot now the sniper in New York. You guys better get with it, mister. You're confusing your Maryland shooters with the New York shooters, whether you win shooter. Man, you better get with it. Because if you're going to be on the bandwagon here and the good versus evil access battle, you better know who you're shooting at. You follow what I'm saying? Instead of John Wayne, you're starting to like an Lakaja fool. You're starting to act a little more like Feywain. 154 votes on a poll. I'm watching this with great interest today. Who would you love prefer to be the leader of the free world today? With all the stuff that's going on, the economy is in a craft. Oh, gee, I'm looking at that little thing on a right hand side. The Dow is down another 55 and then as next down of almost 10. Man, hey, was it Robert Dornin or something like that? No, no, but he, you know something? He's Rogan. That's it. That's it. In fact, how about some Rogan for James Rogan? Two late. How are they spawning that? ROG and? Yes. That's the one. But now that you mentioned that Bob Dornin who's a real card carrying Nazi who got the feed at last time. Oh, man, let's hear it for that. We got rid of Bob Bar and that Nazi in a very short period of time in a couple of years. Bob Dornin and Bob Bar. Maybe they can go over there and celebrate. They can hang out at the Brandon Brigade. You see who was at the Brandon Brigade ceremony, which I talked about yesterday, you see who was there yesterday? No. Bubba. And they loved him. They loved him. See, see, they don't see in Europe. And most of the rest of the world, they don't care about the leader of a country getting a few blow jobs. In fact, they all just, they were cringing. They couldn't believe this, this shenanigans that were going on over here. While we should have been worrying about terrorism and about finding Osama Yamama and doing important things, we had a waste two years and sixty or seventy million dollars of the taxpayer money on a on a witch hunt about a guy's sex life on his banana business. And they can't relate to that. They don't understand it. How anybody can be so puritanical even over descended from the brids they still can't understand it. So Victorian, so hypocritical, so full of crap. And especially when the people were conducting the witch hunt come to find out, most of them are a bunch of horror mongers anyway. No. So the fact of the matter is they love Bubba around a world because they realize that he's got, he's got something. We don't know exactly what it is, but he's got something. Especially, you know, an IQ larger than his thumbnails, especially compared to certain others, which we won't mention. Twelve minutes at Leic<|th|> Governor. Twelve minutes after ten and his brother at five sixty wqaim, Papa de Harnes is doing it baby. They're back in action with live racing tonight and every Friday in certain night. There's a new first race post time 17 is seven 15 p.m. V. alerted to that, seven 15. And for the first time in the 40 year history of the tractor is free clubhouse and free grandstand admission all season long and is always free general parking. There are two new wages this year, Papa de Park, come play the super super with a $10,000 bonus payout or try one of the two pick four wages. This Friday night tonight is CSK night. There'll be free prize drawings to 1,5 trips for two on the CSK casino dinner crews. Also on a program tonight is the 48,000 dollar finals of the Florida Sunshine Stakes for Trotters and tomorrow night is the 48,000 dollar sunshine stakes finals for Paces. For the next two weeks, Papa de Park will be open for live racing. You'll be Friday and Saturday as in tonight and tomorrow night. The track is open every day. If your live seven days and nights a week, still for a final casting, starting at noon, please don't forget to new post times as at tonight and tomorrow 715 for live racing. Papa de Park on par live motorblocks out of the Atlantic Boulevard, horse power can plunge your guts on. Taking him as a hell of a chance to change your life. Bill's tell you he loves you but won't leave his wife. Many thefts does it all. Jay and whims out of night. That's why it's like if you are dear to the sky. God help you with your daring sky. That is who's you're going? You're going just like that. All the women say, condits are quit and broder Jay. If you rest down your name it is little black, both they might pull you from the river on the end of a hook. He'll change your life. Bill's tell you he loves you but won't leave his wife. That thefts does it all. Jay and whims out of night. That's why it's like if you are dear to the sky. God help you with your daring sky. Who's you're going? You're going just like that. I got something here. Thank you David. One of our regular factions. I got a website. Have you ever checked this out? Yuckstuck.com. You must go to it. I'm going to why you ks.com. Yuckstuckcom. You will just craft your pants with especially the Brittany poster. Will you already want? See this and I guess maybe James Rogan is still in the Congress. I don't know. I haven't seen him in a long time. We know James Trafficking made like a departure or something. I'm going to go. I'm going to read hanging out. But at any rate are you want to yet? I'm getting there. I'm on the opening thing. Entering. What's this? Entering. Yuckstuckcom. I'm answering it. Scroll up to where you see those gigantic hudders. They got the poster of Brittany which a little bit talked it up. They're where she got hudders. The size of water. Brittany knew to me. That's on it. Oh God. Virgin Mary nude. Oh there. There's some great stuff. And then they got Ari Fleischer's picture. They're only says, Ari lie sure. poster. Mad as hell. There's Alfred E. Newman and Ron. Oh it's got some beautiful stuff. But anyway, so what the inspired me to check that out is because they would fasses me this battle of the bad two pays. And it's a contest to have an ongoing thing. I'm not finding it on there right now. Maybe you will. It says each week will pit two competitors with whacked out hair hats in a quest to find the ultimate champion in the battle of the bad two pays. Our first competition faces off two politicians. James Trafficking. Antdemocratable Hile and James Rogan Republican in California both members of the wig party. That's W. H. I. G. Do your duty in vote now. I don't can't find that on there. Can you? No, I'm trying to go. I know you're born off. You're probably busy. No, all this crap is popping up here. Oh, it's a beautiful thing. Yuckstuck compost. When is now checking out right now? Why you? I had to close the browser. It was taken over. Some excellent stuff. Let's still do it. Anyway, moving right along. Well, that's because you got that crappy. You know, you got the belts that belts south. Whatever it is that piece of turd. plea for help in Maryland shootings. Five shot dead. Washington, boy, they're going on about this on CNN because I guess there's nothing else exciting going on today. Except the fact that Hans blitz says, oh, well, wait. Will wait. Police hunted a very calculating killer or killer yesterday and they're still hunting. Who shot to that three men and two women. What they believe were random incidents all outside over 15 hours in the afternoon. Washington, suburb of Montgomery County officials reached out to the public for help and offered a reward. If you have any information, all you might be helpful call. Uh, the idea. You don't want that number. Said Montgomery County executive directed Douglas Duncan. We're also offering a reward of up to 50 grand for information. Leave me the rest and indictment of whoever's responsible for this. Montgomery County Police, you Charles Moose. Appeal to anyone who might have seen something out of the ordinary to notify police. Please, please, we need people to talk to us. He said, let us piece it together. This is not some lightning bolt from the sky. Somebody knows somebody saw it. The killings were out of character for the area. He said, nothing like this is ever happening in Montgomery County to say, very safe community or used to be a homicide rate just increased by 25% in one day. All public schools in Washington, DC and the Maryland Suburb of Montgomery and Prince George's county canceled after activities. We strongly believe all of these are connected. Moose told reporters. I wonder if he was kind of the late pirates picture Bob Moose. He said his statement was based on the weaponry. He was but did not elaborate. Moose said the police believe the victims were randomly selected. These are simply victims and we need to figure out a way to stop this. He said, most described the killer or killer is very calculating. Anna goes out of describe all this and the list is flumb. But we already know that anybody can watch and TV more than two minutes and less 48 hours. But we already know that. Yes. I would think so. I'll tell you that Yuck's dot com is going to take me while to recover from that. See the thing with the James Rogan is and the pictures on there on their website don't do him justice. Is that the piece starts so far back on his head. It starts like in the middle of the head. You know what I mean? Yes. Like a bad piece ahead gear. Here's Paul Finley writes, so this is in the LA Times. Paul Finley a Republican represented Illinois and House of Representatives from 1963. He was a major author of the War Powers Resolution 1973 and he says don't give Bush War Powers. Is what Paul Finley says. He says, my former colleagues in Congress are grappling with President Bush's request for congressional authority to use all means necessary including force against Iraq and to take action in order to deter and prevent acts of international terrorism. It is unlikely that Congress will ever face a request of higher risk to the well-being of the American people as well as to wall of humankind. In brief the President asked Congress to support his decision to establish warmaking as a presidential policy tool rather than an instrument of last resort. Until now, declaring more is accepted as the exclusive domain of Congress, the People's Branch of Government. The President's new security document shifts basic policy from the Turin's to dominance of adversaries and irrigates enormously authority to the President. To fulfill the self-appointed duty to police the world, our government declares that a must maintain absolute military supremacy worldwide and take all necessary action to assure that adversaries relations do not increase their military power. In a notable bit of error against the planet even assumes U.S. responsibility to advise other nations starting with China on proper budget outlets for military purposes. The planet relegates the United Nations and all their international institutions to the supporting rules if they take the lead that the United States directs fine if not they become irrelevant. Is the attempted worldwide rule prudent for any nation even when his large militarily strong and democratically based as the United States should a President abandon this country's longstanding principle of opposition to preemptive acts of war? If we do strike in violation of international law, other states will reasonably conclude that such strikes are acceptable military conduct. In that case the world may sink to the law the jungle. Even if Congress concludes that preemptive acts of work can be justified, other questions remain. Should advanced congressional approval be required in each case if so can Saddam Hussein's regime in a rack be considered a sufficient threat U.S. security to qualify for preemptive assault? Any resolution must be drafted so carefully that it cannot be construed as an exploration of war which would automatically convey dictatorial power to the President. As a member of Congress in 1848 Abraham Lincoln said it were making as the most oppressive of all King Lea of oppressions and he also declared that the Constitution was constructed in such a way that no one man should hold the power bringing this oppression upon us. Congress must deny the President's request for a fast approval of a preemptive strike against Iraq the issues involved are two monumental for a quick decision but as an interim response Congress could enact a concurrent resolution listing the circumstances in which the President may constitutionally order acts of war to comply with a treaty obligationer to repel a military attack against the territory of the United States. It's possessions, military services engaged in peaceful maneuvers or shipping to participate in humanitarian rescue operations or in response to a declaration of war other authority approved by majority of the members of each house of the Congress. Written by Paul Finley in the LA Times. And by the way speaking of war I'm picturing war on the beast. Okay. Well, seriously, what kind of crap is that? I don't know, maybe as an excuse, maybe he's incapacitated or something. He's incapacitated. He's being held prisoner. I understand the way fat people work. Be one of them myself. I understand the way that our minds work and here's a guy that comes back after going on at crews. Okay. Now you know God damn well that he like a pig on that crew as you know that's for a fact. When you bet the Greg's life on it, I don't know it for a fact, but likely you'd bet a lot of cash on sure somebody else's. And the fact doesn't matter is that now that he doesn't show up two days and row and leaves his little black sack there means see this is really going to piss off Troy over there at Valence for life. You do understand that dog. I know I didn't want to say it wouldn't. It wouldn't surprise me. It would mean I mean I would appreciate need every bit of every correct. In fact, George would probably take that home for the weekend because he's got me know starving family there with that I'm on a new little kid and all this other stuff going on and his wife who can really eat up a storm. So you know you put all of that together. Then you've got this beast creature there that we're trying to save his life and he just refuses now. He just bailed out on us. Which I find totally unacceptable. No one of that can't is awesome. I was off that morning show you know it. I'm starting to think now maybe we're given mole like a bad rap. The bad mole rap over her puppy we plan that next week. 1026 at 560 WQAM. If you love your home but you desperately need some more space for things. What do you do? What do you do? What do you do? The smart thing like George is doing hundreds of other people are doing. You call our group close personal friends our palys at strictly additions. Whether you have an a baby need another room maybe you're converting a carport or patty and living space. Maybe you're going to the business for yourself. Want to make home office for Ms Cleo. Call strictly additions. Do your one stop shop more space for your place place with an absolutely positively worry for your approach to expanding your living space. Those no shows by the contractors you've heard about will happen in complete work no chance no unexpected bills. No worries about the job not getting done right and they take care of every single last detail. They drop your blue prints. They get the building permits and all the inspection strictly additions. This has got an easy 5-step approach to total customer satisfaction. First they call the schedule a free project of adoration appointment right in your home where project estimator will determine the scope of your addition. Secondly they schedule a bit of payment in their convenience store where you'll get a detailed proposal and exact price for the work. Third select your finishing touches you go to contract 4th review the design architectural drawings. And once all of that's done number 5, sit back with a big fat smile on your ugly posts and relax. As your dream edition moves at on schedule with unbeatable quality you can't be to move the stick. They serve all of Broward and South Palm Beach County. Check out their ad on the L. Pages you've like we just call for clear additions at 9504 791-8100. That's 9504 791-8100. They're licensed. They're insured and they do spectacular work for you. Call at number today. Tom that old Neil and PD Lane told you to call strictly additions 9504 791-8100. Blime Luego your sports w five 60s you get three You've punched heisen. Yes. I am!app I'm a bomb bomb bomb, who's saying I'm a bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb Let me burn who's saying I'm a bomb bomb, who's saying I'm a bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb I'm a bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb I'm a bomb bomb bomb bomb There ain't no freaking babies We'll stay in them, strike their head I'm a bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb George W. is getting out of you He's stabbing didn't do it So it's way over soon, bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb I'm a bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb Oh, I'm a bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb So dumb is an A-hole Let's turn them into charcoal Oh, I'm a bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb That's 33 at 5.60 W to Q AM So that beasting man has started really green He's on his way anyway, he's sick He's sick, but he's coming anyway Because he's a real trooper, he's sick No, you want to know why he's sick, because he went on that cruise with mommy and daddy That's a way sick You're probably right No, and then I'm not probably right You're just as dr. Just as dr. Neil OK, who just performed a very delicate operation You're in a break that you're not even aware of OK, you know, I had a paper jam Let me just give a little piece of advice to all the people in the Saudi And so OK, don't panic, OK No, seriously, a lot of times things happen And just like our engineering department always looks down there And knows if the rest of us like we're a bunch of morons Well, it's pretty amazing how app I've been in this studio Since way back on the first and March And every single thing that's like, you know, little things That have gotten screwed up in here I've been able to handle, how do you like that? We're impressed And even when the engineer, when our Toronto engineer came in that one day And got on the full with course so And but I would have been with a mini bob But I'd have been, but remember all of that to try to get the phone thing I'm screwed and turn out worse than the firewall was on that And anyway, and then when we had to get that thing straight Now I said in here on the full with mini bob And in about 30 seconds there was got it back on How do you like that? Got it all straightened up Good job So anyway, we had like a paper jam in here But not like your ordinary, like the paper came about halfway out, you know? Right And I pulled that sheet on and then I looked up the cover and put it back down But it's still saying paper jam and I think, oh oh And I look inside and sure enough there's a sheet Stuck inside, you know what I mean? Mm-hmm Like inside the guts of my fax machine My very, very mediocre It's pretty good actually, makes a lot of noise But it's okay What? It's not as good as the one that's sitting there Oh no, this one's a drain Or the one that I'm stupid But did they rate so I look into it? And I see all I have to do is lift out the ink cartridge The tonic cartridge? Yeah Where the paper is like, because I see where it's going And I lifted, went and down, lifted out I yanked out of there in the paper too And we're rocking a roll and a goo How do you like that? This is a little pad on my back and why not? So the beast is sick but he's coming And I have to embarrass him in with that So there's a method of my madness and it works Come in and get your sack man and quit the making excuses And if he's sick that means he ought to do good on the scale Right? Right? Worked for me and answered him Boy that week I had the fluke got all money I lost about 600 pounds in five minutes I'm more like crazy You can just mutton And that, and that too So get his ass in there and arrest him too And let's get him going here Let's not let him slip off And like I said, you don't need any guide They enfood you're not on some die No seriously I could do without it but I really really love it and appreciate it I don't care Okay I want Troy over there to balance for life Let's take care of the beast Let's save this one man If we can make him into human being I'm trying to, that's, let's go to shock the world That'll be more impressive than anything So somebody faxes me along article here by somebody By John Murphy This is on salon.com The bald facts And informal survey of two-paste transplants Weaves and die jobs are veals They tend to 22% of the assemblers are engaged in the cover-up Well I'm not, it's a very long piece so to speak But he says senators Joe Biden Democratic Delaware and Strom Thurmond Republican South Carolina, the transplant leaders Thurmond was born in 1902 Was at 97 probably in 10-lucky Ball of plugs and Brown here in cosmetic surgery His heart desires just keep him away from foreign policy William Roth Republican and Delaware Oh, that, oh yeah Oh, has, what must be the most Egregious wigg in the Senate But he have to give him credit for least Going with Gray and keeping with the 78 years Have you ever seen him William Roth? Nope It's like one of those that's like, you, it's sitting on the head, you know? Like don't lean your head into the light too far to the right or the left Senator Bob Smith, that big tab of crap from New Hampshire With his rugged movie star looks, but it kind of looks like Wallace Beriod says Has the second worst to pay although Senator Daniel Akaka Democratic Hawaii looks like his is one that covers the most territory Senator Akaka, his piece looks like Kakaka Senator Akaka from Hawaii Oh, this is a good story you're going to like Which, how about you didn't even know about? Well, or maybe you did Couple cost-hopulating in Cathedral Rani's sexathon Prosecutor say Did you know that? No, I did not From News Day Maybe they were also trying for the Guinness Book of World Records It says the couple arrested in August Relatively having sex in St. Patty's Cathedral for a Rachi radio show Also did the need and a half dozen other public places that Afternoon including the F.A.O. Schwartz toy store And the sidewalk in front of the Carnegie Dellys That is a source from anywhere the case In court papers yesterday prosecutors claimed Loretta Linn Harper 35 and Brian Florence 37 both of Virginia Engaged in sex act that several public Manhattan locations For a total of three hours before I dig up in the Cathedral I guess practice makes perfect Although the papers did not list the locations The source said the sites were a taxi, a bank vestibule, a hotel And the Cinderella section of a Disney store And addition to F.A.O. Schwartz and the Carnegie Dellys Florence and Harper were St. August 15 on charges of public Lootness after allegedly having sex in the Cathedral as part of the Open Anathy radio show A stunt that offended Catholics and others Lended the discontinuation of the program They got their asses canned Also charged in the stunt was comedian Palmer Currier 40 of Manhattan and employee of WDWD WFM will allegedly lead the couple from location to location And provide it a running commentary Court paper say, Mercurial possessed a list of sites that stated the point F.A.O. is reached the churches were 25 points Rocket Fellow Center 30 points And described the sex acts on the year The radio show was holding a contest where by couples Engaged in sex in Manhattan for the chance to win a trip to Boston A tour of a brewing house in the chance to attend a party with Opie and Anthony, speaking by phone later Carnegie Dellys on her sandy Levine recalls his workers Called him outside that August day and the Priests were to be seen. Levine said he didn't mind much but he wasn't fighting In a many sandwiches after the couple either In other words, he's not changing the names of his meat Employees at Disney stores said they nothing In the Leds incident while spokesman for F.A.O. Schwartz Didn't sound quite as accepting We won't confirm more tonight said the spokesman Alan Marcus I have no comment. The story is an over The Amorist couple in the alleged moderator We're in court again Wednesday and they're due back November 13. So how come we didn't hear about that until now? Don't know. Because evidently the other people and even the one place Did it weren't all are said about it But they weren't all bent out of shape like the church people were Right. Because once they were told there's no hanky Panky going on in a church baby I know that bullcraft going on in the church Make no mistake about that. When it's out don't whip it out I like the law. This is what real life is. You are the new man. What's wrong? What's wrong? My dad lost me. He made two and he took me up. When I was on the day well. He was like, I was killed by my daddy. Who walked to my dad's necklaces. I was listening to a queen. It's not a meeting of it. To me, I'm not someone who knows. He beat me and beat me to death or hell. And that's my head as you go. He's talking and holding those the power now. So they're gonna let him go. My dad's not there. He made two and he took me up. So he's the one who did it. You live here and have it. I got my daddy not here. I got my daddy not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. If you want to talk to one woman and she certainly understands it. That's the same way video tape police interviews. More than a year after the murder ran investigators suggested to more mother of the physical evidence linkeder of the sling the interview to be sure on CBS48 hours tonight is used in a segment called Searching for a Killer It wasn't clear who made the video available to the network. If I told your right now we have trace evidence that appears to linked to the death of jumpa nay What would you tell me, Patsy Ramsey replied, That's totally impossible, go retest. The detective responded, How is it impossible? Ramsey replied, I didn't do it. CBS will show another video that includes Boulder Police Chief Mark Beckner confirming in a November 2000-Mundus deposition that detectives regarded Patsy and her husband John Asuspects in the death of a six year old of the bit of the little girl. Beckner declined to come on in his deposition except setting an excerpt setting confidentiality order. Beckner said his office gave the Ramsey's copies of each video tape in a view. He said his department did not give copies of the tips of CBS and refused to speculate how that I work here. 215 votes, 215 on our poll so far today. Who would you prefer to have his leader the free world right now? Bill Clinton, 115, 53.5%. George W. Bush 42, 20 Blair 38, and Al Sharpton, 20. Speaking of speaking of that, a majority of Hispanic voters identified themselves as Democrats as the Washington Post, but they show significant ambivalence toward the party, suggesting a growing electorate that may be up for grabs according to a survey released yesterday. Although 49% of Hispanic voters surveyed identified themselves as Democrats, one fifth is Republicans and other fifth is independence. The Democratic advantage disappeared when those surveyed were actually they had more confidence in Democrats in Congress or President Bush. 43% favored Democrats and 42% chose the president according to an national survey by the Pew Hispanic Center and the Kaiser Family Foundation. Were you familiar that there was a Pew Hispanic Center? Nope. What you are now? The findings suggest that Hispanics of broad category encompassing Cubans, Puerto Ricans, Mexicans, Banners, Dominicans and South and Central Americans, those foreign born and those native born, have political views that defy easy categorization said Robert Ciro, director of the Pew Hispanic Center. With the Latino population is very hard to pigeonhole, Ciro said, Cornhole yes, pigeonhole no. Latino Democrats are very different than traditional white Democrats and Latino Republicans are different from the traditional Republican. There's not a clean and easy fit, he said. Unless of course it's at the T-Romit JCPennes and Westland. Hispanic voters have more confidence in Democrats than Republicans when it comes to the economy by margin of 53 to 27% but four and ten say there's no difference between the major political parties. Well now we're getting more, okay? Not much difference. It's just that one isn't as dangerous as the other one. I think that's basically what it boils down to. Well, I didn't see what this doesn't do though. It doesn't separate because I could waste your time going through this whole thing. But it doesn't separate like the Cubans from the Puerto Ricans and the other, it's being ignored more diverse even than Anglos. There are more perverse even than Anglos, but there's no question about that, especially a Westland. There's a lot of perverse that you go in on there. If you want to go ahead and have a good time this weekend doing the limbo rock, take your power drill and just build a few extra glory holes if there's still some room left. You can like put your initials underneath it, okay? Just be sure where rubber gloves will be a real good idea. Pakistan test new fear capable missile. Pakistan has successfully test art and indigensely developed medium-range surface to surface ballistic missile after warning neighboring Indian advance to the exercise. The test conducted this morning came as more than a million Indian and Pakistani troops remained locked in a 10 stand-up along their shared border that's last in almost 10 months. The missile named is the Hattiff 4- or Shaheen, is believed to have a range of 610 kilometers between the 80 miles and is capable of carrying both conventional and nuclear warheads. Prior an notification of the test had been given in neighbors as well as some friendly countries, the Inter-Services Tipper relations director had said in the press release. A Pakistani military official quoted by the AP described the test as routine. It's unclear why Pakistan chose to test for the missile today less than a week before Pakistan holds elections October 10th and during the final phase of voting in Indian controlled Kashmir. The test also followed a visit by Christina Rockau, the U.S. assistant secretary for South Asia who left the region Thursday after attempting lower tensions between Indian Pakistan over the disputed territory Kashmir. For its part India's dismissed the Pakistani test as a publicity stunt ahead of next week's voting. As we've said before, we're not especially impressed with those missile andex-apakistan external affairs ministry spokeswoman, Nurem Pama Rao told reporters. How are you doing Nurem Pama? As as well known, Pakistani missiles are based on clandistantly imported materials, equipping and technology, she said. Unlike ours, which are made of good stuff. It's really great in it. Oh boy. Yeah. Speaking of crazy people, prosecutors are pissed off and fired up about the Eskakele movie. Prosecutors who want to murder conviction against Kennedy Kesa Michael Skakele are upset about a planned movie, which they say gives undue credit to Mark Ferman, the former Los Angeles Police detective wrote a book about the case. Ferman known for his role in the OJ Simpson murder trial wrote murder in Greenwich. The only book on the case to let Skakele murdered Martha Moxley in 1975. Skakele and nephew of Ethel Kennedy was convicted as we all know in June of beating Moxley Beth with a golf club when there were 15 year old neighbors in wealthy Greenwich now 42 he was sentenced to 20 years in life in tries to let him prison. I want to use the same golf club that Moxley was used and I won bit. Ferman's book is made in which to our movie to remember 15th on USA Network. Christopher Malone used to be a series law and order to rescue the U and HBO's eyes. Place Ferman see there's that eyes again. Prosecutor Jonathan Benedict says a draft of the script, probably suggests Ferman's book prompted Skakele's prosecution. It implies that he was, if not responsible, certainly greatly and greatly influential in this decision to bring about a prosecution better to set. They just don't like him, you know? No, they don't. Because he once used that right inward. I bet you used that S word one too, you know what that is? But that's not, speak. Probably. That asserted is the meaning to the entire division of crime justice in Connecticut, but it's by the way speaking of Connecticut. Now I sure hope that Beast isn't too sick. Is that a home game that you and faster game this way? I mean you come game. We don't know. How would we? I don't know. Maybe Carlos might know. No, I don't be watching it on TV, but that's about it. You'll be watching it on TV. Do you end against another girl's school against VASER? I mean you can. House. Give it through it. Get out of here. That assertness deemines the entire division of criminal court justice in Connecticut, Ben tortuli ap, the train was out of the station and wait on the tracks before that book ever came out. He said, this is a guy who tried to jump on a train that already left the station. The script notes, Connecticut, authorities convened a grand jury to investigate the murder of a month after Firmann's book was published in May of 98. Ben at the city decided to seek a grand jury investigation in January of 98 when he took over the case but authorities were waiting results of forensic tests. Firmann, the adic who found a bloody glove in the Simpson case pleaded no contest to purgey after being accused during that trial flying above his use of racial slurs, including Nigger and Spick and Kite and Maki Bastard and Wop etc. He said it was not claiming sole credit for the case. So he said, the criminal court was not a criminal court and the police did not have a case. And the criminal court was not a case. He said, it was not a case. But he said, it was not a case. But it was a case. But it was a case. And the case, including a book proposed by Schick and Muli, that was a key part of the trial. I think it certainly put the pressure on Connecticut to do something Firmann said, Ben at the strongly disagreeing with saying authorities already had the book proposal. Goop. Where? See, you're always picking on those poor Chinese people. But you know it's not going to be a deal. And that guy was Korean yesterday at the when a guy with a gun that we're talking about at the Koreans are goop. Korean guy. Oh, I see. Chinese people are friends. Koreans are goops. How do you know we don't have a couple of Koreans listening to the show out there right now? I'll take a Korean over at Chink Nide. Now is that South Korean? Of course. Of course. This is in, what is this in? This is in time. October 7th, the New Issue of Time magazine. In fact, there are a couple of interesting things on here. The lessons of Empire by Michael Elliott as Bush considers Colony at Colomizing Iraq. You got to look at the last attempt. I'll save that though for a couple minutes. This one. General Carl Roe reporting for duty. Carl Roe spent last week where he usually does out of the limelight. But that didn't stop Democrats from seeing Roe everywhere. His invisible hand guiding all that the White House has done to prepare the U.S. for war. For months, Democrats have suspected that Roe, President Bush's chief strategist, was manipulating the war on terror to Republicans' political advantage. In August, when Democratic operative Jim Jordan was asked how War might affect November elections, he replied constantly, you mean when General Roe calls in theirstrikes in October? And when Majority Leader Tom Dashal erupted on the Senate floor last week, accusing the Bush White House apologizing in the National Security debate, he fingered Roe as a principal culprit. Over dinner in a Washington state house, Roe laughed off suggestions that he had manufactured the reactivated ever detention from the Sagging economy. It's ridiculous he told time. That's not me and you know it. But that's the thing about Roe, few people know exactly where or whether the percent of his cloud diverges from reality. There is no doubt that Roe breaks among the most influential staff members ever to advise a president. He is so perpetent, as perpetent, as political and policy and for his so Catholic, as with a small sea, that it's sent for Democrats and Republicans like was assume there are no limits to Roe's power even if there are. Roe has to have it a few things speculation that the White House is wagging the dog. In January, he's existed that the war on terror created a political advantage because Americans trust the Republican Party to do a better job of protecting and strengthening America's military life and thereby protecting America. In June, a misplaced disc at containing one of Roe's presentations, including advice to candidates to focus on the war in the relation campaigns. When friends ask whether Bush really plans to invade Iraq, Roe has been known to reply, let me put it to you this way. If you want to see Baghdad, you'd better visit soon. But the image of General Roe drawing up war plans exist mostly in the imagination of Democrats who fear and low the man inside is where the vice president and Cheney defense secretary Rumsfeld and Secretary of State Powell wouldn't stand for interference from a political operative. Superhawks, Cheney and Rumsfeld didn't need Roe to tell him to target Sodom and Powell is warned the White House that he doesn't expect to receive and won't accept phone calls from Roe. Then there's the president who likes to keep his exuberant aid in check by terribly reminding him who's boss. Says head Gillespie, a Republican strategist who worked with Roe on a Bush campaign. If Carl said we should invade Iraq to help us in the Vemper elections, he would have found himself sitting on his ass on Pennsylvania Avenue because the president would have thrown him out of the Oval Office. Still Roe knows an opportunity when he sees one, and private Republicans can see that Bush's focus on Iraq has vastly improved their chances in November and bless Roe for his efforts. More than a few Republican candidates taking their cue from Bush's political guru are beating the war drums in their speeches and inciting that their democratic opponents are soft on defense. But others fear this kind of talk has gone too far and could backfire. There are some high level people in the White House Carl Roe being the main driver who are using this for politics as a Republican senator who is message to his colleagues as don't be baited, don't let Roe hook you. The Roe vincicity doesn't play a foreign policy role. He fought an internal battle, as he would Bush's economic informed policy advisors over steal tariffs. Roe was for imposing the duties favored by steal companies and unions in midwestern Swing States, any one. It was Roe who in July warned Republican lawmakers who wanted lift the trade embargo on Cuba that the White House would never go along. Bush's position was based on policy not politics, Roe promised but the congressman didn't buy it. The Cuban American lobbyist key to Bush's hope of winning Florida in 2004 not to mention his brothers tough re-election bid in November to be the state's governor. Since anti-embargo, Republican Jeff Flake of Arizona, everyone recognizes there is a political element to this. And almost everything else Roe was involved in, Roe was already drawn up plans for the 2004 Re-election campaign White House sources have told time, Ken Melman, his deputy, will leave the White House to be the official campaign manager. I wonder if he's kind of bud Melman. But Roe will run things from inside following the example of James Baker who managed Ronald Reagan's 1984. Re-election effort is White House chief of staff. Like Baker's as a senior White House official, Roe wants to be as much about policy as politics. Hi, like that, just what? What? We have a special guest. The beast, right? And he's so sick. Well, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, so why didn't you just call him say that? He did. And he wants to? And he wanted his food. He wanted his food. Well, huh, so what do you mean in the last two days? Uh, chicken soup? Good. No, let's hope on that scale. Is he going to take care of me? I did. I have bad news. What? I gained two pounds. For you, son, like crap, how you going to do the ball game tomorrow? I have no, and plus I'm doing the pre-game show, A. I suppose game show because John's a home game. Is it a home game? Oh, thank God for that. Vassure who they're playing? You, Colin. You, like I said, Vassure? And maybe the second I think could play Temple again sounds good to me. The Jewish boys. I think that Carl Roe is a roving maniac. We've gained two pounds back, but that's don't blame balance for life or that he went off of the thing he went on like that. Who's that? And I'm going to tell you something. There's a special place in hell. I don't want to curse your parents. I'm sure they're nice people or maybe they're not. But there's a special place in hell for people like, you know, kill young people like you with food. I'm high. And locals. This is for 3.05. You're the one who weigh you. Why do you breast it? You're the one who is the one who weighs you with food. You're the one who weighs you with food. Boston House baby out. Baby hod is a Texas Drow. She'd be skinny if she'd stop up in the chocolate center mouth. Lay in the fans around the world to win in and go win nuts. Go with Cisco and then be Bert morning. Give her two thumbs up, check out Howard. Brendan lawyer and the purple hair. Here's Kim, Bobby trendy for something you'll sugar pie. You know him, critics say it's Kables' worst. Yet it's number one right. That don't bother Anna and Nunchie's life in all the way to the bank. Yes indeed, baby she's got ratings that dazzles the best. They give something like parkana on that each channel. She got bigger hunts and an Arabian camel's for just a single segment. And on that each channel. Love the bloodhound gang. I'll turn it right now. Whatever happened to them. I'll turn it right now. I'll turn it right now. Huh? No they got some nobody you see in Europe. I was an Anthony in the summer. I saw their new video. Huh? You just don't see it here. I should say you don't see it there. Because they don't show any videos there. Plus where would you hear their music in South Florida? What station? My car. 250, some odd votes if this thing ever changes again. 250, who would you prefer to see is leader of the free world that they built Clinton 142 George W 49 Tony Blair 43. I'll sharpen stuck on 20. Good. Here's that and so is the beast. Okay he sounds terrible. I mean he's going to be he sounds and looks terrible. Let's see that's good that he came in. I mean particularly terrible. You follow what I'm saying? Yes. Because if he wouldn't come in we'd have said, oh yeah sure. Like we story he's sick and he's making excuses and he's going off the wagon, etc. But it's his parents are giving him the whammy. Okay stay away from your parents beast. Okay just take their money. Just tell me a check. This cruise business that made him sick and made him gain back to Ponds. We hadn't had one way in with him where he hadn't lost at least a pound. Right. Right about that. If my math is right he had lost the what was it? 55 pounds. Who's that all? I've got it right here. 55 pounds. Right. Which is still pretty good you know when he started to 84 but he's got a lot of way to go. He's about two feet tall. You got to understand he's a human bowling ball. He's a good thing he didn't have three holes in him. Or he might you might wind up heading down the old alley. But that little show you stay off those cruise ships. Stay away from your parents. Stay away from people who want you to see out from the stand that you think that his parents would be happy he's losing the way we're keeping him alive. Maybe his parents want to get rid of him. Huh? Aren't they Jewish parents don't aren't they compelled to feed their children to their children. Oh my god. Oh that's right. I forgot about that. Yeah. It's the push with one hand and pull away from the other so they can say, Oh you're so fat and an S S E D. Yeah that's the old Jewish thing. No. Seriously. Oh you're so fat here. Eat some of this. That's why my friends dad. Because he was Jewish because it was non. Look for the QA in van from 11 to one. It's he came performance center. Right now is a matter of fact. Good that you're doing this now. Thank you. Even if you do live in Dave County, puts located at the Home Depot shopping center corner Red Road in the Palmetto and Miami Lake. Stop by to play the mediocre but why is this super prize machine. But you'll see the lovely Miguel. Okay. Maybe give him like a little tickle on the chin. See what happened. Jo and Joe Costello three to five at public set 1395 Southeast 173 and Fort Lauderdale for the Mike's heart lemonade NASCAR giveaway. Boy that's for a real man. You know what? Mike's heart lemonade and NASCAR. You put that together and you got a real man. Stop by to win prizes register when two tickets to the homestead speedway race in November And then tomorrow they really bigger parents to the weekend. These are just kind of like teasers, you know. The bigger parents to the weekend and our George will be a Jared Jewelers. Why? At 13 and 16 30 North Federal Highway in Fort Lauderdale. One to three. He never heard of them but when he walks in they'll say, hey look at that. Who's that? No they'll say. Stop by to win prizes register when trip for two to see the dolphins. Tom the crap out of the jets in New York. That's tomorrow from one to three at Jared Jewelers in Fort Lauderdale. So we got a heavy duty weekend about kinds of good stuff coming up and speak in the weekend. Here's that story about beer more helpful than a helpful and wine. Which you didn't believe me. For years, brewers have been tried to match claims that red wine can prevent heart attacks now. There's research showing that moderate consumption of beer. One long neck a day for women and two for men is even better than wine. One long neck. That's what it says here in the Fort Worth Star Telegram. What about a wide mouth? How about a big rectum? Nothing would make the industry happy and in June National Group of Beer whole-cellus presented professors from Harvard and the University of Texas Southwest into journalists to publicize the favorable studies. Exposure in the Wall Street, Eurnal and on CNN and B.C. Today show on CBS the early show followed throughout the summer. The researchers stressed that going beyond moderation even slightly because of the benefits to start decreasing and triggers the host of other problems. No one should condone binge drinking and if we have liver problems you shouldn't break it all. Caution's Dr. Norman Chaplin, a hypertension specialist in Dallas who teaches at UT Southwestern. Chaplin has been reviewing the medical literature on the subject for years and says that a little bit of alcohol is very specific. Is it good to be healthy? Why less for women? They get a bigger kick out of alcohol. He says just as George. Yeah. And two servings is the upper limit for a man. A serving is 12 ounces of beer, a four ounce glass of wine, or one and a half ounces of 80 proof to still liquor. Oh, that's an eddy. That even don't get you to the Italian party much less so through the game. 12 ounces of beer? Nothing. Kaplan who enjoys both beer and wine himself and moderation says nobody assigns to every determined just what makes beer somewhat superior to wine could be the malt could be the barley could be the full lates. A vitamin that's known to provide protection and ah! Here we go. Dr. McColley Kilmer, Culkin, the Schmendrick. Your buddy. Could be the full lates. A vitamin that's known to provide protection against homocysteine, a protein that's been associated with more heart attacks. See, instead of drinking beer just takes full of acid that high-pholic complex like I do? Yeah. For homo level down to like about seven like minus seven point to absolutely which is a real good number. Or you can just drink a bunch of beer. See, one thing about those capsules I take a while making any fat or any already are. But drinking at beer. There was evidence for the past 30 years that beer was beneficial but none convinced more than a study by Kaiser Promenente published in 1999, issued the American Journal of Cardiology. It showed that moderate beer drinkers had fewer heart attacks than people who drank a equivalent amounts of wine or whiskey he said. Unlike other research, it might see about Belolago C. News something. That's why he never drank the wine. Unlike what's his name? Alchemist Dau. Unlike other research, it more carefully matched study participants. So wouldn't be skewed by say heavy smoking beer-banged rinkers and wine drinkers or exercise more regularly and went to the doctor more often. So a little bit of beer like two long necks for man, one for you women out there. That's before you get in the car on a way to the game. And then like 50 or 60 in the park and lot during the tailgate, which starts about eight, eight, nine in a morning. And then when a kickoff is at one o'clock by that time, what difference does it make? And then on your drive home. I remember one time, several years ago, when a panther's were still playing in Miami at the Miami Arena. And one night some asshole would grab a pick-up or a van or something. Just about wiped me out. Whatever the hell is it flagger street? Not flagger street. One of the side streets are going back to 95. Just about wiped me out. And then all of a sudden the window were, I was hiring Neil. Was one of our listeners just dropped off his ass man. Just, just drunk his ass skunk. Oh, hey, oh, hey, I'm a thin panther. Giving Neil meaning to the word coverage, a pencil being a lawmaker's introduced to build a require insurance companies to pay for hairpieces in certain cases. State representative Anthony Delucas is too patient be covered by insurance if hair loss is caused by a medical condition. Delucas bill notes to pay is a rock and was scraper can see as opposed to like in most cases just old age. Delucas bill notes to pay is a rock and was scraper cancels pay. And you know something before I go into that. You know, it's not that important. He was talking about his grandchildren. Today, my friend Mo. Yeah. Now let me ask you how old you think you'd be before you'd have grandchildren. Well, depends on what kind of a family you got. Like right. So I mean, like if your grandchildren are 30 for example. And why don't I have any idea? No, seriously. And if you have the grandchildren when you're 35. You're possible. Yeah. Yeah. But I'm talking about in all likelihood, you know. If you're 50. And let's say you had a kid when you were 25. Okay. So the kid is 25. Yeah. It's very conceivable. Right. Sure. But if the grandchildren are like 20. Yeah. It's again grandchildren are like 35. Well, I have no work at on that. We're going to get that birthday come hell or high water. June third Carlos is working on that. By the way, he's researching this. And then of course, we also have to find out if that's his real name. I never trusted Jews with two first names like Ted David Howard David, Morgan David. I never, I never, I buy that. Yeah. And you how I feel about phony names on a radio. 278 votes on a poll. Who would you like to see? Prefer to, I can't even read this. Who would you prefer to have his leader? The free world 279 votes. Bill Cento on 154. 55% George W. Bush 54. 55% to 95. You know something I'd like to see that is the next election. Right now, this November, let's have another presidential election. Let's forget about the election. All the other ones, unless there's another presidential election. Before it's too late, before they call them all off in the future. See, I think that's what they like to do. This band again, robbers of election stelers of, of, of, of, of, of, of, Electrical manipulators. I would love to see another, a, another election, Pronto right now. An emergency election for president Clinton against Bush. Well, just, well, just this one time will wave that restriction in the constitution. That amendment that says he can't, that he president more than two terms. Well, just wave that right now. Get surgically altered changes name and come back to somebody else. He could be Hillary. No, no, don't understand. He could be Hillary, but still him. He could be Hillary in his body. Hillary. It is kind of like, in fact, maybe he could take her heart. Now, that's not because she's got a heart. So, that's just forgot about that. I'm taking a guiding light, you know, where Rick Foward took Richard's, Prince Richard's heart. And now, for Riva, she's shrieking and screaming and carrying on there front of the judge. I'm guilty. I'm guilty. From my ass. But that's always there. They're really getting carried away. They're desperate. In fact, that's why they had been run around his underwear. Let's see that again. Foward, it's after 11. Don't forget Tom Brady and J. Foward's the big showdown as we get at the PP Park. Any predictions on the final score in our Carlos is a big dolphin fan. He's probably like, on the edge of a seat about this. Any prediction on the final score? That's going to be close. It's probably going to be a shootout. 37. 35. But we'll take it. The PP's will take that. On the last minute field, gold by Adam Venetarian. Oh, right. 64 yards. Brick in time, then sees record. Oral in the... A. By the way, Joe Costello went to school with a Linda Marimer. Remember that, George? Yes, I do. He was in the same class. He said, or Linda was hung like a butterfly. That's what he said. He said he said, the tiniest penis he's ever seen in his life, in my life. Foward and it's after 11. Ever the year got a small penis or a big penis. Your back is very important to you. You can like hold it up. You don't want to say no things with it. And if your back isn't failing, you'd probably part of the reason for that or maybe all of the reason is you're just not getting you a good comfortable night sleep night after night. And that's the signal. That's the message that your old mattress is had it. Time to get you a great new mattress. The smart way from dial a mattress called 1-800 mattress and get the ultimate free to rejoice in brand names when you do business with these people. The best in the world. That's a mock brand that nobody ever heard of before. Surdace, see these Simmons in King Cora. And whatever you do, don't rip that little tag off of there. You'll go to jail. No store can mask their selection of their sibling no prices. And because dial a mattress has the deepest selection of great brand name mattresses, there's no bait and swish exactly the one you order is the one you get. And you get it in no time at all. You know how it works. You get that great delivery deal. You pick today any day seven days a week when you're going to be home and the two are window. This is almost unheard of. Because most times you're waiting for something to be delivered. You know how it works. You sit around waiting all day. They'll say all between noon and six or between nine in the morning and four in the afternoon. And you wait and sometimes they don't even show up. That dial a mattress will be there. They'll take away the crappy old wedding set of the brand new one. And they give you a 30 day in home comfort trial and test it out. The real way by sleeping on it. Make sure it's the right one for you. Call them right now. Believe me. You'll thank me for calling dial a mattress. 1 800 mattress. That's 1 800 mA TTRES or check them out on the web at macros.com. Find social crazy xoxic. CONDIVER Fri Pickewamp I can't biji. Forget or sorry. Why the hell is my always got raped by men? To have a nice that m scale. You sure? But I'll never get raped if myócdock doesn't sit on it. Women don't trade men. And it's too bad that someone stripyou to a new joy. When he is some kind of fairy, why don't you go beyond other monkey for the organ grind that down the hall? I'm glad it's weird. When you know about being queer you're more on, I'm gonna write that up for no difference. Sorry, no dad. I'll see here. We supposed to be talking about sports here. Not about good looking men. Just men in general and nothing else. This is sports radio over here. We love men. But it gets to say you have a perk. Dad? But just the other night I saw this commercial on overnight TV. When his guy was growing out at the ocean, see? On this island filled with skippers, that are brought, they looked okay. But this guy in the commercial, I would say in an objective sort of way. He was pretty cute. You're laughing. Did I give you a playery spell? When this forest gets you eight moans. Yeah. And the guy was growing on the island. You thought he was cute? Yeah, that's right. Are you asking me to be a treasure? I asked him, yes, and you stole my economy. You wanted to fight again? And how? That guy had pitiful mouths. Who got their money? That was too much fun. Yeah, that was fun. Morgan grinders once again. You know, maybe I haven't loved what that man got much in his feet. He certainly does wake up ring the maroon. He's grown like a mean on rainbow. I want to think why it was just that we actually were not interested to the power of the people. But I keep the people. But you know how much I want to make to use rules. Get out of the hall. You're all nuts. You're all. Hey, I can't move. Look at the bulging your pants, ma'am. If I move the wrong way out. Hey, everybody. Mom has this pants. Oh, the boy you've grown. Oh, that boy's mouth. And I think I'm allergic to mangoes, by the way. I love it to mango tree bark. There's a moon only grows on those. 1118 at 5.60. W.A.M. Happy Friday. Two. We got the mad dog at one. Who's going to be all whipped up about that big game. It's the game of the season so far. But something. No, I'm not. I'm not. The hump will be along three to seven. We got Hank in a course because it's Friday already. Again, you got the day once that show five thirty to six thirty. As part of that whole business. And then look what we got tonight. Oh, brother. Seven to ten o'clock. It's the hudders. Collins football preview with Don Bailey Jr. And of course the anxious. The terminally and then any k after that, a ten o'clock and overnight ESPN radio because the dirty boys don't work on Friday night. Let's just say the old work Friday night because those got to get up early tomorrow morning to do his NASCAR show. Okay. The good excuse. Make sense. Charges may be filed against radio station employee for stud. I just heanked this off the effects machine that you just facts me. A radio station employee may face criminal charges for allegedly soliciting a 17 year old boy to walk naked in public. We could win concert tickets. Authorities are trying to determine whether the charges would be filed against the teen or anyone at radio station. KPWRFM in Los Angeles. With conspiracy and soliciting a person to engage in a lude act in public. The teen was arrested to the unsuspecting of intentional and public exposure of ones private parts. Police officer Jack Writters said the boys name was not released because of his age. These studs should be a matter of common sense in response to voted by the participants and the station itself. To say in this case over the behavior was not only obdacious but illegal. Police said the youth was encouraged by Joe Grande, a steep reporter for Burbank station morning radio personality big boy. Grande is known for getting people to perform what the station calls a deer of the day. Police said Grande was in the San Fernando Valley when he asked people to do something crazy to win tickets to a concert by the band P3. While at the location Grande announced on live air that he wanted somebody to move all their clothing and walked to all four corners of the intersection naked. The teen who told station workers he was 18 offered to perform the stunt police said police said they got complaints of man exposing himself to a school bus and to families driving the school. Station officials could not be reached for comment immediately. How do you like that? When you think that these guys would learn but that's how desperate they are folks to try to get an audience. Desperate. Desperate. Kind of like that payphone challenge thing, you know. Yes or miss that. Yeah. Drive home with us today. And you know what we should really play this in light of that story you read earlier. Play what? Here is good for you. Let's not. We don't have it. Oh good. But we do have I like Chinese. Yeah. Yeah. Got the money python thing right here. Oh that's right. I like to let's do that honor of Rick and Sads. Okay. And the legions of people out there are missing them better. I sure hope it's on this money python because I'm not going to have to play any of these in a long time. Maybe we can get money python singing beer is good for you. I like I bet you're slightly but honest. I like Chinese. Huh? I like that. I was kind of cute. Anyway, this isn't too cute. It's a pretty good article about Michael Elliott. The lessons of empires in this week's time magazine. Or you're not going to be rearclosed from time magazine. Yes. He says his bush considers colonizing your wreck. You ought to look at the last attempt. The photograph below. I wish you could see the photograph below all these slippers man. Looks like something on the stone age. Sheik Machmood with his men let revolts against British rule in Iraq. You ought to see this band of Murray men. The photograph below of a first looking group of men, Quailing and Tick Machine guns comes from an old album in my home. It dates from about 1930 in its caption reads, Sheik Machmood of Kurdistan, surrendered to political officer Victor Holt, VC accompanied by FOMO. Sheik Machmood was Mauboud Varzani. Chief to the famous Kurdish clan who loaded a series of revolts against British rule in Iraq after WWE won. FOMO was Royal Air Force Flight Officer Max Oxford Mylate Father-in-law. Max had spletted adventures in the service of the British Empire everywhere from Central Africa to the South China Sea, but he always had more memories of his years in Iraq, though this may be because he learned in noble sport of pig sticking there. We got pictures of that too. I suspect however that his affection for Iraq was a rarity. Britain's attempt to rule there was a disaster. At a time when broad-chested conservative believers in American power and do we hide will Sony and internationalists kind of play the new imperial adventure in Iraq, it's worth recalling what happened last time. In the curve of the Ottoman Empire at the end of WWI, London thought that the best way to secure roots to India, the jewel in Imperial Crown, was to dominate Mesopotamia. To that end, the treaty to close of the war, cobbled together Iraq from three Ottoman provinces, one Kurdish, one Sunni Muslim and the other Shiite Muslim. The British moved in under a League of Nations mandate. They didn't have a clue. In 1920 a full-scale revolt broke out by one account, Britain lost 450 in the rebellion, other sources put the figure higher. Very quickly, the British public wary of endless war in shock by reports that the RAF, routinely bombed women in children and Kurdish villages, turned against the intervention in Iraq. By the time the British slung home in the 30s, Iraq's brush would imperialism seemed over. Or perhaps not. George Bush's speech to the one last month explicitly cast America's Iraq ambitions, in terms much wider than the removal of Sautam Hussein's weapons and mass destruction. Bush contemplated nothing less than a re-making of the Middle East, into an area of democracy and economic freedom. The President looked forward to a day when people of Iraq can join a democratic Afghanistan and a democratic Palestine inspiring reforms throughout the Muslim world. Who could argue with that? Yet there's a problem with Bush's vision. It will have to be imposed from the outside. To be sure in the past, American imperialist practice has usually been more benign than Britain's, the RAF bombed Iraqi villages that were late paying their taxes, which even the colonial office of London thought was a bit much. And America's ostensibly motives to the RPUR, so long as we don't mention oil. Liberty for the Iraqi people said Bush is a great moral cause. It doubtless is, but just as beauty is in the eye of the beholder, so imperialism is in the mind of the imperialized. The motive of imperialist is irrelevant, Frances divided its past colonial policies by a mission to civilize. But does matter is that imperialism means ruled by others, and the end is the old colonial powers came to understand that breeds resettman and cost both money and young lives. Today's neo-imperialist claim that if the US could rebuild West Germany in Japan after WWII, it can rebuild Iraq. But the cases could hardly be more different. Both West Germany and Japan had fixed national identities, Iraq does not. Both nations, Germany especially, had memories of democratic institutions, Iraq does not. Neither Japan or Germany had better memories of prior attempts to impose colonial rule, Iraq does. Nor has Washington said precisely how Baghdad will be transformed into Omaha on the Tigris. Bush has signaled that Washington has no intention of doing the job alone, he looks to the prospect of the one helping to build a government that represents all Iraqis. But there's scared evidence that if he had been threatened by what an international effort to create a new Iraq would entail, or how to canvas outside help. A freerrack in a prosperous era world is in everyone's interest, and unseeding Sodom would be a good start down that road. It's what follows that's tricky. The lesson of history is that reform succeed best if they will up from within a nation not when they're thrust upon it from outside. If the administration seriously thinks otherwise, it will be nice to know what lessons it's learned from the failed imperialism of the past, and that's not just about the finer points of pig sticking, where it's Michael Elliott in the swish time magazine. Every don't know how he's pig sticking? No, frogs. Never stuck a pig? No. Twenty seven after eleven at five sixty WQM. Here's something that's good for you. OK, maybe even help a pig. Top a little old human in this push and watch it just squeal with the light. That's right. Every amount is a great new product. Just like I said, it's a little soft shell capsule. Easy to take, but a lot of good things are in there. The best olive oil in the world is in each capsule along with vitamins, minerals, and there's a separate concoction design to help each different party or each different aspect of your health. There's one specifically designed to help your heart. One to help lower your blood pressure. One to keep your cholesterol all low. Your prostate, your circulatory system, your digestive and endocrine system, your skin, your bones. There's even a product to help your mind, all using the benefits of the finest, the purest olive oil you'll find anywhere with all these other good things in there too. An olive human makes products for men and ladies as well. Pick them up today at Whole Food Markets, Walgreens, Sedanos, and Aviral Pharmacies. If you'd like to find out more about how it works and what it can do for you, just call the full free number and ask for your heart's content. Call 1-866-Odeomade. That's 1-866-O-L-E-O-M-E-D. And don't forget, you can order their products and get more information on their website too at olio-mentamerica.com. You blow too much, you're in trouble. Get ready to go back to the beach. It's their vibrant Thailand, shocking amazing, you won't believe your eyes. It's the show everybody's gonna be talking about. There's a new twist and it's something you thought you'd never see on television. Those kids from friends and losers, that Ross Guy wouldn't survive this for five minutes. Because it's big, it's scary, it's really really unexpected too. It's the show everybody's gonna be talking about. If you already said that, oh sorry, sir vibrant Thailand, it will astound you. You'll be overwhelmed, dumbfounded. What is it? You'll be fascinated, captivated, mesmerized, super-fired, hypnotized. Enough already, it's the show everybody will be talking about. I already heard that twice. Oh sorry, it's true, it's your squeamish, easily nauseated. I think baby, watch anyway, is everybody's gonna be talking about. What a love of peace! If I were Thailand, shocking, amazing. There's a nice, I'm CBS television, we'll never be the same. Yeah right, no really. What an absurd, so by this must see TV, then there's really gotta see it TV. You are an idiot! Possibly true, but this is amazing. You lost me, I wouldn't watch it now if you paid me, oh you'll be wise. No I won't, you'll be saved, it's gonna be big. I wouldn't ever turn a CBS again. Big big big big big big big like a mouth. 1132 or 56, you know, if you want me got 313 votes, who would you prefer to have as the leader of the free world that they built, Clinton 181. 57.8% George W 57, 18.2% Tony Blair 50 and Al Sharpton 25. Al's kinda slow down a little bit, because I guess all the spurses have voted at least twice that we have in the audience. Don't forget for a clock tomorrow morning, say your VCR is PBS WPBT Channel 2, the man who knew the front line show by John O'Neill, the FBI agent, Rest in peace, who was really out of the hot-on trail of Osama, Yamama, and was the only one who was well aware of the fact that there were al-Qaeda cells inside this country and screamed in the island, how did it end up in the rest of the FBI? Didn't like his attitude, you know, they thought he was a little bit out of control. And so they did everything in their power to finally force them out, went and doubt they forced them out. And then he takes a job as the head of the head of security in the World Trade Center and starts his job on 9-11 of last year. Let's see him no more. Actually he got out of the second power and he went and turned around and went back into helping some people and that was the end of him. Good show, great show, so on PBS 4-clay, you won't remember to tape it. No, I already forgot. 4 o'clock tomorrow morning, okay? So when you go to bed tonight, put on like a 6 hour tape, just roll it, put it on PBS and roll it. Idiot? Martha Stewart resized from M.Y.S.S. Board. Now let's see did the Abyss take his stacks and everything or what? Yeah, he took them. All three of them? No, the today's one. So what's going to happen with that other food? We're just going to slot the hogs with it. Martha Stewart, the Stowgoo Roan former Wall Street poker now under investigation religion, Saturday trading. We signed from the board of the New York Stock Exchange yesterday. Stewart, our hands big board listed Martha Stewart living on the media, which is now, what is it about? Six bucks? Quit citing the rigors of her corporate life. New York Stock Exchange. Remember Richard Grasso said, where this, this is what is this in Newstay, man? My dog could write a better-ness. We're standing the loose Martha Stewart as Bill the Brand and company admired around the world. Grasso said, our board will miss Ms. Stewart's counsel and insight. Grasso told reporters yesterday morning me for the NYSE monthly board meeting. Stewart submitted a resignation letter. She had served on the board for four months. When asked if Stewart jumped from the board or was pushed, Grasso said her departure was voluntary. He also declined to say what the Stewart's departure was in any way, linked to the insider trading probe. As we all know, Stewart's under investigation by the Justice Department for her sale of those nearly 4,000 shares of him phone systems in. Those shares that may be for the staff again, a plummet on negative regulatory news. That was the FDA said, take your route. Was the name of that drug? Are you 46? That was not what it was. No, that's another. See, that's stitching your mind. See, you don't have the real name of that either, and I couldn't pronounce it. Oh, so I got some some gay banter here. I think we've been letting the audience down on that lately. Including that one guy who wants to hear the gay banter on the show. This is from Out Magazine, and I got two pieces here, which tie in together. Remember Brendan Lemon? No. Brendan Lemon, who I think is the editor and chief about magazine. Yeah, buddy, you're ago. He wrote this column about his boyfriend is a major league baseball player, but didn't name him. Okay, yes. And there was actually some discussion on a radio station about that, which is shocking, because WQA and being the all-joc radio station is so homophobic that it's terrifying, especially in the morning. But at any rate, there was a really some discussion about that. And then, of course, we had the former U.N. the tight end for the jets that asshole, the giants were either carrying out about, wow, you know, there was somebody who was gay, we'd have an overspray down, we'd want to be taking showers with no facts, and they said that on Howard's sperm show, and then try to cover up his tracks. You know what I mean? Scorts, or it? Those tracks. So anyway, Brendan Lemon writes in this month, the October issue of Out Magazine, coming out has been long presented as the defining drama of gay life. The moment from which one's identity flows while there is many coming out stories is there are gain, lesbian, and then by individuals, we should remember in this national coming out month. Did you know that was coming out month? No, I didn't. It's not to late George. There are two ways in which they were all alike. They all require bravery and they all require time. These facts were brought home to me lately when I spoke to the NTV on her personality Dave Holmes about his coming out story, which was written by her talented senior editor Jeffrey Epstein. I was struck by the fact that all little Holmes's mother come out for much of his NTV career. It took a couple of years to line things up at the gay friendly network. If it takes someone in Holmes's professional while to come out imagine the road for someone in protein sports whose vestiges of homophobia are cutely analyzed by Patricia Neil Warren in this issue. Warren writes about a topic that's been part of my life intensely, since May 2001 when I published an editor's letter on a matter. I'm speaking of my friend, the brave pro baseball player. I say friend rather than boyfriend because while we're still close, we're no longer a couple. Ah, no to single gay sports fans. I doubt he'll be showing up at your local meat market anytime soon. It may surprise some people to hear me loud as courage and the original editor did I deny that from the come out. Did I tell him that he would find more support than he imagined? Didn't I write that letter because I wanted to make my life easier? How ironic it is that the letter made my life more challenging. I asked the athlete to rearrange his identity and so doing I rearranged my own. I became the ball player's boyfriend and if that doesn't make sense in regulating and life changing, it is just as often been wearing and absurd. The absurd part has been essential for me to keep in mind because every time I'm tempted to complain, I think of what people like my friend go through on the field experiences that the former player Billy Bean interview for this issue who lives in Florida by the way in South Florida has described moving reasons coming out. I think of how much courage it takes to maintain your composure in any environment where the general eye sights around go a slights are ongoing. What is all I'd record out there? Are they working on the padios again out here? May the axe cut the noise, God damn it. Can you hear that? No. And now we got sirens going on out there. Sounds like the end of the world here. When I recently gave my friend support in the area in this area, he thanked me but added, it's the people who get through daily life in the face of material hardship who are heroic to me. I think he's mistaken and iminvises virtues as you'll discover from reading his personal SI here where some can read a minute. Chief among them is the ability to communicate. Why he and I have talked about the issues he explores many times, he wrote the piece entirely on the system. Wow, if he does his autobiography someday, the media will love the off the field stories, his former affair with a current household name profile player should by itself be a feast for talk radio. Shall I read that sentence again? Please. His former affair with a current household name profile player should itself be a feast for talk radio. But I think the bigger surprise will be his act of courage. I realize that this is a reversal of the expected thinking. Are we supposed to withhold our applause to the performal rife center stage? Generally yes, but not here. What's more, I'm going to say that whatever the benefits of that discussion in my original other help touch off about exclusion, tacit or official and athletics. And whenever our varying views and however central gain is should be to any individuals life, I was insensitive to why it's declared to come out last year. I've grown to realize that even if he never decides to reveal himself that will be just fine with me, and that if he finally does so, I'll be first in line at home play. How do you like that, huh? You think it'll be sliding in into what? 1140, Rectom at 560 WQAM. Is there still anybody out there who's been listening to us rant and rave about sports books? Who isn't with the best who's not plunge in at VIPsportsbook.com? Well, if you're not with them, you better listen very carefully. There are a lot of ads going around these days for other sports books, but do some research before you hand over your hard earned money to some eighth world sports book like in Guatemala. Let me help you out. VIPsportswork.com is the only book to be unanimously endorsed by the industry watchdogs. They're Dutch based and one of the first online sports books. So if you want to go out and roll over the lifetime, you want to be working with the sports book that's the best going VIPsportsbook.com is the one. This football season is reaching like fever height this week. I make no mistake about it. And so be with the best VIPsportsbook.com. The easiest thing to do is open your account online. You get you say 15% cash sign of bonus just for opening the account online. And you've got the highest parlias you'll find anywhere is up to 2001. Their phone number is 1-86VIP. That's its toll free. 1-86VIP. But the best you like I said is to sign up online and get that 15% cash bonus at VIPsportsbook.com. VIPsportsbook.com where you are the VIPs. Wow, they have really come to mind not so sure yet. I like the way they make my butt look in your still. Thanks. Yeah, jeans. Milders still in the closet. I take mine out. Thanks. Mine come off in a flat. Yeah, jeans. In tight. Really tight. And be my bitch tonight. It's 1143 at 5.60 WKM 330 votes on at pool who can prefer to see as the leader of the free world. A free world being a very dubious at this point. Bill Clinton 195 George W60 20 Blair 50 and outsharpt in 25. A voice from inside is the name of the article in the out magazine. Since last year the editor of this magazine, Brendan Lemon wrote a column asking his then boyfriend of well-known pro baseball player to come out. Here were last the athlete himself tells us why it's so difficult to do so. I was just looking. I was going to tell you who wrote the article, but obviously there's no name on it. There ain't no name. Hmm. It says as I've watched and listened to the discussion about gay pro athletes over the past year, I've often thought of a slight variation on something Winston Churchill once said. Never have so many cared so much about so few. Since I'm one of those few, a professional baseball player who's drawn emotionally and sexually to men, I found the endless talk a little surreal. Can people really be benefited in my private life? With millions out of work, a group that as I write my swelterware food striking ball players, see this is written before they as civil strike. With a prospect of American servicemen and women who being sent to their debts in Iraq, with a smoke of the world trade center, tragedy still singing our eyes, surely we can focus our thoughts on something other than me and my kind. Even as I say this however, I know why this shift is unlikely. America remains a pure technical country, full of judgment of people who cannot view homosexuality simply a fact of life. Moreover America's fascinated with sex and secrets, in the idea of a celebrity in men's team sports having a secret, being gay is simply too enticing not to talk about. We look to sports to distract us from the real world of war and strife for something manageable and safe even if coverage of sports in America for a long while now has included not only the orderly happenings on the field, but the private chaos off it. Athletics we like to tell ourselves off is a sanctuary, except when they do not. Baseball for example has been brutally exclusionary, something met today's fans most of whom grew up after the Jackie Robinson or its end of forget. Baseball's just be as based on an often embellished past on collective stories that became hardened in a mythology that is sometimes soothing and sometimes grow test. Baseball has rarely been a haven for those who wanted to vote themselves to the group yet maintain a fully realized identity. If you want to be a professional and helped the team win, yet ache also to be yourself, you all would always feel supported and affected often to reverse. What do I mean? Well for one thing I don't think my teammates realize that when the use words like a lot of time is vague, they're transmitting a message that exclusion or since gay guys are already in a clubhouse prejudice still has a place in the game that the endeavor is not based primarily on merit and performance. You think that with all the verbal abuse we hear from the stands, something that comes with the territory and we all learn to deal with, page John Rocker or not to deal with, we wouldn't have to hear the same stuff in a clubhouse. I know that insults are a form of male intimacy, which isn't some stuff the out of bounds, I understand that when players make cracks about faggets, they don't think they're referring to guys often with an earshot like me. And when some of them say they're terrified of faggets looking at them in the showers, it doesn't occur to them how juvenile they sound. Okay, like Governor Bush. They sound worse than juvenile, they sound pathetic even if they're fear of being looked at is unfortunately very real unless you're wearing a blindfold, everybody notices everybody in the locker when they completely inevitable way. And just because you see your naked ass doesn't mean I want to touch it. To suggest otherwise is to cast gay men in a stereotypical role as sexual predators, we all have a pretty good idea where the violence sexual behavior perwat leads takes place and it rarely involves the causative gay players. Even though I have to deal constantly with all the demoralizing and sometimes dangerous effects of homophobia, I don't mean to complain I'm more of how privileged I am to be doing something I love to have succeeded at it to be well paid perhaps overpaid from my efforts. I'm also aware that my teammates behavior might evolve if I came out. Though fewer players are homophobic than the world may now believe some of them came from backgrounds in which gay men or lesbians are vilified. These players can be clueless about the presence of gay guys even on their own team. I'm not sure even if I removed their blinders by pointing out the household name and pro football for example, who my through a personal relationship know is gay that the homophobic players would change their minds. After all they would have to accept that there are faggots where better tough athletes than they are. Contrary to expectation, I found that such attitudes have little to do with race or ethnicity. The only generalization I'll make about race in the club houses that most of the players of color don't have to be told by a solution whether tacit or official hurts. They may be rich in famous but they weren't always rich in famous. Even though I'm not choosing to come out yet, I don't have to be silent. I'm not being silent now and if I came out I could shed my silence forever but if I come out before my career is over, a career that barring injury very hope to continue for while because it's all too brief and therefore cherished. I would become the subject of such scrutiny that I'm not sure I could bear up. My game not to mention my sanity might suffer like a baton response to an SD inside pitch on my crack. Why? Because sports is connected to people's fantasy lives, it taps powerfully into the irrational. If I came out I would become a lightning rod for some of these intense emotions. Ask yourself, would you want to go through that? If I did come out in my playing suffered, then people would say, see baseball wasn't ready for an openly gay play or after all when the truth is it's not a matter of whether baseball is ready, but whether the player in question is ready. I'm not there yet. The rotor-ready in this book, personal and professional, is longer than expected. I reluctantly expose myself that some manner of speech I guess to a deep sea degree of pressure is probably the main reason I haven't come out. I'm not sure that I have what it takes, although my inspired by those who've displayed superhuman fortitude, I'm not sure I'm in their class. I'm not Jackie Robinson, conversely I'm not an extreme individualist like Alan Iverson or Dennis Robben. I appreciate their brand of self-assertion even though I think that sometime there's sorry behavior compels attention precisely because of correspondence to the chief identities that America seems to allow sports individuals to especially their black, the criminal and the down. So I'm sometimes fueled by anger, I'm neither a criminal or a clown, with a help of a therapist and a few friends of the process of redefining my identity. I know that for many people the identity question involves figuring out who I am. Even now I'm sure there are some fans who think someone who is reflective about matters like identity and exclusion could only be player X or player Y. If we as athletes are expected to think about only the details of play, not wider social issues, to which I reply, remember I'll leave, remember Jabar, and I'll head back home or to the hotel only to watch the highlight show. I certainly don't, especially when so many demedia types have been saying lately that nobody cares which top athletes are gay, if only. Contrary to popular assumption, there are a lot of very bright pro athletes. Many of them downplay their smarts so it's not to draw even brighter spotlight on themselves. We rarely betray what we really think, and I for one rarely talk about serious stuff he would my teammates. For us is for most celebrities telling an interview with that say the death penalty is immoral is not the quickest way to a golden endorsement deal, not to mention a future seat in some broadcasting booth. But back to those larger questions of identity, I'm trying to find a place in my life for my sexuality and this is sometimes been perplexing. To quote Walt Whitman, a writer I first encountered upon hearing the O'Captain O'Captain speech in Dead Poets Society, I contain multitudes. I not only a closet at home of sexual, I'm a closet reader of the classics, not surprisingly my favorite books right now are the Odyssey of the invisible man. In other words, being gay is only a part of who I am, I'm also a baseball player of friend to family member, a teammate, a music lover, and many many other things. And I'm a proud American despite the horror I sometimes feel about all the hatred that still exist in this country in about our government self righteous bullying ways. Above all, I'm a human being if I come out I fear I'd be forever pigeonholed as the gay baseball player. No matter the excellence of my career statistics, that description even if it fits well meaningly would become the first sentence of my obituary. While I admire the Navarra to not never at the lovas and the logannuses who made the brave choice and despite what some sense of suggested about people like them, a celebrity coming out is rarely an opportunistic career move. I'm still not sure whether I'm myself am comfortable with that kind of resorting. I realize that if I don't come out while in uniform, I may be disappointment to some people, that's fine. I've had a blessed life so far and I'm not asking for anyone simply, I ask if my critics only want to keep in mind that you don't walk in my shoes playing for thousands of fervent fans, a few of them real wackos every night. My journey to the top's been exciting and amazing and amusing, especially amusing, if I'm not filled with the hilarity here I assure that I do have a sense of humor thank God. The road has also been hard. Sometimes I find that I'm grateful for this difficulty. I've been fortunate to have had several extraordinary coaches and friends through them. I've learned that suffering however much it should not be saw is the greatest teacher. Whenever my effort is not just to be gave itself affirming in the public eye threats, I've been coming from my life involving those whose trials have been much greater than my own. Remember the words of a single mother who told me that watching my team on TV has helped distract her young sons from their sometimes meager dinner. I remember a prolonged hug I received from a disabled teenager struggling to maintain some dignity, while I said it was her favorite player, even if I wasn't as good as very bonds. I remember a letter from a prisoner with AIDS who said that reading about my exploits made him once a day, forget the pains of his illness and the bleakness of his sentence. It is no accident that my touchstone's often involved children or teenagers if I do come out while still at play and that remains a possibility. It'll primarily be because I would like tall and young athletes to feel like his exceeding team sports even if they're gay or facing any other kind of obstacle. I agree with those commentators who say would be easier in some ways for Natalie to win at the Pearl ranks when he was already out of the closet. Unlike me, he'd not be disrupting the powerful but unsaved intimacy that already exists in the clubhouse. I'm confident that more and more brave young gay athletes in football and baseball and basketball and hockey and soccer will come along. If my story too failed perhaps for someone's help move the discussion forward and enter too, so that unless his story is charged, less ignorance, laid in acceptance of all athletes gay and straight arrived sooner rather than later, I'll be satisfied that my struggle to come out however odd and halting and sometimes cowardly will not have been in vain. Right, somebody. Somebody. Somebody. Huh? Some gay guys. Some gay guys who's not very bonds. They're going. Nick Brides wife, jabs, jab and woos base. Jabs that jab mice, they're speaking a homophobia, speaking of a cracker of an idiot. But I'd be else something, I think that whole family is teflon. You know, they used to talk about the teflon, this one and teflon Reagan. I think that whole bush family are a bunch of teflon clowns, if you ask me. Right, let's look, willy to shame. Adelaide Alex Sink, the millionaire former bank executive who aspires to be Florida's first lady, first out of the state's political stage this way to a sale of man or husband hopes to be. It was the south-loaded debut for Bill McBrides best weapon in the fight to work working women and other key democratic voters. Making her most high-profile, solo appearance in the bribe became the democratic comedy. Sink came to Miami to rail against Bush's education record and in interview her up his opposition to abortion rights and his appointment of a man with traditional views on women to end the state's social services agency. She said that a permanent children and family secretary Jerry Regier thinks women should be barefoot and pregnant and questioned how women could support an anti-choice governor. He just has a poor record on women's issues she said of Bush. Sink was dispatched to Miami mid-growing concerns that McBrides is not a strong in his party south-loaded basis he should be. A recent poll conducted for the Harold and the same P. Time Show of Bush winning as much as 24% of the black vote, where he and McBrides are in a dead heat among women. 24% of the black vote? I don't know. Both groups heavily favored McBrides' primary rivals former U.S. Attorney General Tenderwino and states Senator Daryl Jones before McBride nearly won the nomination last month. Campaign strategist believe that Sink the former high-power chief executive at Bank of America's Florida operations as roots in North Carolina, North Carolina pig farm, can connect with underway of constituencies. A wonderful North Carolina pig farms anywhere near Europe pig farm. Pigsty. She goes from Hong Kong in North Florida, the swankiest business groups had McBride about campaign spokesperson Alan Stone-Syfer. Sink's singers again, Bush came as the governor-relation attack of his own until a hassy holding a press conference and said that McBrides' education plan for cost of the state $2.5 billion over five years in lost federal funding. Bush cited the new leave no child behind act signed by this brother president George W. and a letter sent by federal officials to Florida Secretary of Education Jim Horn. The federal government could withhold had a one-month-in-a-go-stapour schools if states failed to use a test to track failing schools the governor be Sam. McBrides campaign ridicule the governor's claim it's just another bogus political charge by guys trying to avoid defeat November 5th, Stone-Syfer said nothing in McBrides' education plan jeopardizes any federal funding. McBride has criticized how the F.C. had as being used not the fact that the state uses an assessment test Stone-Syfer said. So there we go, Mrs. Zemik Bride, Mrs. Sink. Why is her name different? I give up. I'm not that I have an answer. I'm just curious. That seems to be going on a lot these days, you know? Yeah. Maybe that could be their motto. Think we're the women. You know what I'm saying? But that business about 24% of you, Darkies in South Florida, going to vote for Jim Bush based on what? That that's scary. And 50, 50 among women? Well, they're brainwashed. They're what it is. By religion. They're brainwashed. It's the three bees right. No, it's a two bees in a pea. Brainwashed bear foot in pregnant. Brainwashed bear foot in birthing. 345 votes on a pool. Who'd you like to have as the leader of the free world right now? If he had your choice, Bill Clinton 201. George W. 67. 20 Blair 51. And uh, it's changing again. And Al Sharpen 26. 5 in local. We're sports radio 56. You and you AEM. This is Coach Dan Schueler. And I sound like Bob Hope on Asset. And I want to tell you, it's the 12th or one hour or whatever. And that's why I think that Jeff will have a chip bean chip season. And when did I tell you, you don't talk to like say you can talk? This is the beast. I said shut up. That's all. I'm like a father of me. You don't talk to Lam, don't talk. When I'm done talking, then you talk. Okay, I'll be coming. Come here. I want you to meet a friend of mine. Mr. Guff Club. Why are you in a... I feel like showing the business I didn't stay coming. This court sentences you to 20 years in hours. Would you invoke? I don't a tag of my mattress. Looks like we'll be your bunkmates. The name's Mohal Adayman. Starless stage screen and terror dice. What's your big old me, Crawford? You've got so panless. Thank you. Hey, you're gonna... So hard and real, huh? I'm gonna make you my wife. Hey, nobody wants to stop it. You're gonna stop it. God, who got you? God, you're picking it up. All right, shower time. We've got 10 minutes. What else do we say beneath? You're both at? No man. You're not new in the blue, but that. You're so rude. Okay. Hold them power sleep like that. You know who I am? You can't even know thinking of now. I'll be a bloodhead. All right. But I expect a Britain apology. I might just put that broom in the book. I'll take the broom. I'll take the broom. I'll take the broom. It's your car. Lord, we'll see you now. Thank you. Well, Mr. David. I'm a woman to jack. Jack ordered. How can it help you? Can you see what I'm here? Keep getting raped. That's it. To be some thatish-y. Jalook is who it right away. Thanks, Lord. It's about time. But it's out drop your path. I said drop your path. This is ours. Favors don't come to you. No, no, no. Let's rape, old, free. No big charge. Oh, that's how we pass the time away. In the game, you'll jail or haze. You have any idea. What am I? Neficent production. That's an idea. I mean, that thing is just incredible. I'm going to do a whole week's figure. You're combing on the other one, which is pretty. But this one, so it's in seven seconds of brilliant. Step and breath. On, be a label. And you'll be able to get it on the book of Brian's new CD, Restitution and Mobile Vity 1, which you can see the cover of on our website, NeoRarges.com. And one of these days, very soon, you'll be able to actually click on and buy it there. Very soon, right? Very soon, you think he wants to put off making money? Like I said, any second, anyway, just keep going back and check it out on there on the website, NeoRarges.com. In fact, a more evil back and check the heck. At the Erika will be. That's right. Check frequently. Time magazine also has a great article about our group post personal friends. The Irish Travelers. By Amanda Ripley and South Carolina, she says, on a welcome exposure, the Irish Travelers' well name is Stirius Parallel Universe, temporarily invaded by one mother's scandal. The Irish Travelers of North Augusta, South Carolina, stopped their pickups in the middle of the road last week to come into the outing of Madland Gorman to good. The woman caught thrashing her four-year-old on a surveillance video in Indiana is also as it turns out an Irish Traveler. And though they didn't know her, they knew they know what her arrest means, 15 minutes of grueling fame for a community that thrives on secrecy. I'm not going to tell you they're all on a good season, here's as Mike Mikey Boy surelock 68, just ringing out toward his 3000 fellow Travelers who live in Murphy village. They country's largest travel community. Ever been there to a Murphy's film? No, I wouldn't know what to find it and neither would anybody else. South Carolina, far from you I bet. There's a reason there's a South and a North Carolina. You got some people that I wouldn't trust with nothing I got. He said, but he says, and here law enforcement officials from the Middle of the Travelers, basically, you don't have no child abuse out here. What you do have is far more unusual. A group of roaming laborers who spend half the year painting houses around the country and then return to a self-contained and aquanistic universe. The Travelers arranged their children's marriages and in front of country people, non- Travelers speak a galec English dialect called can't. Huh? Missley Shijou means go away the police are here. Missley Shijou? Oh! Some have phrases of Irish accents though their ancestors arrived in the US 150 years ago. Says Michael McDonald, one of the 30,000 Travelers still in Ireland, who has worked with his US counterparts. Their sense of tradition is stronger than it is here. Many Irish Travelers once known as Tinkerers moved to the US to escape the potato famine. They started out as horse traders today between 2000 and 100,000 English Scottish and Irish Travelers. Nobody knows the real number, live in groups mostly in the Southern US. They are reviled by some as con artists who prey on the elderly by overcharging for shuddy home repair jobs. Others in assisted Travelers are hard workers and have no more lawbreakers than any other community. 95% of the Travelers got what they got from busting their butts. Says Jim Pinsherlock, 50. Pinsherlocky Boy's brother. The Travelers go by nicknames like one I'd peat and curly Joe since they share the same dozen surnames. Sounds like Tennessee to me. Pins began his childhood in a tent but graduated to a mobile home and then a brick house. A common pattern among the more successful Travelers in Murphy village the rows of trailer homes are suddenly interrupted by Ornate Pink and White mansions. The Traveler life is an odd composite of old world and Nick World. Like most other Travelers pennies a Madonna statue on his lawn, that's with a small M. His daughter was 14 when she married to 20 year old fiancee and arranged match like 99% of the village marriages he says and like many other Travelers penned never made a pass-exgrade. But he drives a muscular black pickup with titted windows and the Traveler women draw stairs when they go into town Dald upward layers of makeup and halos of hair. In a Traveler settlement near Fort Worth Texas where Tubin has lived local non Travelers say Pre-Pubes and say Pre-Pubes and Boy's carry wads of cash and drive their parents flashing new cars. Some Travelers are indeed yanks. They can't turn for thieves. Six North Augusta Travelers played a guillotine last year using fraudulent documents to buy cars. Tubin has been John the Space and Trailer in Montana for allegedly duping elderly residents with Faulty Homer Parabark. Then again North Augusta Police Chief Lee Weatherington has heard Travelers to pay his driveway in Paine's house. They didn't outstanding job he says. Local scald them gypsies and whispered out their dirty deals but says penn. We know put our old folks in rest homes. We don't have as many divorces and when a woman gets raped or a bank gets robbed law enforcement doesn't come to Murphy Village. Says Joe Livingston a senior agent with a South Carolina State Police who's tracked the drivers for two decades. It's really a paradox. The whole community. How do you like that? Kind of strange. Kind of bizarre I would say. Just like the gypsies. See now you're saying that. They're going to get your ass when you go back up North Carolina next time. What? What are you talking about? Here's the fact this is why I'm watching prom TV last night. I saw no less than six jib as but zero McBride. Why aren't they running for Brides? I don't have enough money. I don't have enough money. I don't have enough money. Send them a bag of money. Okay. The more the mirror we need help. Let's see. Getting ripped by all my dolphin employees who work here. How about a big shot? Well, a big shot to all the adult and scumbags. Okay, listen, wait a minute. Paul just calm down. Okay, just relax. What just like with a phone calls. Okay, don't you carry away with the faxes? These says I want to shut them up for the rest of the day. Thanks. The women Paul. Okay, well screw that. Okay, the women Paul. Well, let's see. Here's another fact. It's not my P.O.S. This guy's articulate and he's a and Mike P.O.S. is a retard. Have a very weekend. Back at you. Have a very weekend. Yeah, that could be a giveaway. Yeah, the fact that the guys are tickling. Here's one of our regular factions. Alan, who says I think you may find interesting a book called The Scarlet Professor by Barry Worth W.E.R.T.H. anchor books 2002. It's a highly acclaimed Smith College professor. What's about? Who's life was run by the gay witch on circus trade by Asinauer's Postmaster General. Arthur Summerfield. It's a great kind of America's moral fanaticism. For a second there I thought it said moral fascism. Well, either one. Same thing. And here's another fact. Well, and then, boy, the cronics are coming out today. It's a good sign. And they're all still out there. Even though it's just uncle Neil doing bedtime stories and the see span of the year. And let me see it again, roll. One thing we got you don't an audience. Huh? A measurable audience. That's right. Mine is measurable. And if mine is measurable, holy cow. Is Carlos found his birthday yet? No. No. No. June 3. Let's see. Here's one. It's his hey George Haney. Let me preface by saying that I have no intention to become a chronic fascist. It's Gary the jury the Ebullian guy from New York. Remember you called that day from New York? How could we get good? I thought over the new one. I want to mention the American Diabetes Association's Walk for Diabetes, which saves place this Sunday after 6th. This is the primary means of private support for the fight against diabetes. And may as her involve not only in the walk, but in organizing concurrent events as well. Your listeners can contact American Diabetes at 1-8-8-8-9-BDs. And on the net at www.diabetes.org slash walk. We all know the devastation caused by this disease, blindness, kidney, and other organ dysfunction, and ultimately loss of life. With all the needs, causes and demands on the time resources that we lose sight of the hope for a cure. This is an attainable goal which we can realize in our lifetime to the generous support of folks like your listeners. Thanks in advance for your time, pal. Cheer with the avoidance guy. Well, do you welcome, pal. This Sunday at 26th, the American Diabetes Association Walk for Diabetes. And you can find out more by calling one, triple-8 diabetes, and checking on the www.diabetes.org slash walk. Got it? Good. All right, speaking of doing things this weekend, besides the dolphin Patriot game. I'm sorry, the Patriot dolphin game. Review on CNN. Dragon worthy follower of the Lamb. You're going to go out and see that today. I'm probably not today. What you said is you're going to get a bootleg copy of the movies, what you told me. What is that? Something like that. I thought was disgraceful. Nothing. I won't go see it in the DVD. Is that going to be before after you go see our Steven and David? I don't know the address. I'll pee you letting you give it to you. Okay. You know, as he wasn't in there today, thank God for that. Oh, boy. Maybe I scared him off yesterday by finally outing him getting a model of the class of what a young man is running around a building starting all these damn rumors. Go away, PD. Okay. And take your multi-tall. What do you want to write it? In red dragon, the peak will the 1991 sequel of the Lamb's Anthony Hopkins who won the Academy Award for his earlier port. Yeah. No. No. Dragon also achieves the near impossible. It washes the bad taste out of your mouth from the hideous sequel to the Lamb's. The despicable Hannibal. And it was pretty weak. The films remarkable effect. The men's also to the fact that silence, screenwriter Ted Talley, Romswood Pally, who won the Academy Award for Lamb's is back along with a stellar cast including Emily Watson, Ralph Fienes, Edward Norton, Mary Louise Parker, Phillipsy Morhoff and Harvey Kytel. This story has been told once before in 1986 of the title of Man Harder Star starring Brian Cox's Hannibal. Ha ha ha. Not that Brian Cox and directed by Michael Mann. This time the filmmakers have returned to the title of Thomas Harris novel, Red Dragon, and this film is more true to Harris original concept. Thank goodness. In a brilliant move, Talley begins the film with a cold open in which we meet Dr. Lecter in the early 80s. At the time, he still respected side-cultures involved more and a member of good standing on the board of local Symphony Orchestra then comes a series of brief and highly effective vignettes in which we see how Lecter is captured. Over the opening credits, we see newspaper headlines describing his crimes, the public's four or five reaction to them in a subsequent imprisonment for life. As in silence of Lamb's, the imprisonment lectures sought out by an FBI agent for help getting in the midst of another serial killer still on the loose. This time the villains have ritualistic fortune-owners, the tooth fairy, and the FBI agent is Will Graham. Graham is no stranger to lecture. He isn't in fact a man who caught lecture and in the process nearly died to lecture Sam. Now Graham is retired only to be lured back in the service by his old boss, Jack Crawford. This may all sound very familiar to Lam's, but in this case where he gets to know the killer whose real name is Francis Doerhide simply as D. Talley. Oh, as D. Talley, in fact, has given D. A compelling backstory, not a clue in Harris's book. Watson, another carefully nuanced performance plays a shy blind woman named Reba, who works with D. In his attracted with shyness. Reba also sure is deep content for others to take pity on people with physical abnormalities in his case it's a cleft palate which is resulted in a distorting scar on his upper lip. Don't give us no lip. Talley's tightly crafted script interweaves Graham's desperate search for the killer, the strange relationship between D and Reba, and Hannibal's diabolical efforts to manipulate the intense situation while secretly eating and abetting D in his downward's frail end of complete insanity. The film's enormous emotional puns comes from both the written word and the astounding acting provided by this remarkable cast, but there's one plot plug for which he simply must suspend your disbelief or the rest of the film will drive you crazy. Lector, who's kept under the most tightly guarded conditions, who is shackled head to toe whenever he leaves a cell A hideous coat known for his devious fevenus, is a lot of what appears to be complete access to male communication. He's even louder place ads and newspapers for the fairly no restrictions that doesn't ring true, but it's all essential to the plots we'd to let it go or don't go. The only other flying the cinematic limit is that the direction from Brett Ratner, a 2000s family man and two rush arm always is fairly pedestrian. You can see the scenes between the scenes. He even made a remarkable confession at a recent issue of Premier Ragazine saying that there were days when he was screamed at at least once by every member of the cast. This is not a director in control of this film. The score by Danny Elpman is excellent and the cinematography by Dante Spanotti from LA confidentialist stunning. This film may not sweep the academy words of silence to the lambs, but it's good solid entertainment that's well worth your time and money. Well worth your time and money guys. Go see it. Let me know how it was. Okay. 1213 I'm going to be watching some Adam Baldwin movies myself. 1213 at 560 WQA and for years you heard us talk on this program about the lights of us. You're on the atkins died for any low carb died. This is a story dedicated entirely to you. Not a place where you go in and there's like, you know, a half an aisle or maybe a little tiny place off in the side of one hour. They have a few low carb items. The entire story, the lights of West Boca is dedicated to you. Can you imagine having a little low carb no fentillicious Gupavay scream on a hot day like today? Is it hot there? Are you kidding me? Well, it's hot here for like this time of the year. It's like 79 today. How about over a thousand low carb no sugar products is ready for you to taste because it Delights of West Boca is we always tell you you can try before you buy and it delights it's 25% off all Atkins products all the time on circus on New Year's on poor all the time from candy to cookies, snacks, bread, In vitamins, the lights of West Boca's got it all with more great stuff arriving every day. Like the new controlled carb brownies they just got in and for delicious flavors for all you brownie hounds out there like peanut coconut classic and cherry and they taste like your grandma used to make him. The lights of West Boca located on the northeast corner of Blades in 441 in Boca open every day 7 days a week till 10 Call 1-877 low carb or check them out on the web at lowcarb.com My life and low all this is for 3-0-5-6 2-0-5-2-8-2-8 Why the you best dude? Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story We take a good hard stiff look in the star hotel For over a year now Americans have been unalorthed ready to seek out and eliminate one of the most foul The most hideous blights in the well-being of our nation That's right It's the delcom pewter guy I would tie that guy to a board Shobin' at me the f*** See if I could blast him out of the earth's atmosphere Americans have given a lot of thought as to how they would like to punish the most annoying commercial spokesman ever Now if I could What I would like to do is impale him on his own femur bone and then suck out his brains with a straw Yes It is this very attitude of public hostility that has led the delcom pewter guy into group therapy with his fellow commercial spokespeople Tonight you'll see exclusive footage of a typical session led by Dr. Robert Cole Okay last time son we were talking about your compulsion to be a really irritating F***hole Can we talk more about that? Dude you're gonna get a delp Yes that's fine Dude you're gonna get a delp Yes fine Can we move on to your friend here? Can you hear me now? Good Dude you're gonna get a delp Can you hear me now? Good Look you guys Oh no please don't squeeze the sharm Oh no please don't squeeze Don't squeeze Don't squeeze Oh no please don't squeeze Don't squeeze Oh no please don't squeeze Oh no please don't squeeze God I'd like to impale you on your own femur bones and then suck out your brains with a straw The delcom pewter guy The latest in a long line of annoying f***s It's a big juicy Sucking with look at your business Tonight An inside the by Okay one of those damn pop up ads is screwed up my you know it's frozen or anything on here So I guess I'll read this off of the thing President Bush Monday and it will give us first prime time televised speech Uh devoted to the threat posed by Iraq And we'll stress that time is running out for Baghdad to disarm He was official said today The official said Bush was a monot expected to wish an old a man to a rakey lead a son I'm who say and however Is he attempts to convince other members of the one security council to approve a tough no rest of the against Iraq The officials who spoke on condition of anonymity of course at Bush will liberate the rest In Cincinnati, Ohio The address will give the president who charges that sedan represents an imminent threat a chance to talk directly to the American people about Iraq Okay, well, that wasn't so bad. How come this thing is still frozen up like that though, you know Bad carma Bad carma No, it's just that the way when the pop up ads get in there they get the stuck in a middle. You know you just get frozen. You know what I'm talking about? I'm sure you do. Yes Come on, let's go. Let's go. There we go. You have to keep punching and bang. Look at that. Can't even end the goddamn task and out of the thing is shutting down. Oh Jesus Lawmakers reached deal on 3.9 billion dollar election overhaul bill House and Senate negotiators reached deal to the N.A. 3.9 billion dollar election overhaul bill of what helps states pay for replacing punch car voting systems and opposed new ID requirements on voters who register by mail The impetus for legislation was the fewer over the estimated 2000 presidential election which eventually was stolen week. I mean decided we slate about the Supreme Court Can't wait till we get a story on now. What's going to happen when does the Supreme Court on New Jersey and on? We'll get to eventually Key lawmaker to see if they're if they're like honest about this. They got no business in a very bad day honest. I said if okay I have my legs crossed by the way Key lawmaker is reached the deal on legislation after an online negotiating session. They plan to announce it in the afternoon's conference today Congressional officials be saying we have a deal on how it's said speaking on the condition of anonymity. We have an agreement. We have an understanding. There's no what the bishop said we have an understanding and got further three. Yes 398 votes on the poll. Who would you prefer to have as leader of the free world right now built pentone 232 58% George W 75 20 Blair 63 and I'll sharp twenty eight who wants to throw his thing in a ring. Who wants to throw his nose in a ring? Let's see this was from the Baltimore Sun yesterday. Drown odd drums of war with a sound of dialogue rights Norman Solomon who is Norman Solomon. He's executive director of the Institute for Public Activity which sponsored the West delegation visit to Baghdad last month. The conventional wisdom and Washington is that it's pointless or reckless for Americans to speak with Iraqi officials but some on capital Hill are beginning to think otherwise. Last month for the first time since George W Bush became president members of Congress for democrats visited Baghdad Hopefully more will be making the journey later this fall. Representative Nick Ray Hall of 13 turn congressman from West Virginia started the trend in mid September when he joined former senator James Amberesco South Dakota to lead a small delegation of Americans to Baghdad. As a member of that group I was impressed with the canterly discussions during several hours of meetings with high level Iraqi government ministers. The White House was initially low key about our trip but when three more congressmen announced they were heading off a visit or act last week the White House press secretary swung into action. Egor to throw cold water, Ari Flasher, the minister of information claimed that Mr Ray Hall's visit did not turn out as he hoped it would because of the rough treatment he got from the Iraqis The refusal to listen to him to meet with the mor talk to him. Actually during face-to-face discussions with the Iraqis in Baghdad there was plenty of listening meeting and talking as Mr Ray Hall noted in the interview on the Hill September 25 He repeatedly urged Iraqi officials to accept unconditional and unfettered access to when weapons inspectors And what's more Mr Ray Hall said they did not reject my suggestions. Terri Kazee's the deputy prime minister scumbag with whom I met for over two hours said we'll give a careful consideration We'll consolidate our friends and allies and I will consolidate our leadership Some prominent Republicans are not anxious to dampen prospects for future U.S. or Mac Diologues involving members of congress On Sunday we have a democratic delegation members representative Jim McDermott of Washington and representative David Bonier of Michigan appeared on ABC's this week from Baghdad A senator on the program when after Mr McDermott with rhetorical guns blazing Basically he's taking Sodom Hussein's lines said Senator Don Nichols of Oklahoma the GOP's assistant leader in the Senate Mr Nichols ended that Mr McDermott Mr Bonier sounded somewhat like spokesperson for the Iraqi government Senate minority leader Tread lot of Mr Sivie called Mr McDermott irresponsible and proclaimed he needs to come home and keep his mouth shut But Mr McDermott's return was on target Monday during a CNN interview from Baghdad What I would suggest Mr Lott is to get on a world journey in the airplane fly over here and take a look He's talking from absolute ignorance of what's going on on the ground And I think you ought to be a little more careful about what he says in the country where we value free speech The current smear's end of notciations from Republican leaders indicate how threatening it can be when members of congress won't be furred of the White House on matters of international discourse Generally lawmakers excel at functioning as rubber stamps or people the senators when a president puts war at the top of the national agenda But senators and representatives should move beyond their customary roles in order to breathe life in a democratic processes and hold up in the possibility of peace A president Bush continues to insist that his administration has nothing to discuss with the Iraqi regime dialogue could prove to be crucial Edward L. Tech a former U.S. chief of mission to Iraq recently pointed out our government is constantly saying that there must be discussions between parties and disagreement to avoid or release reduced the risk of war Indian Pakistan, North and South Korea, the Israelis and the Palestinians, the Protestants and Catholics in Northern Ireland So why don't we talk to Iraq? As it happened two days after our delegation met with Mr. Reziz and Iraqi National Assembly speaker, Sedun Hamadi on September 14 The UN announced that Iraq had agreed to a law-emester to the access to UN weapons inspectors This was a highly positive step that could lead to full inspections and effective disarmament in Iraq It seems to me that if we're going to deal with this in a real honest way we have to create dialogue Mr. Von you said During his visit to Baghdad unless wars their goal elected officials in Washington should find ways to conduct more dialogue with Iraq and the very near future says Norman Solomon Common dreams do center by the way is where you can find us although it was published in the Baltimore Sun. It's a good website. Do you ever check that out? No, I haven't but we could lots of taxes from there. Well when in doubt check it out common dreams Talk to 26 at 5.60 WCWM. Tom Laman's got some strange dreams mostly about our morning show boy he pines for those days of defo, you know Joe and Defo and Joe Just one of those things ask Tom about that when you go down and visit at Halat Pani XMC he'll go on for hours about it And they love you people and the arages listen so much that's what they've brought back the Neil Deal and Halat saved gigantic bucks and all Pontiacs and GMC's in stock Just imagine her just talking about them here on the new arages show and up practically give it away to you practically Stop by Halat Pani XMC 134136 highway on US one right across the street from the falls where they've been going strong for over 35 excruciating years Where every vehicle right now is marked with the lowest price and mentioned the arages deal save even more Check out the complete line while you're there of GMCS UVs including that envoy loaded by motor trend as SUV of the year and the old new VBS UV That's got the power of a big gas-guzzling sports car. Halat's also got a great selection to petable pre-owned cars carciness UVs and like we always tell you when it comes to credit no matter who you are or what you are what you make or what you got They will cut you with deal and Halat. So this is the place you want to do your shopping for a great to deal an unbeatable deal Halat Pani XMC 134136 highway US one right across from the prestigious falls open every day seven days a week Halat Pani XMC when they still say we are professional grade My Pick mother fuck up over one of my socks at night, so I smell like you're sister's class in the morning I can't wait to see What happens with mouse and a drink in things The girls are watching At the bottom face How I miss big boys I see With all you want So everyone's ready Because anything goes My friends don't get ready For the friend So that's a several important things you got to do this weekend right surprised Sunday Those who watch it which is not me, but number less and of course the new Anthony Hopkins movie the new what is it called red dragon dragon And the dolphin patriot game which George is the only one who paid the intention that What were several civil gate players in there and what's the other thing On in four o'clock in our morning be sure and taper PBS the man I knew front line by John O'Neill the former FBI agent Gray. I'm probably is a great piece A lot of stuff we've been talking about here on a show here on uncle Neil's bedtime stories Here's another one West Del Ray priest jailed us threat the community That's from the Sun Sentinel so there's an outside chance it could be true A federal magistrate determined yesterday that a Del Ray beach priest charge for soliciting money thought was a 14 year old boy over the internet for a sexual trust Is a danger to the community in a flight risk who should be held in the Palm Beach County jail until he goes to trial The 14 year old boy turned out to be an undercover Del Ray police detective who arrested the Reverend Elias Guamadayis Guamadayis I asked you that the first time you know I don't know 43 when he showed up at the park for September 9 meeting Where Maris worked at our lady queen of peace mission was to Del Ray Beach and was suspended from the ministry was need for Mike Brazil Okay, and emails Guamara's bright of having sex with a 14 year old boy in a 16 year old boy cornu his arrest report Assistant US attorney Lothor of Morris revealed during yesterday's bond hearing that the younger boys from Del Ray and the other son Boca US magistrate judge and vitunic asked him if federal investigators he if they will identify them were currently trying more said we're looking at his America online account We don't have all the info yet Investigators he two computers from the church after the priest arrest one of those computers was in Guamara's bedroom computer forensics experts are examining them for evidence Squirt court and asking that Guamara's beheld with a bail Morris said the charges considered to be one of violence under federal law He also argued that they need of a Brazil so what did I tell you you got a memory I got man has no ties to the community And was sent to return to Brazil in a few weeks. He said Guamadayis faces about five to six years in prison under sentencing guidelines The way to the evidence in this case is overwhelming. He said that offended is a danger to the community Morris also prosecuted the rabbi juror leavey of Boca who was sentenced to six and a half years in prison last year in a summer case Morris pointed out to the judge that she ordered leavey held without bond This decision upheld by the 11th US court of appeals in Atlanta CIA hiding vital facts. This is like a follow up to the story we had yesterday CIA hiding vital facts senator Bobby Graham says are good old BDI Senator Senator Bob Graham chairman of the Senate and Tugdons committee accused the CIA yesterday of not providing vital information about Iraq That senators need before they vote on a resolution to authorize US military strike We're being asked now for the first time in US history to launch a preemptive strike against another nation And right now we're lacking all the information necessary to make that decision they floated in the mad And response to criticism from Graham and other senators CIA director George Tenet Med briefly with the chairman plans a full briefing for the committee today Graham is known for caution and sharp criticism reflected growing frustration on the committee over what he called CIA obstructionism His comments came as the Senate began a historic debate over how much latitude to give the president news of force A resolution backing news of forces likely to pass by wide margins several senators said But some Democrats in the future Republicans may support the resolution have misgivings about the information they're getting Graham and Illinois Democrat Richard Durbin and other senators specifically asked for information and analysis on how or against Iraq What affect other many student nations in the war against the al-Qaeda terrorists that was purposely omitted from an national intelligence estimate given the committee Tuesday night two months after the committee asked for a Graham said That report focused nearly on Iraq's work on weapons of mass destruction several committee members said one staff who spoke of course on condition of that And the committee also seeks information or on covert CIA operations in Iraq and how the CIA would fit into an invasion plan There are some big gaps in information I want to see field the next few days had Graham after hearing by the Senate and House Intelligence committees on the 911 investigation Senator Richard Shelby Republican Valiband and vice chairman of the Senate panel said he's convinced the threat from Iraq is urgent But said it's somewhat insulting that the CIA has not been more cooperative I've got the information I need to make a decision regarding Iraq and I think the president's correct. We need to be ready to take action He said Durbin said the White House was pushing hard for the resolution law restricting intelligence The CIA has been dragging its feet of the national intelligence estimate which I considered to be a crucial document before this nation was the war Durbin be saying John Walker, Linda be saying I don't want to see him anymore, you know, oh, yeah Oh, I even cleaned up. No, I don't want to see him under any circumstances. He is one of these smart me is if there was anybody of any sex if there was anybody over there with an organ who was touching him Oh, I'm getting the willies and I should be thinking about that so close to lunchtime. You know, although he's no Richard Ramirez John Walker Lynn told military net behind questioners. He believed the 911 attacks were the first of three waves see there you go again with that anti-beenor thing here You know, he's a beiner Richard Ramirez the shoe bomber His name isn't Richard Ramirez. Richard Mirrors was the rapist. Oh, sorry the shoe bomber's name is read. Oh, that's right Richard Ramirez the shoe bomber. Let me ask you something. I don't know what you read I don't but it's right the goods. Yeah, you better you better stop, you know, going over to Steve M's house and Davies so much, you know I think what you read is being affected by your bad weed. I think is what's happening there. It's lack of weed Richard Reed was the shoe bomber Richard Ramirez was the being around there was the rapor rapist and murderer and the child Killer engine killer. Can I get back to poor John Walker Lynn Paul and full military net we are questioners. He believed the 911 attacks were the first of three waves of terrorist rights against he was according to secret documents obtained by CNN Who? Of course they neglect to mention in this story, which is on their website of course yesterday that the second wave was supposed to be a one was it in November of 2001 and the other one was supposed to be this last spring of 2002 Did he do want to happen? No, no Walker Paul Lynn the first American prisoner taken that Afghanistan as a Taliban fighter and scheduled be sentenced today Also said he turned out offered to take part in suicide attacks against the west and he believed as many as 50 operatives have been sent on missions against the west and Israel The secret documents are summaries of his first interrogations by US special forces troops on December 1st 2001 and of three interrogations conducted by FBI agents in Afghanistan December 9 and 10 The FBI's interrogation reports as Walker Lynn related that afternoon 11 of a former al-Qaeda training camp instructor said that Osama bin Laden said this was the first attack the group speculated at the second attack would have a vow attacking nuclear facilities oil and gas pipelines or some kind of biological attack speculated being the operator board because that was the hours are going by CNN isn't it anymore more that this was just them guessing It wasn't based on anything any fact Walker Lynn's lawyers had sought to suppress these documents is evident saying they were made under duress But that was before they reached the plea bargain with federal prosecutors in July in that bargain Walker Paul, and agreed to plead guilty to charges That he supplied services to the Taliban and carried an explosive during a commission of a felony just like Richard Romeras read Walker Lynn is expected to be sent to 20 years in prison two days Hike We've seen without a little bag of premium weed Rolling papers, roach clush and a water bottle Maybe next year during the draft they'll get cheeset's gone Well instead of beer and hot tub vendors will be selling grass under a cloud of smoke And it won't be a follow-up all that could not chew on your ass He's taking a nod There it's all Cause a new york mess just wanting to hide Stand around and wave a place in the sky Oh Oh Smoke the top Some of the mess Smoke the top Swining games out Was the place Who can play with if they need a strike The Bobby Valley and size mess just can't be seen Without a little bag of premium weed Very new ring games, twinkies Ruffles rich but fatal cheers Well the next play just like they're all high on acid stress But new We all are The only one we know I sit for an end It's a gigantic ass, too many snacks We're not suggesting that said the kid was smoking any wacky weed Just probably coincidence That's a long time ago 1202 votes at our pool Who would you prefer to see is the leader of the free world right now Well all the crap that's going on How's that market deal by the way George? Oh Jesus Yeah That was down one 16 and the next down 16 It's curves are in and people are stopping Taking a dump on the curb Wow, curb your dog and curb your appetite for stock Let me tell you that right now Bad news 222 votes built Clinton 244 Like I said it's changing again 244 votes built Clinton 245 like I just said George W. Bush 82 20 Blair 65 And now sharpen 32 Let's hear from GOP takes Senate fight to high court And of course we know the Supreme Court don't play politics Thank the Lord for that Republicans appear to the Supreme Court yesterday In hopes of keeping New Jersey Democrats from replacing Senator Robert Torchelli and the November ballot Senator Bill Frist Republican and Tennessee Schermer the Senate GOP can't come Commodities over to request by hand Republicans want the Supreme Court to block an MS ruling from New Jersey's highest court The New Jersey court will Wednesday The Democrats may place popular former Senator Frank Lottonburg on the ballot and placed it to a celly Who was it managed by the Senate to some After an ethics investigation In other words, you can't complain about Bugs ethics because he don't have any Torchelli said money he was dropping out of the campaign Against Republican Challenger Doug Forster Out of concern that his party would lose control They nearly divided Senate Republicans want the high court to rule in the Jersey matter ruling unconstitutional Grounds at a court and out of state legislature Set the times, places, and manner of A congressional election The filing also contented at the state court The decision could properly strip voting rights From New Jersey residents overseas Sessions though serving a broad in the military Some ballots already been mailed with Torchelli's name On him. It is clear that the New Jersey Supreme Court Overstep there were 30 overwriting the will The people first said after living the paperwork The change and the switch on the ballot is illegal There was no media word on whether the high court would block The ballot mover hit the Republicans brought a repeal GOP elections lawyer said they expected an answer within two days The request was addressed first to just as David Suder Who handles appeal from New Jersey Democrats controlled a Senate by one seat So New Jersey was as we all know could be key and they never fit the elections And we know the Supreme Court ain't going to play politics on this one Make no mistake about that The same Supreme Court that stole the election three years ago They're not going to do it again, are they? Err. Iranian artist in trouble over kiss A well-known Iranian actress is landed herself in the Young Film Directorate in court for kissing him on the forehead and shaking his hand in public Oh, ready for that? Oh my god. Oh my god. Atomod newspaper reported reported that Gohar Kurendish Major display of affection last week after Ali Zamani was chosen as vest filmmaker At a film festival in the central city of Yams Yazid The incident triggered protest in Islamic Republic Or any physical contact between unmarried and unrelated men and women Is strictly forbidden, verboten No say permisa a key The two have since apologized for their behavior and Sisting was a spontaneous gesture She kissed me like a mother kisses her child, Mr. Zamani said But this did not prevent the head of the local justice To bomb an ordering their rest for disturbing public morality Mr. Zamani appeared in court on Wednesday was released on bail of Uh, what a 2500 bucks Ms. Kurendish is reportedly returning to Yazid to face the charges To face the music Conservative newspapers condemned them They are like that Our enemies are trying to harm Islam through our culture And this event is an example of that fact Said an editorial in Yal Less about weekly Iranian cinema as we see you've hired claim in recent years at international festivals But it remains subject to restrictions on a press of laws at home Filmmaker Tameen and Melani known for her liberal feminist views Was arrested last year for allegedly supporting counter-revolutionary groups How do you like that? I'm frying their ass Our good friends the Iranians man, another bunch of barbarians How come they're not evil doors? You know when you come right down there are evil doors Oh, that's right if we're got about that. Well, not not quite Not since the show got to his ass Yeah, since they pull out his fingernails Mad dog coming up at one he's enough to make you pull out your fingernails You get your right on the edge of your seat as we're working up to that big game on Sunday Man, you can throw you can smell the pressure baby Wow, it is in 10 Man, it's a heavy duty Hank Goldberg at three we got the day-bond statue with Hank 530 And then we got that Colis football crab What's football crab? Why do you know? You're supposed to be in 564 You weigh in Why the you busted? You missed her like there To save me a piece So good order I'm disappointed you passed on Clarice Still eating people right after you kill them I'm eating behind a tiny crow to the lectern Finger like in He cleans the people taste just like chicken If you see it at a full of the streets Very better honor you with it made Bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum甚 bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum goes bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum Number Anne, be sure and join little George at Jared Jewelers tomorrow at 1630 North Federal Highway in 4-Laterdale 13, stop by to win prizes registered to win trip for to the sea of the dolphins, calm the crap out of a girl's team in the jets in New York, no less. Now, you want to know who the real evil doers are or some of them? Okay. Federal regulations prohibit any broadcasts or for wanting more than eight radio stations in a single market. But in San Diego along California Southern border, industry giant clear channel communications businesses, is figured out a way around the rules, and that's left at smaller competitors fuming. By cutting deals to take over the programming of five Mexican stations, including two in May, third channel is grab nearly 50% of the San Diego market's radio advertising dollars according to estimates from research channel affirm BIA financial. The FCC exempts four known stations from encounter to the maximum of eight. All together, these sentient and the other loopholes have allowed third channel to take control of 13 stations, beaming signals in the San Diego, the San Antonio-based grave robbers, the nation's biggest radio broadcaster, and more market share here than any other top 20 market according to BIA. Would antennas within set of the West Mexico border and signals directed north? Clear channel is so called X stations, the Mexican outlet name starts with X, and become the key to a power struggle in San Diego radio. Smaller radio companies protest that media conglomerate not only is sidestep federal law by taking over the Mexican stations, but that it's using its size to muscle advertisers. Muscle advertising. Critics take clear channel is throwing its way to round with advertisers and doesn't have other markets where it's got concentrated power. As your government, once again destroys another industry, the radio business destroyed it, but you did, ruined it, killed it. Jefferson pilot communications a smaller broadcaster that owns four-sand eagle radio stations that in a complaint poverty FCC in March, that the exemption clear channel is exploiting his resulted in a serious competitive imbalance in San Diego and permitted the very market dominance Congress sought to preclude by establishing station owner chip caps. Jefferson pilot says the FCC to revise its rules in county station that places a single in the US radio market and direct significant programming and sales efforts there, and its basic pitch, cheap channeled private enterprises on the idea that if they spend all their radio dollars on the company stations, it receives bonuses such as free spots on its lower-rated stations. Even if they reject the idea of handing their entire ad account to one company, some media buyers in San Diego say they must buy spots on clear channel stations because it's tied up control of certain coveted demographic groups including many ages 18 to 34. Some advertisers say that means they must pay clear channels price or stay off the year. It's called monopoly. You would e it's up there at the FCC, you'll more runs, it's called a fricking monopoly. I can get proposals from five or six different clear channel stations like their carbon copies said veteran San Diego ad buyer JC Cordero for some targeting certain demographics they really heavy between a rock and a hard place. It's David and Goliath and right now Goliath is winning. John Hogan not the driver recently put it cheap at through channels, comrade station radio divisions head of his company's size is actually help media buyers by allowing them to engage in one stop shopping. Some he says and that's our one stop shopping in a cover way to put it. Put out your marbles in our basket because it's the only batisca to test get stick it in our basket. Through channel acquired control of the Mexican stations through so-called exclusive sales agreements in which the company pays a fee to the license holder and exchange for the right to sell airtime for and program the station. The antennas for the Mexican stations tower over an impoverished Tijuana neighborhood just fire mouth south of the border but the bulk of these stations brought cash from a sleek glass office building in northern San Diego where clear channel houses its US license stations for listeners discerning between cheap channels, Mexican stations and stations on this side of the border is difficult. One promotes his self-assad Diego's hit music channel and plays the latest offerings from Shakira and Justin Tickabell. Another is your home for hip hop and R&B. Thunk out Jay Zie and Ellie. Another station was advertised as my 80s 90s my music. Play softer hits such as a Michel Branch. For the most part the only clue that right here is different comes just once an hour during government mandated station IDs. How do you like that? The people who destroyed his business. Who would you prefer to have as the leader of the free world we got 438 votes bill Clinton on to 256 George W. 83 Tony Blair 66 and Al Sharpen God help us 33.