Who do you think represents the greatest threat to the world today? And we have two four or seven choices. Who do you think represents the greatest threat to the world today? Iraq, Iran, Al Qaeda, born again Christians, Israel, GW Bush, or Mohawk David? I think we also ought to put Saudi Arabia on their own, sure one of them. Well, that's where 15 of the 19 hijackers came from. I just mentioned that again in France. No, sure, I mean, why don't we hit the winner? I mean, and knock them off, and then they got to help a lot more world than Iraq. Don't they? Right, but there are bushes partners. Oh, that's right. I mean, the business pot in the zero going to attack your partners unless you're highman raw. That's right. Maybe we can get highman raw to take care of it. Okay, here's the poll again. A choice is now. Who do you think represents the greatest threat to the world today? Iraq, Iran, Al Qaeda, born again Christians, Saudi Arabia, Israel, George W. Bush, and Mohawk David? In fact, I wonder, those dead Palestinians who they would have voted for if we are given them a choice yesterday. That was that's a disgusting story, which we'll get to eventually, but we got a heavy play today, maybe we got more bedtime stories than you can shake your uh, we're getting it. Here's a good story to start off. Now, feel good story. Station fires DJ for honor prank and viving cows widow. Oh, good story. Yes. Peace of crap. Phoenix, a disjockey who made an honor prank called of the widow of the singleist cardinals, Richard Dirol Kire, Kyle has been fired. The radio station announced Monday. KUPD FM, Qput radio, morning radio personality bowed to Iran called Flynn Kyle at her hotel and asked if she had a date to last Thursday's playoff game, the stunt outrage St. Louis manager Tony Lerussen prompted an apology from the Arizona Diamondbacks. KUPD suspended to land last week, but an statement released yesterday by the station, General manager Chuck RdU said to her and it had been fired. The statement also quoted to RdU saying he was truly sorry for having offended Mrs. Kyle and the Cardinals organization. Kyle is starting to picture for the Cardinals died from black cornering arteries in June while in Chicago for a game. Probably the most tasteless prank isn't even in a appropriate word, you know? No. tasteless disgusting act in the history of the human race. And like you said yesterday, open an Anthony at least sex and a church was funny. Damn straight. I mean, it wasn't rape because we know rape isn't funny, but it was like voluntary sex, which we know sometimes can be very funny. Savors used Navy credit cards to hire prostitutes to be an asexping funny. That's not allowed. Navy personnel used government credit cards to hire prostitutes at Brawls by jewelry, gambled on a 10 New York Yankee in LA Lakers games in Frudgell and purchases exceeding $200,000 dollars for US investigators have found. Oh, lower paid and listed personnel earning between 12 and 27,000 with the biggest abusers, but the Navy itself bears responsibility for a faded amount of the travel card program the GAO concluded. The GAO report was prepared for a house hearing today and obtained yesterday by the A&P and Wegmans will have it for you tomorrow. The study shows the abuse and law of laws. Once the other one I always leave out. I, GAO. The study shows the abuse is continued many months after the investigators wrote, first publicly reported on problems with and star market don't forget them. Problems with travel cards. For my October 2000s from March 2002, the nurse survey found 1180 Navy transactions with personal items totaling 200,000,600 bucks. I mean, like that last couple of the GAO found that some 200 army personnel used the cards to get $38,000 in cash that they spent on lat dances. Another forms of entertainment at strip clubs near military bases. Oh, what's wrong with that? Oh, the Navy reports that were 80 transactions including 13,000 plus of tuna vada brothels. 199 purchases for 20,800 at two jewelry stores, 247 transactions totaling almost 29 granted 3.0 clubs by sure up pressure island wasn't one of those. 80 gambling transactions per over 34 grant and 72 cruises for 38,000 bucks. 502 purchases of tickets worth 71,000 for underbusting entertainment events including fandom of the opera, Yankee embraced baseball games and LA Lakers baseball games and guess what, no more Yankee or braids games this season? How do you like that Virginia? Because there ain't no Santa Claus for those guys anymore and good, good written, sorry. Let's get some new blood in there. I'm sure you must have watched that last night. What? Oh, and that's why I played the Brittany thing because we were watching Georgia's down there and I'm up here. We're doing dual channel surfing this morning before the show. And what's his name? Matt Lauer there with that chemo therapy here. Matt Lauer had three chicks on there. One of whom was Brittany? I don't know who the other two were. And then they, I don't know who the shard. The other one was Shakira with the bad hair? The blonde, yeah. No. Yeah. Get out of town. That was my friend Shakira. I love seeing you. Yeah. Well, why didn't you tell me that? I said, there's a machine on the combo when they were pulling. Usually, you have that frizzy hair that Chelsea Clinton hairdo. That's her look now. But anyway. So that's a good combination because she can sing and Brittany looks good. I said it. Right. But you can see whatever they want about Brittany. She looked pristine this morning. Even old Fag like me, I must confess to bring the lump to my throat when I saw her on her. She's about as perfect looking as anything can be. Yeah. Oh, brother. In fact, I just conjured up the image of her in the Tom Brady doing it. Although Tom is doing pretty good for himself, he's a shacked up with who is it? Oh, Terri. Terri read. Yeah. Moves in with Super Bowl Humming. Well, he's got that straight later off from the inquiry. Got a full plate like I said, heavy duty. And heavy duty. It'll be crap in your brains out. But don't let that beast on the ear again. Whatever you do. Okay. Maybe for the updates, it might be okay. But not on my show when I'm in the building because I can't stand seeing that little prick. He can sort what those mornings come bags. Not those midday scumbags. Not actually. He did concert with the morning scumbags. Maybe we ought to put him on the outs. 2 9 13 at 5 60 W to Q a M. Hey, you ought to be concerned with our girlfriends at dollar matters. Now hook you up with the best mattress you've ever put your ass on. I guarantee that. If the old mattress just isn't doing it for you anymore if it's worn out. And believe me, they don't last forever. You're not going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. You're going to be a good one. A little ribbon pepter on the part of Ricky Williams. I think I'll today shoot. We're going to discuss Ricky Williams. Ricky, Ricky Williams. And then Ricky Williams. Oh, man. I got my Ricky Williams poster here. I'm looking at it right now. I'm on a top chair. Oh, oh, oh, oh. No, no, no, no. That will kill you. I'm on one spot that was in the fantasy name drop to express your own identity here. Ricky Williams. I never guessed another man who would date before. But my author, my editor is actually up to the sacred author of sports. I still don't know who you are. But I feel the need to drop to all of them. I want you to feel me. Since you know I'm so cold. Ricky Williams. Ricky Williams. All day. All night. Up here at the F.A. The F.A. It's only on sport. Already on 5.60. W.U.A. And the one last. That'd be a great poll question to maybe we'll do that tomorrow. Who's got a better do? Ricky Williams or Matt Lauer? There's no eye and I'll kind of by the way Eric. I don't want to correct your spelling. But there's no eye and I word. That was spelling. And his defense. You know, you're you're you're not bad in your batting average is like when a school. Right. We go first of all. Yes. I tried to tell yesterday that open score 49 points against Buffalo. I was wrong on a Buffalo score. I think I said 49.35 was 49.31. And you're giving me a song and it's about. I went and I took that that a field goal out there. I was 52 52. Yeah. Been a thought and the visit for me. Should this week. I don't know. Yeah. You didn't. You're really spewing his fourth man. I'll tell you that. You better watch out because you could be beast junior. If you don't watch yourself. Let's see. What are we doing? Alcat is Q.U.E.D.A. And so don't pay attention to Carlos because he's a little bit. Okay. He's kind of like chief Mooster in Maryland. And I want to say he's a little bit. He said he put a V in a word and he's got like a, I don't know. It sounded like he was saying muffins even though he wasn't trying to. I don't know what he was saying man, but it wasn't a word. I'd be speaking. And if you're going to be the chief of police, it would seem to me that being like, you don't have to be like a rocket scientist, but like at least a little bit articulate would be good, but nevertheless. Miami and MSNBC nice job of getting everybody in a panic yesterday afternoon. They were reporting another shooting in that area that never really occurred. But they were like hyperventilating. Pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, getting on historical. And guess what? I was right. Alan Keys is no longer making sense. He's off. He's gone. Miami men convicted for beating grilled of death over sausages. Remember that story? Yes. Well, good news. The Miami man was sentenced to life in prison. Oh, right. After he was convicted yesterday of beating his girlfriends two year old ordered a death for eating his breakfast sausages. I wonder if they were Timmy Deans. Juvon Picket 22 was convicted of first to be murdered and aggravated child abuse for the 1998 beating of Ashley Smithson was taken off life's report a month afterward. Circuit Judge manual Crespo sentenced Picket way mandatory life sentence without parole without parole. Picket signed Ashley's head against the wall and refrigerator once he ate a package of sausages meant for him. Police said Picket also allegedly pressed his fist against your stomach to try to get her to throw up the sausages. I don't want to, I don't even want to articulate what purpose of that was, oh, I don't want to go there. If I can't have him, nobody can. Pescentia Bradley 27 the girls mother pretty guilty to manslaughter last year was sentenced to 11 and a half years. Prosecutor said she stood by and watched the beating. A murder charge was dropped and exchanged for her testimony against Picket. No relation to Bobby Boris Picket or Wilson Picket. Maybe that's what they can serve him in jail every day for the rest of his life. Is pre-eaten sausages pre-tested? If you ever had food like that, I've been in some restaurants where I thought that the meal was like pre-tested. U.S. says tanker blast came from within. You can just hear that song now. Was it within or without that manford manthing, you know? Come on, within or come on without you. Was it with that? Uh-huh. The explosion that punched the hole in a French tanker off the coast of Yemen appears to have occurred within the ship. A senior U.S. State Department of Officials had yesterday, but don't rush any conclusions because now for whatever the stories keep changing every five minutes. The French said this, because they don't want their insured loser insurance and go bankrupt that company, and the Yemenis were to embarrass by their saying, oh absolutely, yeah, it was an accident. And now the U.S. is, oh no chance, no terrorism. The tanker carrying 390-7000 barrels of crude oil was set a fire by the blast Sunday in the Gulf of Odden, indicating where that was an explosion from inside the vessel the official said adding that a variety of sources including French and Yemeni investigators have drawn that conclusion from the way the vessel looked at the explosion. State Department spokesman Richard Bushay said the U.S. is offered assistance to the Yemeni-inference authorities who are leading the investigation experts from the Navy after they finish the post-Script clubs experts in the Navy are going to even to help with investigations he said. I don't see anything wrong with people from the Navy going to the in-script clubs or any other stuff. The government reached more money in five minutes than they'll have a waste in their lifetime. Why not let them have a good time? Okay, but I'm in a better frame of mood, especially the elicid men. How many votes we got on here? The poll is up by the way, we're not wasting any time. We got to be a nice go and Eric. We got on that right away. We're on top of things today. Twenty two votes. The most who represents the great we did one similar to the scuffle weeks ago, the most dangerous person, but this is right person. There are a couple of persons on there. Who do you think represents the greatest threat to the world today? George W. Bush six, board again, Christian six, Saudi Arabia three, how are David three? How's that going to be representing the greatest threat to the beast, maybe not to the world? Iraq two, al-Qaeda two, and Israel and Iran have none's a eight so far. Let's ask the Palestinians how they feel about that. Speaking of people getting shot off school shooting linked to sniper. In fact, there's the old mousseman. Can you clarify, you just said we were hopeful that they have no information. No, this guy holds the news conference every 15 minutes and to tell us that now the deal is the investigation is moving forward. They have no suspect. They have no clues. They haven't got any freaking idea who's doing these aberrant things we shoot in everybody. And the thing that I don't understand, I call me crazy, but you're crazy. This business, and he's the one that done it yesterday. The tear running down is taken. You see that? No, thank God. Yeah, and he was going out about well now. It's personal because now he's got over the line. That he shot a kid. He shot a 13 year old kid. And I asked you before the show. It may be somebody out there can answer nothing. We're taking in your dumb and phone calls. But I don't understand. Is a 13 year old kid's life more valuable than if he was 18 or 25 or 30 or that 72 year old woman. It was just going shopping in minding your own business. I don't get that. Of course, though, you know that the younger you are the more valuable your life is because you're going to do that. Well, that's what the priest would tell you, but I'm not sure that that's necessarily my opinion. I want to say, I know. I don't get that. You've crossed the line. Now, in other words, the other shootings were, you know, not too good. It was not nice meeting, but this crosses that now you're really going a little bit too far. Okay, Mr. Now you've really got his pissed off and fired up. But we still have no idea what's all about. No clue. Students escorted to class under heavy guard as the dealer. They got the kids going to school and they're all crap in their pants in the DC area. They made a good point on what's that show, uh, awful show with the Chris Matthews, a softball's last night. You made a good point. And that is that supposedly, you know, we're going to do a rack and a present makes a speech last night. We're going to go in here and make the world safe from the all the weapons and mass destruction. And at the meantime, while people are supposed to be feeling a little better about that alleged, they're in a Washington DC area. People are all crap in their pants and are walking around on egg shells. Monday shooting of that 13 year old boy outside of middle school and Prince George's county is linked to Washington area snack for tax last week that let six people dead and another wounded authority said the project aisle. I didn't just say the bullet. Oh, because projectile takes up more space. You don't know how many words. The project aisle is identical to those that have been recovered from other scenes said Joe Real, a special agent for the federal bureau, the ATF folks. And with the ATF and Waco, I bet you, Janet, or was that Prince George's police chief, Gerald Wilson refused to discuss these secrets possible motive. Isn't that him that that we just had on there? Then him, Gerald, no, that's the most man. I get them confused. What I want is him, Wilson said, how did we know it's a him? Maybe it could be a her with the, you know, she's a good shot or a them or them. ATF special agent Mike, who shards said it's more troubling that the sniper was now attacking innocent children. The stakes are raised. All of us are taking it more personal and makes this more determined. The gloves are off he said. So in other words, if he would just stuck with people, over the age of 18 of League of Lays, we would, you know, the gloves were still been on. Even if he would shot a flag about a hundred people in three or four days, but now that he got the first kid, the gloves are off. I don't know. So gratuitously, uh, crap. A 30 said that we were for information. The rest commission to kill or kill us is risen to 160 grand. 100,000 from the state 50,000 from Montgomery County, another 10,000 from the victim's rights foundation. The boy gun done Monday was taken when nearby hospital by his anterners who had just dropped them off at school from there. He was airlifted to Children's National Medical Center in Washington, where he underwent surgery for a single gunshot. And it was abdomen. He was described in critical, but stable condition on a ventilator. Doctors removed his spleen and part of his stomach and pancreas. We're happy with how he's doing at this point, but we can't anticipate how that might evolve over the next several hours said the boys are in the hospital. And then we're going to have a doctor Martin Eichelberger. So there he goes. And there's a good old chief mousse on there again. For a partner's, uh, the saying absolutely nothing. But like that, nothing. Because they know nothing. But they sure as I can't say that because that's just that we just don't do that. That would be like saying do we know anything about Osama or or Muhammad? And these other things where these people are no, but we know where the other thing is we got some idea where he is. And of course you remember back at the end of the Gulf War, there was all that talked about getting rid of him and assassinating him and all of this stuff. And because the first of all there is like about 40 different sands. He's been all these doubles. Oh, he does. You didn't know that? No. Oh, he's got. He's got I don't know. No. But he's got several the standings who look like him. So when things get really tough, not crap. That wasn't him. But it's a good start. You know, when But it's a good start, you know, no, how do we even know the real sound? We don't, it's like Fumenshu, exactly. And Fuda, you. 927 at 560WQN does a sound like you overwork underpaid or duck at a crappy dead end job? Uh-uh, uh-uh. Then do yourself a favor, pick up the phone, call a nice people at fast train, they'll be having to answer your questions, and get you out of that rut. Call tool free, 1-866 fast train. The demand for certified computer professionals has never been better than it is right now and bigger. And fast-ranking can help you achieve a brand new career in as little as four months, four short months, the world might see we might still be alive by then. Fast-ranking is South Florida's largest certified Microsoft Training Center with locations in Pembroke Pines, Fort Lauderdale, Kendall and Miami. Fast-ranking offers convenient day evening weekend classes, and they get a full-time job placement to farm on over 30 years experience. So if you're in that category, we're talking about earlier if you're overworked underpaid on a pre-hidden stuck in a really crappy dead end job. Don't wait another second. Pick up the phone and call fast-traineders. No obligation call 1-866 fast-trained because just often think about it in four short months, you can be on your way to becoming a high-paid, computer professional in a real career with greater and potential. So if you want a real career in a real paycheck, take my advice, pick up that thing and call fast-trained at 866 fast-trained. That's 866 fast-trained or check them out on the web at fast-trained.com. So if you want a real paycheck, take your advice, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place. So if you want a real paycheck, take your advice, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place. So if you want a real paycheck, take your advice, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place. So if you want a real paycheck, take your advice, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place. So if you want a real paycheck, take your advice, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place. So if you want a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained. So if you want a real paycheck, take your advice, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place. So if you want a real paycheck, take your advice, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place. So if you want a real paycheck, take your advice, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place. So if you want a real paycheck, take your advice, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place. So if you want a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained. on a pre-hidden place. So if you want a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place. So if you want a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place. So if you want a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place. on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place. on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place. on a pre-hidden place. on a pre-hidden place. on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-h deleting place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up this thing and call fast-trained on a pre-hidden place, pick up that thing and call fast-trained and mashed potato east on the side. 9.32 at 5.60 WQAM. That could be the best of all time, you know it. Not too many people would agree with me on that, but I think that one is a sleeper. It does it for me. This is from the Financial Times, Blair warned, war to Ossidam illegal. I noticed that Iran has no vote so far, just noticed that. Senator Bobby Graham was on the other night, two nights ago. Said that Iran is far more dangerous than Iraq, and that has below our much more dangerous than al-Qaeda that has below us as much as much as many more cells in this country than al-Qaeda ever will. And of course, Iran are the sponsors of his below on the trainers that said him and so on. And there much much more dangerous than quite a Bobby Graham, but then, you know, what is he now? Totally Blair, the UK Prime Minister has been warned by his attorney general that military action against Iraq to force a regime change would breach international law. Oye! The clear advice from Lord Goldsmith and Harriet Heraman, Harman, the solicitor general, places the Prime Minister in a potentially impossible position, according to legal experts. The warning explains why the government's been careful to avoid any suggestion in its military threats or design to force Adam Hussein out. Mr. Blair sympathetic to President Bush's threats to act unilateral against Iraq if you end disarmament moves failed but. President Bush's repeated emphasis on regime change re-advaded last week when the White House appeared to endorse the assassination of Mr. Hussein will make any concrete UK military support for such US action very difficult. Mr. Blair last month said Britain will always act in accordance with international law. The law officers confidential advice to Mr. Blair sets out limited circumstances in which international law could allow military action support for existing UN security council resolutions and gives legal backing for action enforce the fresh resolution under negotiation at the UN, but it rules out war to achieve regime change. Where the government to breach international law could find itself before the international court of justice, facing charges for breaching the UN charter. The US is on by the way to Queen is here in Canada last a few days, I guess what she didn't bang cover. I don't know. Drop the puck to start a hockey game. Aw, exactly. The US is unlikely to be deterred from unilateral action by such constraints. However, such action with strained relations with the UK, America's closest ally, Mr. Blair would fight a difficult and support the US without splitting his party. He said, column one of party started. Many of his cabinet members are opposed in private military action that doesn't exist, not only when backing the law officers advice is strengthened, they're resolved. Meanwhile, Jack Strau, UK Foreign Minister on Sunday told the BBC, he did not accept that Mr. Blair has received a rebut from President Bush over the UK's plans for a Middle East peace conference by the end of the year. Yeah, it looks like peace to me in the Middle East, don't it? Yeah, it looks like a normal smell of cancer, or is that just the abadis? Pieces. Yeah, pieces in our hand. Remember kissing your ones said that pieces in his hand? Here's some good new, more good news. I'm sure that the Republicans out there wouldn't think it's good news, but guess what? Tough to do, okay? You still won, they'll steal one back. And that's the way it goes. Turn about as fair play or something like that. Who always says that? What's the show? Hollywood Squares. Tick for time. Peter Marshall used to say that. Turn about as fair play. That's the only thing I didn't like when he did the show. Turn about as fair play. That's a corny expression, Peter. Okay? Cut the crap. Oh, he sure's house a lot better. What's that guy that was on a new Hollywood Squares? What's that was his name? Oh, I'm bird, Ron. Yeah, that's the one. Frog, froggy. Bird's you're on the wonder I didn't like him. How do I know the name? The recipe and court refused yesterday to intervene in New Jersey's Valet to Spute, Permitting Democrats to replace Senator Robert Torres Sully with Frank Lottonberg as the Reacent Dominique. Lottonberg's already way ahead in the polls he will win. They might as well call off the election. Varring any changes that means Lottonberg will be on the November 5th. Ballet Hill faced Republican Doug Foster who's got two chances none and much less than none. That's what it says here, right on the CNN website, none and much much much much much much much much much less than on it says. The New Jersey race is critical to both political parties because Democrats Controlled the West Individes just one vote and Republicans believe that with Torres Sully on a Valet. They did a good chance of winning that seat. Torres Sully dropped out of the race a week ago because he was falling in the Pollsman lingering questions over his ethics, which you couldn't complain about his ethics because he didn't have any. Republicans had asked the court to work for Rulli New Jersey Supreme Court, which last week of February requests by Democrats to remove Torres Sully from the Valet in replacing with Lottonberg who we tear from the Senate two years ago. Meanwhile attorneys for forced are going to federal court in Trenton, New Jersey, to argue that the voting rights act was violated by these Swiss Democratic candidates hearing involves a lawsuit filed by two voters, a US Army doctor Kevin Rally and Hawaii and a man living in Paris who say they already can't see the balance in the race. They're being represented by forced or legal team. Well, I guess we'll give him a new ballot. Okay, let him vote again. Okay, assholes. Just the white goes, you know, I mean, uh, sway it is turnaround like I said, a stir or play isn't the way to say it. Something like that. Here's a great article. Common Dreams New Center, Common Dreams.org, by the way, is the website really, really good stuff on here. McDermott accuses Bush or plotting to be Emperor. US representative Jim McDermott brought in his attack on George W. Bush's war plans yesterday saying the president is threatening military action in Iraq as part of a plot of the American. I don't think he's too far off. Have I said that? If it was up to this band of Murray Nazis, we never have another presidential election. I think that's pretty close to true. Criticized for saying on a trip to Iraq, early last week that Bush would mislead the American public. McDermott said a Democrat was back in his Seattle Democrat. Rather was back in his district yesterday telling cheering supporters that Bush is planning awarded distract voters attention from domestic problems. And I think he is. He said Bush is trying to submarine efforts to restart weapons and inspections in Iraq to give made pretext for starting a war. A war McDermott said is being planned in part to bolster US oil interests. I can't stand anybody dishonest, you know what? Right. And what we're dealing with right now in his countries, whether we're having a kind of bloodless silent, cool or non- McDermott said at a town hall at the Jefferson Park community center on Beacon Hill, the event was sponsored by local Democrats and other groups in his congressional district. At the heart of the debate, McDermott said is whether Congress or the president has the power to declare war, the president's trying to bring himself all the power to become an emperor to create empire America he said. And he warned his supporters if you go along like sheep, that's what will happen. State Republican Party Chairman Chris Fancy, McDermott's comments about the coup were the most irresponsible thing I've ever heard in American politicians say. Sometimes politicians like every one else will blurt things out they don't mean. Had like Jeff Bush maybe? Fancy, but it sounds like he's thought about this carefully and really believed that. The resolution Congressal vote on next week was negotiated between the White House and the president's election leaders of both parties. The president's not trying to bypass Congress fan cities taking his case to Congress. If president Bush has engaged in a coup then his co-conspirators are which would give heart and Joe Lieberman he said refer to them are credit leaders and both of them are very dangerous. Especially that, Joe Lieberman. About 200 people showed up from McDermott's meeting and beacon Hill community center nearly all were supporters outside four or five protestors carried time to bejecting the Saddam Hussein's or rather to McDermott's recent trip to Iraq and his comments about Bush and Saddam Hussein. Saddam Good Bush bad, this is Baghdad James Mined on drugs said a time carried by Brandon Swali of Liquid. I think he should be thrown out. When McDermott Iraq was escorted into the hallways by Seattle police and followed by a few protesters, one of whom shouted after him, our president is not a liar if you want to say it's sad here but don't go to foreland to say it. Inside the crowd was heavily in favor of McDermott's view when opponents took a microphone to talk they were shouted down and totally get their question in. Supporters that were able to talk uninterrupted and gave anti-war speeches. Kind of like the beast they were just shut up. Last week McDermott said he may have overstated his case against Bush while in Iraq but yesterday was clear he believes there's a pattern of deception within the Bush administration to justify a war he said that Bush is using the memory of 9.11 terrorist attacks to fuel a war with Iraq. One of the dilemmas we've had since done 11 is that this country has been continuously terrorized by the government McDermott said every week they announced a new threat today is called orange today is called red. Grant granted it was an awful day. It was a heinous act nobody is anything but horror over what happened that day. But the message to draw from that day is not that we should suddenly go to war with the whole world which basically is what the president is saying. McDermott has convinced that Bush has been on war with Iraq to distract voters attention from a collapsing stock market and other problems at home. It's the oldest game in a book he said. They found this war very convenient to obscure people's views about what's happening domestically and he is. Absolutely correct. Beyond a shadow of a doubt. 9.41.5.60. WCM. Oh, now there's a Katherine Harris. Where what? Oh, it's that bitch Katherine Harris on CNN. Oh, I see. Oh my god. Well, she just came on her to try to cover it up. What could it be in the library? Almost as Bush's janitor, you know. And listen, I'll tell you something. That will put you up a little bit and it's only a man. I'm gagging on it, you know. Oh yeah. Must have been seen Katherine Harris in an angry back to back. And it's a great news for you. And it's a great news for you. And it's a great news for you. And it's a great news for you. And it's a great news for you. And it's a great news for you. And it's a great news for you. And it's a great news for you. And it's a great news for you. And it's a great news for you. And it's a great news for you. And it's a great news for you. And it's a great news for you. And it's a great news for you. And even your mind, are using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with all those other good things. And audio med helps men and they've got products specifically for women as well. Pits them up today at Whole Food Markets, Walgreens, Sedano's Debarro Pharmacy. If you might get more information about these fantastic new products, what they do for you and where you stick it, just call tool free 1-866-Oleomad. That's 1-866-Oleomad, which you can also order online if you prefer at Oleomadamerica.com. And every card in him which, comes on the top of the palm of TV. Please present it up. Repel the good muscle in and in our opinion in it. I don't know why. They won't want to die, but they're easy here. First comes the bad for you. With President Trump. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He's a good man. He can inspire his people. He can inspire his people. He can make a quick gift to the pole. 946. It's a 160 W球 98 boats on the pole. Rounds with bowl. It's interesting that the Christian right and George W. and that song we just played. President Dumshamett. Because George Zwae to represent the biggest threat to the World of the day. George W has got 29. And Boat again. Christian 28. So they're the R&Lockstep. It was a tough choice for me. Mohour David's in third place with 14 which will get back to him in a second of his great facts you just sent me. Al Qaeda 11, now that we spelled it right, Iraq 6, Saudi Arabia 5, they're the Tigran of Wood Powell, maybe the Saudis, the fricking Saudis and the Carlisle group and the Bushmiseus, I'm sorry. Israel 3 and Iran now is 2. Here's a great facts from George, that George with the G, not to be confused with George with the G. Says good morning, Neil, hope all is well up there in paradise. Yes, I'm the mayor of paradise, is it matter of fact, did you know that? No, I didn't. Star of states, we didn't paradise, that's one of my favorite lines in all of that. But anyway. Yes, and then here had Howard show, here piece himself was poking by the head coach of the University of Maryland basketball coach's physical appearance. He's a fat slob. A couple of listeners obviously wouldn't know tongue and cheek from something you even had Pakistani delicacy, called in a Delhi that should be, I guess, called into protest how it's commenced. And here, here, hard himself. Here, hard himself said, come on guys, light and up, let me spend this to you. This is just a radio show, it's tongue and cheek, we're just having a little fun. It's nothing personal. Now, isn't that ironic? Come on, who who, if that's the way you feel, I want to loosen up the bolts on your hear helmet, will others, they're poke fun at you. Hey, I heard that hardly hard is out there today because he's getting his weed chain to Rickard Williams' redlocks. Beast told me off the year. Ha ha ha ha. No, beast didn't pay you off the year, I'll begin his ass and deep trouble again. Okay, that's a big ass and it's getting pretty deep. He did the excellent fast George. Huh? I guess there are no Pakistani delis, I guess delicacy was the right word. I don't know what he's saying, but it's very amusing to me. And it's an excellent point. Because he's been doing that for months now, he's been doing a lot of that. He'll rip somebody an ass and call him ass. Some horrendous disparaging disgusting pig. But which is fine, okay? It's a radio show. But if somebody, you know, in other words, you can make all the fun you want to everybody else, but don't be poking off of me because I'm the other chief, uh, horse and bottle shooter in paradise, whatever it is. Well, does he? Yeah, we know what he is. So anyway, he's got 16 votes. He's doing relatively well as in third place, third mode of dangerous force in a world of the day. And wait till those numbers come out in a couple of weeks. I think a lot of people might agree. I don't know. Maybe he'll get a number. I have no idea. Well, he'll get some number, you know? Everybody gets a number. Sometimes it has a, oh, in front of it, but he'll have a number. And then of course, if he does have a bad number, Jim Son, you're right. Some cars to things again, but always very cleverly disguised, very thinly veiled shots, you know, because we don't have anybody with any balls there, right? And he's stuck. And Tom Jick, I noticed, now since our victim and ass for being a lazy slob, he, uh, he writes 14 columns a day, but it's always on the new TV shows, you know? Here's a written one thing about radio in about 20 years now. And it's all he writes about. Every stinkin' day, although we did write a good piece about that PBS special at front line thing, which I'm sure that nobody out there watched. Okay, I do my best. Okay, you can lead a horse to your TV set to the remote control, but you can't make them click it, right? Right. Christian University in North Carolina suffers turmoil over great tampering. Oh, it's not the emissed print. It's an abortion globe though. Well, you know how anti-religion they've become. Voiling spring in North Carolina. A university cheating scandal at your good noisy protest and angry resignations has your what that I'm gonna, a campus few might expect. A small back to school that prides itself on its Christian roots. And one thing we know about real good Christians is they know a lie to us. No. Gardner Web University has been in Berlin, controversy ever since the school's president admitted he wrote a memo two years ago, ordering a start basketball players GPA to be calculated without an F. He received her cheating and of all things a religion class. Without the change, Carlos Web would have been ineligible in 2001, the seasoned Gardner Web won the National Christian College Athletic Association Championship and up until this moment until I read this story earlier, up until this day I never knew there was such a thing as the National Christian College Athletic Association Championships. Did you? Did I? This is the NCC AA. Not just your regular ordinary pedestrian NC AA, which is for like just your pedestrian glam. This is for perfessional glam. The school's trustees affirm Christopher wife presidency after a 10 hour meeting September 27th, although they demoted a pair of administrators who would criticize white actions. Three faculty members reside as a result since last Wednesday, students have protested white survivorship in trustees actions outside an entrance to the campus in the town of 3900 about 50 miles west of Charlotte. You wanted to know where it is, boiling springs? There are 50 miles west of Charlotte, baby. I know as Christians were supposed to forgive said Patrick Woody, or Shropi don't have one. Presently student government, with forgiveness and mercy comes responsibility and with responsibility, it's supposed to come justice and I don't think any justice has come from this. And of course you know where we go for justice, don't you? I do. It's only one place you go for justice to see. Don't call your own. That's right. Exactly. I get that off of there and get that pop-back on. Thank you. Well you know what I sometimes have forget about that. The controversy began September 10th and day-wide admitted a faculty meeting that he ordered that an F grade not be figured into the Green Point average of a web. Opponents say white actions and the trustees faded upon issue and filates the spirit of Gardner Web's honor code. The president's vacuers, including the Chairman of the Board of Trustees, say the commits white did not violate the letter of any school rules and that he acted in the spirit of fairness toward Web, who had been incorrectly advised to get the effort movement GPA by retaking the class. Well guess what, baby. I'll guess what, baby. You lose. Well do you change your mind you win? White 58 is an ordained Baptist minister and has been president of Gardner Web for more than 16 years, Gardner Web's graduate divinity school is named for him. About a dozen students picketed last week of the main entrance to the campus in downtown boarding Springs and the far west in Port of the State near South Carolina line. One sign paraphrase softly is, rather fail without a then succeed with fraud. Other signs urge drivers to honk if they support the protesters. If he's humble at all he should resign since student Ashley work, but wonder if he's kid to work done. Or he and work. I'll see you. I'll see you. I'm psychic. More than that pitch. If she was so psychic she wouldn't have had that weed without the airport. I'm telling you right now she knows she's going to get caught. University is basically split now. It's about an unquestion ethics but he's lied. He's cheated. I don't think we're going to heal with him in here. We're not going to heal baby. Go see Ernest Angel if you want to heal. Look put his hand on your forehead. Or go see Benny Hinnhana. Go see that faker. Hilla just tap you on a head and you'll fall over like you got hit by a ton of bricks. For the right price. Or here the Supreme Court of course was meeting yesterday. They started their new meat and all kinds of stuff. We got all kinds of Supreme Court stores included that one. They said they tore a celly. A lot of them were thinking they're Jersey. We're not going to hear it because it would look too bad. The word is antoninscalia was falling at the mouth. They had to put them in restraints like Hannibal Lecter. But nevertheless they held them back and they said, now we're not getting involved in that one. Okay. One thing to get fixed the presidential thing but give you the Senate too. We're not too sure about that. Stars had two appeal rejected by the Supreme Court. You remember good old Kenny Star? You know famous penis gate that poor are that the famous pornography? The US Supreme Court rejected yesterday an appeal arguing that free speech rights covering tattooing in the case of a tattoo artist who was fine for demonstrating his craft on TV and a state where tattooing is effectively illegal? They rejected the appeal. Can you follow that? No. Well, move on. Without any comment to just as a refuse to hear an appeal by Ronald White who's believed to be the only person ever arrested in more than a 35 years that South Carolina is effectively ban tattooing. Right next door they're right across the border. They got lion questions. Bank of all players cheat on their religion class and right across the border back in South Carolina we got people trying to get tattooed. White's lawyer former independent counsel Kenny Star who knows a lot about getting screwed in tattooed. Pulled the justices that tattooing represented an 8,000 year old art form in Tesla protecting under the first member of the US Constitution. So in other words according to Kenny Star, blow jobs bad. Tatoo's good. All right. I was kind of thinking it was the other way around. I'm late. I got straightened though. Well, they both involved the prick. John who I special across you. I'll just pretend I didn't hear that. Star who I special prosecutor investigative in prison and built and the Monica Winsky Sex Scandal in blow job gate challenged a sub Carolina Supreme Court ruling met up up to state's ban on tattoo artistry. In a free society, this is intolerably said in a society that protects liquor advertising and pornography, it is inexplicable. Art deserves protectors. Art said star who has returned to his private law practice. Simply put, the South Carolina Supreme Court's decision is in war with artistic freedom. The road arguing that Tatooian involved artistic expression even though it usually looks like crap. White violence house in 1999 drew a spiritual tattoo a creative adaptation of ancient tribal tattoo that signifies the onset of adulthood on the arm of another man. Oh. A local South Carolina TV station showed white doing the tattoo as part of a story on Tatooian. After the show aired, he was arrested for violating in the 1966 state law which makes it a crime to tattoo another person. That trial-wide admitted he violated the law but argued it was unconstitutionally with found guilty sentenced to five years probation and find 500 bucks. Oklahoma's UNL this day to ban Tatooian. Oklahoma. First star said Tatooian which became popular in the US more than quarter century goes under gunna renaissance in the past three decades. He said it's recovered from a scare in the early 1960s when a hepatitis outbreak in New York was thought to have been caused by a dirty Tatoo parlor on Coney Island. But rather have a dirty Tatoo problem dirty hot dogs on Coney Island. Have any corny arms in Detroit? No. South Carolina Good. South Carolina Attorney General Charles Condon defended Los Angeles nearly drawn to serve the state's interests and protecting the health and safety of its citizens. It only prohibits lay people from engaging in one of our specific method of applying body art injection of ink or dial of the skin. He said Condon said South Carolina residents were free to get tattoos outside the state. Just don't do that. You don't even hear that in the confines of our borders, baby. You can weigh that Confederate flag. But number one and number two don't be a flag and number three don't get no tattoo. And especially from No. A flag. Oh, I think if you get a tattoo from a fact that's it you've done. You've had it. 955-50WQAM. If your carpets looked like they'd been tattooed in screw to feel really bad, the answer is dry concepts. They'll come in your home and perform. Probably one of the very few real miracles that's ever happened in history of mankind. I know I've been using them for over 20 years in my house and my mouse and believe me. Especially haven't had two dogs most of that period of time. My carpets take a real beating. The dry concepts come in. They dry clean the carpets. They suck out the deep down dirt and they leave them and look in brand new spelling one of any fresh. They're drying a couple of hours and you just keep you. No matter how many years you use them, you just keep shaking your hand every time they leave. And wonder how can they possibly make them look so good. But they do it and they give you a written guaranteed price before they start doing the job. So no tack on's, no scams at the end of the job like some of those other guys. And they also do an unbeatable job at doing all kinds of other spiffies to afford. A furniture cleaning and draper cleaning spot dyeing, fiber protection, carpet repairs, infant or animal ruts, service, second and nobody. The authorization and a flood strikes your home, complete water damage restoration too. So get the job done the right way and the fair price you're always going to pin out with dry concepts. They'll never let you down. And Broward call 954-3707778. 954-3707778 and data upon beach 1-800-2485071. 1-800-2485071 clean today, entertainment night with dry concepts. My local career sports video 566-U.A.M. Anybody have a heart or a liver? I will. I give it to you. You know it's time to get out 15 slime. What about to hit them with everything all night once? Why in one of those? I'll give the infithy to us. And bag that's going down, no doubt about it. I know that won't give to the crates. But it's almost on this Saturday. And I'll keep setting up to blowing her ruckies up. So, I'll wait my test story. Let's not close, but on. They did not chance to have inspectors glance. And the car ran best they were going on. They said, hey no more. No more you can explore. And that's raising an up or less to act upon. I know that won't give to the crates. But it's almost on this Saturday. But I'll keep setting up to blowing her ruckies up. So, I'll wait my test story. Let's not close, but on. 10.02.5.60WQM. Happy Tuesday too because the mad dog coming to Wanda Clock to finish off from Shula's today. Hank will be on a three-notsie. He's got a full-for-hour show today. Look at that. Have he do any work, baby? We'll throw hours for the Humper 3-7 with Patrick Sertain at 5. Shiva's regal, talking hardball with the crow, the show at the 7 o'clock. Then follow the course by game one of the series and I'm in a Saturday. A-L-C-S. Aren't you going to be glued to you radio for that? For what? The baseball game, the underdogs, baby, the angels and the twins. This is a cute line. This fact you just sent me. He's kind of cute. Todd and Sarah Soda asked this a little real for you. Why is aspirin white? Because it works. Anyway, after the baseball game, you guys, that's how much a racist remark to me. Don't be making all racial comments on here, Tom, but a good point. Any K after the baseball game in July, Mark V. What are they now? The overnight guys. We don't want to come to Dirty Boys anymore because it's bad for their image. And it'll get Moses in the planet of a lot of trouble. Two of Mark overnight two to six. And then of course, they'll have a lot of material in that last hour that the mocha news into our morning show. See, we promoted your show to our morning. How do you like that, huh? The old mocho. This morning, he was mo with a no-show on the mocho. Westerners, we poured green purple. FIREDING! Meteor. Residents in Utah, Colorado, and Southern Mommy saw a fireball, which some said at a long tail of green orange and purple flames, that raced across the night sky, they said it was... FIREDING! People said it had a 500 foot tail, and it was huge like a meteor and green and orange. Laplata County, Colorado Sheriff's Dispatcher, Christy Lee said. And we've even noticed that an awful lot of these settings are either in Mexico or they're out there like in the desert, southwest areas. Yeah, I have noticed that. It's a hundred and a half. New Mexico. The Helomacoro. Huh? The wasteland. And of course, Utah, talk about a wasteland. Why, oh, man. Even the... what are they callers? The nutcack is those balls of crap. What are they calling? Tumblr weed. Even the Tumblr weed moved out of Wyoming. The fireball we've seen Sunday night at 730 was probably a meteor burning up in the atmosphere. Said Peter Willenski, meteorologist with the... Nice to have a mother service, Colorado Basin remember for a cast center. He ain't no brand norcross, thank God. No man made objects fell from the space Sunday nights at Major Red Thomas's spokesman for the North American Aerospace Defense Command and Colorado Springs, Colorado would track satellites in space they'd breathe. How did you like that? We track satellites and space they'd breathe. The hope we oughta. We don't have a mission to track meteorites, but that's gotta be what it is, Thomas said, because it was... FUN! He made it! The weather area consolidated and just that said, it would ignore the new tower. We seemed about 50 calls. What some caller saying it looked like a plane that crashed. About 10 officers from three counties responded to the calls to one point circuit for wreckage. Said Weber County Sheriff's Sergeant Jeff Lasseter, a relation to Blombo. The Fireball was spotted in Pimbo, Colorado, about 100 miles south of Denver and in Rollins' Wyoming about 100 miles northwest of Denver. And I'll tell you one thing, if you see anything in Rollins' Wyoming, that's... SILES! You call the authorities right away. What was our reason about the Dictane's Daked Daughter over the weekend? Safer guy missed that story. I'll find it. If she wasn't a news, the... I mean, you know, we don't hear too much from her anymore, you want it a while, because she's... SILES! I figured as long as we got an in-ear-wise one, use it, you know? We don't need that often enough. Speaking of the Supreme Court, these Supreme's who had their held day of the beginning of their meat yesterday, the Dane-Jewis Supreme's. These Supreme Court del Lassas yesterday convicted Oklahoma City bombing conspirator Terry Nichols, an relation to Christy McNichol. What was your brother's name, Jimmy McNichol? Yes. Now, what are you laughing about? They were both big stars for about five minutes. Right. Well, she was a big star for about a half an hour and him for about two minutes. These Supreme Court del Lassas yesterday convicted Oklahoma bomb and conspirator Terry Nichols, no relation to Mickey McNichol, and prison doctor Jack of Orki and former Olympic security guard Richard Jewel, and Frank S. Atopro Jr., what an interesting bunch there? I know. Terry Nichols, Jack of Orki and who had a foot-taring nickels out of his suffering, former Olympic security guard, poor fat Richard Jewel, and Frank S. Atopro Jr., God, give me a break, Junior. Their cases were among more than a thousand that justices refused to consider as they returned to work after a three month break. The court only hears arguments in 80 or so cases each year. Only about 1% of the cases that make it to the high court. And you want to know why they call the Supreme Court the high court? That's probably the reason. It was the fifth time the Supreme Court turned back a challenge from Nichols, who was convicted five years ago of federal conspiracy and voluntary manslaughter in the deaths of eight federal agents. The 1995 bombing of the Alfred P. Muraw Federal Building in Oklahoma City, 168. Nichols serving a lot of sentence was a quit of the most serious charges. Ten of the aiming of the Bay, of course, won't see him no more. We gave him the old needle, Tim McBay. Oh, he'll play sweet. I like play that a long time either, you know what? Oh, I love them. Tim McBay. He's on trial for the beat for the day. Nichols' lawyers arguing that his trial was stated that the government's faded to turn over thousands of documents. They said the government should not be rewarded from his conduct. Nichols still faces state murder charges and could be sentenced to death if he's convicted. And we'll be right there to watch. We'll be right there to stick the old needle in. Kavorky and is also unsuccessfully tried before to get the court involved in the issue of assisted suicide. I wonder if Reeve can get some help from Dr. Jack on guiding light. He's serving a 10 to 25 year prison sentence for the injection death of a man with Lou Girish disease. The 1998 death of Thomas Yoke was videotaped in Shona National TV, who are working called a mercy killing but a jury in Michigan convicted him of secondary murder. Which of course, as we all know is ludicrous and incentivized country like the Netherlands, assisted suicide is a co-chair. As long as somebody Jewish conducting the service. Does it have a good oil? These synoptric case involves profits from the story of the kidnapping of Frank Sinatra's teenage son nearly 40 years ago, who's a real major loser by the way. Frank Sinatra Jr. was stabbed from a lake Tahoe in Nevada hotel 1963, and released on a harm that for his family paid a $240,000 ransom. Three men were arrested and convicted. The younger Sinatra lost a court battle in California over profits from a planned movie about the crime, and asked the high court to step in. The Supreme Court refused to review the constitutionality of a California law intended to prevent converts from profiting from books, movies, and other representations of their crimes. The 1983 law was similar victim's rights laws passed by 40 states and the federal government. The Supreme Court yesterday also declined to review the case of poor Richard Jewel, who argued that he was liable by newspaper, which reported that he was a suspect with a 1996 bombing at Centennial Olympic Park in Atlanta, Georgia court sided with the Atlanta Journal Constitution. How do you like that? And the Supreme Court said, ah, screw you, Richard. Even though they destroyed your life, Jewel found an F-sac that held a bomb that exploded July 27, 1996, killing one woman entering 100-11 people. He went from a heroin assault act, but was later cleared by the justice department, which it seems to me that as laws that should have been upheld, and as grounds because he was innocent, he was not guilty, okay? But don't confuse the Supreme Court rate of the courts with the effects, especially in Georgia. The court also refused to consider a Kentucky school district case over its firing of a fifth grade teacher who invited actor Woody Heraldson to tell her students about the merits of industrial hemp. The court's refusal means they'll be a trial for Donna Cockwell to prove she was wrongly fired. The merits of industrial hemp, yeah, man? Trembed graph, native's claim, little Ohio violated this constitution rights by not listing Mr. Green Party's presidential candidate in 2000, or how it requires candidates and smaller parties to collect signatures of thousands of residents. They state claimed that Nader and running mate, when owner Ladook collected only enough signatures to put him on a valid as independence. Nader running is the candidate for pro environment and corporate green party got 3% of the national vote in 2000 and cost out for the presidency and put us in a spickle that we're in today. Nice going, Ralph. You and your buddy there. You and your buddy, Phil. Hit the road together, baby. Your book jerks. Hit the road jerks. Or attached to the co-weighting military. This I went off the coast of the country. They're trying about that little miss hat they had the Navy Marine Staking part in training exercising co-weight, little contratops there, little bit of a miss hat. And of course you know the way we look at it since human life is as cheap as stack what step on cockroaches and swatting the skaters. It's you know just how we did people. Isn't that basically what a bull's down there. Drop in the bucket. 186 votes and it's changing how much of this more now. Like I said, 193 votes on a survey. Who do you think represents the greatest threat in the world of the day? Born again Christian 63. George W. Bush 54. More Howard David 27. How kind of 19, Iraq 14. Saudi Arabia 9. Iran 4 and Israel's only got 3. Oh, I got that to the Palestinians. Would you vote for it? Uh, I didn't let see who I vote for. Yeah, George W. Bush. I'll go to for board again Christians. I knew that because I saw when we each had one voter piece. So that was good because basically what's the difference? See how come we're not here more about this. Police say Pompidoboy 12 was deliberately gunned down. Are you hearing anything about that? Yeah, they're rumbling about it. Police suspected 12 year old Pompidoboy 12 was deliberately gunned down. I'm murdered after the intended victim fled to safety. This is an ascent. But the BSO said yesterday that homicide detective still don't know what caused the gunmen to go to the house. In the 800 block of Northwest Fifth Avenue in Pompidobo Beach. Jawan D. Shaw on Matthews of Tamarack was standing outside his grandma's home. When he was shot as he played in the driveway on Sunday, Matthews was airlifted to the Browgeneral Medical Center where he was pronounced dead 645 pm. The Sheriff's Office said yesterday detective's believe the gunmen decided to shoot you on after his intended victim saw was happening around the safety. So in other words, he was going to shoot somebody else and at the kid ran away. So you're available. I'll shoot you. You'll do. BSO deputies were dispatched to the home after receiving numerous nine one-one calls about gunshots in the area. The gunmen is believed to have a bin and a dark blue newer model meant to wish he Mirage or KES Sepia with no hubcaps. And the second vehicle possibly involved as an older model 1990's Burgundy for Dorrigal Century. Detectors also want to locate large white fordor model older older model. Shreddy can preach type vehicle with black tag on a front and dark tinted windows. The vehicle which was seen parked outside the home early in the day. The shooting also has a spotlight. Similar to those found on police cars on the driver's side. There you go. And of course, you know, we don't want to overreact any of these stories, do we? No. But the fact is we just don't know. We don't know not. And it'll be on there until you get the investigation continues. We don't know not. But the investigation continues. And it'll give us no long words because we sure don't know how to pronounce them. Combat at the same time for the hour five sixty wqm you want to go to a great Tuesday or speak in the pump and it'll be. This is the place Brandeys where you'll find the largest selects of men's and women's shoes. The best service in town and the best prices in the universe period is as simple as that. And we're not talking about some off-brands at Brandeys. We're talking about top quality shoe names. The ones you know and love. Rockport's, SAS, Spirory, Timberland Naturalizer and lots more. And of course, no matter how big or teeny tiny your feet may be, you can just about bed Georgia's life on it that they got the shoes you're looking for in your size. In stock are ready to stick on right now. And Brandeys is open daily nine to nine Sundays, 10 to five you'll find them at 12. 90. North federal highway and Pompano Beach. They are unbeatable and don't forget all this week. Coming, it's still going on this week because I've got no new information from our good bald head friend. I don't think did we? Did we get a new tag? Nope. All this week at Brandeys is a huge SAS sale. I think big savings and SAS shoes. The more period you buy, the more you save. And if that's wrong, if it was only last week, playing it on Troy when you go into Brandeys shoes and Pompano Beach. My life and love. This is for 23.05. In the way of saying, yeah. I'm buying all the hair out in this place. I see a lot of gas. I hope that the a lot of folks take a medicine but don't fight gas. Wow, this night quill knocks me out. I saw that gas. This gas deck has the most powerful medicine to really gasp. Oh, not as fast as I thought. No, no, no, no, no. That's 17 at 5.60. I'm going to come this fast. You just send me from Eddie. Is it up to make my stomach turn? Think it's serious. Oh yeah. I remember the military and the veteran of the Gulf. I'll show you I support the proud. I assure you that I support the president. Hey, any maybe we can get a package. You'll send you and Captain Moose to a linguistic school, kind of linguistic school together. I fellow soldiers, including myself are waiting for the word to go. This issue of her magnitude of in settling 11 years ago. Also those idiots like Jim and Kermiton said in a birch. Have we put out the pasture and danchal shot? Love your show, Neil. Any, Semper Fidelas. See you're not supposed to say Semper Fidelas. You're supposed to say if it was a real marina say Semper Faye. You don't say the whole word, right? Right. A real outstanding marina says, Semper Faye. But any ready? That's a good thing that you support the president because he needs a lot of good goose stepping learnings just like you. To carry out his good deeds. Speaking of good deeds, 14 Palestinians killed, 110 wounded in Israeli rate of Gaza town, one of the most nauseating stories to come down the pike in a very long time. Conunis Gaza Strip. Israeli troops rating this town with tanks and helicopters killed 14 Palestinians early yesterday, including 10, who died when a missile sland into a large crowd. Palestinian officials said all the dead were civilians while the Israeli army said most were armed men killed in battle. About 110 Palestinians were wounded in the 4-hour, rating including 25 were in critical condition doctors said, Most suffered trapezole wounds in the head chest and abdomen, the dead ranged in age from 14 to 52. Israeli troops fired machine guns in assault rifles at a communist hospital, where most of the wounded were taken killing one man in three people. The military said the shots were fired response to mortar fire, and witnesses said they heard two explosions before the shooting began. Palestinians and Nazis really strike the deadliest since July as a massacre, and call for protection. The Islamic militant group Hamas threatened revenge Israeli officials said, Palestinian militants were responsible for the casualties because they took cover amongst civilians. The military said Communists is a Hamas stronghold, and that during the raid troops arrested a wanted man carrying a homemade explosive device. However, there is no indication of a particular target as impregnistripes against the wanted militants that also fem civilian casualties. The Israeli military said the missile was aimed at a group of armed men who were attacking soldiers with guns and grenades, the missile was fired toward the end of the raid. We saw an obdine 29 said his troops withdrew residents emerge from their homes to inspect the damage, and check on the fader friends and relatives, obdine said there were no gun in an crowd. However, another witness, while lead Sabah 44 said gunmen were among those gathering in a street but didn't shoot at the time, Sabah said he was in the crowd with a 17-year-old son Abdullah, who was killed in an assault strike. Obdine said as the troops withdrew he heard the sound of helicopters, two minutes later I heard the sound of something coming from the ear and I saw the flames, then a big explosion blew me about 10 yards away as he said, and Vien was hit by Shrapnel in his arm. Another reason, obdine high shore 24 said he was emerging from his apartment when he heard the explosion, people were bleeding many of them lying on the ground, women were screaming in blood cover to ground. Brigadier General Israel Zifth, the Israeli Army Commander in the area said troops met heavy resistance from Palestinian gunmen, he said that his troops withdrew many armed men gathered in the streets. They fired a lot in through grenades that was a battle there as if said the helicopter aimed at his armed group in Hitton. Zifth said the battle was filmed from a pilotless plane, the army hasn't yet decided on an associated press request to see that footage. Israel's deputy defense minister, Whiteman, Sherri, said he was serves civilians were heard, but what can we do, Sherri told Israeli Army radio, it's war. Havir Solana, the European Union's foreign policy chief, who was visiting the region, said he was shocked by the number of casualties. I think it's even more dramatic because of the efforts that the Palestinian people were making in order to get out of the way of violence in recent weeks. Later Monday Israeli troops fired into an answer hospital in Communists, where hundreds of people had gathered learned about the fate of loved ones. Among the wounded were 14-year-old boyhead in the chest in neck and a permit-extruck in the chest. One bullet nearly missed a reporter was hidden a shoe by a small bullet fragment. The dead, Wrath in Palestinian flags were taken from the hospital on stretchers, carried by gunmen who fired in the air to shout of revenge revenge, both Hamas and Palestinian leader. Here, Yasir Amafar's Fatak movement threatened revenge. He'll make the Zionist enemy swallowed a bitter drink very soon, a mashed Fatak activist armed with a machine gun and grenade stuffed into a belt pulled mourners. Pieces in our hand, baby. Speaking of crazy people, I don't want to see these crazy, but he's a dangerous. You're in love with this article, Dr. Fils, a shameless rip off artist. You're from the old. You've got the new tabloids, it's Tuesday, tabloid, baby. I think that's what's feature on a show in a Wednesday we do that noon to one hour, right? With all bits, I think tabloid Tuesday would be good. Only problem being, now here I have no problem because the tabloids, the new ones come out over the weekend here. In the fact that they're all printed in Lantan, I'm assuming that if I go like to a real place like borders, I can get the new tabloids because they seem to be dreadful. I don't know. I'm talking about when I come back down there. I hope that I can get my tabloids in time for tabloid Tuesday because I want to be a bit of a little crap. And while crap could look in the big bookstores for up to date magazines, they leave ancient magazines on the shelves there. Oh, maybe we'll find that ancient Chinese secret, Bob's news, baby, and Fort Loderdale. I'm not going to Bob's news, I'm going right over to my board as Nagyron T. Or I'll just go over to publics, they got them. And if I don't find them there, I'll go to Walgreens and mostly I'll have them put them aside for me. And if I don't find them there, I'll just go right up behind Walgreens and the new pizza log. And have lunch, lunch and dinner. You've been in the new pizza log yet? Well, why not? I thought the beaten pie. The other one that's right for you, it's very far away. Dr. Phil's a shameless rip off artist as the globe. He left Kansas one step ahead of the law. What would open a thing, question mark? Dr. Phil McGraw is a brazen scam artist who skippedown one step ahead of the state attorney general probe into a shady business practice as sources charge. The towering TV advice guru left a bigger Kansas in the wake of a flood of complaints charging that he ripped off health spot customers and left banks high and dry in the early 70s. This was a consumer fraud investigation says Emery Gold, who worked on the cases lead investigated with the attorney general's office in Tupica. It appeared that McGraw was pulling off a textbook example of a membership scam. But I wouldn't refer to the Spos customers as members, Gold tells the globe an exclusive interview. I'd call them victims, he said. A graph 52, who catapulted the fame on Oprah and eyes his own, smashed, syndicated show, opened the Greeceian Health spot to pick in 1971. He was just a couple years later after he left university a Tulsa following his freshman year. Let me say it again. It was just a couple years after he left university a Tulsa following his freshman year. I don't think I read that right. Phil was a real hands-on owner, it charges a formal pal, and that extended to his accounting practices. If a customer signed up and cashed, Phil would sometimes deposit it straight into his pocket. The ex pal adds that Phil was the president of the corporation and his friend Bob Heinsheimer, the vice president, but they also were salesmen. They could really be overbearing, especially Phil says the friend, he take potential clients mostly female, and he was office and sometimes closed the door, sometimes the woman came out crying. It also seemed weird that Phil kept a mattress in his office at one point, I don't think anybody dared venture a guess what that was all about. That was a graph. The graph now preaches that people should take responsibility for the actions apparently hasn't followed his own advice. His intimidating tactics help rack up memberships along with a slow complaint about the business, claim sources. Tim Losey tells how his 18 year old wife was pressured in his signing a contract in November 72 while he was off in the army. When I got back, I told him I was canceling the contract, Losey says, soon after we started getting harassing phone calls threatening all kinds of legal action instays. In February of 73, Dwight Eels filed a complaint claiming that he was hoodwinked by the Greeceinel Spa after being told he could try it out for a few weeks for free. He started receiving bills in the mail. I called the owner he angley claimed by its sign to contract and he threatened me by singing what he would have an attorney used. All means possible to get the money Eels tells the globe. I swear to God, I never signed a single piece of paper during any time I spent at the spa. I called the attorney general's office, they said I was far from alone and complaining about the Greeceinel Spa. But McGraw was doing far more than. Using hard sales pictures on prospective customers, Shawney County District Court papers obtained by Globerville and McGraw on the local Southwest State Bank had entered into an agreement that allowed in the bank to purchase installment notes in paper from a garage operation. The type of agreement allowed a spa owner like McGraw to sell the membership contract to the bank for a percentage of their long-term worth in cash, then if he shut down the members would be liable for contract payments to weigh non-existent spa. Although the practice was strictly legal and Kansas at the time it's instant outlawed, it nutshell anyone could open a spa, soaked the town and then move on explains, the members would have to keep paying even though the spa was shut down. And it appears that's exactly what McGraw did. Court documents revealed that he closed the Greeceinel's spa in September 73, barely two years after opening it and the immediate left to pick up for Texas. Field was basically run out of tapicas, brother ex brother and I, and Globerville confirmed to the globe, he pretty much left in the middle of the night one step out of the authorities. Leed investigator go to answer that the attorney general's office was also looking to something called Chain referral selling where a spa tells prospective customers they get a discount on the membership of the convince somebody else to join. This was a specific fraud and prohibited business practice in Kansas, Goats said. After closing the spa, McGraw became the focus of at least three district court lawsuits by Tateka Banks, which claimed he owed the money. All three managed to have summons served on him to know a veil in which the top falls Texas, where he'd moved in with his father Joe. It was probably by design he went back to Texas, Goats said, Texas was one of only two states in union that didn't recognize out of state judgments. That's why the attorney general's office never brought big-lash against McGraw. It would have been useless once he hired a tailed to Texas. Eventually one of the three lawsuits was dropped on a technicality, but the two other banks won judgments against McGraw for three grand and thirty-two hundred bucks. An Oprah show source doesn't believe the woman who helped her family grow to fame knows anything about his past. I bet it's something he kept from her and insider tells the globe, and Lois Burtis senior legal assistant would they to pick a law firm that represented one of the banks ads. Now there's no McGraw such a huge success. He oughta come back to the peak and pay all the people he ripped off. Kind of like Larry King, you know what I'm saying? Kind of like Larry King, is he coming back? Is he paying anybody any money? All the people he ripped off in Miami? No! No! And there would Dr. Phil. And of course this is only on the heels of those two juicy stories that weren't about lesbians, by the way juicy stories that Dr. Phil and his women that we had last week. And look, this is for trivial by Jimmy. You wait anyway. Florida State sucks! This fall on the television changes forever. His teleth like it is style has already impacted millions of Americans. His appearances on Oprah have propelled him into the national line light. Get ready for a Dr. Phil. Well Phil, we've made 20 units. No cry! I'm not crying. Look at me when you talk. I'm looking at my actions. See your problem is you're stupid. No he's made me my husband and I'm big butt doing your stupid. Why are you crying? You see I don't have any sympathy for you. You're listening to me about her hearing me. We have an ex-sex in my tongue. I don't want to have sex with you either. Look at the canon. Dr. Phil. You know the problem seems to be I come home. I want to watch TV. Why don't you tell me about her? Well I'm not trying to tell you. She comes into the room. Tell me what she does. Tell me what you do. I sit in the chair and I have the TV on. You come to busy watching TV is your meal. That's what men want to do. We just want to watch TV. You can't do it. I want to do it. And we can't do it. See your problem is you're dumb. You're a dumb watching TV. It's usually. I said you're a dumb. Don't mind ball me like that. I'm trying to help you. You're on my show. You don't have your own show. Do you? You need some of this. Oh, my face. Don't get it. Oh, to push Dr. Phil. See Dr. Phil. He just said. Now why are you talking so quiet? You see? Already I can tell that you're a push-o. But he just doesn't know. Tell me what he does. I just don't understand. I want some of this for you too. Some of this. Dr. Phil. He's a big-o-master. Now, some more. Some love for you too. 1032 at 5. 560 WQAM. And how about that Jonathan Edwards? How he's doing it. Oh. See, I still get so I rate when I think about Paul Misclio. And I've granted the attack on some extra phone bill stuff on air. But hey, that's part of the game. I got to make a few bucks. But the idea that they went after Misclio with such enthusiasm and with such vigour. And in the meantime, figures like Jonathan Edwards with this crossing overbow the Krap and all these telepangilists and all of this guy and his doctor Phil Faker. Hey, that's great TV, baby. And it's just like the informational thing, which of course Carlos is very big and do. We have quite a likely conversation about it in Formrals before to show this morning for about 30 seconds. Now, I would say 95% of that stuff is Krap. Oh, don't tell me my cable this went out. Oh, my damn Rogers cable. Just went out here. It'll be back moment here there. It is. Oh, thank goodness. Because I'm present and taste-speaking. Do you understand? That's important for this state. Yeah, it's important for this country, but you don't get it. W, you don't get it. It's all my shit and budget because it sounds like something to do with the economy. We don't want to talk about that right now, do we? No, no. Especially the green arrows around here. The dials up a few points and adds that up a few. We'll see how long that lasts until he's done talking. I see. What's that? That always seems to happen every day. It's either hammer or old green spang. You know, one of the other is on air and every time it looks like a little bit of green is coming back in. They're all of a sudden you can watch a dropping like a gigantic rock. Officials didn't heed warnings. Exilection trainer says on radio. This is from the hero today. So there's a chance it could be accurate. The woman responsible for training pull workers for the September 10th primary. As she repeatedly warned by me, Dave Counties. Top election officials. There'd be problems, but they didn't listen. Leonardo Rebe, who was fired last week, took to Spanish language radio to attack her bosses. The election supervisor David Leahy and deputy supervisor Jicella Salas. Rebe said that a permanent resisted change and she predicted voters would face bigger problems. I know, remember a fifth. I can't imagine that. Can you? No, bigger? Dave Mayer, Alex Pinga Picania, questioned to Rebe's motives. He said she had not mentioned any of those concerns when he met with her after a protest by some trainers over her dismissal. Why is she saying that Saturday on the radio, which she's not saying it with me, he says? Among Rebe's allegations, Salas and Leahy were responsible for the failure of the September 10th election. During a weekend interview, she said, they knew what was going on, and if they didn't know, I was constantly reminding them almost daily. Trainers sometimes like proper equipment materials to prepare for their classes before last week's municipal elections, which he complained election officials insisted she direct them to these sessions anyway. After she questioned that idea, Salas ordered her to go home and later she was fired for leaving work. The elections department made pitches and Spanish recruit elderly Hispanics who spoke a little English. Despite a state law that requires pull workers be proficient in that language, I think I know our audience. I think I better read that very short sentence again. Okay, because it's going to make their talk about pointing, sprays north through a line. It's going to make their blood boil. They're going to be pissed off and fired up. And what can you say about this? Because it's so typical. It's so typical. It goes on and that why nobody in the right mind wants to live there unless they're forced to be there. You know, I'm saying Carlos, only in the banana republic, baby. Only in Miami. The elections department made pitches in Spanish to recruit elderly Hispanics who spoke a little English despite a state law that requires pull workers be proficient in that language. And of course, wouldn't it be great to have a whole bunch of old Julios in there working in the polling places? The person in charge of pull worker recruitment consistently filled classes well beyond department limits despite protest by trainers under department guidelines classes. We're not to have more than 20 people. It's a tactic to throw you out on the field. You may recently told the hero when they say just have them do what that impacts the county. You may take similar complaints to Spanish language radio station La Potorosa, which on Monday we broadcast your allegations. She also spoke on gospel station WMBM with the anxious Bishop Victor T. Curie about what you consider to be on per treatment of pull workers. But that professional spots are Victor Curie. Who don't like to show by the way? Too bad Victor, we're doing pretty damn good. Okay, so blow it out your ass and go have some watermelon. Some of her rebates concerns mirror those content and report by county inspector general Chris Maysel. It concluded that county and lesions department officials did not do enough planning and organizing, even after being repeatedly notified about the efficiencies. The report also for a false report, pull trainer working in experienced level of some of the 50 people hired as trainers. Lehi fired rebates last week saying she abandoned her training duties while the department was preparing for the October 1 municipal elections in North Miami and Palmetto Bay. Lehi was working on today's Miami election did not return calls but Salacetly department did not have difficulties in getting election systems in software. The manufacturer the Ivo Tronic touch miscarriage screen machines to assist in the training. But I believe we've overcome these difficulties Salacet. At this point, Ms. Yerebe is out in the community unnecessarily giving the parents a friction and lack of cooperation among the administrative staff in particular. Think of Piccania also city received emails from elections employees upset with the U.S. broadcast comments. The mayor said he suspected her appearance on La Potorosa's part of a campaign by opponents of the county's human rights ordinance who repeatedly criticized elections department. He suggested that the criticism was designed to galvanize the porter's belongs in petition drive to get another initiative on a ballot. They're identifying elections because they're trying to build a new case for new elections he said. I can't imagine him doing that on Spanish language radio. Can you? No. That would be bad. Can't believe that for a second. How's that pull coming? Who do you think is represents the greatest threat to the world today? We got 269 votes. Born again Christian's 85. George W. 74. Mohour David 35. I tell you one thing he represents the greatest threat to a lot of people who are working QAM. Mohour David, maybe not to the world at large. But boy, all you got to do is look at him cross side or even suggest that you might like me, George or Carlos or anybody associated with our show. And you're out. Don't come back in here. Don't put him on the air. Get him off the air. Let him do the updates. But don't let the beast down here again. Shut up his microphone right now. And I'll go back to bed. Not. How about she's listening to right now on his day off mode? Don't you think? No. Of course not. He pretends he don't listen to the show. Wait till he finds out that we actually got his birthday. I'm talking about not just June 3 but the year. That's coming up a little later on. Let's see. I'll go back to this. Boarding in Christians 88 George W. Bush 76. Mohour David 35 a week third. Al Qaeda 29. Iraq 24 Saudi Arabia 13 Israel 6 and Iran 6. Of course when you add the you've got to divide a thing there with the air of fanatical air infections. So if you add like Al Qaeda in Iran in 53 and the Saudi Arabia 65 71. Do you understand? Yes. So they'd be right up there. But we kind of did we did up. Do we blame up spread it all the way around? We got the mad dog come out of a lot of clock from Shula State to headgober get three or four hour show today. Maybe hope you take your right. Means this one. Poor Polar is three to seven with Patrick's or 10 five to six. Superb by off an easy hour there and ice going on. Shiva's regal talking hardball with a crow and you'd better drink a lot of that stuff before you listen to that hour seven to eight fifteen hour and a quarter. Eight fifteen to eleven o'clock or whatever the game is over. You got the ALCS. You got the rest of your country championship series game one between the anti-majjels and the Minnesota twins. They contract it Minnesota twins. Each your heart out but like you idiot you asshole. Anycatheter to baseball game Joanne Mark overnight. Five. Local. This is five sixty. Three. Two. Two. Two. Hang this up baby. Online casino radio five sixty. W. You. You. And presents captain more than you. The ratings for the sports format were so bad. We had to start paying the sponsors. And when the only three listeners we have has to get paid for listening. Well, we thought we'd get this a drive. Hello boys and girls. This is your old baby captain captain Vena Roe. We got to your full bucket on mothin a marimant over here. Uh, this thing. I want not be doing this poison girls. How is a big star at one time seeing? But I gotta tell you kids. We're gonna paradise ain't cheap. I need the check and the stand. Alright. Let's see if we got over here. Got some great paper. We'll finger us up out for door. One in captain. What do you want, Grigings? Let me all. Aren't you gonna say good morning to our friends? They're right. Morning moths. They call you mothin. There's our big home better moths. We're glad they're here at the man dingle man. You'll be fishing now and I'll pipe down town. You willies are all right by me. Got a good, strong loin from a proper breed. I just don't know what you'd do to see. That's what you're stupid at it. Ta-da! Now we're gonna make something out of this great paper. You understand? You'll pay me later. I'll pull a link so I can just add my pants. Okay? You don't pay me? Right now. Here's the paper. I'm gonna teach you one Grigings. I'll take two. Yeah. So let's just take a. It's a joke, you moron. I'll take one for me. I'm ready for you Mr. Ribbus. Little Hultim. Ten. Ten sheets of paper. Look at this black ass monkey over here. You watch ten sheets. Ten sheets of paper. Well, I got no say you pal. Paper don't come cheap and dump it so. What you with a simple barge, go to cook your famous room. Come out here Grigings. Dad! Hey, Grigings. Where's your Grigings? Around my ankles. Where we want yours to be. Who the damn Grigings? Well, no. Not a gun. It's for the floor. Oh, no. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. I've got five, six to you WQM. In line with that last story that we had about Spanish language radio. Yes. And about all those Spanish. I can't just see those people up the appole. You know, old Jewish women and old Spanish women working arm and armhandedly. Not Spanish TV station where next week. Just what we needed was another Spanish language station in South Florida boys and girls. It is coming. Like it or not. The first locally based fully Spanish language TV station in Palm Beach County and the treasure coast is expected to sign on the year next week. Excited? Hey, Karebler. Throw up. WWHBO. I like the way that sounded there. It was a little kind of time tunnel. That was beautiful. A reverb grips. WWHB channel 43 will operate out of Stewart. There's an Edna Market for this TV station said WWHB owner, Bill Brothers. We'll continue to own an opera 10 year old WTCN channel 14. I do like his sewing machines though. Brothers. Clannus Penero, president of a 100 member Spanish American club of the treasure coast, since he was happy to hear about the new station. There are so many moving here every kind of go to public say here more people talking Spanish. Oh, this is what everybody has so far to just need to hear. Okay? The 2000 census specified 12.4% of Palm Beach County's 1.1 million residents as as Hispanic. His Spanish number 32,620 in Martin St. loosely in Indian River Counties. WWHB is expected to reach by antenna 85% of local TV market which includes an area stretching from Sebastian inlet to Boko Raton and Okatsubi County. Brothers said his Spanish language outlet is not considered a must carry in there for will not be offered on local cable systems at least not in the beginning. He said he purchased the station from WHQTB 19 Inc. Terms were not released. Channel 19, which has been off the air for about a year, was forced to move to Channel 43 to avoid interference with the digital signal of Miami's WDB. It says BZL but it's DZL isn't. Yes, the total 39. DZL. Yeah. Well, I got it out. This is in a sudden sentence so it's another mistake. That station will operate on Channel 19 in Dave County. The broadcaste who said landing license took years had Channel 43's antenna will be situated in a thousand foot tower and a hope sound. We should reach from Boko to Southern Indian River County set of his new station, which doesn't have a specific on your day yet, but it's common baby. It's common. We wish him well said Greg White on or four pierces. WIRAAM 1400 radio. We've had very good luck with this Hispanic programming. Lied City hopes brothers will have to localise. How do you like that? They got a Spanish language radio station in Fort Pierce. And no idea. Lake Worth based radio FESTA AM-1380 provides Spanish language news and plays RANCERA music, popular in Mexico and Central America. What the hell is RANCERA music? I thought that was a salad dressing. Mexican music. It's for the tomato pickers. Lackooka watch, you mean? Right. Maru. So that hochi kochi like some at Luis Miguel stuff. They're hochi kochi stuff he did. That big hat music. I see. And then, like that. Yeah, there you go. Would a lot of the maracas. Stuff like that. Well, here's a good article by Howard Goodman. In a son-son, they hopefully there won't be any mistakes in this one. Because the son-son will don't make them mistakes. Just ask a little bald head of Tommy Jika, who's got his 50th column of the week in And so only Tuesday. Pregnidist or pandering, the private side of Bush, and we're talking about Governor Jeb here, writes Howard Goodman, and today's son-son. It's the month until election day and candidates are vying for your vote by swadding themselves in a kindest, gentless images that advertising can buy. I haven't seen so much enduring footage since Vambi. Here is representative Clay Sharwood smiling senior citizens. Here's Democratic Governor Terrell candidate Bill McBride, air-boating in An Emberlays, bathed in sunset amber. Here's his opponent, Governor Jeb Bush, and circle by happy school children. And the hands of the admen, each of these guys, the lowest-like accommodation of Albert Schweitzer and Santa Claus. But every once in a while, will you get a glimpse behind the curtain. Such a moment occurred last week when Governor Bush and entertained a delegation of Panhandle legislators by giving some juicy details about the FECKless Caretakers of William Wilson, the 60-world whose disappearance is given floor to get another Black Eye. All right, that was just a matter of speech, wasn't it right? The girl's guardians, Pamela and Gerald and Graham were rested Wednesday and allegations they'd illegally collected $14,000 in public assistance checks. Bush told the legislators the news, then he added the implication that the women are Lesbians. Bush said, as Pamela Graham was being arrested, she told her co-workers, Tell my wife, I've been arrested. The wife is the grandmother of the Andes, the husband. He made quotation marks with his fingers around grandmother. But you don't get that in Pensacola, Bush told the legislators. A reporter from the Pensacola news journal, Tate the Governor's remarks. She also caught him outlining his devious plans for subverting the class-sized meminator voters approved by putting senior citizens and children against each other in a budget battle. Criticize Bush the next day said he thought about, he thought the gathering was private, didn't know reporter was listening. He said he was only kidding about, VVS plans and didn't mean any disrespect to Lesbians. No, or hibring it up. What possible relevance does a surmise about the women's sexual orientation have to do with the tragedy of a missing little girl for which a state agency bears a good share responsibility? If Bush's idea was to deflect blame under the caretakers, he didn't need to embellish with a nugget to tinnate the robes. Gerald and Graham's record of arrest in 40 aliases speaks volumes enough about her character. I can think of two possible explanations. Either the unvarnished Bush really is as smartly in homophobic as his unscripted remarks suggest or is following a Bush family tradition. Remember when Poppy boasted that he kicked a little ass after debating Geraldine for all? He's acting the good old boy when he thinks that's what his audience wants to hear. Take your pick the Governor's either prejudice or he's pandering. Nadine Smith executive director of equality floor to perhaps the state's largest game lesbian advocacy group says the Bush captured on tape is the Bush he knows. He's been at best indifferent and it was openly hostile on game lesbian issues. Smith said he's declined ever and even meet with a group which reports 50,000 members. Smith said Bush brushed off one request for meeting with an email saying, I'm not in favor of its thinning special rights to the game lesbian community. He added that he's opposed to game lesbian marriages and adoptions and frowns on benefits to domestic partners. But these issues aren't about special rights to a matter of acknowledging basic human rights to people not deny them. Besides, you don't have to be gay or lesbian to be offended that Florida's chief executive thinks it's okay to make snickering remarks that what's out ignorant from a 12 year old. Jimmy should apologize and seeing as how you're not so great without a script here's a little help. Just say I should have made the comment. I'm sorry. Right Howard goodman today son, son, how do you like that? Go Howard. But he ain't going to do it because we know he's a bigoted piece of right wing abort again, okay. Follows that same old party line and of course in an interesting that uses that same term about special rights sounds just like what those right wing specs were used in a day county to try to overturn the gay rights ordinance. Right. That's the speel special rights not equal rights. Right. Same old hired ultra right wing agenda that we've been here now for 15 years and more. Area and a Huffington rights. The Iraq question nobody's asking no one in the Bush administration talking about how many of our soldiers of be sent home and body bags. She says sitting on a desk somewhere in the Pentagon as a computer put out listing project American casualties for a range of Iraq invasion scenarios. Unfortunately these vital figures are the only numbers that haven't been part of the war debate. We've heard all kinds of estimates about how much the war's been across including area flashes ultra macho bolt to Sodom's head discount special. How many troops will be deployed? How much the price of oil may go up? And the over under at how long our forces will have to remain in Iraq? We've been given head cons of Iraq's fractures, curds and sheights, reference numbers for security council resolutions defined and been frequently reminded that Sodom is remained in power for 34 years. 11 of them since the last time we tried to send him in his mustache packing. But no one in the Bush administration is talking about how many of our soldiers will be sent home and body bags. And out of single report we stood up at a press conference. One of the president's countless fundraising appearance in asked Mr. President how many Americans are going to die. Will the deaths number in the hundreds is was the case in desert storm and as would be again if Sodom collapsed like a cheap umbrella or will they be close into the 10 to 50,000 some experts have predicted and is Sodom the clear and present danger that would justify asking our sons and daughters to give up their lives for their country. The question of casualties is all the more important given the way to touch to pull showing that over 70% of American support and invasion of Iraq. This purported grounds for the public opinion is being dropped like an old fashioned dumb bomb to kill the son on both sides of the political aisle. Let's head aside for a moment he ludicrousness of basing our national security policy on the hip responses of a person who has been interrupted in the middle of dinner or a soapy shower helping kids with their homework and asked by a poster do you support the president's policy on Iraq? The fact is the number of Americans in favor of going to war with the rack plummet down to only 39% of the ladies's rugby pool when the prospect of thousands of American casualties is added to the question. And such a bloody outcome is very likely given the kind of urban warfare it's going to take to us Sodom. Forget about the caves of Torabora or the open desert take walk of the last Gulf war. Bag that is a densely populated city of four million people roughly the same size as Los Angeles. Picture our troops having to battle their way down Hollywood Boulevard and search of a lone madman. We have to be prepared to fight block by block and bag that's his cent-ageneral Joseph Horr the former commander in chief of the military central command. All our advantages of command and control technology mobility. All of these things are in part given up and you're working with corpus and sergeants in young men fighting street to street. It looks like the last 15 minutes of saving private Ryan or every frame of black Hawk down. The high number of casualties that would result from gaining control of a heavily defended bag dead is the main reason colon pal Norman Schwartz caught in the president's father pulled up short of the capital city last time we took on Sodom. And remember that Sodom is a master that ruthless strategy of defense known as the human shield. Even the smartest bombs will not be able to discern between Republican guardsmen and Iraqi children. That will be the dangerous business of army Rangers Marine Expeditionary units and other special forces. And unlike the Gulf War which is primarily about the liberation of Kuwait, this war is about the elimination of Sodom. We've heard again and again that this ruthless desk will do anything no matter how reckless or costly it will preserve his own regime. And we also know that he's been a massing stockpiles of biological and chemical weapons. Hittiest high body kind instruments to stay in by the civilized world. You don't have to be George Tenet to connect these dots. Sodom will use whatever weapons he can and the impending fight to the finish. If he's going down he's taking as many of us with him as he can. But likely it is very good that it could use weapons of mass destruction. General John, shallocash leavey former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Stample, the son of our services committee in September. It could get very messy. The casualties in my judgment could be very high he said. We're told by the proponents of invading your rackets of bold step, necessary to prevent future casualties. In order to make it informed decision on the wars shouldn't the people be told, how many present casualties will have to suffer in order to avoid these future ones. Ask Aryan a Huffington in today's salon.com. You go girl, 1056 and 560 QAN. You're sports radio, 560. You A-A. Roger's got. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the after-do. It makes me feel alright. I'm up to John, the time I'm free. I'm up to John before I come to John. I hope to join the day and I thought to go. Oh my day, he wants to meet you. He's not looking back. From my mind, he wants to meet you. He's too busy as you can. He's been one day. I met him. I gave him me and said, you heard. He's hot with good and hot with fine. But first take care of him. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. alcanz? next We hope to join the fight.łd on 난 I hope to join the fight. I hope to join the fight. Oh, I think it'd be a clue. A kill, McColl. Oh, Jay. Does that narrow down for us just a little bit? A little bit. Hey, we're going into that. We have to correct ourselves. At least I... What? What do we do wrong? On WDZL change to WBZL when they join with the WB. Get it? So what is the... I see. I guess what? You know something? What? It goes to show you how lucky sometimes we are. If you wouldn't have mentioned that, I forgot because the days in the weeks are just flying balls. I'd like to put him in a little trick on me. Think about it. Big night tonight Tuesday it's the Smallville baby. Day 2 Small when you got a size 14 shoe I'll pay to that on the small bill on the WB. So we loved WBZL because the WB. So SunSendl didn't make that mistake. I'm sure I could find many others if I tried. But why bother, okay? And? Yes. There's more? Well, unrelated, but you were talking about the Jetcommon earlier. For those who want to hear the actual tape. Yes. WWWWWWWWW. MediaHorsonLine.com and it sounds like this. That's the case. Then maybe we can find a way to create a policy mechanism to make that happen. The decision to have is not just... That would be too much. I think it's not just... It's like the worst. That would actually be one problem. It would probably check the row or two. Yeah. We have a big deadline. We should have done that for the big deadline. That's it. And I would say that one piece is like a paper. We'd be grinding up the range. So we asked both times. Yeah. That's a lot of time. That's a lot of time. You have a great place that would concrete. Well, we're just saying that we're going to go out one third. Come on. Well, you're... You're... Or we're going to have to cut mercy. And you've got to go to a big sum. The big place is getting... There's a good background on that. So... Yeah. I've got a couple of EV's plans. They're just expanses. That... You know, light. I might want to consider having a full... I don't know how to look at it. With a full... You have a full monsoon, you know, full... It's not monsoon. Posses and Bellmets. So that consumer's from the quarters will have... at the full private location. That's including, you know, which council do I... In which programs you give it all for it. You want it? Yeah. And that's it. That was it. Pretty weak. I didn't hear the part we talked about the details of the EV's plans about setting the other people against. Ah? That was towards the end there. I got a couple of EV's plans that... No, but he didn't... He didn't finish it. No, not any right there was, uh... And it didn't sound at any point in that part of it that he was joking. No? So that sounds like joking to you? No, he was... Can't know what's sharing. He was dead serious because he was... So I thought he was speaking only to a group of his own. Of his own right wing, bigoted in the end of the... Fony Bible-totent assholes like him. That's what he thought he was talking to. And then all of a sudden, we got a Pensacola report. And... Oh, it was just a joke. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. You know, this all reminds me of that asshole that color. I just... It's a call that sticks in my mind even more so than how do I attack the buffet at the Emerald Coast. The... The punk that called like back after the election two years ago. The party I made reference to him many, many times, uh... He couldn't vote for Gore because he couldn't relate to the people who voted for him. And I said, well, let's go back to time. And now here we are two years later, now that this board again feeding friends, he is out of the closet. And I just am curious, can he relate to these people? The nose pickers devoted for W. Of course. And the same bigoted nose pickers that are involved for his brother and four weeks. A courtary said. Very very sad because if you're a fanatical board again, even jellicle nutcase, then by all means, uh, you should embrace both of them. You should put your arms around the bushes. But other than that, I can't imagine anybody wanting to be a party to any of this. Nevertheless, that's just, you know, my own personal opinion. That kid that 13 year old kid is still in critical that stable condition in Merlin. I just mentioned that in passing. And I still don't know what damn thing about it about the sniper. They know nothing. Zepady do die, you know? No. Nothing. Now, can I get back to O.J. because that was it? No, no, no, I can't wait. Josie Lambe, remember, we're speaking of the Sun-Central. Our good-plus personal friend actually, Norm Kent's close personal friend. That Norm used to call in and spew a lot of stuff through that. I didn't want him to be a newspaper and because Norm has got to loose. I thought that was supposed to have been taken care of. Because Norm just can't control himself. But in any rate, because Norm wants to look like a big superstar. And all I can think of is like a radio agent, which he's not. How's your contract coming by the way? Huh? Now, sure stuff, I thought that was supposed to have been taken care of. I mean, I'm not called being Friday and they were taking my temperature and they said, if they don't over, we're going to stick the thermometer in your room. And you know, everything was supposed to be moving ahead full speed ahead. I ain't heard that. Well, we better start hearing something for you then. Good and the next couple of days. I'll tell you that because today's the 8th of October and the deadline that was put in a plaster of Paris was like a October 10th, I believe. I miss Kent. So a Greg Reid better get off his high horse and off his ass in there and get with it. Okay, instead of listening to a bunch of stupid ball games, he better get with it. Take the jack strap off put some real underwear on because people are starting to talk and get on the phone. We turn people, and I may be he already has, I don't know. I just mentioned this all in passing. Just to try to goose him along. OJ wants to be the next Simon Cowell but produces them to take a hike. Right's Josie Lambreed in the star confidential. In this week's star, I'm a Paul Jesus said to gloom, it's in the star. Disgraced football great OJ Simpson, desperately wanted to become a Simon Cowell style judge on a new reality TV show, but he flew into a rage when producers told him thanks but no thanks. I'm OJ Simpson, he raged to a producer of Final Cut, a show that wants to be the to the art of acting what Meney Judge Cowell's American idol is to music. A repressence and then the alleged double murderer or himself, approached Final Cut's makers in Vancouver, British Columbia, the big for a job as a judge, but when he was turned down, Simpson let loose a rambling monologue about his fame. I'm famous nobody puts me off what? A rambling monologue. A rambling monologue. I am famous nobody puts me off like that Simpson said court of the source. The idea of having the juice on is an attention grabber to say at least, the final cut pits want to be actors against each other until it catches a symbol for a sitcom, to weed out the countless week after week the company's looking for celebrity judges, and the same vein as idols, cowell, and Paula Abdul. The production company TV stars is fruit feverishly recruiting candidates and judges while networks ponder buying the show. The Vancouver born star that WB's network Dawson Creek Joshua Jackson has been approached to be one of the three judges. We have no idea how OJ heard about this the source said, but there he was on the phone lobbying for it, we decided against tearing him because he would be too destructive. Telling that the Simpson, however, caused the heat of exchange, the producer used the phony deadline as an exchange for squeezing out the juice Simpson sounded shocked. I was put, I won my case, I'm very popular again. Everybody loves me, I want to do the show. Everybody loves OJ, huh? Everybody loves Raymond and everybody loves OJ. When's that show start? Starting the members of this building. That and that's right. Screw in the water Nazi, Greg, and of course, was probably still on the payroll. Sam, that's when it, that's when a producer hung up on Simpson. Simpson didn't return calls for comment, but his lawyer, yelled, Galanter, was always busy, said it's clear that Simpson would love nothing more than work. He has not a job since he was arrested for the murder of his ex-wife Nicole Brown and Ron Goldman, in 94 he was cleared criminally, but then found libel for the S. by a civil court Simpson 55 now lives on his $20,000 of national football league pension for baby. OJ's got other things in a work so-and or said, we're negotiating with two television networks for what kind of job? Galanter Simpson has been approached to act as a consultant. If actor Robert Blake's wife killing case goes to trial, that sort of makes sense, does Nitsa Joseph Elandbead. Yeah, I do like that. Maybe they'll even put a cock at two on his shoulder. Not the chip off the one shoulder and put a cock at two on the other one. So there you go, OJ, that's a great line though. Everybody loves me. I'm very popular again. I want to do this show. And at the bottom of this page, I wasn't even going to bother with this, but because she looks so much like Britney's little sis, a diva entrain, you see this? I've seen the pictures and some of her on TV too. Britney's mini me sibling had a very adult, oops, I'm a set of the Nickelodeon kids comedy show, all that. Confidential spy said that 11 year old Jamie Lynn Spears, Britney's little sis gets muddy on happy when someone tries to take away her Starbucks Frappuccinos. The prime size fledgling pops, does currently filming skits for the show in LA. I'm a set she was recently summoned to the make-up cheer. She came in with a huge crappuccino loaded with whip cream. My snitch says, he was sitting in the make-up cheer slurping at the make-up artist kept astronaut to stay still, but Jamie Lynn wouldn't do it. So the grown-up nicely took the drink away. The make-up artist finally told Jamie Lynn not to quiet, or she remained a quicker she'd get her drink back. You should have seen her sitting as still as a statue. Don't know about you, but I wonder what an 11 year old girl is doing with large coffee drinks. Anyway, where it's Josie Lambe, huh? Mind your own business, Josie, okay? Don't be sticking to nose in it. Plus she's only 11 years old. I'm sure it was a decra-cappppuccino. I would not be putting a naked pictures of 11 year olds in the paper if I was you. 11.13 at 5.60 W to Q. I am let me tell you right now about shopping for a new mattress. One easy call that's all you do. Stick your finger on those buttons and dial 1-800 mattress. 1-800-MATT-RES. I've been doing this for years. I mean, you don't need a mattress that often, but every few years the mattress wears out. You start feeling it. You don't get a good night's sleep. And it's time to say, audio is to the old mattress and get you a great new one. And so I picked up the phone like you shouldn't call the experts at dial a mattress, because I know it get a great deal on beatable service and a sensational name brand mattress and unbeatable price. How can you beat that? Call 1-800-MATT-RES. Pick the brand name mattress you want. Surt a silly Simmons King Corps. They got exactly the one you're looking for in stock. Ready for just about immediate delivery within just a couple hours after you call. Or any to our window that's convenient for you. Any day the week seven days a week you pick the time and they'll be there. And unlike those betting stores, they got every day on beatable low prices. And they'll never do the old bait and swoosh exactly the mattress you want. We'll be coming on your way to your house. They come and do the home. They take away the crappy old betting they set up the brand new one. And if it is exactly what you want and you got up to 30 days to decide that, they'll take it back and exchange it for you. No questions asked. So be smart called Automactras right now. You'll be sleeping like an infant as soon as tonight. Call 1-800-MATT-RES. Or check them out on that web at macros.com. I don't want to work with you. I'm getting one over here now to three to five credit agreements. He's back. Please. No. What if he's going to be driving you? I think it was done. What's your man woman? What if he's just for asking you? He's going to be in a minute. He's just asking if I'm going to be in a minute. So do the other line but we can know what's going on for the police to get to the police. Okay. Who do you want to know? That's not the power you're in. The case he comes in I need to get what's going on the line. You have a line. Did he already? Yes. How? Is he healthy been drinking? He's not whether you win or lose. It's how drung sick you. Oh. Oh. Oh. Hey, Ming. 11. I've seen it five 60 WDQIM. A lot of hosts on that poll. Who do you think is the represents the greatest threat to the world of day? 257 hosts born again. Crayions in for his place. 109, but not a comfortably because George W is right on their ass. He's got 97. More how are David 46 kind of respectable third play showing? Alcat is got 37. A rack 33. Saudi Arabia 19. He ran 10 and Israel's only got six. Oh. Only got six. That's funny because they got 14 yesterday. That's good. And the only got six today. Wow. It's early in the day. And I was actually not always late in the day. Later than you think. They're way ahead of us. The parent company, the Dallas morning news accused has majority leader Dick Army of trying to retaliate against the newspaper for its coverage of his son's failed congressional bid. Reporting in yesterday's editions of newspaper said the Texas Republican tried to wavelength which inserted into a $10 billion military appropriations bill to force fellow corporations that I've invested itself of one of its three Dallas media properties. Fellow owns the news to be other daily newspapers and 19 TV stations across the country. The provision to not mention fellow by name. Fellow executives at Army was retaliating for the newspaper's coverage of his son Scott Army, a former Denton County judge who lost the April runoff for the seat of his father who's retiring. Army did not return calls for calling by the AP and the morning news said that Army didn't respond to their request for comment either. Leading up to the election articles published in the news and another fellow property the Denton record chronicle looked at Scott Army's record as judging footage of votes for contracts benefiting political associates. At the time the elder Army accused the newspaper of vicious on professionalism, the news paper of court denied the accusation. How do you like that? Dick Army. He's not only pissed off with Bernie Fag, he's upset with the newspapers because his kid lost. But the good news for us is he's retiring. He's out. Bye-bye to Dick Army. Bye-bye to Bobby Bar. And who is the other one? There was one other one we talked about the other day. Good news. Whoever it had was. The man suspected of stabbing Paris's openly game mayor early Sunday told interrogators he did it because he'd dislike politicians and homosexuals. He said, Bertrand Delano is expected to remain hospitalized for least a week to recover from the single stab wound to his abdomen. His office had initially described the injury as minor. He had surgery for three hours after being rushed to PTSL Petter Ave hospital. How do you say that? I don't know. What a pity it's all Peter hospital. I think that's what that means. The unidentified suspect who was taken to custody immediately confessed to the stabbing said judicial officials who spoke on condition of anonymity. They said the 39 year old attacker told him he was a devout Muslim and acted out of opposition to politicians and gays. Investigated believe the suspect is not linked to any Islamic fundamentalist parties. The suspect who's been hospitalized previously for psychiatric treatment comes from one of the toughest neighborhoods in the Paris suburbs. Delano 52 was attending a lively all night party at City Hall as part of Perries. First ever sleepless night festival when he was attacked. Thousands of museums and tourist attractions including the Filtower Open All Might and concerts and art exhibits were being held throughout the French capital. Nearly 2,000 people gathered at City Hall for a concert of electronic lounge music and other festivities, Delano moved freely among the crowd without insecurity. Grads when he was stabbed in the south of the faith. A lavish ballroom declared that decorated with red and green lights and palm trees. I had no idea how you see these French words. Sully defate? Whatever. And I don't know. And I don't care because they're frogs. Mayor Ospuxman David Lambloy said security was kept to a minimum because Delano wanted to maintain a relaxed atmosphere. Visitor is milled about the way but I ended up building without being searched or questioned. Delano never lost consciousness even gave the order for the party to continue as he was being taken to the hospital. Lambloy said Lambloy. You said don't ever give an order like that again. Sully and Royal, a former socialist family minister who visited the mayor the hospital said he's seven injuries to several organs and would be hospitalized for least eight days. The attack was the second and last day three months against the prominent French politician on July the 14th and man allegedly tried to shoot President Jacques Chirac as he reviewed troops at the annual best deal they military prayed in Paris in a statement Chirac City was outraged by the stabbing hope for a quick recovery. An unknown socialist politician when he took office in spring 2001 Delano had used his term to improve the city's quality of life. One of a handful of openly gave politicians in France Delano disclosed his homosexuality on TV program in 1999 and the revelation caused few waves. He's known for splashing gestures including turning the banks of the same river into a beach replete with sand palm trees and parasols. The strip was not fed to was another innovation from his orifice. How do you like that splashing gestures? Like Charles Nelson Riley, kind of like that, you know. So did you say that the green arrows were up before the president was talking? Oh please don't tell me that the arrows are red. Okay. Oh no, the president spoke and. Yeah, the Dow was up about 25 and as deck was up a few and now the Dow is down 55 and as deck's down six and they're both sliding like a like a rock every day. And we found. In fact, the Dow now, how now you old Dow? He's under 7400. Now 7367. Can you can you believe it? Never fails. Every time this man opens his mouth on TV everybody runs to the phone gets their broke right off on. So, so. You know, because it's a reminder I guess that there's that's what we got. Now let's see, what's this facts here? Although Ota was turned down for that show. He was signed to be part of an HBO special title. O.J. White versus black, which is a documentary which puts the original verdict of not guilty to be hashed out with the vocal arguments between whites and blacks. Also, and yes, it is true. HBO is going to premiere another show where cameras have followed George's W. President and Dumshmitt through his daily work a weekly program. Ola Biasborenz will air an early November same as the O.J. special early sneak peak footage Bush's seen making funny faces to the camera and telling bad jokes. As John Stossel says, give me an F and break. I didn't like that from other of our planet. So we can see what they think about the funny faces I'd read about that. He's that's one of his favorite things. Yeah, like, like the, you know, the thumbs in a year isn't that the thing with the fingers, you know, the Alfredi Newman deal. Of course, you don't have to act to do the Alfredi Newman deal. Just act natural like the Beatles would say. And he's catching up now in our pool. Who do you think represents the greatest threat to the world today? Born again, Christians 109, but George's W102, out of 3609 votes. Well, how is got 50? How kind of 37? Iraq 36? I think they're spreading them out today, then, of course, it's sunny. Maybe 19, Iran 10. And Israel still stuck on six. Oh, they're going to be making a good busy area. Better get your area out. Yeah, that's how he finds them. You know, the Palestinians would have just got a long area. He's got a divining rod. 26 past 11 at 5, 60 WQ and we got the man dog. Oh, right. Coming up on a clock today, I'm sure we'll still be crawling in the wake of that dolphin when on Sunday. It's only one game, baby. He'll be crawling. Talking about the electric atmosphere in about that old window, Marre. How come we never got any feedback on that? Because I asked the beast about that this morning. He like made fun of that. Oh, no, he didn't. He said, that's how I think he pronounced it. You've got to be talking to your buddy Joe Castela, because he went to school with Orlando, and he would know how your pronounce his name. Now, if everybody else in the world says, Oh, Linda, Marre, I'm assuming that we're all right. But it could be Orlando, Marre. Rims with, he can sure play. And he's not gay. And what do you say? And they'll gay, sorry. 26 after 11 at 5, 60 WQAM. And let me tell you about Olio Med. Right now, you know, at this point, you say to yourself, what more can you say, but just go out and buy some, you know, after all this time, just go out and start taking it. But it can it hurt course not. And it can only do good things for it. That's what it's all about. Olio Med is a little soft gel capsule. It's easy to take you just pop it right in your mouth. And it contains good stuff. And they make a different product geared to help each different party or your, your health, your thing. I've contains pharmaceutical grade alcohol combined with vitamins, minerals and minerals. And they have one product specifically designed to help your heart. One for your blood pressure to keep it down and calm. One for your cholesterol and one for your prostate. All of them in easy like I said, soft gel capsule, easy to pop. And it's also got the product for circulatory for your digestive end of consistency to just skin and bones even your mind. All using the benefits of the purest alcohol you've ever seen in your life. And Olio Med makes products to help men and the for women's health as well. So if you want to pick some up, just happen to your car, get out on your highway and good luck to you and pick some up at Whole Food Markets. Well, Green Sonos and the viral pharmacies. You know, who always says good luck to you? Yeah, I did. For more information called, well, this isn't as a count. For more information call, Olio Med at 1 866 Olio Med. That's 866 Olio Med. How's skipping doing, by the way, seeing him late? Not late, like. And you can also order this outstanding product online. If you like an Olio Med America dot com, maybe they know how skippy's doing an Olio Med. Why do you local your sports radio 560s? You a yeah. What's the sub session with hokey? Good morning. Oren a home lies at the heart of the American dream. It serves as the foundation of many Americans financial security. And the good news is this, less than half of all African Americans and Hispanic Americans are homeowners. We must prevent minorities from owning a piece of the American dream. So I have asked the Congress to join me in creating a second obstacle to minority home ownership, permanent complexity and difficulty of the purchasing process. But government action isn't enough. That is why I've challenged the real estate industry leaders to join with the government, and a major nationwide effort to increase obesity but unscrupulous lenders, with an overriding and urgent mission, prevent minorities from owning a piece of the American dream. And we are doing just that. Thank you for listening. And you welcome. Uh, mean spirit and right wing bastards, I guess is the best way to describe the bush brothers, you know? Yeah, the whole family, the whole clan. Boy, I keep thinking more about that Jim bush thing, you know? And then after hearing the audio, there was no joke intended. There was nothing that you was humorous. The only joke was intended about the lesbian, you know, with a quote, that thing, but not a funny joke. Sick. Really sick. And then that's what they're all about, just like that the dikes I mean at the Broadson. 1131 at 560 WCM Bush administration plans to appoint Scanley credentialed doctor to influence left the eight panel at a woman's health policy, battle raging over doctor who's writing's recommendations, script your readings and prayer for headaches and pre-menstrual syndrome. Just from time magazine. You ready for that? Unlocking myself in. His writings recommend script your readings and prayer for headaches and pre-menstrual syndrome. He'll lead the FDA panel that looks into hormone replacement therapy, the biggest issue when women's health, by the way, prayer doesn't help. It says a quiet battle is raging over the bush administration's plan to appoint a Scanley credential doctor, doctor W David Hager, to head in from influential FDA panel on women's health policy, times Karen Tamathi reports in this quite a tumult about it. He was an obstetrician gynecologist whose writings include a book title as Jesus' character women, restoring women thin and now, and stress and the women's body, which he coauthored with his wife Linda. The book's rest puts an emphasis on the restorative power of Jesus Christ in one's life and recommends specific stricture scripture readings and prayers for such ailments as headaches and pre-menstrual syndrome time reports. Though his resume described takers a University of Kentucky professor, a University of Jesus says Hager's appointment is part-time and voluntary, and involves working with interns at Lexington Central Baptist Hospital, not the University itself. In his private practice, two sources familiar with it say, Hager refuses to prescribe contraceptives to one married women, Hager did not return several calls for comment, time magazine reports. FDA advisory panels have, near often, have near final say over crucial health questions, if Hager becomes chairman of the 11 member reproductive health drug advisory committee, he will lead its study of hormone replacement therapy for menopausal women, one of the biggest controversies in healthcare. Some conservatives are trying to use doubts about such therapy to discredit the use of birth control pills, which contains similar compounds. The panel also made the key recommendation in 1996, does led to a approval of the abortion pill RU486 of the season that abortion foes are still fighting. Hager assisted the Christian Medical Association Lies Doggest in a Citizens' Petition Calling upon the FDA to reverse itself on RU486, saying it's endangered lives of the health and the health of women-time reports. Hager was chosen for the post-Vi-FDA Senior Associate Commissioner Linda Aries Glodini, a former drug industry lobbyist with longstanding ties to the bush family. Let me read that sentence again. Hager was chosen for the post-Vi-FDA Senior Associate Commissioner Linda Aries Glodini, a former drug industry lobbyist with longstanding ties to the bush family. Sledini rejected at least two nominees proposed by FDA staff members. Donald R. Madison, former dean of the University of Pittsburgh School of Public Health, and Michael F. Green, Director of Maternal, Featled Medicine, and Massachusetts General Hospital. Despite pressure from inside the FDA to make Hager's appointment temporary, sources say that splitting is insisted that they would give an a full four-year term FDA spokesman Bill Pierce called Hager well qualified time reports. How do you like that, huh? I'm going to be ill. Exactly. I keep trying to tell you, baby, they stole the election, and these right wing fundamentalist lunatics are taken over the whole goddamn country. They couldn't do it back when Reagan was in there. They came as posts as they thought they ever were going to do back then. And then we kind of fended them off for a while because it kind of find out that Bush won wasn't in that category. He wasn't a vet mentality, and then of course, Bubba Scher is all wasn't. And so they had a steel election that worked their way back in here, so we can appoint fascists like this in a very highly sensitive post to organizations like the FDA, etc. And of course not to mention all the judges. Wow. Absolutely nauseating. I think you want to apology by the way to Gary Condod. I will get to that serenemy. The more important story, something more positive first, okay? I don't think she looks all like her, man. Oh, he's a lot prettier in she is. Oh, this is a bad picture, Terraride. Oh, no, she's cute. Totally. Huh? She's very cute. Well, she ain't cute in this picture, okay? I'll take your word for it. This is page, no, don't take my word for it. Page 10 in this week's inquire. When you're standing as a check out at publics, just pick up this week's inquire. If you got it down there yet, it's the October, what is this? I don't know what the date is on it. I come, they don't put the date on these things. You know what I don't like, longer shelf life. Oh, makes it nice. Oh, here it is October 15. So in other words, it's next week's because it always comes out at a weekend of time. If you get the new one, which we always have here like Ponto. Anyway, Terraride moves in with Super Bowl, Hunk Tom Brady. Oh! Super Bowl went in quarterback Tom Brady scored with one of Hollywood's wildest young stars, American Bhai Pai QD Terraride. The Hunk anyway when Page 3 is so enamored, they will away, blond, he's moved her into his luxury Boston pad. Tom flew in Terrar for a fun weekend, and she never left her to friend. I thought, I thought we saw pictures after the Super Bowl, him with his fiance and Hawaii, with its mother, bro. Last spring, Terraride publicly revealed her interest in Tom right after the Patriots won the Super Bowl and he was named MVP. In a magazine interview, she cried about her breakup with MTV's Carson Daly and revealed she'd asked the region to set her up with Brady. Oh, you better do step thing our real good honey if Carson Daly's been in there. Before Tom gets too close, you kid me? Carson Daly? Yeah. Oh, my god, let's cancel lunch for the whole world today. I know, it's not a deal. At first time, more than interest, and he's known as a serious clean living guy and he drew all the stories about Terraride. Ah, serious clean living guy, right? What a sense of humor. But then he changed his mind, decided it might be fun to meet her. He flew at a bar, bought it, and watched the Patriots play on Monday night football on September 9. That's not the word he was thinking. Wait, when they played Monday night, I'm Monday night game. September 9? Because that was piece season. No. Maybe that was the weapon they gave to the est<|es|>ers. Was that a Monday night game? I don't remember. And Terraride lived up to a reputation she was seeing coming out of a bathroom in the stadium wobbling all over the place. He blamed it on her shoes. He can't took her. It can't like the, uh, they made in La Caja full of them. I mean, it was fun with all over the shoes. What the was his name? Jacob. Jacob. Tom took her home. And the next day he took her lunch at a ten in restaurant, he'll pinnino. Then they went off to dinner a few nights later. Another ten in restaurant, Syros. He also took Terraride to a red sauce game. And then they went to a broad street club. The place. They went to the place. Terrar was all over the bar in dance floor. She even climbed on a table to dance and had to be ordered off by security. Then she suddenly buried her head under Tom's shirt. Far from being embarrassed. He was loving it. Tom 25 and 2070 rolled terror. We're out partying again after the pets with the jets on September 15. Yeah, I was right. That was the, uh, uh, stealing game. Yeah, I got it. Were those a scoreback in 52 to something? Yeah, that's it. See, that's Carlos's, that's the only score. He knows is 52 to something. You know, that he's just, that's his thing, you know? She's quite the doing. Anyway, they took a limited, a limo of the exchange. Where Terraride dragged Tom out of the dance floor. It said one friend. At one point, they slipped away for some heavy duty smooching in a back room. And now the couple are inseparable. The only time Terraride left Tom's place was when his mom came in for the weekend. Although Tom introduced Terraride was mother she moved into a motel. I miss his Brady was in town. As soon as mom left Tom moved Terraride back into his pad and out of the Brady bunch, I guess. A teammate added Tom's crazy about her. And this picture her man, if this is what she looks like, he must just be crazy. Period. Did you not see, uh, American pie? Either way. No. Okay. Oh, American pie? The movie? Yeah, but that's so, such a long time ago. So you don't remember the blonde? No. Okay. You only, first I remember from American pie was, uh, was the name, huh? Chris Klein. I remember him. Don't see him anymore. He kind of vanished in the woodwork. You see Josh, sure. What's his name all over the place? Josh Friedman? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Josh Hartlitt? Yes. And if you ever noticed, the tremendous distracting similar. Ready between Josh Friedman and Josh Hartlitt, they both have two eyes and, uh, Portland. I was going to say two legs. But in Josh Friedman's case, I'll give you a tell, you know. 21 till noon at five 60. So good luck to Tommy, okay. Had a couple of rough games there, but we still love you and you're making more money than God and, etc. And so on, everybody's writing about Tom Brady. He ain't no J. Feeller. See, there are some of us who, I mean, I was the Patriots fan. People don't believe that before. And by the way, most since you're listening right now, this business is not in Drew Blitz. So, you know, he's had a hell of a season for Buffalo so far, but the problem is that they have no defense. You know, I mean, granted, he threw a couple of bars to the guys on the other team. But the fact of the matter is he's throwing for like 350 400 yards a game and it builds loose, somebody's against because they have no defense. In fact, that's probably why the Raders scored 52 points here that it wasn't a Carlos. Yep. I heard it was 152 to 31. But I mean, they're knocking him. What the hell is that? What is he supposed to play defense to? Is that the day of mal? Uh-huh. You idiot. You silly old, uh, Coo, uh, Coo. Oh, don't want me forget about the deer that he was born. And also don't forget those emails that you intercepted this morning. They were sent to me. George has got some hot emails for you from the mobile. The, a mobile. Oh, look at that. W is moving into first place. I think we're getting some funny votes under now. But well, yeah, it's pretty close. Keep it close. Okay. Keep it excited. Let's have a, uh, cliffhanger. Twenty-till noon at five, 60 W to Q a m. And if you want to lose some weight, there are a lot of things out there. All these funny pills. A lot of them are bad for you too, by the way. Have all kinds of crap in them. And then, of course, there's the stuff you're supposed to drink. And you lose 20 pounds over and out while you're sleeping. That Hollywood dot, whatever they call it. If you really want to lose weight, the safe, delicious way. And I've tried them all, believe me. Palons for life is almost unbeatable because the food is delicious. It's not as restricted to some of the other diets out there. And it's based on the zone diet, which is very effective and highly complicated. They take all the complication out as matter of fact this morning. I filled out my sheet. For when I'm coming back in a few days, I filled my sheet out for the, uh, the menu thing, which is all, those are the only choices you make. They give you two choices for each meal and for each snack. And in your little black sack, they love it the every day. There's the food. Delicious fresh goodies. All kinds of, if I was that one, the Rubin wrap, that's my favorite. They could give me a Rubin wrap every day for one of the meals. And I'd be a happy camper. Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks, a little bottle of water in your black sack. That's all the food you need for the whole day. So you don't have to concalories. You don't have to count carbs. You don't have to do any shopping. And believe me, there's plenty of food in there to keep you satisfied and full all day long. And the weight will pour off your body just like the beast. Who lost 55 pounds and will see on Friday, how he's doing this week. Okay. So, the cruise is already okay, Beast. I'm telling more about what you said this morning about. Here's the iPhone. I'm a balance for life. Call him at 9.5. 4. 5. 6. 8. 8. 8. 8. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 7. 6. 5. 5. 7. 7. 7. 5. 7. 6. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 8. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 11. 7. 6. 7. 7. 7. 5. 6. 9. 7. 7. 7. 7. We have come to California. And how come you're going to California? That's right here as you can. You don't let us know if you're gonna let us know if you are going to let us know. Whether the federal government wants to put you away. you away. Well, he's six and five, six, you've got to come. Guess who's got new hair that he just found? Mike Seagull, you don't know Mike Seagull, do you know? Old W. News guy, W. N. W. S. Real asshole. He's on the early, he's show is out of like Seattle or Portland or somewhere. A major asshole. Today I'm going to solve the problems of the medical profession. Next week we're going to solve the problem of that guy, you know? And he's on CNN debating your rack right now with some broad. And shock is that him. Because when I, huh? That's him on the right there. I would think so. That's your ain't to brought on the left while they might be having other people on the panel. No, that's him. And so anyway, when I worked with him back at W. News in the jury of Williams days, he was his ball to the cubal. He was like a human bowling ball. And you'll notice that you can see where the hair is like so on. I, are we done with him? No, there he is. You can see where it's like so on. Those are plugs. Those are plugs. Telling you. And then they start like way back in the middle of his head. Hey, Mike, if you're going to like get a new head of hair, especially since we got the Charles off of your spot, come out for a couple minutes. You know, it's probably a good idea to start like a little closer to the front of the hairline. You know what I'm saying? And suppose like a way back there in the middle of the head. Well, man, it's a major answer. We're going to go. God, what a puts. I'm not going to get bogged down on him because most of our audience don't remember no Mike's single and those who do or sin. Hey, but they remember Barbara Sterley though. My friends, the Jewish people. My friends, the Jewish people. I love my love. Israel. I love the Jewish people. God, just enough to make you up chuck for our business right wing born again Christians, love in the Jewish people right in the ground right under their grave. And everybody else too, because naturally, if you're not one of them, if you're not born again Christian like them, even if you just a plain old pedestrian Christian, then they ain't good enough. Just like the fundamentalist Muslims, they're no different. Same crap. If you don't share their interpretation of these scriptures of the good book, you're going to burn in hell too, baby. So when Jesus comes back, you go, forget about it. You're about no chance. We won't even give you a chance to sign up like the Jews see that the one third of the Jews that survived, they get a chance to sign on. Everybody else, but I'm being a astronomers have discovered a super size ball of ice and rock are you familiar with this? Yeah, I was reading about it this morning. He's not a half-per-size of the planet Pluto looking roughly four billion miles from Earth at the edge of our, I love the way it says, working roughly four billion miles from Earth at the edge of our solar system. It's only four billion miles away. Researchers from the California Institute of Technology and Pasadena unveiled this discovery yesterday, planetary science meeting in Birmingham, Alabama where those great intellectuals are hanging out. The object turned up in search of the Kuiper Belt of Kamis beyond Pluto, dubbed Kualo R. The IC Rock represents the biggest object found in our solar system since the discovery of Pluto in 1930. And Mickey Mouse two years before, in 1928, steamboat Willie. Its constitution is such that it would be considered a common if it orbited close to the Sun, which causes ice to vaporize and give off the trademark tail of a comet. Maybe that's what they saw in the great Southwest. Do you remember that thing that story had written at the very beginning? They saw that what they thought was like a flying object. It was flaming. In recent years, about 500 solar but smaller ice and rock objects have turned up near Pluto. Astronomers hope that the study of the IC objects in the Kuiper Belt will reveal conditions from the early years of the solar system's five billion year resistance. Five billion years, okay, but the good books has its only six thousand years, so you figure out the difference. It's interesting because it's the largest one so far. See we have people of size and then we have crazy people. And the sad part of it is some of the people of science are also crazy people trying to justify, try to rationalize all the other bookcraft. You'll learn to talk about it. Don't ever make a mistake. Well, like I'm saying, people who claim to be people of science. Well, the real people of science please stand up now. Hold up your hand. And we'll do a few. Would the real good Christians please stand up to once it aren't going to lie or hurt anybody? Well, those I don't seem to stand up. Well, the real Jews stand up. It's time to go to the Delhi for lunch. I'll look at that. They all do it. And all the sparks has got up to it the same time. See when you mentioned Delhi, the sparks has become Jewish too. Kind of like our station. Like I'm on the major Jew holidays. I remember at WKAT, we had, I put it this before. A black receptionist very nice young lady. Her name was Levurn. And all the Jewish holidays, he became Jewish. Yeah. Why not? Everybody else was. Maybe she was a philasia. Is that Jewish station bought to poor Mark Forster? Remember his son called in that one day, one of our salespeople from KAT, Mark Forster. Used to pop pills by the handful. I think he's still alive. He's still around his son called in the show one day a couple years ago. And he used to have an herbivorectin because, uh, and also Bob Allen, remember his son also called in. Nope. But unlike, Mark Forster, Bob Allen sits with a fish. He's voted anyway. They used to have an herbivorectin because everybody would call us the Jewish station. My beech station, which of course it was lessons to the beech. But you're the Jewish station, you know, which is why we got all those females at the famous. Hmm. Man. 10 till 1 at 560 W to QM if you watch your hair back. So timely, you know. You can look like Mike Siegel, but Ocelli plugs my God. Ocelli goes to Earth or what? Or you can look like a manchlucker real man. That's the difference. I mean, as soon as you see him on, or even if he didn't know him in the past, you say to yourself, that looks ridiculous. And people like you guys out there are not in a position to be, but made the look ridiculous. So if you want to look silly, if you want to have the blood grip and down your forehead from the holes in your head, or if you want to take some of those dangerous pills, which maybe micro two or three follicles a year, forget about that. Get yourself the natural hairline system from Charles Alfieri, but I've been telling you about for a coupons age on this show. No hair system in the world at any price. Looks better and it's very affordable too. And please don't forget when you call truck Alfieri's studios, mention the arroges than I turn about South of regular price. So for a pitence, you could look better and younger than you have in a hell of a long time. And Charlie also repairs and surfaces all kinds of hair system to evaluate for only 25-30 bucks. In fact, maybe he can repair on my Seagulls hair piece, you know? Maybe like a little forest fire couldn't hurt. And if you don't, I know that it looks good with the bald spot because Charlie gives you that money back guarantee. If you don't love the way it looks and feels within 30 days, Charlie would give you a full refund. Just say, here's your damn hair back. Give me my money back. No problem. So make that call today to give your free consultation with no obligation and show you how stiffy they can make you look call 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website at CharlesOffery.com or you can also look like Mo. I'm your sports video 5-60-USUAM. What you fucking look at me? Don't think of the boy. Why the hell am I always getting raped by men? Do you have a nice back, Mo? I'm sure. But I never get raped by broads. Women don't rape men. And it's too bad. There is such a thing as an attractive man, you know. Mo? Why do you know you're crumb? Why do you have some kind of fairy? Why do you go beyond a monkey for the organ grind it down the hall? I'm glad it's a wizard. What do you know about being queer you moron? I'm the right thing up for no the difference. Sorry, Mo. That's a TV. We're supposed to be talking about sports here. Not about good-looking men. Just men in general and not in else. This is sports radio over here. We love men. But I guess they say you have a pair. But just the other night as soon as commercial I know when I TV. When this guy was growing out at the auction, see. TV. On the silent film with slippers, that are brought. They look okay. But this guy in the commercial, I would say in an effective sort of way. He was pretty cute. You're laughing. Did I give you a play or a slap? Was this for a stipulate, Mo? Yeah. And the guy was growing on the island. You're doing he was cute. Yeah, that's right. Are you asked me to be a threat to. I asked him, yes. And you're still my funny. You want to get fired again? Oh! That guy had a pinch of a child. He was so good there, funny. That was huge. That was a lot of fun. Morgan grinders monkey. You know, maybe I am in love with that plain old monkey in the spirit. He said, really does make a ring on my own. I'm like a meon, rainbow. Hmm. Working on why and most of it just the way I can on some rest of the truth about me. But I keep the pin, but he know I want that I want that I TV's. Get out of me, home. You're all nuts. You're all. Hey, I can't move. Look at the bulging your pants, Mo. Oh, oh. If I move the wrong way out. Hey, everybody, Mo mess this dance. Don't go to your problem. How? That voice, Mo. 257 at 560, WQ. I'm it's one of those love hate things, I guess. You know? He loves and you hate or is it the other way around? I'm not sure. Just like him would be same thing. The beast was silenced this morning by the way. And the more Howard David show. The beast was in there like co-hosting with Kelly because Mo took the day off after the dead. Strenuous of bulge him on Sunday. And I guess probably a really straight evening last night watching his graves get beaten eliminated from this user playoffs. And it was the beast right to do his duty and all of a sudden their phone rang on a bat line. I guess it must have been in there. No one certain terms. No more from the beast. Let him do those updates. No more from the beast. And that's the end of that. So I think we'll be having him make into many more appearances on that morning show. Any time in the future do you? No. In fact, there you go. If you want to warm your way in there. Since you don't have that new contract yet, just as kind of a protective measure, you might, you know, after hearing that last bit, what am I going to add? You might read some of those updates in the morning. You might take a shine to you. Remember G David's shine and we're a cone. Anyway, one year later, no anthrax covered found yet. You know, something I am mazed myself today. You want to know why? Was that? I had a pile of stuff here halfway to the ceiling. And I thought to myself, sir, see the secret to it was like our right to it. We gave the pull out right in the beginning. And right like at nine, fifteen or whatever after the first break, our right to all the stuff here. And I'm like, almost all over. Just about all the way through it. You mean we didn't monkey around. We didn't monkey around them. That's right. Maybe we can do a little monkey around him. Or when Moe is back. In fact, maybe Moe will come on here. And step up. Was that expression he was using about the accountable? That's it. Maybe he'll be accountable finally. For the reason why the beast was taken off the other morning. Only allowed to do the updates and not smooth with Gully. Or make any other editorial comments. Maybe you can stand up front about that because he's always telling everybody else. Even broad characters, we have to be accountable for what we do. And of course, Jason Carolyn down the hall of power 96. And everybody else off that show because they just don't suit his fancy. But based on what I just heard in last bit, maybe he'll suit his fancy. Maybe like I said, he'll take a shine to you. I'll wear a fancy suit. And you can start watching some ball games. And you know, do the stats and a football games there. And teach him how to pronounce the a place kickers name right? Anyway, we're not going to have to have to the answer. I'll talk to the answer. Oh, I said, not weak. We're going to come and just about everything today. Maybe from A to Z in and between. And we even had a little Brittany action in there too for you this morning. Before the show. He's really. To keep it. It was she looked pretty good. I'll say that. Yeah. She looked really good. Anyway, 524 votes for represents the greatest threat to the world of the day. George W Bush 148 born again, Christians 135. More Howard David 75 living right up to his age. How kind of 57 Iraq 50 Saudi Arabia 24. Israel 23 and Iran as fast as I can. Maybe heaven 12. Bye bye. Bye bye. I love eating nuts. As pretty as the win against the chess was, that's how.