Now the Neil Roger show on 560 WQA and... It's Friday you besting. You and this water happy place. No, it's a goddamn crappy place. Where everybody paints the sights of your face. You and this water happy place. No, it's a stinkin' thick disgrace. You and this water happy place. The job worshipers who love OJ. Backstabbing, rebroken. The equipment always breaks. It's a hot and smarty place. You and this water happy place. A real depressing place. You and this water happy place. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. Yeah, what they'll do you know anyway, huh? Mr. Bigshot. I know what it's five, 60. You will get 10 minutes. Old by Disney. Old Disney is invited by P.D. Lenny. Don't come running in there ever again. And tell us a call Mike Disney and put him on a ear. You idiot. You scumbag. You cycled in you. God. So I'm back. But you know, can you hear it? I don't get sound. It sounds great. Sounds fine. It does. Actually this is quicker than usual for me. But this was definitely an airplane induced. You know, you sit on an airplane and then close space, especially on a trip for like a long time for like seven eight hours. Go in across the pond. And they keep recirculating that crappy air and every time somebody coughs or parks or does anything in air like you're breathing all of that in. Right. And I can't tell you the number of times I've come back from plane trips. And then you start thinking, well, it was the allergies in Toronto. Was the allergies in Miami? It's gotten them to do with allergies to that. It's got to do with allergies to the craft that you're breathing in. And I was God name airplanes. Which you know, I mean, everybody likes a little head. And this was not a big one. And a cool either. It was, you know, on a scale of seven. I give it about a three and a half. But I'm going to play a lot of stuff today and make no mistake about that. And thank God we don't have a day. A dead. Yeah. I still can't get over what I heard most either. A day of fillings today. Oh boy. He really has a sense of you. Where does it he? And I have a lot of the fillings too. Oh. Oh. I enjoy coffee when I got like all that flim in my throat. It's great. It's a good feeling. 725. Oh, so I'm George's marginal pull yesterday. That's not too bad. That's pretty good total. I'll take it. Especially for this pull fan and of course George left out a word. See, the pull would have been much more significant. And maybe we would have had like 10 or 20 more votes. The pull should have said fantasizing about sex with identical twins is. And then with the choices. Well, I knew what I meant. Well, you know what you meant. But the audience are at a bunch of psychics out there. They're not a bunch of misclios. Although probably more legitimate. Certainly the Jonathan Edward. Phanticizing about sex with twins, which George met identical twins. Because twins could be like one boy and one girl for example. Once you mentioned it. Yeah. And I don't think either one of us wants to have sex with the twins one boy and one girl. No, thank you. Although depending on what they look like, you can always shove the one you don't want. Like off the side of the bed. Maybe right over on the floor. Anyway. Great. Everyone has that fantasy. That's what I voted. 64.1% 465. And no, I did not hear any of George's show yesterday. But I did check out the pool. Because I figured well, at least it'll be some from my mother to talk about it again. He's talking about sex again. That's all he talks about. Yeah. As a matter of fact, we're listening about sex with mom. Yeah. And that's a good pool. How about sex with mom? That'd be a good pool to take some day. Next time George does the show. It's okay. Phantin. See, I don't understand. The fantasizing about sex with twins is okay for that sort of thing. 208.8% I've perverted discussing a moral thing. 51 people. 7% said that. Just just to be negative. Just to be hostile. I mean, what's wrong with fantasizing about anything? When you come right down to it, don't worry. Don't worry to jail for fantasizing. Unless we have the thought police and John S. Crawford like to have those. Maybe we'll have some day. By the way, to just as departments investigating the FBI, right on the heels of the FBI, getting all those new powers. And I'll present that they saying the FBI, the ones who screwed up as if we didn't know that. But somebody's got to, not that we're pointing at the finger of blame. You understand? Uh, somebody's got to take the rap and them deservedly so. So that's who his other George is pooled from yesterday. Not all that throwing. I mean, it was okay, like I said, it was pretty good George. Thanks. Thank God we don't have a bunch of fillings today. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. Yeah, well get to you. Okay, Mr. Hotshot. Go puke it away. Spaske it again. Get out of my face. I can't get over the fact that you allow PD Lenny to suck you in. Come in there breathlessly. Get George to call. What do you do? Just give you a number. That that that Mike was trying to asperally to get through. And I thought that maybe there was something some bomb shall or something. Well, you know, we have this lawsuit ongoing. Another one of our stupid, uh, beastly broadcasting lawsuits. Because Greg's got thin skin. And every time somebody doesn't, the pisses him off or takes away some of our listeners. Or even the threat of taking away our listeners. And then you're going to get away it's a lawsuit time. Like the thing with the fan is the fan still on the air. Oh, anybody here in the fan these days at English? Huh? No. I didn't think so. I'm surprised he hasn't sued I and Z yet. They ought to. And I, I, that's another thing I can't get over. Maybe that's why I got this mug in my throat. Although the good news is it's gone from dark green to like kind of a, what do you call like green in yellow? What would you call that? Green in yellow? Oh, like like lime. No, not lime. It's gone to that greenish yellow with your much lighter shade, which isn't always a good sign of lighter shade of pale. I'll show you. I'll show you. And by the way, Ma, I didn't say anything about puking on here. This, this woman, and no matter what I say on the air, she takes it and manipulates it and talks to other people, which always gets back to me. Oh, he was so sick. He was puking. He's always running around all over the world. Oh, go get the animal bag out. Honey, get out of my face. Here's our pool for today. And this one it seems to me has got some, many possibilities. Which great looking celebrity has or in person. And he has or in parentheses had because some of them might not be famous anymore. Some might be dead like one on my list. Which great looking celebrity has or had the least talent? That's good. Here's my list so far. Fred Pitt. And I don't care what anybody says. He's got to be one of the worst actors of modern time. He is. Think of all the stiff movies he's been in. Think of that. What's in the box? I mean, he just was off all. That was a horrible performance. Well, he's bad. I like it. Marilyn Monroe. Now during her time, people said that Marilyn Monroe was a great actress, but I don't know. Who said that? Robert Wagner. She was touted as being a great actress even though she had the same kind of a Vurbius that's kind of a verbal approach to her delivery as Jackie O'Nasses. You like that, you know. Although I'm sure she wasn't as much of a slut and a horror Jackie O'Nasses. Anyway, Marilyn Monroe, Robert Wagner, who looked really, really good, but boy, he could not have a paper sack. If you ever saw it, what does it call? It takes a thief or a catch-a thief. To catch a thief. Oh, no, he takes a thief. Sorry. He came act. Tab Hunter. Also looked very good. Wouldn't. I mean, as wouldn't as a cigarster Indian, Ron Diaz. Fabian. Do you remember Fabian? I remember the name. Tara Milose. Yeah. Jennifer Lopez. Although I don't think she's great looking, but she allegedly is great looking. That's because he's got a big ass. So we'll put her on there. Riddy Spears. I mean, that goes without question. Oh, man. And the bad news is George still doesn't have the National Enquirer for this week. You know, you people at South Florida feel so bad for you. With all of our contacts, with all of our connections with the magazines, with the, the, probably they took the Arab guy off to a camp somewhere. Uh, Captain Singh. But the other guy that was bringing all of our magazines. And you still can't get the guy damn right in choir from this week. No. The one that's got the Columbine shooting, grow test pictures under front cover and then inside a picture of Brittany that would make any even homosexual man much less heterosexual, just salivate and format the muffin start looking the paper. But at any rate, I got it. You don't. Brittany Spears, Raquel Welch, who looked great, but boy, she was in some really awful movies. What was that movie she was in? Like, kind of like a sci-fi movie, not Barbara Reload. That was Jane Fonda. But something like that. The caveman movie? I don't know. When you're talking about the, Frankie, a lot. Frankie, a lot. Somebody's our dated, but that's because I'm old. Maybe some other people come up with some newer ones for the list. You didn't like Frankie? You didn't like Frankie? You don't even know who that is. Frankie, have a one? Yeah. Don't you remember that hit song, penis, so, peen is, don't you remember that? Of course. Which great looking celebrity has or had the least talent? Brad Pitt, Marilyn Monroe, Robert Wagner, Tam Hunter, Fabian, Jennifer Lopez, Brittany Spears, Raquel Welch, or Frankie Avalon. And I said celebrity because it could be like a movie star or like a TV person or a, make believe singer like Brittany. I got something like that. How about James Dean? Yeah, he was considered great looking. Okay. That's, he was highly overrated. Mm-hmm. Made all of three movies in his life and now he's a legend after his own time. Never took a bath. And he used to have his boyfriends put out their cigarettes on his skin. You know, like an assarman on his chest. Oh, what are those? One of those is an M. Guys. Here's the story of the day. And I'm going to play a lot of stuff today because I don't want to waste my voice because I don't have much left of it. But I'll do the best I can. Sure better than a lot of fillings. That's what I'm here. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. Yeah. He is a panic. You think we're not staring to understand him a little bit. Of course he hates you like poison. So I don't think he will ever be on the same wavelength you in what I ever do to him. What? You said that he was wearing a zothal plaid pants and that he had a black hairpiece to keep falling off his head. And he believed that you actually said those things. That's the thing. It breaks my heart, Mo, that you believe the George said that. Oh, he talked about my Disney. It was Mike Disney that said that. That's right. Here's the story of the day. And you know something we're not back on the same wavelength again. Like we were that one day. No, there's a little bit of a delay. Yeah, this is about like a half of B-doth. And you know, speaking of B-doth, I'll get to that skickle ceramic. Strip or mom poses for playboy website. Oh, story of the day. Hands down. A California woman who quit a stripping job, to her five year old, so her five year old daughter could return to her Christian school, has now posed nude for playboy's website. Although this, this is what a church official said to child would not be expelled this time. However, that's story a few weeks ago. Of course. Well, and if you go to the website, CNN.com, you'll see her picture and believe me. You'll be anxious to go out and pick up the new playboy. Right after you pick up the new national enquire. Christine is still this 24-joo international headlines. What her daughter was expelled from kindergarten two weeks ago. A capital Christian school on Sacramento on grounds her mother's job as a new dance year violated the church's Christian philosophy agreement. Now, how can you put that call on hold? Is there any special reason for that? No, like you're assuming that I might take it. No one. On the front line. Oh, it's on five. Hello. Now there's nobody on the right. Um, so the single mother who said she needed the job to pay monthly $400 to wish initially. We refused to quit the strip club. A relemated so her daughter could finish the year at the school. Some 90 miles from San Francisco. Since then, Silvus who's now working at a local radio station. As we see, numerous job officers, including one from Playboy, which this week published the photo spread she was spreading it. Silvus said she flew to Chicago last week to post for the photos for an undisclosed sum. Before all of this happened, I was extremely interested in posing Silvus and it interview posted on the Playboy website. I have the utmost respect for the entire company and I believe posing for Playboy's American Dream for a woman. But officials at the church, partly 4,000 member capital Christian Center and one of the largest assemblies who got churches in the country saw things of it differently. Pastor Rick Cole told the San Francisco Chronicle on Thursday that he was disappointed Silvus again violated the agreement she had signed, but her center daughter would be a lot of finished school. This is a big disappointment and a big setback from the path we appeared to be on Cole. Pull the newspaper after an audition. She knows full well what she's doing and understands its country. To what we had agreed to, and he wants it all what he's getting his pictures. Twelve minutes after 9 at 5.50 QAM. Let's just set the record straight on mattress delivery policies. Only down on mattress 1 800 mattress delivers on the day in time you want within any two hour window from eight o'clock in the morning until 10 p.m. As soon as two hours from when you make the call. Let me say it again just so you get this straight in your mind. Only down on mattress 1 800 mattress delivers on the day in time you want from eight in the morning until 10 at night as soon as two hours after you make your call every day, seven days a week even Saturday and Sunday. They in evening and the sun other words to make a long story short. Whenever it really is convenient for you. The next best service available when you deliver Tuesday through Saturday and a four hour window and they choose the window and don't even tell you which four hours until they call you the night before. Stink in service right if you want great service, great selection and prices unbeatable. Do what I always do when I need a brand new name brand mattress. Call our friends at dial a mattress anytime you're in a mood 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Choose the silly service simins are king call that you really wanted a great low price. And then choose when you want to knock on on your door and stung it in there for you in a mattress 2. Call down a mattress today toll free 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TT RES or In for low to the hell. No portion of this program with a repeat this with a great information of WQAM busy broadcast group incorporated. Neon. Okay, so I panic that heard that rejoined and of course now we're doing this funky thing. We're playing a spot on tape because I have no voice and I panic can play the bit. The band that we were playing. Oh, that's what I was thinking. We get one over bread and one TV life was planned and we were bored. That's why we all signed up to sell the sea. There's no goal anymore. Here last leader was the bus we leave. We'll now rewind the ocean floor in a rush on submarine. The earth died in the Russians submarine. Russians submarines. Russians submarines. We are died in the Russians submarine. Russians submarines. Russians submarine. As we lie in the mail with big emotion and decay. Here's the mother that man plays. The old dying in the Russians submarine. Russians submarines. Russians submarines. We all die in the Russians submarine. Russians submarines. Russians submarine. Russians submarine. Russians are in the Russians. We all lose the subsequent leans. We're not yet in the way. We're not yet in the way. I'm not talking about this loose B7 size by loose it's where. But nothing more. Let me come to you. Let me come to you. I've got a com. I've got a com that. All turn blue and turn blue. We've got a com that. I've got a com that. We can't escape. You know, Russia's a boring, I can't make you any more. I can't make you any more. I can't make you any more. I can't make you any more. I can't make you any more. I can't make you any more. I can't make you any more. It's been had the brilliant back there, it asked me. I 19 at 560 WQ. I'm don't forget joined George tomorrow 2 to 4. At singular wireless at 2204 University Drive and Croll Spring Stoppye for prizes. The usual crap that we give away. And register when tickets for you and 10 of your friends to watch the soft load of baseball team play the tigers from the luxury the QM sky box. That's from 2 to 4 singular wireless and Croll Springs. What was the attendance last night? Anybody got a paper? Crap. Well, moment please. Yeah, look into paper and see what the attendance was at the soft load of baseball team. Where they got pounded by the regigant last night over there at P.P. Park. I'm just curious. Now, did a rain air last night or what? Cause I noticed the weather's been a little unsettled. Uh, not significantly. Oh, cause I'm looking for a convenient excuse before Miguel gives me the number. Anyway, I think I pulled. You didn't have any more suggestions for the poll, did you? I was wondering if we were going to put any more modern people on there like Ben Affleck. People like that. Ben Affleck would be fine. Ben Affleck would be fine. David, maybe I don't know. You know, you got to tell me if he's good looking or not. Yeah, he's okay, Matt Damon. Every time I see him, he looks a little bit better, you know? Matt Damon Ben Affleck. Those are two good ones. But we have an A suggestion from the audience? Nope. On the facts, or on the phone, of course, we're not taking any calls and Miguel's shoes. I'll have to want to start that business answering the phone. That's a pretty good start for the poll. And if you have any others, you can facts in 305. 650198, which great looking celebrity has or had, the least talent. We have to put the hat in front of the seas because if they're dead. Brad Pitt, Maryland, Monroe, Robert Wagner, Ted Hutter, Fabian, Jennifer Lopez, Brittany, Spiris, Rackel, Wells, Cracky, have a lawn James Dean, Ben Affleck, or Matt Damon. How could you say that Matt Ben Affleck and Matt Damon have the least talent? Do you think they're good actors? Not really, no. I think they're flat. But I know somebody that's supposed to be great looking, highly touted and has zero negative talent. And who's that? Keanu Reeves. Oh, yeah, he'd be good for the list, even though he makes me sick of my stomach. Oh, he's been in a couple of good movies. He's been playing that, but he played that ass murderer and that one movie. Right, but he wasn't good. I'll else was in that movie that they wound up killing him on a rooftop. He was trying to burn the broad, but remember the movie I'm talking about? No. Oh. Anyway, here's the big story in city like magazine. No DJ changed their life. I'm not really sure I know what that's supposed to mean. Why is that the headline on this story? I haven't even had any. I haven't even had any. I've never had any. I've never had any. Oh. Uh-huh. Newcomer, party 93, wages were power 96 over who has the most danceable music. Now, as clearance or anybody in the building that might have these numbers because the trans came in yesterday, and in spite of my predictions of Blumen doom, we continued astonishing the experts. Shocking, especially on a show. I don't want to shoot my own horn, but. We're number one, Dammit. And actually, went up, even though we dropped off that huge January and expectations were well, with all the problems that Greg Regreeds inflicted on us with a lack of promotion in the general internal upheaval. How could we possibly continue this amazing run? You know what I mean? I mean, what do you mean? Yeah. That you wanted number wise will get somebody to get it to us. Yeah. I'd like to see the 18 to 34 persons number overall. Not by day part, just the overall one Monday through Sunday, six to midnight. So I can have, you know, make some judgment before I start spouting off too much about because it looks to me based on the other ones I'm getting. I didn't get the 18 to 34 sent up here because those numbers have no, that's not our audience anyway. Anything else, or do you have everything else? I have everything else. And I'd like to point out by the way that, and I've said this before, 18 to 34, your male audience is the, and it probably all teens, especially, but forgetting about them is the most fickle of all the audiences. In other words, the most changeable. Something new comes along, radio, smegma, party radio and right away they're switching over. No switch it along. But based on what I'm seeing here in the other demographics, party has kind of level off and is now, you know, they had that big thrust in the beginning. And then all of a sudden it's, in fact, smegma seems to me lasted a lot longer than this is last. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney because they had a couple of big months in there, like in February and March after they debuted in January after TMI went off here and all those classical music people were bitching and carrying on and screaming and how are you going nuts? I want mine here. Like a bunch of little grown children. Like a bunch of people that couldn't go out and get a CD player by their own great CDs or pop their CDs in a car. Listen to it. I still don't understand that. Do you? Never will. If there's a kind of music, I can understand. I'll say it again at the risk of being repetitive but when you're talking for hours if you got them, they at least ten weeks a year. You're going to repeat yourself. And I've said it before I'll say it again right now, damn it. And that is if you're going to take a talk show off the year. If you're going to take a person out of your off the year, that's something because people can't replace that by pop and CDs or cassettes in their car in their house. But in particular kind of music, my God, we're like, These people are like in the dark ages. What are they thinking about? They're thinking they might have to go out and buy some CDs or they'll excuse me. Let me tell you right now, you're not going to get a good music listener to South Florida radio anyway. That's my opinion. I'm like this. You can go to the bank on ad. You're not going to hear any good music listening to your radio and South Florida FM. It's South Florida is the worst in the history of mankind. That's my opinion. I'm like this. I mean, if you're expecting to turn on your radio in a car, even in the house on your expensive stereo, on your little Sony Walkman and hear some good music that you might actually want to hear again, forget about it because South Florida is a music cesspool. What was that? Oh, that was some party music. Oh, from that commercial. I don't have the roots still here, but I'm not going to play it to them. I'm sick of the root already. Enough with the root. And by the way, Disney, I could have brought you back a lot of good stuff from Amsterdam. Music, you'll be playing it about six months to a year, but I'm not giving you nothing. Okay, because go, go, go, go, go. Now Putin away, Spaskin. You won't spend the next month. They're next trend it's going to be on the road down. And power. I'm not going to defend power. It's like defending the defenseless. But anyway, can I read this article or not? Okay, pretty lengthy. I would as Dan Throodogod. See, I always said I'm going to play a lot of bits, and then I went up talking and just tear my throat up, but then I have the whole weekend to heel it up and the throat too. No DJ changed their life right today of warm in shitty Link magazine. New come are party 93. 93 rages war with power 96 over who has the most danceable music and then it goes into the thing about the lawsuit that the Greg read and Beesley filed against a cox and party and I look I'm not a part I'm not a party to it if you've part that expression I'm not involved. I don't represent this company, and so I'm I just express my own opinions And I don't want to like pee on Greg reads parade anymore than usual, but it seems to me as usual Maybe I shouldn't say this you know because it involves pending litigation And you'd be the last one to comment on that, but it just seems ridiculous I mean cuz we get pen out of shape because they're picking on us and we're gonna sue them You know pick on us all you want like I and Z it even says in the article about that Well, I'll read the article in a second after we do the break cuz it's it's too long I don't want to interrupt it very important because the fact that the matter is nobody got there Retreaty like magazine the first place and Eric you can go ahead and put that poll up now because it's obvious We're not gonna get any more selections on this from the audience from our fine involved audience out there You think I don't think maybe here's one on two hello Oh, I sure have missed that you know and by the way Tom jica. I'm glad I punched that line up just for you little Tommy Who was right in all of that crap about well the Rogers now would have to phone calls and Take it up all that time reading newspaper magazine articles that he could be using carping about the soft Florida scene and Carping about this and Carping on it and not taking those wonderful phone calls just like the one I just gave you there for example Hey Tom stick it baby You know already off they stuck it way up in there. You beneath your colon, okay? 926 at your happy station 560 QAM here some great news for soft Florida fast-brain An ounces the opening of its brand new campus in Kindle if you're considering a brand new high-pain career There is no time like now to check this out call fast-trained 86 fast-trained Fast-trained new campuses located right across Miami Community College Kendall campus Microsoft certified instructors are waiting for there. There no payments for a four-year that deals waiting for you 2 there's a full-time job placement staff that got convenient day night weekend classes at now for you a brand new candle campus Call fast-trained at that toll free number gets yourself on a road to a serious Occupac making some big bucks call 86 fast-trained They are for convenient locations now and date browets of fast-trained gut location gotta be nearby you check them out on the web at fast-trained I'll come in a call at that toll free number 1 866 fast-trained be sure and tell them that Todd Dreck told you to call fast-trained can have you certified and ready for that brand new career In those four months don't delay pick up that phone call fast-trained today at one 86 fast-trained don't forget there's a fact Whereas there is no loyalator held You'll run 100 Not which on a The light and I don't care how much you wait You can relax and sail day Cause I'm a joy love you Just like a diver under the ocean So, I'm terrified it hard to get some hair Oh, but sit back and enjoy The food and motion Just imagine to yourself that my children You're rocking chair Just steal my face Just steal my face Just steal my face to face to face Just steal my face to face to face Wrap your legs are real tight Like you're riding in the road you So I can't hear the radio And I'll show my gratitude We can do it all night Then maybe you could turn around And you could work your way on down And if my flyway down to do whatever you choose Cause I got a diver under the ocean So, I'm terrified it hard to get some hair Oh, but sit back and enjoy The food and motion Just imagine to yourself that my children You're rocking chair Just steal my face Oh, right Just steal my face Okay Just sit on my face to face Just sit on my face to face 9.32 or 5.60 WQM happy Friday to you So, here's a facts with two suggestions Sandra Bullock and Tom Cruise Now, put him on the list because I can see where this person is coming from But I happen to like Sandra Bullock a lot And you select Tom Cruise until he became a total asshole Yeah, he's got a point bad actor Huh? I wouldn't call him a bad actor No, he was good in rain man He was good in what we try to want to get to that thing a few good men again He was good in that and then full-born on the 4th of July he said was good Yes Top run Like I said So I put them on your Sandra Bullock and Tom Cruise because they list I guess we can keep expanding it because it doesn't look like Eric's and any hurry to make the list on there I'm not trying to be pushy because I always got thousands of people who are the locks And the handwritten one I understand that he's a very busy this morning They had a special at Burger King on those bright those course sandwiches with bacon and cheese And also the guy that facts me this says Neil if you had a job offer in Vancouver British Columbia would you leave my amy This is I had that looking me in the face well I'd look right off the window and say when do I start packing is what I would do you kidding me I've never been in Vancouver, but boy, I hear it's a great place. That's what I heard very progressive great weather didn't have the awful winners, you know Great radio Great radio that's why I go there. I go to listen to the radio Great hockey games on the CDC One more to help. Could you want even though nobody cares about hockey? I heard mode talking about that again this morning And south of the border he's right about that US is not the it's just not hockey country. Sorry And as far as these playoff this year the rest of them no interest couldn't care less Anyway, can I get to this article please? I'm never gonna get this in we could get this going to love it a clock this morning No DJ changed their life Mike Disney is relishing his role as underdog and its rather obvious it says were a start-ups as the general manager and vice president of party 93 93.1 FM Where the new kids on the block they're the bully he says Did you ever think of kid Korea as being the bully? Well, have you ever seen him mad? No, not really have you no The alleged bully to whom Disney does not power his power 96 96.5 FM software desktop dance station and the victim of a fierce marketing campaign Designed by party 93 WPYM your derrude station for the new sent millennium Since replacing the Arizona Classical Station WTMI about five months ago party 93 has chipped away at power's audience Owing a portion of its success to the controversial promotional campaign that's led to a five-billion dollar slander lawsuit The campaign is attacked power 96 WPO W on a couple of fronts the least controversial of which is powers brooding Rep heavy brand of dance music or as One of the many testimonials on parties website calls it all that childish hip hop roll crap I think that's a bit way to describe it, don't you? That that's what power that's what power 96 plays is a lot of childish hip hop World crap that I think that sums it up perfectly. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. Oh party on the other hand is the musical equivalent of a fedra Afidra which we looked it up this mark as neither Georgia or I knew what that was. It's a stimulant like a weed. You know like the wicked weed. It's a stimulant like plant Get your hop up The station which doesn't feature on air DJ's plays pure high energy dance music listening to it is like being trapped in a night on the Rattaroxbury a brief sample of the stations playlist Vizard love triangle new order can't fight the moonlight Lee and rhymes and I sell the plain Lee and rhymes I'm so sorry the remix and I see right through you. I'll be rich in DJ on core We do play a lot of different type of music businesses, but musical differences have become a sideline in this dispute What is driven power 96 to litigation is the segment of parties campaign that's taken great pleasure and Reporting how many commercials power 96 airs in an hour the space between songs and party is typically filled with statements like We just cut them playing 20 commercials in a row or party is now committed to more than more than six commercials per hour power Who knows they play 10 12 18 20? Power says those plans and others are false but the truth is that taunting still might not have driven the stations hierarchy to seek legal Reckorbeation had party not the defective in stealing listeners as Dip Disney happily notes with exploded other box There are not many startups like this anywhere in a country. It's a very gratifying beginning to say to least I might just interject in that this That you're wrong about that didn't radio smectn by do exactly the same thing like in the second month The same exactly the same when zooming up there was new. Well, I was old music was old disco crap, but it was a new format and everybody got all whipped up to shape and all the queens on south beach got all if they came to trendy thing and then You know, it's down the toilet again, and it's just proud it's own niche of old burned out people who like Casey and the sunshine band You know and the same thing's gonna happen with party. It's already begun Has anybody got those 18 to 34 numbers just supposed to be facts in here or not? We're working on it. I see Speaking of numbers. It says the numbers making Disney so giddy came by a arbitrans winner audience survey released in early May Of course now we have the next trend the one for April Which kind of makes it a little less significant? It says according to the survey and they see you people at the shitty length magazine You don't get it. They all these publications that don't understand our business They always quote these 12 plus numbers nobody cares about 12 plus that's the whole audience Nobody cares about that number Because it includes people over the age of a hundred And then they just don't get that Advertisers don't buy 12 plus People in the business don't pay an attention to 12 plus people don't know what they're writing about like they've wore a machidian like magazine He quotes 12 plus And he goes on about this it says what the these numbers tell me is that South Florida market was screaming for this type of station Does he says there's screaming for it and the music too? What a apparently told power 96 whose program director kids scurvy didn't return phone calls for this story was to sue When it doubt sue that's my opinion. I'm like this right on April 12 power 96 owner Beasley read acquisitions. I can glamour based in Delaware Suve party 93 on her cox radio and Kay large conglomerate based in Georgia in date County circuit court in the words of Cox's lawyers And I'll see that they've got in a case got this wrong too He's got the backwards it should be in the words of Beasley lawyers Party through the use of defamatory and slanderist commercials his misrepresented Statements and the advertisements has represented customer sponsors listeners and advertisers of power that power plays more commercials than they actually play That power employees tricks to get and keep their listeners that the employees at power our old tricksters Which in I'd say if anybody looks like an old trickster. It's kid curry Which in fact they're all false statements now seeing here again. He's got a grotesque error wasn't Cox's lawyers said that It was the Beasley lawyers said that where do ones at file the suit you bozo? They've not so hot forget about Dave warm. Dave Luke warm We have these numbers by the way. Well, just just send them to me. Okay the whole thing Just just the first page. I'm sure that power and PYM are both on the first page 18 to 34 and if not what we wish no time talking about this for Right, yes, they are Party has misrepresented these facts in knowingly and intentionally try to or in order to try to boost interest in their radio station And order to lure customer sponsors listeners and revenue from powers as the lawsuit by Beasley With some fancy addition the whole mess adds up to more than five million dollars in damages The sum thrills Disney whose tears listeners to party's website to read documents from the lawsuit among the court papers Posted as an affidavit from a party program director Philip Trubo who swears. I have recordings of WPO W playing as many as 28 commercials in a one-hour period The website's current message reads in junction denied referring to powers that tempt have a judge Stop the promotions while the lawsuit continues Boy, we sure our child is should be Sly Arway. We just can't take it Despite his enthusiasm about the attention of the suit is broadestation Disney crafts only one statement regarding its details They accuse us of trying to get listeners and advertisers. He says hello. That's what we do in this business And I have to agree for once in my life with Mike Disney. That's what's supposed to be doing. It's trying to get listeners and advertisers That's what it's all about But that but not all our incomplete agreement. It's not unheard of but it not comments his run-out regas editor and chief of California based R&R online the radio industry's largest trade publication It's not like you can go in any market and find one station trash talking another But if they competitive South Florida market you can another example is WINZ which is launch day less obvious attack Local talkly the WQAM these leave eat also loans QAM a fox sports affiliate that airs mostly national shows WINZ uses promos to take jabs at QAM personalities and Goldberg and Eorangers the obvious difference between these promos and Parties is WINZ don't make any material claim about business practices and listeners don't seem to give a damn WINZ was barely on the charts during the last rating period Well WQM drew a 2.8 share again at 12 plus is meaning we had big numbers or accounts They are invisible in fact in this latest trend WINZ has embarrassed the industry chief channel you've done it fractions. They don't crack a wondering any day part. Let's hear it. Oh Certainly you hope in this industry a station will take the high road and rely us in old its own strengths as Pete eulainus Directively Connecticut's sullough broadcasting and David How you don't Pete If they don't there's always the legal road although Rodriguez Kairmar to last lawsuit became across in 15 years as editor and R&R online Not to say for sure it doesn't happen, but I've never heard of radio stations swimming another radio station over advertising claims He says It's yet another reason for party 93 to glow yet another reason for Disney to relish his role as underdog Despite the fact that his boss also owns 99 jams hot 105 in a coast Oh look at that right yellow like neon When you see that a competitor is vulnerable you attack these vulnerable these by putting out the differences between the two stations Then he says we're not the market leader This is a very successful strategy says old moustache. Oh Disney. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney 942 at 560 your friendly station WQAM summer times of pineya baby On days when it's not pouring cats and dogs it's 110 degrees in the shade and from what everybody says It's gonna be brutal the summer, but all you might as a great product Tell the hobby of your best to keep in good health help you survive the suffering south for the summers All you might as a soft gel capsule it contains the best olive oil on the face of the globe And we all know the great things that olive oil can do for us in us honest underneath this It contains olive oil along with vitamins and minerals and rules to vote health for all different parts of your body for your prostate for your heart for your blood pressure for your cholesterol all you might also got supplements to promote health in your circle the tourist system your digestive your inner Consisting your skin and bones even your mind as well I'll using the benefits like I said only moments ago the best olive oil that money can buy and all you might's got products is I'm sure you know by now for men and for ladies as well All you might's available at Walgreens whole food markets tomorrow from a sea in Sedanos If you want to get more info on your products how they work and what they be doing call them toll free the lines of your questions one eight six six o'r yo mad that's eight six six o'r yo MED we're in order to their products right off their website You're seeing one Tonight Okay, we have a little communication problem where I thought that was gonna be the rejoins what you said I said it was not gonna be the rejoin. Oh, I didn't hear the a nod. Well, we're having a little problem here today Little communication problem as Miguel refuses to speak English See we would never and that's a welcome crap going on we'd never had these problems if we had the rejoins well Like standard we didn't have some of these trickery joins that they stick in their house like the money you just play there Would sometimes that to be joined in this time was not it was not that's my fault So I think I just said a record here twice in one hour premature valuation on the start in the BELC The loser channel presents trading just races this week See how Jennifer and John react when they see what our fat balding a feminine designer did to their TV room Oh, but you're I Well, we do 10,000 cotton ball all died very shades of lime green and it hear them to the wall with a glue gun Fabulous TV room it's hideous and Where the hell's my TV? Oh that that'll think we had to spell that's paper cotton ball budget Trading just races it's what you get when you let your dopey neighbors and off on guard designers Muck around in your home for two days and wait till you see what the hot blonde designer did to Allen and Theresa's kitchen Okay, so go look What have you done to our my hugging in cabinets? Oh we glued on aluminum foil to give them a retro modern metallic look What about our refrigerator? Well, I just didn't think that the fridge fit in with the whole kitchen and cons Trading just races every night every afternoon all day every week on TLC Not a loser channel five sixty W to QA and blots had everybody stepping all over each other today I guess it's all me and I'm a little under the weather. That a good excuse sure we'll take it. Okay See I'm a little bit distraught also about the fact that we're not on that that one day Whatever day that was I guess was Tuesday because that's what I wanted to show it sounded like we're in the same studio right And it really was a little bit too good I guess and we had a little bit of a dropout there now We got rid of the dropouts. They don't have that anymore, but we had that little I don't know just not quite the same you know No, but apparently we can't have that without the dropouts. That was the trade-off. I see Well, nothing life is perfect and look at the power ninety six. They're here to prove it This this is really very inconclusive. You just facts me because if you don't have the monthlys it doesn't mean anything Right right Because in a winter book which was January February and March Power 96 was second and 18 to 34 persons with an I-point one share EDR by the way kicks everybody's ass Because it's you know all the sparks is put down EDR I guess or how 105 What else are they gonna put down they put us down? No, I don't think so EDR had a 14-point one share and a book power was second with the 9-point one and PYM party radio was third with a 7-point five In the latest trend, which is February March and April EDR goes all the way up to a 14-point seven Which they're playing that row slam a jam a whatever the hip hop crap Power is second still but down to an eight five down about six tenths of a point and PYM also drops down from a 75 to a 7-4 which may not seem all that Inclusive but all the putting it with a monthly is where it looks to be like powers PYM is heading in a wrong direction see what I'm saying yes Like they peek real fact with that stuff which it's the kind of music you'd expect would be you know make a quick splash and then Like let alone back in the middle of the pack I mean how many times can you hear that it all sounds the same? I don't care how good the songs are I don't care how much you like them, but they all sound the same Y100 one up actually six one to with six six so maybe power didn't lose because based on this if you just look at the actual flat numbers without the monthly Yeah power didn't really lose any audience to a PYM based on this maybe they all asked it to Y100 or EDR I don't think so well could be I don't know you think that the kids are listening to a powerless needy are they both play rap Do they not look a lot on the street corner ass? They both play that slamma jam a wrap in crap and no whatever that stuff is we'll go take an instant survey Or right out there on a corner of Iv's Dury in 441 No, thank you and take yourself a little pool right there by Chuck's in the sub center. How's everybody Chuck doing? How did he know lately? Boy, I'll get some food from Chuck today. Would be a good idea for you Here's our schedule for today got the mad dog Jim Madditch at Hooters at one o'clock doing a show live from there And then a three we got the U.N. baseball team against defying you to regional's from U of F And the beast is on his way up there right out by the way beast I heard you suck at the gackies ass on the morning show this morning You are Shameless man. I know you're really jones and bad for that number two spot on that to play by play thing Would you gackies so you're kissing his ass, but that was just shameless I think even Mo was put off by that. You know this even most aren't a call Joseph Come and do sing if you don't understand. Nice going mo. Yeah. He's catching on You said if you want to take a good along nap You could do it right in the back of the car with a beast on the web to gain villain and you could listen to the broadcast with the gackie I think most aren't the catch on in spite of all our judges aggravating comments So anyway, we got the eregions from so hands got today off today good for him Then we got the pregame show for the uh soft load of baseball team the professional team 630 and The game at 705 against the met sport. It should be a hell of a crowd for that tonight about two thirds of them Did you ever find me the attendance from my yesterday's game? Miguel 51 40. Oh And more made another good point yesterday, which is shocking and that is the WNBA What's the name of that team the a dive basketball? You got me one Miguel should know Well, what come on the WNBA team the ladies basketball the soul On Wednesday night they had 9,000 people The same night the south Florida baseball team had 7,000 And then last night 6,100 is that pathetic or what? tragic Any k after the baseball game in the dirty boys join mark overnight So these ratings that came out yesterday the trends I won't boy with them, but the fact of the matter is that We actually went up and many team plus on a show From an eight two to an eight four which means like in men 25 54 Got only knows what kind of number we could be throwing in there. You know and how do we do that? How could we possibly have done that since we're not taking all those nifty calls the time jick and So much and since I'm out of touch with what's happening in south Florida and I'll say it again Every single time that I talked to anybody on the phone down there and not even on the phone right now I talked to Miguel and George what's going on down there that missing nothing see That's the response it's always the same button tornadoes Yeah, like I need to be in the middle of wondering all that does one going on I got CNN right here and I also got the weather channel to give us all that crap Bull how can he keep in touch? How can he stay in touch from Toronto and Amsterdam touch this time? You'd bolt headed geek you jackass Man, are you with silly person or what and the other thing about well he's ready if I read any articles today Didn't read the one from shitty link and if I had more of a voice I would read a whole bunch of other ones Which I got a pile here and I probably will have to get to All of it at Eric put down the breakfast burrito after I embarrassed him. He had a breakfast burrito at one hand And the croissants which would bake it in cheese no egg in the other hand and With his nose he pecked out the information on the website nice going Eric the nose nose What's the yet he's got two question marks there at the end? Why see didn't know the last two Sandra J. Bullock in the Tom Cruise Isn't that what he's looking for? Yes, he didn't get those no okay, so he's filling it out now. Oh my god For I don't know this is a tough one. I guess Brittany okay That's my choice. Yeah, I mean she looks sensational couldn't sing her out of a paper sack if you stock a gun deep inside or back home or something else She's still couldn't sing So that the air is getting that thing together. You can vote on Aaron's rips somebody an ass What we like to do it on his show a lot? Don't we like Joseph Gaggy for example? Yeah, beast I can really have shamed it you the beast is lost about 30 pounds on balance for life Or problem for that, but a lot of our pride just vanished this morning here in him shamelessly suck around Joseph Gaggy Because he wants that that would be like guilty suck it up to the Panther organization because he wants Jigs McDonald job Don't play by plan or radio that would be kind of like the same thing wouldn't it? And covering up the the scandal that's gone on in South Florida with that team and how they've dismembered it and dismantled it and just the ball did and Declotted to the point where it's like a laughing stock of all professional sports for there's nothing left The youngsters in the organization and all that other crap back to that again I was thinking the other day not that I want to get hockey intensive because I know that'll lose whatever audience We got left But the fact that the matter is can you imagine a team that you could put together with a just with the players that the Panther organization has discarded in the last few years What a team you could put together, baby, and all start team? I Just mention that in passing not to be a bad guy Chandra's murder could be sex crime DC police say Police are investigating the possibility that Chandra leavey was sexually assaulted before she was killed law enforcement sources told the New York Post last night The new line of inquiries prompted by an examination of leavey's spandex leggings That were found their her skeletal remains in Washington's rock Creek Park last week Police sources said the leggings were found inside out and not at on both ends of each leg Because no bone matter was discovered inside the leggings police theorized that they were removed and used to restrain her before she died If someone just wanted a killer they wouldn't have removed the leggings said former FBI Profiler Cliff and Zant The other working theory that you could have with this is that they pulled up or pulled off by some of the wanted to make it look like a sexual assault fan San added The DC medical examiner's office which wrote earlier this week that the 24-year-old leavey was murdered is not found any traces of blood or semen on the former intern's clothing found of the scene Although the ends are being sent to the FBI labs for further analysis when we know the FBI don't make mistakes Police sources said the sex crime angle is just one theory being pursued by Detective seeking to unravel the 13-month-long mystery Unable to explain why leavey was discovered at such a remote location the part police are also looking into whether somebody she knew Lord who are there Anybody in mind any thoughts? Oh, couple Because I got news for like I said the other day if Gary and involved nobody cares 9.56 at 5.60 QAM Tom layman likes it he likes the listeners that this program he loves this show He loves me. He even likes George a little bit. That's why Tom created the Neil deal at Hallett Save big dollars in all pony xmgm season stock just mentioned you heard about it right here on the Infamous Neil Rogers show stop by Hallett pony act GMC at 134.01 South Tixie Highway that's in the same great location They've been for 35 years right there on US one right across the street from the falls where every vehicle is marked with the lowest price But if you mention the Rogers deal you'll save even more Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs including the envoy voted by motor trend as the SUV of the year plus Be sure and see if you all see I got to throw those in there because other by time feels left out See the all new vibe SUV. It's got the power of a sports car at a fraction of the price Hallett's also got an unbeatable selection of dependable quality pre-owned cars trucks in SUVs never were a single Lemon on the lot at Hallett and if you've been turned on for credit by any other Schmuck out there in radio land have no fear because at Hallett they'll take good care We make sure they work out a deal get the Neil Rogers deal right now at Hallett pony act GMC will find them in 134.01 South Tixie Highway that's US one across from the falls open every day of your life Seven days a week you can call him a 305 238 40 40 305 238 40 40 They're unbeatable Hallett pony act GMC Live from Hooters in Pemberg Pines It's Friday you best in perhaps one of the most interesting words in the English language today as the word F*** out of all of the English words that begin with a letter F Because the only word that is referred to as the F word It's the one magical word just by a sound can describe pain pleasure, hate and love As most words in the English language is derived from German the word Really can which means to strike in English F*** falls into many grammatical categories as a transit of verb for instance John F*** surely His meaning is not always sexual it can be used as an adjective such as John's doing all the f*** work As part of an adverb Shirley talks to f***ing much As an adverb enhancing an adjective Shirley is f***ing beautiful As a noun I don't give a f*** As part of a word absolutely or in f*** incredible And as almost every word in a sentence F*** the f***ing f***ers As you must realize there aren't too many words with the verse of television f*** As in these examples describing situations such as fraud I got f***ed that they used carolot This may off f*** it Trouble I guess I'm really f***ing now Aggression don't f*** with me buddy This missile why don't you go outside and play hide and go f*** yourself I'm sure you can think of many more examples Say it loudly and proudly F*** you Then back at your 10-01 at 5-60 WQM happy Friday too We got a smattering of votes to the polls up there already Which great looking celebrity has or had the least amount of talent Brittany is winning hands down your pants She's got six of the first love and votes Fabian with one Jennifer Lopez one Marilyn Monroe, Kiana Reeves and Tom Cruise with one And nobody for anybody else but this only love votes on her so far Are we on a year by the way? I'm just asking that you know I get to feeling this like a dry run today. I could be wrong about baby See if kids curry was a good buddy or maybe they're not really taking it so bad Then they would send us over the monthly so we could see what they really meant about the A party versus power controversy going on there But then we probably put material on the air that would like be relevant to the big lawsuit going on And we sure wouldn't want to do that will we? No, no We don't want to get involved and I sure is how the one I will go to testify Like I said in the last hour I have no opinion on it the whole thing I think it's a wonderful lawsuit and I have no opinion on it and good luck to all parties involved Oh, so in the said party Palm Beach post has got a story this morning Dicies hit $400,000 in bezelman from the public blackhead and at Palm Beach Dicies they seem to be having a special problem, you know For nearly a decade the dicey's of Palm Beach failed to tell church members and top lay leaders Then a trusted financial manager and bezel 400,000 dollars and blew some of the money on a sport fishing boat and a Rolex watch All right The cover up in the early 1990s allowed the alleged swindler Robert Chattie Colanda job as chief financial officer of the Jewish community center Oy In suburban West Palm Beach, which is now a mesh in a financial scandal of its own Former Bishop Jake heat Simon's that's one of the epitaphos Worked out a deal with Chattie that called for him to quietly repay the church $200 a month of payment plan that would have spent more than a century as As part of the deal the dicey's did not report the missing money to law enforcement authorities Even when Chattie stopped making payments he hasn't made one in more than seven years Church officials never called prosecutors The deal might have remained a secret at Chattie not thought with his former wife over child support payments Furious and a judge is refusal before Syracuse husband to make a child support payments Dali and caught when public with the tales of his problems forcing the dicey's his hand I think they should have been pursuing him to pay what he rightfully owes the Catholic people upon beach cuts said They keep lying they're hiding things they don't want the public humiliation The revelations further stoked discontent among local Catholic lay atty already in sense by the national church sex scandal Some a long time benefit is led by attorney Edward Ricci have threatened to withhold contributions Unless the church becomes more forthcoming As a fundraiser for the dicey sits the kind of thing that makes my hair crawl Ricci said maybe his skin too even Even long time church finance committee member Phil Lewis who also chairs a special laypan looking into allegations of sexual misconduct by local priest was disturbed by the secrecy Honestly don't know what happened Lewis said all I know is it did happen he left I don't know if he resigned or was fired at with it was improper they should have told us the church must quit keeping such news from the public Lewis said By choosing to have our offensive to the dicey's allowed shatty to get jobs with a Jewish Federation of Palm Beach County and at the jacc 31 51 North Military Trail Now the little cover up there in Palm Beach We're a scandal of day keeps their credibility away. I guess is the best way to put it Where did these got 11 Fabians got three see to probably a lot of names on this pool today old yeah But the fact of the matter is that back in those days there were a lot of people Maybe Elvis should have been on list. What do you think? My gals had just did that Well, why didn't he suggest it on a year so I could have heard it. I don't know. I told him hey say that on the air Don't you think Elvis should belong on there? Yeah, let's put Elvis on here come on Elvis Presley I'm not saying that he didn't have talent that would be getting a little bit carried away I can't really make up my mind about him just like I can't make up my mind about the early Beatles music I have made up my mind and they did suck but you got to take it in context What does that mean? It was way better than anything else around at the time that all it was not well it was better than the beach boys Okay, it was better than it was better than Motown okay You got me uh huh It was on see I played I played those songs on a year mr music I was putting the fact of the matter is that the early Beatles songs like please please me yeah I have it a relay walk ability all that stupid crap that was going on around that from from media you that was horrible stuff I mean that was bad bad music They made later on it's not very debatable that they made tons of great music. I don't I love that But the early Beatles music was just pure direct garbage Which I guess you know was a good attention get her and made them famous and made them in demand but boy it was it was crap Warnings about missiles this from newsday. I'm gonna have to start playing a lot of bits like I threatened to Cause today is um Even I got like more voice days to flame come back up. They see a coffin choke a lot Purple jackpot Love it hey don't kid yourself the audience loves this they like no it's CS and mcrow the enjoy here in my misery Although I feel pretty good. I just got this crap in my throat anybody where I've been a crap in your throat The FBI's warning police. Of course the FBI now is on such on the defensive they're warning about like birds crap And from the sky and it could be like a terrorist attack The FBI's warning police to be on lookout for a possible attack against US commercial airliner's by terrorist wielding Surface to wear missiles even though the bureau emphasized it has no specific threat of such an attack. Have you heard this one? I'm listening Also getting the monthlys. Oh, you are getting the monthlys. Thank you man. That's gonna be pretty revealing mr. Disney That could be a little more because it looks to me. I could be wrong, but at first blush it looks to be like they already shot their load In the first couple of months and now are like back that's my opinion. I'm like doesn't honor road immediately awkward either And he's full of crap about this very rarely happens it always happens with some new Revolutionary package music format like that as soon as it hits a different market it goes through the roof at a beginning for a Usually longer than this And then it starts to come right back there with real fast Adding to recent warnings that transit systems of apartment buildings in New York City landmarks could be terror targets Government officials now say they believe how cut operatives may have access to shoulder fired missiles powerful enough to knock a commercial jet out of the sky mainly during takeoff or landing The FBI Issued the warning after discovery of a spent Russian made surface to wear missile firing tube near the runway of a key west air base in Saudi Arabia about a month ago Indication someone apparently talking to the US military plane there The front cap of the tube remained intact, but the back end was charred Making it unclear if a missile was fired in the system malfunction the Pentagon said none of its pilots have print salt in their base reported coming under farer recent weeks So in other words, it's just more hoax-pocus and covering their ass. So what are the monthlys look? Number one WDR Number two power. Well wait a minute. Oh, this is you got a break it down Are you gonna facts this to me so I can actually look at it. It should be in your hand right now. Well, it's not It's not anything it says while waiting for that facts to cross the wire folks Where these got 12 canter reefs five Fabian for Jennifer Lopez three Ben Affleck and Reck Hell well, so I don't I don't know how you can say that about Ben Affleck You don't think he's a good actor. He's fine. He's just a little flat nothing Great nothing dramatic about him. He just kind of his there Hey, he's also not that good looking. I mean he looks okay. I would mind looking like him, but he's not he's not spectacular His performance and his look to me is just generic In other words, you should be able to relate to him kind of bland is the way I look exactly bland like George Okay, here's the Look at this this is very I've never had one of these it looked like this before we ever see one I look like this. No, this is the ones that we get from Tanner. I see in other words. This is the inside stuff Okay, let's see March oh here we are Well, we're gonna hell are they power in January they had a 10.4 share what demos is 18 to 34 person right February 9 3 March a 7.0 but an April back up to when I in two like I said say yep Is this isn't laying on the ears it is to me doing it not fun oh I Don't see where party radio is on here He why yeah, here is fourth here it is they had a six two in January and 89 in February a 7.2 in March and down to a six point two in April So it looks like the slide is already beginning that's my opinion. I'm like Disney see what I'm saying They're on the downside of the hump That's right. They they peeked there in February was a big new innovative thing and they carried it over Even though they dropped the point more than a point and a half in March so for between February and March They've dropped almost three points With their big party smarty party hardy You know All sound of the same music and don't give me wrong. I like some of that music, but You've had it, is the I think you're you know And as far as all all the you know the shock of well attacking power in your plan all these spots I think that we're off already you know it was a novel thing in the beginning if anything Yeah, people are turning into they're actually sitting there and listening for an entire hour so they can count the spots right Oh you lied this they only played 14 spots in the sour not 20 You lied they only played 12 not the 18 So that's a good idea for all you music people out there They don't listen to us religiously for hours every day which pisses me off by the way, but if you don't and you want to listen some music at least The rest of the day what you can do is you can turn on power and listen for an entire hour to time instead of pushing buttons and count the spots and hour of power and Our Put on a nail 10 on sports radio 5 60 You a m hey baby. I'm gonna use you as a sex toy All right Oh Think Yeah I mean this may come as a shock, but I was just thinking about Britney's breasts, which you know that shouldn't It shouldn't inspire me, but I keep thinking about that picture that you can't see because you don't have this weeks in Quarera the June 4th issue Which I don't want to rub it in but believe me and it's she's not naked or anything in there, but I mean you can see enough that it's To the lead so I'm gonna change the pool already all right have I ever changed the pool as fast before I don't think so For Eric he's probably really pork dog now. I keep probably went out to brunch. Don't say pork dog Which you're great looking here's the end of the pool from already this morning Great looking celebrity has or had the Elise amount of talent Brittany wins hands down your pants You waste 22. Well, I'm farting so bad here. You have no idea If you ever noticed that when you have like the flu or a cold or you're like ill and little bit Yes, that that's when you cut the worst. I mean the rank is died I don't want to get to grow test kill on a ear, but it's it's grossing me out. Okay, god Ready 22 Kiano Reeves 10 Fabian 7 Marilyn Monroe 6 Rack Hell Welsh in Jennifer Lopez for a piece Brad Pitt and Ben F like three of piece Tom Cruise appear Robert Wagner one Frankie have a lot of one James Dean one mad Damon one And is that it now? Tab 100 none and Sandra J Bullock none. I was pressly none. See how this wasn't gonna get none. Nobody thinks you didn't have any talent Why'd you put that on there Miguel? All right wait till you hear wait till you hear this pool I think I may have just did the jackpot And this one is also here's a facts from Rich and Del Rey Would you please read the article from the Palm Beach post about the radio talk show host who defended himself and court against one of his callers? I got that right here's a matter of fact rich don't get pushy. I'll get to it about Dickie Farkle did you see this? No, I did not Is that reason why you know Amazingly enough. I'm always poop pooling the Palm Beach post a lot of peas in that Poop who to Palm Beach post but but the fact of the matter is there a lot of stories like that one about that $400,000 theft that was covered up And it helped the guy get jobs. You know he was paying a back like 15 cents a year for the rest of his life Find a lot of things in a Palm Beach post that you won't find in the other two crap rags down there and sell photos So I just mentioned that not that we want to salute the Palm Beach post because they're owned by Cox Does that tell you everything you didn't know Because one thing just like the Atlanta URL constitution if it's owned by Cox It's probably a pretty crap. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney anyway We'll get to in a second rich come down now here. How do you like this pool? I'm thinking we've ever done this before maybe you have because you're so perverted and sick of disgusting and sexually oriented Which of these couples? Would you pay a hundred dollars to see in a sex flick? That's a good one. I know we have not done that and you know the first one I got here But in Justin Not Justin. No, this is a fantasy thing. We could not gonna say any of these people know this ball Britney Spears and Tom Welling All right, and the name of the movie could be super If Go to that would be great. I'd pay a hundred dollars. It would I pay a lot more net to be a super flick. I guarantee that Man, how are you pretty good again? Which of these couples would you pay a hundred dollars to see in a sex flick? Britney Spears in Tom Welling and I'll leave the rest of them all up to you folks But I think that's a great start. It's gonna be hard. It's gonna be very hard. In fact, it's getting a little bit hard already even in my ill condition Just the top that, huh? Yeah, hard can't and Brittany Can you imagine how much money? I say I don't want to get into real Because those people eventually during a course of their careers. They make a lot of money anyway They're not hard up for cash, but can you imagine and of course Brittany being the good Christian girl that she is she probably my girlfriend something like that Because she seems to be re-billing against her Christian upbringing by doing all this crap Which basically is just a scam to make a lot of money and doing very well by the way. Thank you Do you have any ideas yourself or should we just let the audience come up with them? Unthinking about it. I got lots of girls in mind, but I don't know who I want to match them up with Well, if you match them up don't put them in like saying Justin think her bell. Nobody wants to see Justin think her bell haven't sex even with himself Okay, nobody wants to see that. No, that's the top part. I got to find somebody that doesn't I can't add a hair stop it at homophobic that up. I super speak mr. Module. I don't know I totally got what I'm standing. I don't want to touch some women that have touched certain guys Yeah, see what I'm going. No, I don't so the guy has to be at least Not a fence in other words like Tom Willing is none of fence it. Yeah, you can say that again You got people like you know attractive women, but some of them have had sex with Tommy Lee Do you know what I'm saying? How about Pamela Lee? I know you can't stand it, but so if you think she belongs on list what set that blackheaded kid that I can ever think of his name? Billy what's his name blackheaded kid the one from Baywatch that's on the soap opera on guided on a general hospital I can never think of his name now. What do we call her do we call her Pamela Anderson? I guess she's back to that yeah Pamela Anderson and Billy Somebody will have I I'm sorry that I keep doing this to the audience all the time because I just I've got a mental block on his name I know what he looks like but I can't think of what his name is because of the W I think Billy something Don't okay, so get those faches in here I think is now maybe this will go over like a lead balloon maybe won't get any response maybe we've got nobody listen out there It's certainly possible after that horrible poll you took yesterday about insist with your twin sister or whatever What am I given the number of for what you can call them into Miguel he'll take some of these Blody Especially after putting an elbas on that list before that that was a low blowman. That was brutal. That was bad 560 pound 560 on a AT&T line which couple would you pay a hundred dollars to see in a sex flick We got Britney Spears and Tom Welling Pamela Anderson and Billy what's his name? From Baywatch and Miguel will he'll jot them down and you can also fax 305 6500198 and rather than waste our time You sending me the fact is you just read him to me. How's that all right here's that story? That our buddy Rich and Del Rey wanted me to read insisted that we'd now hit it. It was in my pile just come down rich It took a jury just 25 minutes to decide that talk show host Dickie Ferrell did not the fame retired teacher Larry Ferrarra and on air comments Dickie Ferrell by the way one of the most objectionable human beings I've ever encountered in my life worked at Wildy very briefly at nights And I had to work with it. Oh, you did. Oh, yeah, God and his whole you know just like a lot of these people who come into this market What's their first thing going to be they're going to be the anti-neil are gonna rip me in ass That's gonna make him really famous and then everybody's gonna tune in and of course it always has the opposite effect So to sell up Dickie Farrell he's an asshole Ferrell. I conservative commentator WPBR 1340 estate. It's got about 17 watts put his head in his arms and silently weft after the verdict yesterday he weft why did he weep? Ferrell who was representing himself after he dismissed his lawyer mid trial did not realize it first what had happened when the verdict was red You have one Mr Ferrell circuit judge Thomas barked all explain a crowd of about a dozen supporters cheering cried and other was his whole audience was there One woman got a Oh God, all-in-sap Florida one woman got a nose bleed from the excitement God I don't think I've ever felt this good my life girl said later His nemesis Ferrell was quite for several minutes as the verdict's taken then Ferrell said this is now open season to say anything you want any time you want to get away with it Ferrell a former social studies teacher from the quest to suit Ferrell for defamation over negative comments The host supposedly made about Ferrell on the year in 1999 for our 75 testified that he sued because he wanted to clear his name Barkdale made his Ili is a legal attempt to slow more difficult Thursday when he ruled that Ferrell I a former school board candidate was a limited public figure That meant for hours attorney Barry Silver had to convince the jury not only that the remarks were made and that they were false But also that they were made with malice The jury didn't buy it reach day verdict at 355 yesterday afternoon earlier Silver had told the jury that the case should be called Slander lies an audio tape Ferrell 45 said it was a holy war a jihad The case been a two-strong world man either whom would back down against each other thrown into the mix was Ferrell calling himself his own witness and hopping in and out of the witness box and audio Where's the video tape can you see that can you see him stepping out of the box to ask the question and hopping back into answer it? I wonder if his comb over fell off. Oh Are you gonna start about guys here again y'all? Miss them all off Throwing into the mix was a Ferrell Coyata yuddy and closing arguments Silver said the case was really about hate speech and it Feral should be held accountable for things he said on ear words really can hurt Silver said Ferrell said he didn't remember making the marks about Ferrell but told the jury is morning radio show was opinion based If Ferrell I didn't like what he hurt he should have just turned the dial The trial may lead to a career change for Feral maybe I'll go to law school after the experience of playing lawyer for the past few days He mused to the jury and by the way he's still an asshole that 27 at five sixty QAM Hey speaking of that speaking of schvitz in your brains out how about cool off with some great champion lights That's right because man the other sports drinks out there don't even come close They don't hold a candle to champion light because they're full of crap Champion lights got nothing in there but good stuff like all the electrolytes in need after work out All the other sports drinks whether it's gay to rate all the others forget about them their pass a cuz they're loaded with sugar And therefore with calories and carbohydrates and all kinds of crap Some of you even have stuff that'll make you sit on it and be a squad all day not champion light It's got no carbs no caffeine no calories no sugar no nothing but great taste in fact now it's available in six different Delicious flavors and believe me if you try it like a few months ago You're gonna like it even better now cuz the flavors are all like juice up like the mad dog. They're juice up right now You got orange lemon lime grape fruit punch and the new flavors lemonade and blue raspberry and man They are delicious don't you think as you're hope so or if you want to find the story nearest you that carries it if you actually want to spend some money And buy it which is a damn smart idea check out champion light Sregals talking hard while we can't prior to Marlins baseball I switch with your five six Q a and second in and hold it no the Affleck casting call all right Tom bro. Call number of uh Affleck uh again Tom Affleck one more time Tom I'm losing a second part one more Next My Tyson my Tyson yes my Tyson stop say what I'm saying I pay one place I'm back again I'm getting next Jesse Jackson a flock of it up for luck a Jesse. I'm sorry, but the duck is white Next What are you Ellen just not to mean to duck the twacks stay to the screen mr. Allen It's crazy it's insanity Read the line please. Why would a duck speak next The great Sean Canary sir. How welcome sir. Welcome from call a welcome sir. Just read the line please Affleck Excuse me sir again Affleck Sir, I'm sorry that second part of the line. I don't I'm simply saying off Next Oh God I guess we got Gilbert got freedom in here All right give it to me Gilbert. I'm black. I want more time Gilbert. I'm black. Well Gilbert. I pretty much hate you And I think you're terrible, but you're the close thing we got you got the joke