and ocasions until you match complaining best I know okay with with a new secondary which basically you have um... how was it take for guys coming together and these are experienced people but still a number one there's today's stock market we do experts fear the new york stock exchange could open lower again today after depends decay index closed down one and a half percent on japanese investor fears that american investors fear a drop in u.s. consumer confidence because of fears that the economy may be in danger because of fears of stock market investors who fear an interest rate hike mean while in america there's fear that those in japan who fear the fear of american investors could produce fear in other sectors of the economy which continues showing signs of recovery um... america stands a koreo diasma we'll have more stock market news when something else that's not really happening happens in the heads of people who just happen to be afraid of everything that happens and don't be a fair after you're okay because the market futures are up uh... make a big comeback in it no gonna make a jagan come back plunge in there with both hands that's what i would tell you i'm not doing it but you go ahead so anyway uh... let me just say this right after by a time records an asshole can i get that out of the way right off the van okay see let me just take it this time when you're sitting back there it's your little typewriter and your little desk see everything with him is little the guys about two feet tall it comes up to george's knee can including his brain and when you're sitting back there finally getting your bottom maybe fumbling out some copy see i don't understand how can you be sitting back there writing and if the guy at the asponsues the one that writes it you follow what i'm saying liar basically a liar taught but anyway when you sit back there and belly i can about the fact that well how come he can't do this see if that my job it's not the talent's job to write your copy to do your job in addition which when you're opening up a big mouth and then pd lanyard standing there you know immediately he's got to come skyrocketing down a hallway open up the door and tell us everything that you just said because that's the way it works at q a m we have our moles remember when Greg was looking for the mole and discovered we had like six hundred of them even on weekend piggy lee put together are in the class with us we got more god damn moles then you ever seen so if you want to sit back there belly it can envision about the fact that somebody's trying to get you to do your job and give us something to work with on a year that's too freaking bad taught okay because we all hate you like poison everybody in a building would like to step right on your ass okay even duck would like to step on your ass I think like that taught we're sick and tear to your bullcraft quit belly it can just do your job back there you scumbag you little jewel and by the way happy circus so anyway oh and what else got me a little worked up this morning i'm sitting here mine in my own business you know it's happened out my bedtime stories and i'm listening to a little bit of mow this morning i mean there's nothing like i'm i get a little mow mitten in a morning with mow another way of work yeah we get very little momentum on this station but at any rate so some uh ass sucking collar and is that what i told you about the collar is there much ass suckers the never i said that's what you said suck holes and sickos that's 95% of a call just like that kai yesterday oh yeah quit meeting this bedtime scary takes some calls right so anyway this is schmuck this morning who's an expert on everything in life including radio ratings he's gone out about wow daddlebacked something about ratings and yesterday Neil was slapping about Hank and his big gun the trend came out in a big gun number yet in august and the main time he didn't bother mentioning the fact that Joseph Gaki was on two weeks in august well guess what mr. records in some sure you're listening right now you little punk uh the trend doesn't work that way the ratings don't work like august one to august 31 and in September what the work that way the third week of the trend rather than the last week of the trend dog ended like august 24 or fifth or whatever was the last week when uh Joe was on fill in for Hank that wasn't part of it so maybe he was on for a week but is there anybody out through who really believed that Joseph Gaki is responsible for the numbers going up no in addition to which anybody call up mo i'm not i noticed that nobody has the ball stick to call him and can't front him with his pathetic numbers least i haven't heard it including this little putwacker who's an expert on a rating supposedly he's an expert on ratings just like Todd Rex an expert on copy so if i was slapper in which i thought it was kind of funny the fact that we were all day yesterday what why not give god the humper a little bit of credit it's due and i don't need it's new but we like to see that i'd like to see mo get a number in there you know just for the hell of it just to help us out a little bit just so we just a chance to make it some of that extra bonus money we're in it together in spite of mo's uh sour a psychotic attitude we're all supposed to be in this ball game together but nevertheless there's that we got all the experts out there and that's another example of the callers now we do have the phone fixed i should point that out to you and yesterday's experiment with that phone man that that's set the whole guy damn show back and since we got a short show today because the new new one hours wins day it's uh new to one bit wins day and we apply all comedy bits new to one to give it like a little chance a little relief in there a little blessed relief from all these heavy duty pressing stories all these bedtime stories so we might take a call or two here what do you say now what we have to do is Carlos has to take one and put it on hold like lying to it's ringing right now just put it on hold and then we'll see what it is see just because we want to technically check this out because many bob also known as George Corso one of our in uh several engineers uh yesterday he was that we got a hold of him on a phone and I came in here and I did it with this and did it with that all of a sudden like scorch court almost as much of explosion as a small girl last night which you book are guys both missed and now what just happened to that the guy disappeared he hung up we can't even do an experiment on here on this phone that's uh this audience but you want to want to real call I don't care whether it's real or make believe just one that we can experiment with I realize we're starting from a standing still position now following our great morning show in those big numbers I love that punk to call and it was the expert would Joseph ackey did two weeks in August which is not true he may have done two weeks physically during the month of August but the last one in the last one I got to show up till the next trend so good luck to you Hank you'll need it and if anybody that's that much of an asshole I would suggest that Joseph Gackie Hank Goldberg got big numbers on QAM before it was anybody else getting any numbers on it anybody will tell you that an addition to which he don't need Joseph Gackie to get numbers in fact can you imagine a month they would have had without Joseph Gackie and couple of those marlin games in the afternoon they might have had a 15 year in men schmuck everybody's an expert everybody's a radio expert they're all ratings experts and they don't like to tone of the show and everybody's that's how photo for you that's why it's so pleasant here it's sunny it's 48 degrees can you believe that I believe it go be 68 to sack you know yesterday may have been the most perfect day I've ever seen in my life it was sunny about 72 there was a nice breeze there would know humidity I mean you just walk out there and you feel invigorated everybody's got a smile on their face and it's like a throbbing living and breathing place and down there the like that one guy said the victim just comes spying forth the eventem you can smell it man you can feel it your your hemorrhage your your verico's veins start the thombudian like we hop all over the place you like you're just gonna croak from the you for those stressily psychotic angry people you know it's how it's even getting the me now I'm starting a little whipped up into a frenzy just from taking one or two calls yesterday oh you actually have uh look at that this thing is working pre-mo now baby here's Latterdale by the sea hello new god yes sir I bought dolphin season ticket what happened to him I give up what happened to him he said he bought dolphin season ticket he's still there he's he's back on hold somehow oh don't tell me this thing is screwed up again I didn't touch him I wouldn't tell you that look I think I'm again are you still are you here okay I said I bought season tickets as you're just like couldn't possibly here mo-powered on the radio anywhere really I'd like to whip him like an Irish travel that does are kids I don't know it's good coming you guys talking about Hank's numbers on there and I'm talking about his numbers I don't know but I'd like to know what they are I'm sure they're pathetic and that's a weeky gal they got I don't even go to the uh listen to the lineups at the stadium because you have to hear his voice he's doing a lineup on out of the stadium he's doing something and some p-a did you hang up on it no I never touched a thing in the guy I had my finger near the thing but you don't think that could do it do you no I think it's one ever yeah there's something wrong because whenever I think of all of it yeah I'm Sarah for let's say it for the engineering stuff again if you like boys and girls I would be able to hold over here and yeah hold on hold over there like whatever call you're on when I put any other call on hold it puts your call on hold oh brother I'm gonna tell you our engineering staff on a skill of zero they're like they oh points they just oh points they win a minus column well that's try one or two more okay because then now there was actually pretty good guy right plus it would happen a hell out of mull which we like that a lot because you won't hear that I'm mo-show in fact mo-get all better shape because guilty read some email from some woman in plantation obviously a very astute woman who understands that he still a jet fan or at least that's what she was cleaning and he was like all wounded about that you see you can't have thin skin it's one thing they're very close veins you know when you get to be in your 80s a lot of guys get those but they have thin skin and to be doing a top show can't do it one thing to be sitting there in the isolation of the broadcast booth you know and and and that's Charles L. Moore man what a hypocrite that guy is in Palm Beach ripping mo behind his back off the you know off the newspaper your columns but in the newspaper sucking his ass hey Charlie make up your mind up there in Palm Beach okay I get all of reports I may be up here in Toronto but I get all of reports I got my conduits see I don't I don't even know what to make of this thing now here's Miami hello Neil yes sir George is show is much more entertaining I wish you would go back on the air because you know he talked to his audience Ronic would not be crying low in the whole summer the country very that's the iron chef you are yeah hello and you know President Bush has got to be the stupidest man in the world because he always sounds like he's reading he never sticks to his comments okay thank you we got three great calls to start we jumped to Josh to judge me yesterday and actually those last two they stayed on there until they went away well as long as Carlos doesn't touch anything well don't touch anything Carlos quit you better let's teach him a little bit better don't touch stuff in there because it's Q a m see in a real radio station you could touch stuff and it would work away it's supposed to the way you would anticipate but we're placed just there everything's a little touch you okay so don't touch I'm not touch that's what Miguel always said look but don't touch that's what time my welling says and you guys miss small girl last night man I'm tired there was so much blowing in the first five minutes of that show even Peter North who by the way Peter North is Canadian we discovered at this morning on a website I was checking out because I was looking up to shoot to any other guy that created Superman Canadian boys a and there was a lot of blown from those tornadoes in the beginning and just noise and blowing and gnashing and just incredible and then the previews for next week small buddy but I missed that in fact that's going to be a poll today about small but I haven't even got to yesterday's poll result I'm getting way behind it so for the honor of taking these great calls that one dipsmith that called I thought he's always ripping you that guy he's always ripping me that guy he just missed a contrary whoever's on the air he's going to argue and hate them I see like I said sickos and suck holes and the basic way that's at 98% all of that last part so they're he's pretty good and the first guy was great except he got cut off twice because uh Carlos keeps touching don't touch him okay talk to him just don't touch him that's gonna be difficult the exception will be in Todd Rex case when he comes in don't talk to him touch him like with a baseball bat would be good maybe with a crowbar hey Todd oh idiot little quizling has he been in there you're with his copy no he's probably still back there muddling hey talk to Peter Lenny okay in fact what what we'll do is we'll have Peter come in and talk on the air tell him everything that he said yeah how come this guy's been doing his spot for a line how come he can't do it it's not my job as whole push you don't give us any information to first place you heard about this and you heard about that the same old tired format with all your spots time they suck and the reason they've heard about it so many times is because you all changed the copy you won't give us a damn piece of information to work we're supposed to make chop deliver out of dog crap okay god can't stand that time direct by the way thanks to my sweet friend Lynn Samuels for putting us as a link on her website at Lynn saying those dot com when that nice that was a pretty sweetest thanks Lynn she's the best 913 at 560 wq away when your busy lifestyle need all the healthy can to feel healthy especially that god forsaken place not just when they're climate but from all the sour nasty people huh man all you might can't hurt it can only help can only make you feel better because it contains lots of good stuff in there farm a suitable great olive oil is one thing you'll find in there along with vitamins and minerals and rebels to promote healthier heart is one product specifically designed to lower your blood pressure one for your cholesterol and for your prostate they have one for your circulatory system you digest of endocrine system your skin bones there's even a product for your mind and believe me start popping at all of our south lord it's a soft shell capsule just pop it in your post and in no time at all start taking effect and of course they make separate products for men and women as well if you want to pick some up it's available in stores all of our south lord a more and more people are popping at every day and olio med two you can find it at a whole food markets while green cedanos and a varre pharmacy i think that's too soon i'd like a lot of people to be popping it during smallville when uh... clerk gets the emotional when he gets whipped up into a frenzy starts like gorge court that that's what it was the promo for next week lot of flesh for more information you call olio med see what they think about smallville called toll free one eight six six olio med that's one eight six six olio med and you can also order products online if you like it all the other america dot dot you we'd solve that problem for the next ten years after stan homperies uh... couldn't play anymore because of the uh... concussions put it in the position where it was tough and uh... for each coach to think that he would be the one to turn this get around and uh... the couldn't and it's uh... it's something that you know that i know it heard a lot of coaches and uh... and uh... the big lot of money for this guy's panis so it was uh... you know it's a bad for a lot of people and it we'll return to regular programming momentarily on wqn dot com until then here's the best of sports radio five sixty q a m is bobby better to end the hammer hand over on monday august fifth bobby breath of his was in bobby this is the thirty of the anniversary of the undefeated team you were certainly uh... part of that and as you look back on we were talking with edwin poeperoian show who went into the writers wing of the hall of fame last year and uh... another keep a skin resident and uh... and uh... and bobby when you think back on uh... on that team uh... everyone was saying that one of the one thing that's that's striking about it is that uh... we may have seen the last of those guys to go into the hall unless kuchenberg gets in and nick is the only defensive player to go in uh... other other guys you think who are being overlooked from that club oh yeah i think uh... uh... uh... often so i think kuched be one i think uh... undefeated you know it uh... norm evidence was by here two weeks ago and we spent some time together just talking about that team and uh... when you measure it by today's standards is high i mean white high weight speed it doesn't measure up but it was probably all the time i've been in the NFL is probably the closest i've ever seen to what team means those guys uh... with our inspiring shoe and how and all those guys coaching it was a team probably made fewer mistakes and he team i've ever been around and they uh... so individually when you look to a man he for nandis played then full man he was he was great dick Anderson was great they had jake was great say they had so many good players but i don't know if anyone alone would get the recognition to be in the hall of fame i'm not saying that's right but i think it was more of the team should have been put in the hall of fame yeah well i have no name defense was was called that because everybody contributed nobody really stood out when i say that doesn't mean they couldn't play they just all played well together and bob math is something you go up and down the the list of players over there and they did go or do like put he's more popular than ever i didn't know that well now you do and now garden lifewood boards the wreck of the admin fits Gerald and steers a course for disaster in his new tribute album go or do like put sinks lead zeppelin they didn't confuse both of them it's not true one ever he's been confused garden right foot renders his version of lead zeppelin's emagrant song we come from the land of the houses though of the nice and weather of the springs low garden lifewood sinks lead zeppelin it's a whole lot of stuff like this hey mama's in the way to do gonna make you a sweat gonna make you it's the compactest that's lower than the bottom of lakes up here here there's a lady who should all the good and he's calling to find us there way to go if there's a bustle in your CD player don't be alarm now it's just garden lifewood sinks lead zeppelin it's nine eighteen well that takes your end of the roughiness so do you remember that song now no that's the wreck of the admin fits Gerald they but never heard of my life i told i never heard of it anyway he's Canadian a any entoon all i great so speaking of Peter Norris scored scored now this call that you see is like uh... you got cut off that was everybody who was on and you were talking to the back again you got on here okay let's uh you know something we could kill a whole show with you uh you would be today we can just keep cutting you off and then you call back again i think Carlos might be a mole from all that way kept me off i don't know me it could be hey um but anyway what i was saying yeah get a little bit more he said most got a nice back right here he yeah anyway what i was saying people are gonna take advantage of this phone call things just to take sheet peep chat she's got some mole go ahead okay uh anyway all he talks about is how he goes and he's at a restaurant and does this now i think he just does the grubs it up for the free food in the morning or something yeah that's nothing we should all believe in is getting free meals on his show now will you guys deserve it you work hard we pay for it all he does is come and bumped him for out and then blow the whole chemistry i keep watching the q i input to the stadium to watch the managed finally chrome out one day you know uh rumor has it then in fact he was talking this morning about the ratings for the dolphin game in town were so gigantic on tv and that it would indicate to me that nobody was listening to what i'm a radio they all watching on tv yeah i mean you can't stand them you can tell the man is your sour because he goes down the locker room does this to interviews and then pieces out and all moments do us talk about last week about how the jets are realing and and uh man did she look i really don't care about the jet that they're problem let's talk about the dolphins when and basically just come up okay have a great day sir and most thanks you very much call the publicity here's a guy that spent like three different segments of the same call in rip-mo every time you know what i said nice going sir i mean don't do it again but i'm enjoying the calls you know it yeah so far so far no sir like i think uh i don't know it's good to have a working like duff yeah like i got duff came back i mean clarinet is okay he's a little you know he's growing into it but duff is like uh almost a real man well and uh he's you know he's got his thumb on and he said you know wait just in case we needed we should be working and it's almost working to wait should i mean you know if Carlos will stop picking around with stuff in there these people can get on here and say their peace nine hundred three votes in our poor yesterday what should the punishment be for that bitch madden uh gourmet and two good the indiana woman at the Irish uh tinker war caught beating her little girl on tape burn the bitch of the steak on national tv three hundred and twenty three votes that's almost 36 percent burn the bloody bitch on tv get a ninety nine share in fact you know something do what i'm the donny who show okay he needs it would certainly it would piss him off because he's against capital punishment but secondly he probably would say well in this case i'm making a session because of giving me some numbers and when you got like a point one share like old on a huge got you need anything well he is just i feel so bad you know it's like if they try to bring Joe pine back he's been dead for like 40 years and Phil i hit the break the news deal but probation only for the bitch a hundred and the what is it? hundred ninety four that's twenty one and a half percent probation and lost the custody of her children 149 16 and half percent one year in jail 88 no punishment spare the rod and spoiled the child 78 and three years in jail 71 this is my story of the day okay before we take several more great calls i'm enjoying the calls a lot i know that comes as an amazement and you want an awakas they sound good they sound clear and i can hear them don't have to reach down there on the flow and grab that headset i think we're getting there i think at about twenty years we'll have this thing technically figured out and maybe you can even get the station on the air prosecutors says my name be toddler to death because she ate his breakfast sausages you're familiar with the story yeah she ate his breakfast sausages that would do it a prosecutor told a jury yesterday that a man fatally beat his girlfriend's two-year-old daughter for eating his breakfast sausages jewvon ticket 22 i'd sure like to see jewvon his charge was first to be murder in child abuse in the September 598 beating of Ashley smitson which taken off life support of month later and roping statements yesterday before day circuit judge manual crestbow prosecutor Sally wind trobs said ticket that eighteen didn't call police until hours after the beating Ashley smitson is dead because this defended punched shook battered in injure this child of such an extent that this almost three-year-old baby never again consciousness wind trobs said prosecutors will present tickets take confession to police as well as the testimony of peccinthia Bradley 27 the girls mother what kind of a name is that am i saying at wrong p.e. c. y. n. t. h. i. a. p. what up a. p. c. t. how you be doing p. c. Bradley played a guilty manslaughter last year for a role in the beating was since to eleven years in prison the first to be murder charge against her was dropped in the plea deal tickets lawyers said Bradley was solely responsible for Ashley's death she took advantage of a teenager right not you have about fifty in the emotional development of a seven or eight-year-old and convinced to me had to be a man and had to take the blame as just in public defender to leave the leechoc told the jury eight to leave the leechoc said the confession ticket gave police was a false story given at Bradley's urging he said pick it went to the store after they ran out of sausages and when it came back he found Ashley injured on the floor with Bradley and a cold stare ticket would be sentenced to life in prison if convicted he ran at least he went back to the store though he had more sausages you know that's good haha man forced their realization and I just I think I know where we start to you know I don't want to get like two ethnic here early in the morning especially after we had that real good call from that one's part to there see if we didn't let him get born and we wouldn't have that call so it's a tough call isn't it but in this one case we'll make them exception here's our poll for today boys and girls before we get into heavy duty into our bedtime stories and maybe a couple more phone calls maybe forty or fifty more and then of course the new to one comedy but yes he I'm starting to like feel better now that stuff has started to work I realize we've been like hamstrung by the fact that everything is like up in the air we can do basically what our engineering department allows us to do and our sales department though those are the two evil areas you can pick on molaw you want you crazy the dottering old man trying to do the best again you know he's a humorless silly old man with bad vera cost veins and a lot of pain but I mean engineering in the sales that's those are the evil the evil twins the access of evil at q a m the evil doers you'll find in our engineering and sales departments not necessarily in that order here's our poll question today what's your take on the TV show smallville now there some people say well that's not a very important pool you know something guess what it's a goddamn important pool and of course the fact that George and Carlos both missed I bet you about Miguel saw last night what about I don't know is he there no he's on somewhere how about you how you're a team of Gelsaut anybody with a sense of urgency understanding that after last year's climactic ending episode that this is the beginning the first episode of the year picking up all these loose pieces most of which were flying around of the tornado and there's poor john snider lying in the cave with that night with every porter and there's like the looks looked like a daddy line under that thing and our dad can't face the blind and all the other stuff and line a sitting there and she's like I think there's more do you clerk than you can see any stands up it is not he says obviously what you see is what you get and we didn't see it read his thought always said something about what he says zucchini here's the pull quite you get get with it get with it okay see this whole thing with the phone yesterday and it is kind of like back in the up what's your take on the TV show smallville don't watch it I hated it blows it's okay I love it land afflix my bick or tamwelling is god which one do you think I'm voting for i 26 at 560 wqm is there still anybody out there is not playing a VIP sportsbook dot com I feel bad for you because we got to tell you missing out on a really great sportsbook if you're not with him he heard a lot of ads he's days but you need to do some research before you're plunked on your heart and cash at some unstable third world sportsbook let me help you I'm a sportsbook dot com is the only book of unanimously endorsed by ministry watchdogs there are Dutch faced hallelujah and one of the first online sportsbooks in the universe so if you want to go on a roll of the lifetime and if you get lucky you want to be with the best sportsbook going if it happens for you and that's VIP sportsbook dot com the football season is in full force right now the patriots are 3-0 and you need to be with the best VIP sportsbook dot com or the dolphins are 3-0-2 wait till they play a real team like Sunday so open and account online you get a 15% cash sign up bonus too then I mentioned they got the highest probably odds you'll find anywhere up to 2001 well they do so get over to VIP sportsbook dot com and play it a book with call 1-866 VIP bets at the tool free call 1-866 VIP bets go to VIP sportsbook dot com online and get that 15% cash bonus VIP sportsbook dot com where you'll be the VIP not on here's not on thinking about we decorate in my place and not my favorite TV show it's willing crazy not listen here I'm drinking decorate reason not bad tell me mom of the story I'll tell the do you think that's where I'm sorry mom I gotta tell you something yeah I gotta earn some way of your clothes cuz tonight I'm coming out the closet yeah I'm begging my mom let's go inside on show time it's time to watch queer ass over cuz tonight I'm coming out the closet I'm 32 at 566 did you see this piece of copy dispatched me the time record did you he personally hand this to you yes you should have slapped him in the face you want to hear the first sentence of this piece of copy all right you've been hearing about you've been hearing about I got news for you when I come back to town which isn't that far off I'm not doing any more his spots I'm saying goodbye to time director that's gonna be my new year's resolution for the new year whether it's the Jewish new year the Hindu new year or the upcoming uh Goya Shnoo year I'm just not doing a more despot season idiot you're an idiot Todd okay you're a lazy bum fork idiot all you do is change a few words around you keep asking the same stupid you just won't do it you can't do what I don't think he's got an item I think he's gonna way look for the colleague in man is what I think uh Todd Dreck talk about truth and packaging now let's see we got two votes on it as do you also voted for that it's up you voted time welling is God no George says Tom on behind there's only two of us who could have voted is me and you there now I voted I don't see it George said Tom all in his gut I think George is trying to tell us something the boys don't find votes on there and by the way happy suckers and Joseph ackees still blows despite what that assucker said to Moses morning about thanks numbers and I got real good news for you Bush lowers threatened did you even know about this seems to me like you're out of touch today about what the threat warning yeah yeah that's what Bush lowers threatened alert from orange to yellow all right so everybody stand down a little bit okay not all the way to the bottom step but stand out a couple of steps if you've been on a higher alert if you've been really high to last a couple of weeks since 9 11 you can like uh knock it down a couple of notches now does that mean that we should use Rob less on people with doily's on their heads oh look at this article somebody just asked me from common uh dream from uh what is this yeah a lot of common do center you I should conceit defeat in the war on drugs well just relax okay don't overwhelm me with stuff because I got my own tile here man never get to like any part of it and you send me all this priest stuff this priest at this which I had the good one there the the first one and this priest did I just ease off on a priest a little bit okay but you cut the old father a little bit of slack no just just like Moses morning there but the first right out of the box there rippin mowen asks you they're just trying to regressiate themselves with me all the guy had excellent points and there rippin mowen asks that poor old people die I think there's something wrong with our pull if you ask me or maybe the oh no look at when I'm just happening there 10 people don't want small bill what's high find grow test 5 people love it 4 said it's okay 3 said how long is God George is one of those land afflits my big two when I hated it blows one but I'm a loaded mollana what I voted for Lana she's okay and the the cranny and also something even you would have to admit I know yeah you you don't want to do that he's a lot prettier than she is I wouldn't say that I'd say he's perdi yeah she's okay she's not great believe me she's oh brilliant like in an academy she's cute she's cute she's got she's cute but let's accolt some famous attorney who shows over in August for tomorrow but that's right he don't start till October 1 the norm can show which we're gonna promote heavily because we're in partnership with him now even though he's on another station because he'll promote my show but any rate that he said that he met him out there remember that in them and you know Vc somewhere in Vancouver they were smoking a little number together called by the way during the last break who did norm for what to say that he missed small bill so he wants you to go into great detail about about what it looks like I haven't seen it okay I haven't seen it I haven't in fact Lana that's what she's saying she said I think there's something more than meets the eye okay rhymes with fly and he said oh what you see is what you get in other words there's nothing there he's an old smoothie maybe doesn't maybe he doesn't have a penis super man you know because when you got to wear those tites later on which he hasn't got him on yet but in this episode he found out he can fly he not for sure but when he was a saving her out of that red pickup truck in janitor we knew his land prone in the back and he said the daddy after he saved daddy's life john Snyder who looks like he's aged 50 years by the way in the offseason but he says oh yeah he says I this amazing thing happened I realized that I felt like I was flying he was flying he was like floating and flying so when he has to start putting on a Superman tight so you don't want to have nothing down there protruding and interfering but the promo for next week don't miss next week normal okay normal who said the time welling is gorgeous did he also tell you how he's coming on your contract by the way normal no he talked to a Carlos he said it was hysterical that he missed that he missed smallville yeah when you got you guys that miss smallville suck okay by the way Miguel called and he also miss smallville he says his cable was out though oh yeah everybody's got an excuse see I got my priorities in order all right I got my thing straight enough 47 votes on there already I don't watch it 22 it's okay eight lannol flicks my big six I love it six how mulling is gone three I hated it blows too that's a moan gildy because whatever most has gildy agree with him hey let's hear some hockey talk on that show I'm we still got a hockey team of sorts in fact even up here one of the sports channels this morning I was channel surfing I was Mike Keenan and they were saying well you know the pantheres but they're right likely story but nevertheless you won't hear about it down there because you got a sour push on there one dimensional Mr. football man but pappa pappa pippy and a little bit of NBA too because of that salted crap you know and anybody that nice johnny most as far as I'm concerned needs to be in heaven lobotomy anybody would not johnny most I see all that crap about homers that was all the new york thing because they had three baseball teams in the same market so that's the reason why Vince scully who's boring is uh dog crap by the way Vince scully played it for a downer road and mel Allen and red barber and you could tell by the inflection in their voice they were a little more a little more for the home team but they had to play downer road and I was high just never did that with a giants am I right George who the bush administration lowered the nationwide terrorist right in next today based upon intelligence assessment indicating the danger of attack is diminished in the two weeks since the anniversary of the nine eleven terrorist attacks but but the administration caution at the public should remain vigilant and said that the tax file cat or other groups remain a possibility they said there continues to be a significant risk of attacks coded yellow and the cost system introduced in March representing the mid range of the five stage alert index so stand on the middle step I'm at ladder that's your one you know I've got the high run therefore we get when we get to the red just jump to the very top step and jump off a turny general john the ass croft and homeland security director Tom rigid raised a threat level or in satisfying a signifying a high risk of attack well we know we all let's see where's this from watch and post we know all that stuff okay we don't need all the background stuff we want to know where we are right now any uh word is yellow kind of like chinese yellow which you're don't like the chinese he's got a bug up his ass about chinese is because he dogs not just hey look at Todd wreck look what he eats huh that's the rumour I'm hearing and look at right lot of deal he's ass boy boy look at all the stuff he just facts me here I don't know what uh huh lots of it boy I just decided to come to tons of crap here for shop to mystic about the economy yeah he's absolutely about his economy rumour has it that they're doing pretty well infamous mom gets visiting rights that bitch caught on video beating your four-year-old daughter in a parking lot will be able to visit the child once you twice a week while the girl is in temporary foster care her attorney said madden gourmet not too good was scheduled meet with the daughter Martha to save house for about 90 minutes so yesterday however two good and her husband were turned away yesterday from the in the end save house where Martha's being cared for temporarily after officials their said the girl the girls got to flu that's what they said the visit will be rescheduled for today tomorrow Charles Smith directly sent you a county office of family and children said his agency drives the schedule such meetings quickly we want to as much as possible retain the ties and connections to the families because our initial goal if at all possible is to re-unify them with the parents he said two good twenty five is a rain on the felony charge of battery to a child innocent please enter on her behalf in hearing on monday they had some brought on last night of the head of talking and shows mentioned the point and a good point is that little kids heal up real fast from bruises and things like that yes they do so the idea that they had the doctor examined her and there was like no signs of beating or anything like that that means nothing because they heal up real quick so i say fried of bloody bitch and most people agreed with me and our point yesterday to which we say right of it said a good example okay it's one thing to like smack your kid a little bit like you see in stores kids out of control give a little smack once in a while but the whipping and beating and flailing and carrying on and looking around just to make sure nobody was watching and like taking a deep breath and then starting again I wish traveler my fat ass okay your tinker and with life bitch and what's that group called that she's with the oh her clan her particular clan yeah I forget well the Georgia boys are the other ones the Georgia Graham something like that all by the way happy suckers before the show that a Carlos asked me says what's a soka don't remember that expression the soka's born every minute and most of them by spots from tied wreck the greener one carols that's a green horn carols which a uh yeah in fact I understand the hurricanes are playing in this weekend they're like a junior high team from Indiana the hurricanes are playing them gonna rob 400 points let's hear it all the cones you know there's never been a better time to purchase a new home a we find answer existing home but I guess you know that by now how about this rate 3.95 percent sounds to be true but it's right call financial group because they can offer you an unprecedented 3.95 percent by picking up the phone and calling them right now 1-800-940-LEND 1-800-9405363 but money you're gonna save is incredible just like Todd Black he's incredible he's an asshole think about it you can get a hundred thousand dollar loan for only a 450 bucks a month or a 200 thousand dollar loan for just nine hundred and fifty bucks a month the process is simple and you'll save yourself thousands of dollars this year and every year so pick up the full and call our good piezons our pals at financial groups say high-palley at 1-800-940-LAND there's never been a better time to get yourself a low interest rate call financial group and you'll be on your way to big fat savings speaking of palli financial group is an equal housing letter credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change so call right now toll free 1-800-940-LEND that's 1-800-9405363 68 dollars how that the lord even loves neoroders every goddamn truck Stark But if you lay head by which we need the edge And the love of the humans, like a yellow light That's a high look for a feeling you're right And that's why we have a yellow light And six legs and the finger what these lights do With a set of low pens and two rolls start through And in a kind of day, one step to two has a day I've a yellow light, a set of things Something they can't define, that's why We have a yellow light, a big light Every kind of day that you are going We have a yellow light, a set of things Something they can't define, that's why We have a yellow light, a big light Every kind of day that you are On the Medicaid, it's been really great, you won't believe this There has been really sensational on the your whole rack business And it's been amazingly dovish and that's papy cannon No kidding, that's a good show Press and be cannon on MSNBC Two to four every afternoon, by the way for those of you Wanna see a talking head show that's pretty interesting Yeah, I don't know what happened to him, Mr. Mellow Maybe Rick Rally talking into what or something I don't know Pige report, Pines, where is this? Pige report, Johnson Street and Ninety-third Avenue, they're doing it Or we're getting piggy portion again, you have the feeding Well, making contact with the audience again Now that we took a couple of calls, but I noticed Carlos put somebody on hold Tom goodbye We don't have time for that today You know, we took our little quota calls early And then we'll move on As we got it new, we got that new to one thing What is this? Pige place on restrictions after alleged in decent exposure A Roman Catholic priest living in Anoka, where's that? No, has been placed on restrictions by a Superior's after he was set at for a decent exposure in Disorderly Condark last week And Gruy 65, remember the closure religious order Was set by police after allegedly exposing Self-any, meal undercover police officers Are Friday afternoon at Pioneer Park in Blaine I have no idea what state this is in What public minutes odies from? What is it? Minnesota, I think. Okay, Minnesota We're going to head just even to repeat the crap out of this old father That's how you do that right now. Beat the snott of them So, Prenos grilling galls, Montrusey, beauty How about what is the biggest sin of school? So they're going to stop this crap all these professional Ethnic No, a mis America page in judge was wrong to ask mislead Jersey about her views on this of Prenos the Contest in some Italian American goods be seen All hurry up tight all psychotic The judge asked Alicia Renee Luciano, what she thought about the show Is that Luchiano? Which would be the right way to say in Italian? Yeah, no couple of words, not to many They asked Alicia Renee, what she thought about the show During interview seven Saturday night's page in the Atlantic city The show was the O'Drama focuses on picture and O'Mamboz Tony soprano, he juggles organized crime And his family life in suburban Jersey The show has been criticized for reinforcing Entente and American stereotypes Which we don't do on issue, I'll tell you that The Entente people are wonderful people And they make a great possum And make pretty good little pizza, two Matterfac and those wood burning ovens and those brick ovens Right? And I'll forget speaking of pizza pizza law, the location opens Next Monday the 30th out there in plantation Luchiano, 19, answered that people shouldn't take Television so seriously and a good parenting should Offset violence on TV It was a question I didn't think they would ask of anyone Other than some of my backgrounds, she told me they They were going to be reciting for two days Aditions? The Byromerson's believe that the first Attitude American to represent New Jersey in the panjum I was expecting that Luchiano said everyone else was Getting questions about how they told about Performance Dance in the Arts Several Attitude American groups agreed Calling the question in sensitive and insulting Mis America officials did not immediately Turn a message looked at their office yesterday I don't think it was appropriate to an entity Marcy Vice President of the North Jersey chapter Firing a group of students and young adults that celebrate Tentant and Culture FIE RRWF FIE RWY How do you say that? Fieri? New Jersey chapter of Fieri It's a television story that should be taken with The Green Assaulties said by the same time Attitude American should be cognizant That it adds to these stereotypes in this country Despite some changes in the page including the Edition of 16 Question and Moldable Choice twist From the Five Firmless and Wayne Brady is the first Black Ever To Webseem in America Your ship was down. It was down, baby Meals and Media Research reports only some Provident people by their twins to the crowning of Erica Herald as Miss America 2003 That's the fewest in page in history and down 1.6 minute from last year. That'll teach us how to take bird parks off that show Even if he is dead. At the same time, all the show did raw morbrew The crime time program certain night So basic competition but the raw news was Way down and that's because they're picking on those Great Italian Americans. Those are Syrians The The The stereotype they have other ideas They addressed it? Yes. And stamped it. Farcellaona? I'm sorry. They had other Italian Americans pointing to And they're not saying you people. They're the ones responsible for this Negative stereotype that we have. What does that mean? Let me say it. Let me make it very simple. I know my Italian. I've been around a block a few times And Italy and also been in New York. There's ghuitos and there's real Italians. They're totally that for years. People at UC in fact are sopranos. Those are ghuitos. I want to see the godfather. The godfather. Even the like wallick is bad as The godfather. Even as bad as that. Maybe we could reason together. He shouldn't have been shot right there in the spot. Forget the can always. Can you show this as a spot? But nevertheless. People depicted on that move. Those three movies. They were all like real Italians. Except the course for George Hamilton. We should have been there in the first place. Except the course for Tom Haygen. What ever was? If you want to see a bunch of ghuitos. Go see my friends at Doris Market. See some of their customers. Some of those New York ghuitos. Go in here. Give me a half of pound of per shoot. God give me a per shoot. How they doing over Doris Market? See I'm out of touch. But so there's like Sicilians. There's mobsters. People are connected. And there's people are disconnected. And there's people who should be like most of the Colors disconnected. You got it? That's why you need to know. I mean, you got your garden variety like Italians. People like Jo Castelo who have not even had a pronounces name right. Which you always say Jo Castelo because it's gold. It's not Castelo. That's not how you pronounce his name. And don't tell me he pronounces it that way. Because I can't be responsible if the guy just don't know how to pronounce his own name. It's not Jo Castelo. In Italian, the A is always pronounced. I know. I want to saw Tom bowling last night. I have a gun like that. Got it? How's that pull coming on smallville by the way? 96 votes already. I don't watch it 62. 64 and a half percent of the sun. Don't watch it. Do you have any idea how that frost my ass? I really don't care. I don't care if anybody else watches it. Although you know something. See most of the people who watch smallville are like younger people. I don't know young people. Listen, they watch any more to we know. No, they're all gone. They don't want to hear bedtime stories. They want to hear. Hey, Tommy's a douchebag. What's this fine? Let him fight it someplace else. By the way, speaking of that guess who had a really big trend. Let me give you a clue. Are you sure? Yeah, Phil. For the first time in like ages, he actually made an impact there. I think he was number five in the men. Oh, no. Like a five share or something like that. How do you like that? It's about time. Well, that's because you were under an assignment. That's because for some entertainment. Right. I don't watch it 62. It's okay. 9. I love it 9. Lanna, I look, it flips my big eight. Time-walling is God five and I love it. Or I hated it blows three. So they're all over the place. At least we got like a smallville intensive now. And by the way, Norma, you know, by these amazing things. Got 16 different TV sets by the amazing thing called a VCR and tape the show. Thumbo. How could you miss smallville? Of course if he were up here, he'd see it again. It's unlike Wednesday. I also remember I went to that thing last time when they were like out of sync. Son of Miami's top prosecutor of Woods jail in podcasts. The 18 year old son of Dave County's top prosecutor accepted a deal with a voyager. After he was caught carrying marijuana when he tried to board a flight to Puerto Rico. That'll teach him to go see them. That's what George would say. A judge accepted just in Robert Rundles entry into a pre-trial diversion program Monday. The son of state attorney Katherine Fernandes run the accepted deal with Pope County prosecutors August 30th. You think that's where Pope salad any came from was Pope County? His mother decided not to handle his case because of a conflict of interest. Under the deal they missed a meeting of possession of marijuana charge against Rundles. He'll be thrown out of the complaints. We have provided includes classes in community service. And by the way, I've got that next spot coming up there right now. As a matter of fact, a ceramic pipe and tree Graham's marijuana was detected in Wundles. Pocket after he was searched for the security one in my international airport. Prior to boarding American law, I was flight with his mother on August 15th. According to police records. Dave's taken deal. Okay. At least didn't have crack in issue like poor what's in name no well. The last no well. Nine fifty six. What do we do now? About what? Didn't you fast me new copy here that Todd wreck was bringing in? No. I guess switch it with something. Maybe you know, now he ain't bringing in nothing. He's a piece of crap. Okay. I hope that a gigantic Mack truck comes flying through that park a lot. The minute he walks out there any time today. And just turns him into like an an anth squashes and like a net. By now, I'm sure you've heard the incredible earning potential like computer professional. And that the the man is bigger and better than ever for computer professionals. You've heard it because Todd director want to give us any new copy. You've also just talked about the great people at fast train. So do yourself a favor and pick up the vote and call fast train toll free at eight six six fast train. You can complete your program. Get certified in just four short months and be on your way to a new higher paying career. Not making a kind of money that Todd wreck is stealing out of QAM but nevertheless making some serious cash. Fashrain has got four convenient locations in date. Browon including Pemberpines and the new one and Kendall the other two. We have no clue because he just won't tell us. Fashrain has got convenient day evening. We can classes to fit your schedule. They got full time job placement to Farmer though. But 30 years experience. By the way, nothing. Clarence you both got scammed. He lied to you last week as usual. Your both got scammed. Soccer sucker. Don't delay. Pick up the phone. Call our good friends at fast train toll free. When you call please Tom get a different A.E. To take the commission on the succount and Todd wreck because he's killing him. Call 866 fast train. That's 1 866 fast train or check them out of the web at fast train.com. My and local. Your sports radio 560s you. You. Yeah. It's to be from 5 to 7 is Treasure Island. It's our WQAM happy hour party with me, Miguel Boca. Brian and other stars. We'll be there too for one drink free admission and lots of babes. Treasure Island is right off the palm at north of the 120 second three Degas. A true gentleman's club where some of the most beautiful babes bear it all for you. Open daily at noon. You can enjoy a free buffet lunch until 3 and escape your hard day while being entertained by a gorgeous Treasure Island dancer. Every night Treasure Island features a free midnight and breakfast buffet. But who's getting who? The real reason you should come down to Treasure Island is the ladies. They get up close and personal with you and help release all your inhibitions. Treat yourself to a friction dance and unwind. Today promises to be a great party. You have to come down and join me in the whole crew and the hottest women you've ever seen at Treasure Island. Located right up the palm at 120 second street. For more information call 305-558-2221. That's 305-558-2221 or go to Treasure IslandDancers.com. Treasure Island opened daily from noon till 5am. Come on down and enjoy yourself. WQAM. And that's why I think the jet will have a jump-beanship season. And will I tell you you don't talk to like say you can talk. This is the beast. I said shut up fat soul. But you're like a father of me. You don't talk to Lam, don't talk to him. When I'm done talking, then you talk. Okay, I'll be coming. Come here. I want you to meet a friend of mine. Mr. Guff Club. Why are you hoin' out? I'm gonna show you the business and the mistake coming. This for sentences you'll do 20 years in hours. What you will vote. I had a tag of my mattress. Looks like it will be your bookmates. The names of all holidays star a stage screen and paradise. What's yours? They go to me, Kofe. You got so bad. First thank you. Hey, you're not funny. So hard real hard. I'm gonna make you my wife. Stop it. Stop it. Stop it. Who got you? I'm sure you got him. What else do you think you're gonna be safe in the youth? No, both. No man. You're not new in the play over there. No, three. Okay. Four and a power. You know who I am? No, no, no, no, no. I'm not. I'm not a mother. All right. But I expect a Britain apology. I might just put that blue man in the book. I'm a fool. I'll take the crime. This is the gift to me. Yes, yes, yes. The ordinary seal now. Thank you. Well, Mr. David. I'm a woman too. Jack Jack Ordinance. How can it help you? Well, you see more than you. I keep getting raped at the day. So we're gonna finish it. John, look into it right away. Thanks a lot. Some time. But it's out drop your pack. I said drop your pack. This was odd. It's for favors. No, come to you. You'll go. You'll go. Let's rate. Oh, free. The old big shot. As now we pass the time away in the geo jail. Oh, oh. 10. 3.5. 60. W. I'm happy when they two. Son of a shining man. It's just beautiful. That's right. You got the all those storms around you there. Yeah. And guess what the good news is CBS News finally wise up. Guess who Dan Ratherhead. I'm last night to pontificate about the hurricane. The coming one and the reforming one. Our old friend, Dr. Neil Frank, they've been using good guy. Yeah, good guy. They've been using him lately. And I notice that Brian has kind of vanished into the woodwork. Thank God. Here's a lot of our regular facts, Jesus. I'm this smallville, too. Does W.B. repeat it during the week if you know. Guess I can check the listing. Guess you can check the listings. Because they repeat it. I think it's on global or something here like tonight. It's a matter of fact, but you're not here. So what anyway, and I'm not going to watch it again. It was good, but not that good. But it would like to tie up all these loose ends from last year or so many of them. The good news is though, of course, John Schneider. He's okay. He looks a little none the better for where. They see none the worse for where. He looks a lot worse for where. He looks about 90 years old. And mommy, she still got that little pinched nose, you know. Good old mommy. And then the spaceship at the end of the show. We see his laying in the middle of a. The spaceship look like about the size of your foot. The smallest and spaceship by ever saw. What were you saying? He was for a baby. But it's gotten. It looks like it's gotten even smaller. At the end of the show, they just show that off in a field somewhere. And then there's like little little opening there. And there's little tiny space. But about the size of your thumb is sitting in there. So somebody's going to like come across that thing. And I'm going to say, oh, Clark can't like this thumb here or something like that. It looks like a thumb. You case, those bomb materials to Iran says the BBC today. How do you like that? Talk about a bunch of, about a bunch of hypocrites. British officials have approved the export of key components needed to make nuclear weapons to Iran. And other countries known to be developing such weapons. This couldn't be the same Tony Blair. Who made that impassioned speech yesterday in front of the part of his clear. Yeah, it's clear as mud is what it's clear. It's clear that you're full of crap that you're a puppet. An investigation by BBC Radio for program file on formal disclose that the department betrayed the industry a lot of quantity of the metal were really them to be sold to Iran last year. That metal is needed to make nuclear bombs. Britain has had an arms embargo to Iran since 1993 and signed up to an international protocol, which vans the sale of the William the name countries including Iran. Liberal Democrat for an affair spokesman, Menzis Campbell who's been alerted to the BBC program's material, is said to be extremely alarmed. You got it? Extremely alarmed. Burrly is a metal with a limited number of high tech uses in civilian industry, but is mostly used in defense applications in a vital component of a nuclear bomb. The program is also going to be leading nuclear weapons expert in the UK who says that the Burrly men other items which the DTI is licensed to Iran add up to a shopping list for nuclear weapons program. The UK has had an arms embargo against Iran but not a trade embargo. The program highlights the weakness in the UK's new export control system, which was set up to stop the proliferation of nuclear weapons. It'll reveal that Iranian procrement agents have been working in the UK to get sensitive material back to Iran and that Pakistan has also been successful in procreting material for its nuclear program from the UK. It is also likely to cause concern among Britain's allies. This says President Bush named Iran as we all know as part of that axis of evil, accusing the Iranian regime of sponsoring terrorism, and in our good post-friends, the Brits are pedaling them all kinds of good stuff to help them make nukes. Man, worrying doubts says no more Browers and that's bad because I love my Browers God. Usually if you ever have a Browers yes. Octane is so damn good. I'd like to hop on a plane to go to a colon right now. Fly over to Amsterdam, get on the train, go down a colon and about 2.5 hours. Right there by the train station. Right in the train station in Kulom and you could spend a week there. They even got beautiful turlots. There's a pay thing you have to put in like a used to be whatever in hell of a current two marks or whatever or mark. And now you have to put in I guess one euro. And you go through it and you got like all these towel people and they got like beautiful fancy. You could spend half a day hanging out with the turlots, cruising the T-rooms. No more Browers writes marine dad. Although it leaves you drill out there. Don't be drillin' o Glory holes there in nuk. You're a click it nervous about that. Are they paid real over there? Yes. And the holes too. Marine says they rule their world ruthlessly and instantly deciding who'll get a cold shoulder. Who will get locked out of the power click and who'll get withering glares until they grab a little bay of the arbitrary dictates of the leaders. We could be talking about the middle school Alpha girls, smugg cheerleaders with names like Darcy, Brittany and Whitney. But no, we're talking about the ostensibly mature and season leaders of the western world, a slender former cheerleader named W and is high-heading click, Condy, Rummy and Cheney. I used to think the bush hawks suffer from testosterone poisoning, always throwing sharp elbows in cartoonishly chesty mile way or the highway talk around the world. When a less village in tone would be classy or more effective. But now we have the spectacle of the 70 year old Rummy acting like a 16 year old Heather, Vixen slapping those lower in the global hierarchy, trying to dominate and silence the beta countries with less money and fewer designer weapons. At a meeting of NATO defense ministers this week in Warsaw, the Pentagon chiefs thubbed his German counterpart Peter Struck, refusing to meet with him only dating the shaker's hand of the cocktail party. He was on the dismorning. Heinrich Ahemler, Rumsel denying this all while he was busy the winners and I was then and he'd I didn't shine anybody said full of crap. Echoing Condy's pee-vishness, Rummy announced that the campaign of Gerhard Schroeder who he got a victory by running against the bush pushed to invade Iraq had the effective poisoning of relationship. In their eagerness to apply adolescent torture methods, bush hawks seem to have forgotten the history. Do we really want to punish the Germans for being pacifists? Once those guys get rolling in the other direction, they we do not know how to put the brakes on, who could line. Mr Schroeder behaved like a good beta, tried to line himself of the American alphas by dumping his embarrassing friends, the Justice Minister who linked Mr Bush's tactics to Hitler's and the parliamentary floor leader compared to W. Augustus, the Roman Emperor who subdued the Germanic tribes. Mr Schroeder and the German Foreign Minister, Yoshika Fisher were eager wannabes. Mr Schroeder offered more German troops, left Afghanistan and Mr Fisher apologized to colon Powell, the administration's Jama Gourl, the carefulist who would always rather build relationships than run rough shot over them. If you're hard we'll have to go through way of more of a shameless spiral, he can forget about getting Germany a permanent seat on the U.N. Security Council and no more brought worse than White House menus. The State Department wanted the Petyl and President to make nice with the Germans, but W. was like enjoying his hissy fit refusing to make the customary call to congratulate Mr Schroeder. As with Alpha Girls, the President makes leadership all about him. He thinks there are only two places to be with him on Iraq or with the terrorists. After all Germany is not Saudi Arabia, they have elections over there, and surely the Bush has heard of candidates saying whatever it takes and playcating for a special interest to win an election, and then ending the fences afterward. Three words, Bob Jones University, all polls know today adverse serious tomorrow's ally. Maybe the Bush policy on Empire and preemption allows us to decide not only you can run a country, but one of the proper issues for other nation's election debates. Bush senior was a master of personal diplomacy taking heads estate out on a cigarette boat to oil's games into the air and space museum to see the movie The Flood to fly. Or the fly, that would be good one to see. I don't like him by the way, what's his name Ron Goldblod? The good version of that was the first one of Vincent Price. Yes. Anyway, he was a Bush senior was a foreign policy realist who used socializing, gasping notes and phone calls to lubricate relations with other leaders, but Dabbity who was always the Roman candle and hatchet man in the family has turned his father's good manners upside down, consulting sparingly, leaving poor Tony Blair to make the case against his foes for him and treating policy disagreements as personal slits. Only the Saudis get away with disoblaging the administration on Iraq without being frozen out. They're like the spoiled foreign princesses in the high school, dripping in dolce in Gabanan, Asprey who grabbed him or Sadie's convertibles into the magic alpha circle, but then Germans merely make Mercedes Saudis control the oil. So right, it's dying out today's year of time. I still don't know how many of us have forged in there today either. I noticed that. Well, she's starting to think about me. 153 votes. What's your take on the TV show's small villain the WB on Warner Brothers? WB standing for world's best in case of that show pretty good show. Not the best show, but it's pretty good show. Better than the sopranos. Play it here's. It is. Better place. I don't watch it 102. That 65% 65% of the Saudis almost two thirds don't watch smallville. Lannaflix my big 13. I love it 13. I hated it blows 12. It's okay 11 and Tom Molling has got six. Of course all the facts in the women are like busy doing each other or doing something. I guess not each other. They're doing something. We got the mad dog and wanted to climb today. Let me take a look at schedule. Why see Dan Lobastro was on 73 this morning and just as he was about to come on year, George, you're flicked off that morning show's fucking here. Thank you, by the way. No, George. Why would they put Dan Lobastro on here? Of course why would people put Bino cook on you? I guess to kill an hour. Kill those numbers. We don't want to overdo it. Humphrey don't want to overdo it. Now the Joseph Gekkie build up his number. Jim managed to one hankle beyond a 360 got Marlon's on deck. It's almost over boys and girls does the final few days. Oh, get it over already. Marlon's at the spos at 705 in front of a gigantic crowd of at least 100. Edike after baseball, Joe and Mark, the dirty boys overnight with Amber Lynn and Ginger Lynn and Peter North and Joe South. I'd be pretty damn good. New balances out Florida covers all your athletic and footwear needs. If you need new athletic shoes for cross training running, walking, weightlifting, cross dressing, any other activities you got going. New balances out Florida's got you covered. And of course, like I always tell you about new balance. Unlike many of the shoes stores, when they say, you know what size you were going to get a box off the shelf? They don't mess with that. They want to make sure they're giving you a perfect fit, which is why they measure it the old fashioned way. Just like Tom Walling with the big ones. They measure how long and wide it is before they fit you up and your foot too. And they got every size under the sun they got from infants all the way up to size 20. Can you imagine a size 20 shoe? No, man. That's a boat. Good, golly Miss Molly. How about you even wilt the still never had no size 20? shoe. New balance of us out Florida's got style sizes and what's as huge you can only find before in catalogs or by mail order. There you're one stop shop. So make or run the new balances out Florida you'll find them in three locations now on a fourth one coming up soon. There when you have into a mall, pinecris, bokeh town center and coming in November to their great new location in Palm Beach Gardens. If your feet could take you they would for a sluffet them over to new balance shoes. Come on, my wife and mom. This is for trail by 60. Wait, wait, wait. And beat that jater meat. Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. We take a good hard stiff looking to start. Good then, Rama. Here in America they had nothing more than a minor impact with their songs cool summer and demons. But in Britain they had 23 top 40 singles and ran to the most successful all girl group in history, which leads to a very important question. What the hell is up with Britain? Look, look, I'd really rather not talk about it. After a summer reporter broke a two decade silence about the dirty facts and demons hoping to keep buried. Production ambassador to the UN, Nigel Klencheworthy, May this statement. These are the banana rama. Where is Shane? Where is Baris? Can you not just leave us in peace? Inside the behind took to the streets of England to find out how this smarty pants are always so much better than you country could be so filled with coolness losers who have no taste in music. Excuse me, can you talk about how you people thought so highly of banana rama? Yeah, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, man, it tastes. No darling, I'm what's fortunate on me. Tell everyone we're not all this way. I'm quite fond of the bangles really. But when our camera crew went to a London pub, things got ugly. Excuse me gentlemen, can you apologize for banana rama? Sure mate, soon as you apologize for Christopher Cross. You mean, sign me a lie? Okay, then hang on guys, hang on, hang on. Well, you have to admit Christopher Cross has left us with a lot to answer for. Oh God, it's a big juicy, sobbing with looking show business tonight on inside the behind. Okay George likes it. 10, I think it's 5, 60, WQA. 20, George and Miguel and Boko Brian and Carlos tonight, 5, 7, and Treasure Island. At the, oh, that's right, it's Wednesday. See, I don't know where every day to me, they just all run into each other. Located just off the palm at or just off the 100, 20 seconds three, Dex it's not 5 for our usual very low budget QA in prizes, but also get two for one drinks. That's tonight at Treasure Island with Miguel and George and Boko Brian and Carlos, so there won't be too much left over for the rest of you guys, but hop in there anyway. I guess it was on, and speaking MSNBC, guess it was on yesterday's show. I give up Ron Paul, who's a medical doctor and Republican member of Congress from Texas, a conservative Republican, and one of the things that they talked about was this list of 35 questions that he read this on a house floor. Okay, oh, those questions that he wanted answers to that he didn't write. He's filming it the mouth and he's, see, it's amazing. The more conservative just like Pat, you can, and the more conservative these guys are, the less they want to, or rather their spirits of war, and the more they're questioning what the list is really all about. So anyway, Texas Republican representative Ron Paul, who's very conservative, or rather following the House representatives September 10th of this year. Soon we hope that hearings on the pending war with Iraq. Here are some questions I would like answered by those who are urging us to start this war. One, is it not true that the reason we didn't bomb the Soviet Union, the height of the Cold War was because we knew they could retaliate. Two, is it not also true that we're, are we, we are willing to bomb Iraq now because we know we cannot retaliate. We just confirmed that there's no real threat. Three, is it not true that there were those who argue that even with inspections, we cannot be sure that who same might be hiding weapons. And at the same time, implied that we can be more sure that weapons exist in the absence of inspections. For is it not true that the UN's international atomic energy agency was able to complete its early verification mission to Iraq just this year with Iraqi cooperation? Five is it not true that the intelligence communities have been unable to develop a case-time Iraqi global terrorism at all. Much less the attacks on the US last year does anyone remember that 15 of the 19 hijackers came from Saudi Arabia and that none of them came from Iraq? Six was former CIA counterterrorism chief Vincent Canisterra O'Rong when he recently said there's no confirm evidence or Iraq's links to terrorism. Seven is it not true that the CIA is concluded there's no evidence that a prog meeting between 9, 11 hijacker, my Hamid Abtain Iraqi intelligence, Evergreen Place? Eight is it not true that Northern Iraq or the administration claimed that al-Qaeda were hiding up is in the control of our allies, the Kurds? Nine is it not true that the vest majority of al-Qaeda leaders who escaped the piritormated safely to Pakistan under our so-called allies? Ten has anyone noticed that Afghanistan is rapidly shrinking into total chaos with bombings and assassinations becoming daily occurrences. And that according to a recent UN report, the al-Qaeda is by all accounts alive and well-employed to strike again how when and where it chooses? 11. Why are we taking precious military and intelligence resources away from tracking down those who did attack the US and who may again attack the US and using them to invade countries that have an attack the US? 12. Would an attack on Iraq not just confirm the Arab world's worst suspicions about the US and is this what been law and wanted in the first place? 13. How can it be compared to Hitler when he has no AV, no AV, no Air Force and now has an army one fifth-size of 12 years ago, which even then proved totally inept at defending the country? 14. Is it not true that the constitutional power to declare war is exclusively that of the Congress? Should presidents conquer the Constitution law Congress to concur only when pressured by public opinion? Our presidents permitted to rely on the UN from permission to go to war? 15. Are you aware of a Pentagon report studying changes that thousands of Kurds in one village or charges rather that the thousands of Kurds in one village were guessed by the Iraqis, which found no conclusive evidence that Iraq was responsible that Iran occupied the very city involved in that evidence indicated the type of gas use was more likely controlled by Iran and not by Iraq? 16. Is it not true that anywhere between 103 hundred and a thousand US soldiers have suffered from Persian Gulf War syndrome for the first Gulf War and that thousands of may have died? 17. Are we prepared for possibly thousands of American casualties in the war against the country that doesn't have the capacity to attack the United States? 18. Are we willing to bear the economic burden of a one hundred billion dollar war against Iraq with a reprisive expected the skyrocket and further rather an already shaky American economy? How about an estimated 30 years of occupation of Iraq that some have deemed necessary to build a democracy there? 19. Araxial edd violations of UN resolutions are given as reason to initiate an attack. Yet is it not true that hundreds of U.N. resolutions have been ignored by various countries without penalty? Not to mention a names. 20. Did former President Bush not select the U.N. resolution in 1990 as the reason he couldn't march into Baghdad while supporters of a new attack assert that it's the very reason we can march into Baghdad? 21. Is it not true that current country to current claims the no-fly zones were set up by Britain and the US without specific approval from the United Nations? 22. If we claim membership of the international community and conform to its rules only when it pleases us doesn't assert to undermine our position directing directing animosity toward us by both friend and foe. 35 of these by the way. Well, I mentioned that. Yes. 23. How can our declared goal of bringing democracy to Iraq be believable when we prop up dictators throughout the Middle East and support military parents like Musharraf and Pakistan who overthrew a democratically elected president? 24. Are you permitted with the 1994 Senate hearings that revealed the US knowing we supply chemical and biological materials to erect during the Iran Iraq war in as late as 1992? If we knew after the alleged Iraqi gas attack on occurred its village? 25. Did we not assist Saddam Hussein's rise to power by supporting and encouraging his invasion of Iran? Is it honest to criticize Saddam now for his invasion of Iran at which time we actively supported? 26. Is it not true that preventive wars synonymous with an act of aggression and is never considered a moral or legitimate US policy? 27. Why do the oil company executives strongly support this war if oil is not the real reason we plan to take over Iraq? 28. Why is it that those who never wore uniform and are confident that they won't have to personally fight this war are more anxious for this war than our generals? 29. What is the more argument for attacking nation that's not initiated aggression against us and couldn't do it if they wanted to? 30. Where does the Constitution grant us permission to wage war for any reason other than self defense? 31. Is it not true that it war against Iraq rejects the sentiments of the time honored treaty of West Fadion early 400 years ago that country should never go into another for the purpose of regime change? 32. Is it not true that the more civilized society is the less likely disagreements will be settled by war? 33. Is it not true that since World War II Congress is not declared war and not coincidentally have we won the Assistant had a clear convictory? 34. Is it not true that Pakistan especially through its intelligence services was an active supporter and key organizer of the Taliban? 35. Why not those who want more bring a formal declaration of more resolution to the floor of Congress? 35. Is it the 35 question to ask by representative Ron Paul of Texas, Conservative Republican and of course you didn't get no answers? 32. I need it now. 40. Pulling it to the mouth yesterday on the Buchanan press. 32. I'll say it again. You really need to read this book for bidden truth by Jean Charles Bistard and Giyom Duske. 32. The two Frenchmen. US Taliban secret role diplomacy in the field hunt for bin Laden. 32. I was reading some more of it last night. I'm going to tell you something. 32. Just enough to make your future guts out. 32. But hey, there are a lot of people out there that want to be bothered by the truth. They don't want no big time stories. 32. They can't be bothered with it. They got important stuff to worry about. Like football. You know what I'm talking about? 32. They got important things to worry about like ball games. Like, like that. 32. So while Rome is burning, most of the American public are doing her crap. You know? 32. Watch it a bunch of silly crap. Like smallville. I'm sorry. 32. Yeah, and Norm, you better get one that must be okay. Rome is burning and you're watching a smallville. This because you think Tom, what's his name? Well, he's gorgeous. Tom Small isville. 32. I'm $195 on that, by the way. 68.7% of the audience don't watch smallville. How do you like that? They don't watch it. 32. I hate it. It blows 14. I love it 14. It's okay, 11. And Tom, willing his God. 32. Seven people would good taste. 32. And I'm telling you next. Next Tuesday show promises to be a barn burner man. He was flaming. He was so hot. 32. I'm serious. They had like, playing. Right. Hey, you sick of me taking advantage of my real estate agents and brokers when you look into sell your home. 32. Well, if you are, check out SaveRealti.com. Here's how it works. You retain the rights to sell your home. 32. You can also show and sell your home to buyers who call you directly. And if you sell your home this way, you pay only 1% commission. And that's it. SaveRealti.com operates with all MLL's MLS real does like I just said. You can also show your home to real business. They sell your home. You only have to pay the real to the commission. They traditionally charge you for bringing you a buyer. The bottom line is you're going to save yourself cash. Contact SaveRealti.com on the web at SaveRealti.com or call them directly at 9.5.4. 788 2660. If you want to stop dealing with real estate agents and brokers when you're selling your home and save money at the same time, let's saveRealti.com. Show you how to be doing it. Log on to saveRealti.com today. SaveRealti.com. The best and easiest way to sell your home column at 9.5.4. 788 2660. 9. My life and love this is for sure you'll find it. You way too way. Go to hell and you die. I ride. They want us to find a way. Three and a person for back pay. From 200 years ago when they were slaves. When I only have a mobile home. A pitfall in a pinch of skull. So with your water. Ask them how. Here's what I gotta say. You're going to help you die. You've got to listen to your good morning. You're going to make me feel a bit more tired for it. Listen to your good morning. You have forever but I do what's dead at home. If I was born in 1802. Oh, did slaves think something I do? But what we're dead people dead to you. I have to take the flying. We can see it all four and all nine the act. Okay. With the can of spary cherry in fact. It's dead of 40 acres and the mule. I have a better way. You've got to listen to your good morning. I'm going on how to prepare a forgan frame of two. Listen to your good morning. And that's your best intuition for a slave at two. Listen to your good morning. And tell them that you're sorry for a slave at a mule. You've got a good morning. And that forever but I do what's dead at home. Every kind of play that I can take one thing. And that is those people that hang those little things from their rear view mirrors. Little things. The little things. You know like a pine tree. What do they call those? No, no. I'm not talking about the scent things. Oh, the air fresheners. The air freshener crap. Wasn't that where they hang them like usually from the rear view mirror? The air fresheners? Yeah, yes. Where else you be sticking those? Canadian vicar under fire dressing is Elvis. A Canadian Anglican priest who dresses as Elvis Presley for weddings and funerals as under fire for his actions. High ranking Canadian visions have an objective to Reverend Dorian Baxter for combining the Anglican Gospel with the words of Elvis. The National Post has the 53 year old's been singing Elvis songs to center since his first ministerial posting in 1884. 1802. Often known as Elvis Presley. Reverend Baxter was recently banned from the pulpit of an Ontario church and has been stripped of his license to perform marriages now. Reverend Baxter says his unusual style is the best way to lure wayward Christians back to the church and is threatening to form his own Anglican group support of his of his Elvis Presana. I refuse to resign from Holy Orders. I've led tens of thousands of people to Jesus through the music of Elvis. This man's some gospel better than anyone I know. I'm almost as good as Mahalia Jackson. Who? Mahalia Jackson. Don't you ever heard the big gospel singer? No. Mahalia Jackson. Oh my god, are you out of touch with reality man? Mahalia talking about. I've told the bishop's all they need to do is back to you with the CDs. I don't know what they're complaining about he said. Ronald Ferris, the bishop of the Nazis of Al Gomorrah, Reverend Baxter, used to be a part-time minister said. The mix is in poor taste. Reverend Baxter says he's largely tried to ignore condomations from viships all the way says church officials would attempt to discredit his ministry and never intended one of his weddings or funeral. How do you like that, huh? The church disempower all of us. And he won't know Catholic anyway. He didn't wear them beads. Since his U.S. poverty up and income down, a way to year which ethnic group has had a worse time. Reversing some of the social gains of the late 1990s, poverty rate in this coming after eight years of almost unparalleled. I think a record setting prosperity, right? Which American public said, oh we don't want to aim more of this. It feels so good we wanted to start hurting again. Reversing some of the social gains of the late 1990s, poverty rates and income equality both rose last year. While the typical households didn't come went down the government reported yesterday, largely reflecting the effects of the economic recession. You know, it's interesting when Reagan came in office in 81, what's the first thing that we had economically? We had a recession when Bush won came into office, what did we have? A big fat recession. Now that W is in office, what's the first thing we have? What looks like it's going to be a double dip? Recession. And let's have some more than tax cuts for the rich baby. And do me any good. Hey, by the way, my church, thanks a lot, you piece of crap. I just figured it out yesterday that I've worked the last three years for free. Nice. In its annual report, I'd income and poverty, the sense of bureau said that 1.3 million Americans slipped below the government's official poverty line last year. The first increase in 1993, as a result, 11.7% of the population's in poverty, I'll from 11.3% in 2000, including George Ann Carlos. And Miguel. But unlike previous research at end of beast, especially now. But unlike previous research, most of the increase in poverty was experienced by White households. The rate actually fell for his spanx and increased only marginally in black households, where I was wrong about that. Still, the poverty rate among blacks, 22.7% and his spanx, 21.4% was roughly double ed of the population at large. Adjusted for inflation, the Census Bureau reported that the median household income fell 2.2% last year. The 42,228, the first decline since 1991. The decline income was broad of not especially steep affecting all but the top 5 to 10% of households is ranked by income. And that interesting? The top 5 to 10% of households is ranked by income. Got that nice big fat tax break from doubt. This report signals a significant reversal of what had been a very positive trend in terms of income and poverty said, By investing, senior economists at the Union, in fact economic policy, and student Washington, It also on his scores to point that the recession was deeper than many had thought. Other data indicates that the decline in household income came largely as result of falling in Plymouth and loss of overtime hours offsetting continued gains in hourly wages. In terms of class breakdown, only households within comes above 150 grand wave of post gains, with the greatest losses in percentage terms occurring at the bottom of the income letter to report showed. Income and black households fell 3.4% more than double the rate of decline in white households. One point, does that, what we said before, no, I don't know. Income and black households fell 3.4% more than double the rate of decline in white households 1.4 and Hispanic 1.6%. I thought it, whatever. When you start getting all these numbers and percentages in the year, you're not going to keep it the same. It does? I thought it said most of the increase in poverty was experienced by White House, The rate actually fell for Hispanics increased only marginally in black households, and then OIC income fell. I see. So in other words, these people already were poor. See what I'm saying? Yes. Also hard to sit where households had it by females, both those with children's and Oh husband present down 3.1% and those were females were living alone down 3.7% At the same time, they weighed gap between men and women continued to shrink, with women last year earning 76 cents per dollar and by men up from 74 cents in 2000. Today we're doing it baby. The bush minceder. Or speaking of people more leaders are really pissed off and fired up. Prince Charles fumes over foxes. You're not going to know whether the scream or look as spotted, when you hear that. Prince Charles reported the report of threat to leave Britain if it banned fox hunting has been welcome by at least one lawmaker. I think it's wonderful. I was keen to go to get rid of fox hunting. I'm doubly keen now. What a bonus. Then a skin or the governing labor party said Monday. Several newspapers reported Sunday that Charles wrote a striden letter to Triminess Prime Minister Tony Blair accused the government of destroying the countryside. How do you like that? He wrote a striden letter to Tony Blair. Both the significant number. Yeah. Charles reportedly passed down remarks made by him, made to him rather by a company and farmer than if we as a group or black or gay, we wouldn't be victimized or picked upon. A statement of Prince apparently agreed with. How do you like that? The mail on Sunday newspaper also said that on an identified senior politician had claimed to have heard the Prince on some unspecified date threatened to emigrate if hunting was stopped. Downing street and St. James Palace both applied to say whether the letter existed or the meeting had taken place. The Prince of Wales is perfectly in table with his views. The Prime Minister in the Prince of a very good relationship said, Blay as a official spokesman who briefed reporters on conditioning man anonymity. He said, keep it mom. He said, I was the queen, mom. Tony banks a labor party candidate for London mayor and a prominent animal welfare campaigner said to report a comments where offensive to two minority groups. If it is true and I know one knows whether it is or not. I think a lot of people will find it both in videos and offensive. I love that word in videos and offensive to talk about minorities, whether they're ethnic minorities or minorities based on sexual orientation. And to compare that with a minority of people who want to carry on ripping wild animals to pieces banks said. Charles comments reported on the day that more than 400,000 farmers gained keepers, hunting enthusiasts and rural residents gathered in London for a rally in support of fox hunting in their rural way of life. Rural affairs minister Ellen Michael said the government understood the concerns of the demonstrators, including closure of rural schools and hospitals and falling farming come. This is never trying to get as closure. Yes. The government had legislation for the whole country, especially on the issue of fox hunting, opinion polls of consistently indicated that a majority of Britain's opposed the sport. To which we say, Oh, right. Thank God for that at least. Okay. They may have really bad smelly teeth and bad breath and all those other things and be constipated emotionally, but at least the majority of Americans this barbaric pile of crap. Let's go get the hounds. The hounds of the bastard veels. 230 votes on our pull on small fill. 71.7% don't watch it allegedly. See how that percentage is ringing up there now. 165. I'm starting to smell something on air. Something stinks on that pole. Lann of Flicks my big 17. I love it 15. I hated it blows 14. It's okay 12 and Tom Molling is God 7. 1041 at 560 WQM only seven with a Tom Molling, which means, you know, don't be more to go around. Follow what I'm saying. I thought there was a lot of them anyway. There is a girl is to go around plenty. We got size 14 feet. Hey, if there's a problem with your carpet, man, like it looks like hell and maybe smells pretty bad too because it's schmutzie. And maybe it's an old carpet. Maybe it's when you think you're going to have to spend a fortune to replace. Here's the good news for you. When it down, pride this out because it'll work for you. Right, concepts. I keep thinking back to those. Roast days at IOD, which is one of the most unsanitary places anyone's ever been allowed to work in. A building that even the roaches were flying out of it. They were like, they were going over to Channel 7. Remember that? Yep. Insects, rodents, everything was fine. We had dry concepts coming when they first came on the air with me, which is a long while. No, not really. They were before that. But I guess that IOD. And they said, we can clean those carpets down there. We couldn't believe it because they had been clean since the building was built about 600 years ago by Mrs. Carl Fisher. Remember her? No. No. Don't you remember that car? We got to come on get wet at anyway. They came in and they cleaned the carpets and made them look brand new and we said to ourselves, if they can make these carpets look brand new, maybe they can make Carl Fisher look brand new. I don't think so though. Too late for him. And they can do the same for you to make a long story short. They'll take even the nastiest looking carpets, no matter how old or whatever they are. And they'll make them look sparkly and just like brand new. They'll smell them and he fresh. They dry them just a couple of hours. And they give you a written guaranteed price. We where they start doing their dry cleaning work. So if you want a spectacular job at a guaranteed low price every time, these are the people you want to call and dry concepts also do a stupidious unbeatable job of cleaning your furniture and drapery. Spive dyeing, fiber protection, carpet repairs, and plant oriental rug service, the authorization and if her flood hits you would always, uh, proper storms and her coons floating around. They do complete water damage restoration too. We got the boat in Broward called 9543707778. 95437078, and later Palm Beach is a toll-free call 1-800-2485071. 1-800-2485071, when using the first time you'll understand what I've been using in my house for over 20 years. Clean today you can entertain tonight with dry concepts. 5-10-6-5-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-7-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-7-6-6-6-6-6-6-7-6-6-8- woolon 8-nhrhave yourself 6-nhrhave yourself 5-nhrhave yourself komen 7-nhrhave yourself 9-nhrhave yourself 6-nhrrave yourself 9-nhrhave yourself 7-nhrnave some lyingyen viennent 6-nhrhave yourself 6-nhrhave yourself 9-nhrhave yourself 8-nhrhave yourself 8-nkraft variable 8-nhrhave yourself Raise me in. Isn't it time you scored some pain relief? Joy-Critus, available at your local pharmacy. Not on the shelves. Just ask that dude who works at the camera counter. Oh man, look at that dude, man. Oh he's got some good joy. Man, a squeeze cut, a pre-must. Oh yeah. 1048 at 560, nobody can't go to Mad Dog coming to Womu. We got the Humper with those big numbers, baby. They got Janet Numbers. As Neil is lobbering again about Thumpers, Big Numbers, and turns out it was really... That put him over the top. I'll never get over that call as long as I live there. They'd eat that call this morning. I'm most sucking around again, sucking around, sucking and sucking. Because like I've told you before, 95% of people at CalTalk shows need mental health. And thank you all for what they ought to be. They ought to put him in a rubber room with Todd Drek. That's a fate that they all deserve. You think I'm joking about him, you wait till he has spit hits the fan. Okay, because this guy, seriously, I think what we're going to do is stick the Colligan man right up his ass. That's what I'm going to do when we get back. All these guys that have been rafing mold were getting them off mosaise, they're going to be lining up to rape Todd. And the first one's going to be the Colligan man. He's going to be squealing like Ned Bidiel instead of making those oinking sounds. He's going to be saying, hey Colligan man, hey Colligan over and over again. You see, you'll see. Because this is a man who absolutely is, he's over his head. He's drowning in a sea of an aptitude. He can't do it. He can't write copy. He don't know from copy. If you recall a Colligan episode, which were people who absolutely loved me, loved me, obsessed with me. Which are our too many of those around. And this guy screwed it up. Him and his buddy with that phony agency, his that, what the hell was that guy's name? Leo the lip, something like that. Lip off. See, I knew the guy's name man. This is a rhetorical question. You're supposed to just dummy up. Oh, I'm saying you'll get that guy started again, I see. And they ran some kind of a promotion and it didn't make any sense. Remember that copy? I don't remember exactly what it was. But it didn't make any sense. I don't know. And I kept saying, if we don't understand what this is for, how does the audience, I mean, oh no father was, that's what the agency wants. Todd, you can't do it because you're in that. Okay. So, the sales guy who just takes a bunch of stuff from some asshole and an agency and hands into the talents, says, here make magic with us. Who the hell are you? Who the hell are you? Kiddon? That we work our big mouth. Four hours a guy damn day to get you these big numbers. So you go out there and sell something, huh? And pretend to be a guy named here oughta be a superstar. God is he a priest, a Dreck. Oh, sorry. S. California, I worked up about him now because all the King's horses and all the King's horses are there. Cannot get him. They can't coerce him to do his job. They can't force him. And of course, the bitch back there, she's too busy with a guy damn blow up dollar. Roooo! Faster! She's busy in the back. She's got the door lock and got one knows what she's doing There. Roooo! Man. I heard the rumor up here is she's got to come up here and join the role Mounties. Is what I'm hearing. X-Chalifornia priest arrested for abuse. Santa Anna, California. Remember that song, 26 miles by the four preps? Nope. Santa Anna, California. But, uh, Boca Bride on that was on catheter records by the four preps. About 600 years ago, it was a great song. I was, it was... Serapy. A former Roman Catholic priest has been arrested on molestation charges after religious confessing to what undercover deputy posing as his... ...as his out of what like daughter. Number five. What is that? I better read that again. Okay. A former Roman Catholic priest has been arrested on molestation charges after the judge is confessing to an undercover deputy posing as his out of what like daughter. I get it. Gerald John Plazette's 59 of orange was taken the custody of his home on three counts of child molestation, said orange County Sheriff's spokesman Jim Amirmino. Plazette was arrested after an undercover deputy posing as the alleged victim's daughter. Confront of the former priest about a girl who allegedly he broke the witch child 30 years ago. This is kind of like a Julian cranting from passions. In fact, that's what I'm going to do about Tondrick. I'm getting the whole of Tabatha, Tecciva and Eval Connie, and I'm having an even what's your name? Zombie Sheriff. And I'm having all four of them put a goddamn spell on Todd Drek. He's going to have evil things calling inside his... He's going to wake up in the middle of night in a cold sweat wondering why he was such a piece of Drek all his life. You mark my words. Evil things are coming his way. Investigators co-operatively take the conversation between the police and the police. The police are proposing his victim's daughter and obtained incriminating statements. Amirmino said, Plazette's who was being held on $50,000 bail with charge under way statute limitation provision that gives authorities the right to file charges up to a year after the victim's been identified. The victim came forward several months ago. Amirmino said, although authorities identified Plazette's a former priest who was not immediately clear where and under what circumstances he left to priesthood. A telephone call to the RIC's orange was not of course immediately returned. The victim alleged she was molested by Plazette's between April 1472 and October 1st, 74 according to a criminal complaint filed by the DEA's office. The woman now 45, and she was a member of the choir at St. Edward Catholic Church when she first met Plazette, who played piano for the choir the complaint said. The woman said her relationship with Plazette's end of which became pregnant at the age 16. It was unclear why prosecutors didn't charge him with statutory rape. The woman told her parents that Plazette was the father court of the complaint. Plazette's told a family would take care of it and pay the expenses of the birth of a substitute and a subsequent adoption. The woman went to police several months ago after hearing of other abused priest cases. And here's another one. Oh my god. Worked to a goddamn ass. Back home in priest crap, you know what? And of course the mainstream media and other, they've got them tied up. So between once and between the Miss America with the godfather crap and the family of Italians, between that and then the kid beating a bitch there from the whatever the tinkerers. Yes. And then of course we're on Iraq. That's it. They don't have time for these other things. This is old news. Oh, and I have, and I also speaking not having time. I'll never get to it today. It was in my pile for yesterday. I haven't even come close to that Brittany story. What you're probably happy about that. Yeah. T. May reduce risk of cancer and heart disease. I don't have time for that either. But I just mentioned that it's screaming it out. T. Green T. Baby start to reckon it by the gallon. Green T. Company keeps the old thing away. Where is that? God, they're about the Vatican May. They may go along with this thing. Oh, Craig, you have any idea how much stuff I have got to. INS and Agent Settle Discrimination lawsuit filed in a wake of alien Gonzalez Raid. Never got to that yet. Dr. Rikyu, the molesting two people. Faith heroes call on God to revive dead teen at her funeral. Did you ever that story? Yeah. Didn't work yet. They're still waiting. But in the meantime, I just, there's just too much crap here. You know, it's almost enough to make me shmit can that new to one thing today. That Wednesday, new to one comedy bit thing. You notice what the operative war wasn't that sentence though? Thinking about it. Now almost. Oh. A Virginia priest was stripped of his ministry yesterday after a month-long investigation on earth decades old incidents of sexual misconduct with minors, DIC's officials said. The Reverend Eugene Tesla Lova took past the same looks in Virginia Vite as been rural from all priestly duties. Said the Reverend Pasqualea Puzzo. I love that name. Pasqualea Puzzo. A spokesman for the Roman Catholic DIC's of Richmond. Bishop Walter F. Sullivan began investigating full of civics after the priest informed the DIC's that someone had recently approached him about a past sexual impropriety. The incident took place in 1977, allegedly, about a parishioner in his 20s. A Puzzo said. Sullivan subsequently determined that his logo to be involved in several incidents of sexual misconduct with minors during late 70s and mid 80s. A Puzzo said none of the victims have come forward. He said no information that they've been forwarded to prosecutors. That's not that good. That's sketchy. We want the hot good stuff. We want the heavy meat. We don't want the kind of like thinly veiled accusations. 10. 56. 5. 60. 60. 60. If you like the wear of veil over your head, the cover up your growing bald spot. If you're starting to look like Jesse Ventura on a bad day, or maybe like Lex Luther. Huh? Right. There you go. I mean, that looked maybe in his manner. I noticed that Clark seems to have taken a real shine to him in his life. And I was thinking like, shave in my head. You think it'll work? Oh, don't help. But anyway, if you'd rather have hair because the bald spot may be good for a few guys. You know, like Malcolm, people like that, Western peace. But the fact of the matter is, most people would like to have a nice looking head of hair. And how do you do that? You call our good buddy to hear expert, Charles Alfieri, and told him to free at 1-800-3-2124-13. They'll set up a free appointment. There's no obligation to give you the little consultation. They'll sit your ass down and they'll show you just how much better they can make you look and feel and smell and how much younger also. And I think you'll say, yes, please, please do it. Because if very minimal price they can make you look younger and better than he have in years and probably better than you ever thought you would again. We're not talking about a mossy looking muskware on your head. We're not looking. We're not looking. We're not. We're not. We're not looking to see. So is theSDC. and you've gotta see us Duo did or what. We're talking we're talking about the natural hairline system which is so great because it looks like here's really grown right out of your scalp. When you mentioned you were just when you make that call you get your special $200 wqAeng discount. And you got nothing to lose with the balled spot because Charlie completely guarantees his work. If you're not ecstatic with the weight. Looked s fuelgil s Hall 1-800-3-21-24-13, or log under the website if you like at CharlesAlphiary.com. How young is too young? What was got me shooting like a pooping queen? I want you to do me, be so smooth and plain. Her feet weigh too pretty, I can't be strained. I get lost if he can't move, he's getting hit by a tank of women watching Superman. You've got to have Tom Welley, I'm willing to grab a piece of well, but Tom Welley and my son are bourbon. You will give me a soul of love. Motherly Brooke Atchest beat up women's shock, and she beat up girls in the woods, and the young is still a bit slow tomorrow state of  water all the permanent love, and mong guitar I am in charge of the highest number. Yes, I just am. I'm really... I'm really... I'm really... I'm really... I'm really... I'm really... I'm really... Sportsburg! Did he say something about crispy peony? Level 3 at 560 WTQAM? Look at this U.S. troops around any ivory coast. Now what's U.L. like that? Or ivory or coast? I need a... Sacred. Oh. I can't like I was spring myself. I was shawd with... I was spring this morning, but I want to keep track out there. Although I usually do, I like coast, for like, well, ivory I hate you. Why don't you why? Why? Floating? Any white soap? Oh yeah. Is like a lard. Got that smell too. Oh! My mother always... Anytime I'm other used to stay at the house like to take her to the dogs, you know? And I'd come back from vacation and sure enough there'd be a bar of freaking ivory soap in my shower. Whatever the good stuff I had in there before. But I was like already shmid can, you know? And there'd be a bar of ivory soap... Square... Right. And you know the... So-poldered little-a-sop dish that's got like the little pegs on it. And it always makes like little holes in the bottom of ivory soap, you know what I'm saying? Yes. And you pick it up and it's like holding a block of lard. Mm-hmm. And you just want to say, Fah! Ma! Your taste is in your tush, Ma! So I forget about ivory soap. And anyway, they went on the air because there's Louisiana. The big E.C. Why do they call it that? Because it's easy, I guess, to get laid there. It's a piece of crap New Orleans. There's one of the few things I agree with Moa bought. I heard him this morning, railing on New Orleans in the middle of one of his tie rates. He's right about that. Oh, speaking of Moa and our noon to one hour today, I think there may be kind of like a special theme to some of the bits we're going to play. A block? Yeah, like a block. A moa block. No relation to course to her block. Remember her block? No. Coalition wants to change hotel porn channels. This is something that I have people steaming. A group that helped pull the plug on explicit adult movies that three Cincinnati area hotels met Monday and Washington, D.C. With 14 other grassroots organizations and hopes of exing out such entertainment at lodging nationwide. I got the idea how many countries in the rest of the world they have. They have porn on movies on over the air TV. Right. We're talking about in hotels. We're going to put on a full-core press to educate people that hotels are distributing hardcore pornography says field, brewers, president of the Cincinnati Bay Citizens for community values. One of the groups in the coalition that he says represents more than 20 million families and meets regularly discussed decency issues. Brewers is the coalition will urge attorney general John Hermon Gearing Ascrop and the Justice Department of Cracked On On Hotel porn, which often has distributed across state lines. Susan Drydney, Justice Department spokeswoman says the Department is committed to enforcement of federal obscenity laws. Hotel room pay per view offerings have become more graphic in recent years showing close-ups of all manner of sex acts for us says. He ought to know I but she's making a study out of it. The pro-family groups say kids can access many hotels conflicts at the click of a button. In August his group alerted prosecutors to the nature of edel ferrathy, Mary-Ottenorthy St. Mason, Ohio, and at a new port Kentucky comfort sweets. Authorities got similar complaints about a new port travel lodge. The three hotels agreed to stop the offerings after prosecutors said they violated community standards of decency, the court test for whether material is legally obscene. Currently, the American Family Association of Michigan is urging prosecutors in that state to go after hotels offering explicit fair and grand rapids, Holland and Midland, Michigan. Across the country, perhaps unknowingly, hotels are breaking the law. A lot of them in Tureley sell opens them up to prosecutions as Bruce Taylor, a former prosecutor and a president of the nonprofit National Law Center for Children's and Families. Hotel choice a chain say they say something outrageous. It's a matter of choice. What a concept. We understand that this is a level of sensitivity and different feelings about the subject matter. As Roger Conner, a Mary-Otten spokesman, we provide a wide range of choices and anyone can block edel entertainment out. Nobody has to see it. But many guests are choosing the Racy stuff. It's a major business in the US hotel market. Approximately $500 million a year is his Leonard Sebel, President of Cablecorp, where would show a help-so-tells bill for in-room entertainment. Typically, 50 to 60% of pay per view hotel sales involved in out products he says. Explosiveness is increased because the customers want it. Tad Walden vice president of marketing at On Command, a leading provider of wide range of in-room hotel entertainment, says it's an alpharis the same as offered by cable companies or said like TV companies for home viewing. And he says we try to adhere to the various standards and various communities. Meanwhile, the on-lay hotel chain, which voluntarily removed adult movies two years ago, reports that it's lost revenue, but we have had over 50,000 messages of support so spokeswoman Kim Blackman, one traveling business band wrote, thanks for taking away the temptation. Oh, oh, man. And of course those letters of support. Those are worth what? Squad, Squatsky. Here's our support. Where can I go state your hotel and go money? But here we spent 37 cents in the alpharis of $39. The stock will show you how much of the letters of the dividend. And of course, they probably all like four letters anyway. And all like they always do all the family and socials. And all these other funny, bologna so-called family. Focus on the family. Focus on your focus. Focus on your crox, all of a sudden crap. Full of people. Getting. I got to read that last line again. Thanks for taking away the temptation and the supreme and merry wells at all these other asswarters. Thanks for taking away the temptation. Jesus Christ. Yeah, he's been on it too. And. See at least when I put these things together, I put them like in some kind of logical order I think. Try to mix it up a little bit, but if you're related, you just follow them saying yes. My pie, my bedtime story is try to keep the theme going. A statue of limitation, this is in the Houston Chronicle yesterday. Ever read the Houston Chronicle? Nope. Conroe, remember Conroe takes us there with some crap going on in Conroe. Sounds familiar. A group of Montgomery County Social Conservatives is attending two more victories, one in the form of a new library review policy, the other in the form of a plaster fig leaf. The latter recently was placed strategically on a replica of Michelangelo's classic statue of David, which is stood new to top a sporting goods store in the town of Shenandoah. The former was adopted Monday after long to make before a commissioners court giving the head of the Republican leadership council location to claim another success with commissioners. Although the council failed earlier this year to outst the County Republican Party's longtime chairman, council president Jim Jenkins counter the new library policy as a win. But the head of the County Democratic Party won the commissioners could be headed down a dangerous path. The clear and apparent effort that the commissioners court made over time and incremental steps has been to appease a very impassioned group of voters and hopes that each baby step would satisfy them and make them go away to the Democratic Chairman Raymond McNeill. Raymond McEel. Good. And listening what he considered as group free-synth victories, Jenkins said the RLC is also persuaded commissioners to use an internet filter to screen computers at the library for pornography and a put-plex reading in God we trust in county libraries. The group also supported recent efforts to add the touch of modesty to the statue he said and remove some art from an Italian restaurant. Are you ready for this? I'm following. To remove some art from an Italian restaurant. In a private place of business. Yeah. But McNeill warned that if commissioners think they have satisfied the group, they may be in for a big surprise. Clearly with each incremental step the RLC and its allies have seen each concession as an energizing mobilizing rallying point, wedding the appetite for further gains he said. County judge Alan B. Sattler denied that the commissioners were catering to the group. This is being portrayed as if these were exclusively Republican leadership counsel extremist issues said. They said it was started by the Republican leadership counsel, but we are not reacting necessarily to the Republican leadership counsel whatever that means. He said the issues reflect means to opinion in the county. Republicans dislikes the terms arts conservative and far right, but county GOP chairman Walter D. Wilkerson Jr., a target of the council's iridesfiedist success in switching the county from Democrat to Republican stronghold as a different view. They are not mainstream on the political spectrum. He said they are on the radical right and no political organization or movement has ever succeeded in winning unless you and they position themselves to the far right or far left of the spectrum. He said the council overstates its fans of success noting that it's never back to winning candidate for office above precinct chairman. Well, then everybody would like to be precinct chairman of what precinct. Although the reason decision by manners of the port of Fender Schaffin said in a place of fig leaf on the statue of David did not result from the RLC's action. The group expressed support for the move of the statue stands atop an Ashman sporting good store where it moved from eye level. They moved it so you know, have to eyeball it. Diane O'Witt of Shenandoah's complaint led to the addition of the fig leaf since he shares the RLC's view but prefers to call her protest a personal effort by concerned citizen. She said she's not satisfied with the fig leaf and impressed at the statue of someplace where children can't see it without parental permission. Oh, oh, our business guy and baby crazy people like that. Like the bushy's man like John Aschra and Hermann and Yering Rumsfield is this crowd. Boy, remember what William Holden's wife, what that was a name Beatrice straight and that work? Yes, she said you're in for some dreadful times and he said I know it. And then that line applies so well. It applies so perfectly to the poor US today. Don't forget if you're good about all this stuff, okay? Go get yourself some good times while you still can while still legal. Do you enjoy your Jamaal book of Brian and Carlos? Maybe Carlos a good lucky night. What do you think? Five to seven at treachery while a little creative out the pulmet. I don't just know that the 120 second street exit. Maybe Carlos and Fat boys, Fat boy going to be there? I don't know. He'll be there. Maybe he'll let you push his cheer a little bit. I've done that. Stop by for our usual crappy prizes and two for one drinks. That's a treachery while at tonight. And of course, if Fat boys there, you'll need three for one drink. Yeah, you'll take a few could him. Twelve minutes after 11 at five, 60 WQAM, Tom Layman and Halibut Potty at GMCR doing it big time again. Like they always are down there working on bigger and better deals to save you more money and make you a happy customer who'll keep coming back. Zero percent fine-ancing continues as I speak this moment at Halibut. That's correct. You heard me right with a proof credit from GMAC. It's zero percent fine-ancing up to 36 months on all 2003, Potty Action GMC models or take yourself a big Fat rebate, big Fat one, speaking to him, above the $4,000 and all 2002, Pontiacs or GMC models in stock. What I'm seeing speaking to him, I'm talking about Fat Boy, not Tom Layman who's a tall, lanky guy. Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs including the on-voi, voted by Motor Trend as the SUV of the year and the all-new exciting Pontiac Vibe SUV. That's got the power of a Racy Sportscar, but you as hell don't compare to my Corvets. Halibut's also got us to pin us on beautiful selection of the Pettable pre-owned cars, trucks SUVs and if somebody else turned you down for credit, when you're trying to buy a car, a pup tent, whatever, have no fear because Halibut is here. They'll get you a deal, cut, they'll get you into a spectacitor deal. So if you want an unbeatable deal on Pontiac GMC's, this is the place, see Tom and all our good friends at Halibut Pontiac, 134-1-Sufftixia Highway, where they'll treat you right. That's on US-1 right across from the falls open every day of your life, seven days a week. Halibut Pontiac GMC, where they continue to say, we be professional grade. Hey, hang this up, baby. Push it for Sonic and Sonic. Push it for Sonic and Sonic. Katelyn said right off the bed, played it. He bought an expectation to win it. They were getting too close to the towel headed, fighting down and taking his fall above a crew of dead. We're drawing it now. Push it for Sonic and Sonic and Sonic. Push it for Sonic and Sonic and Sonic. Push it for Sonic and Sonic. Push it for Sonic and Sonic. If they don't think this one would be tight, three dozen might will never be a pinch. Push your brain wash fucking. Also cut their poop into your point, and cut their nub into a fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking. Push it for Sonic and Sonic and Sonic and Sonic. Push it for Sonic and Sonic and Sonic and Sonic and Sonic. Hey, okay. Push it just for anybody. Push it just for anybody. Fuck it. Push it just for anybody. Push it just for anybody. Fuck it. Cut your head. Your foundation of going. 118. You just sent me a real purple reman. One of the best<|zh|><|zh|>. He has<|zh|><|zh|>. Two of the worst. He didn't bother looking at who those emails were from. Steve Dangerfield. I thought a couple of them were. They were. No, they weren't from him. He didn't send them to us. I'm missing the other name that we're gonna see. Yeah. So went and down. Toss him up. Anyway, this one from Adam. No, this is the Adam. I hope you're still listening, baby. This is the greatest facts I've ever got in mind. You know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna save this. I'm gonna save this. No, seriously, I think I got the smoking gun. I forgot. Correct. Thank you so much. Oh, man. He says, love you guys more than life itself. Meaning George and Neil. And Adam believe me. It's mutual. I mean, this story here. This is so good. So freaking good. Was that Todd Dreck? This is just amazing. So we got the goods on Utah. Sweetheart. Okay. You a little piece of crap. Hey Todd. Let's get some copy and Eric Quiddbelly. It can okay. We're not gonna, he thinks the rest of the world's gonna do his job. You know? The agency's gonna do it. The dog's gonna do it. Somebody else is gonna do it. You'll do it. You a little piece of crap. You a little piece of Dreck. You scumbag. You Neanderthal idiot. See what we get at 2 AM and a sales department generally speaking. It's the rejects from cheap channel. And why do we get that? Because our sales manager such as he is screw in. Her husband happens to me. The sales manager for cheap channel. Which is one of the most bizarre arrangements in the history of broadcasting. Whoever heard of such a thing. So anybody that he can't handle over there that he can't take anymore like crazy psychotic PD Lenny with his leather skin or Todd Dreck. Where any of these other misfits? They ship him over to her. Oh sure. We'll take anybody. And then of course, fat boy. Fat boy. They're lucky and hell there was not a real fire alarm that day. Well seriously, can you, can you imagine a lawsuit and the grease fire? Man, a grease fire. Forget about the grease fire. It's talk about no more brought words. We could add Chuck him over, open up a separate branch. We could have been barbecue in there for years. Here's my Dutch friend. He says, for a more can meal. Well, I said that good that time. Nice. Monday, you had an interesting poll about the calls. It said, I think we nice to take somebody. Let me ask you something. What kind of a show would you like to run? Talk show callers reading bedtime stories, pitching with George. I think it's much more fun with all this, uh, assholes calling in. You find out what people care about, uh, nothing, but it does give some form of entertainment. Exactly. I don't care as long as you're running. Tell them like it is sucks. Chuck, do you think we should attack it? Ha ha ha. Oh, brother. Wow. Do we put scene? Bye-bye. Calm down. Yeah, he had too much of that bad Dutch food. I think is what his problem was. Robert Fisk, the dishonesty of the so-called dossier, or his Phil Vonna, he said last night, dossier. He said that. Okay. Look, dossier, the 100. If you can still, you know, read, uh, uh, a teleprompter, when you get to be 100, I'll give you all the credit in the world. Of course, I'll be long-dane. You know, and here is, is why is the first time I ever signed? Yeah. He's, he's pathetic. He's a dot-ing old man now. And it's very sad. Wait, you know what? Be like it. Like if NBC tried to bring Greg Jack par. How do you know, wouldn't it be a kind of ridiculous? He is still alive. Have you seen pictures of him in the tabloids? No. He looks like, you know, when you get to a certain point, and maybe he's had so many faceless, he looks like the skin has been stretched over the skeleton of his face. You know what I'm saying? Yes. And Jack par was great. I love Jack par. He didn't have too many bigger fans than me. He had great guests. It was a funny and show. He was great. And he was, you know, he was kind of like, uh, you know, like me. He was a pain in the ass, which I like that. I like, guys, we're a pain instead of always, yeah. Ha ha, you know, that kind of fully happy go lucky crap. I'm not into that. I like guys who occasionally would be like a personality, you know, he was up at the in person, a kid, and if they crap on him, he'd get up and walk out and threaten never to come back, and, etc. It was fun. But anyway, he's done. That's what I'm trying to say. It was fun. But now he's done. And the same with Phil. And at the same time, see what I don't understand is, I guess the liberals are watching smallville on the WB. And they're watching the Racy shows on Fox, but they're watching something. They're watching porn movies and some hotel, but they're sure he's not watching Donahue. And of course, the writers, they're all, they're all, they got their shovels out, man, or poop or scoops, and they're scooping up all the crap, they can get from Bill O'Reilly. Don't confuse me with the facts O'Reilly. I'll say one thing about him. He may not be accurate, release these consistently. He's consistently full of this. There's no idea what he's talking about. Yep. If these pages of trickery are based on probably and if we have no business of going to warrant, says Robert Fisk in the UK independent, 20 Blurz dossier on Iraqish, a shocking document, reading it can only fill a decent human being with shame and outrage. Its pages are final proof if the contents are true, that a massive crime against humanity has been committed in Iraq. For the details of Saddam's building of weapons and mass destruction, if they are correct, and it will come to ifs and buts and coulds later, it means that our massive of structured brutal policy of UN sanctions is totally failed. In other words, half a minute in Iraq, each children were killed by us for nothing. Let's go back to May 12, 1996. Madeline Albright, the US Secretary of State had told us that sanctions worked and prevented Saddam from rebuilding weapons and mass destruction are Tory government agreed and Tony Blair faithfully told the line. He told it to line. But on May 12th May, Ms. Albright appeared on CBS television, Leslie Stahl, the interview asked, we have heard that a half a million children have died. I mean, that's more than dying in Hiroshima. And you know, is the price worth it? To the world's astonishment, Mrs. Albright replied, I think this is a very hard choice, but the price we think could price is worth it. Even Bob Barker was washing. Now we know if Mr. Blair's telling us the truth that the price was not worth it. The price was paid in the lives of hundreds of thousands of children, but it wasn't worth a dime. The Blair dossier tells us that despite sanctions, Saddam was able to go on building weapons and mass destruction, all that nonsense about dual use technology, the ban on children's pencils, because lead could have military use and our refusal to allow Iraq to import equipment to restore the water treatment plants that we've found in the Gulf War was a sham. This terrible conclusion is the only moral one to be drawn from the 16 pages that supposedly the tale the chemical biological nuclear horrors that the beast of Baghdad has in store for us. It's difficult reading the full report to know whether to laugh or cry, that agree of deceit and duplicity and production speaks of the trickery that informs the Blair government and its treatment of NPs. There are a few tidbits that ring true, the new ammonium pecclerate plant illegally supply by an Indian company, which breached those wonderful yuan sanctions, of course, is a frightening little detail, so is the new rocket test that they end at the Al-Rafa plant, but this material is so swamped in trickery and savory that its inclusion becomes worthless. Here's one example of the dishonesty of the dossier on page 45 we're told in long chapter about Saddam's human right abuses, that on March 1st, 1991, in the wake of the Gulf War, war riots broke out in the southern city of Vazra, spreading quickly to other cities and she had dominated southern Iraq, the regime responded by killing thousands. What's wrong with this paragraph is the lie in the use of the word riots, they were not riots, they were part of a mass rebellion specifically called for by President Bush Jr.'s father and by a CIA radio station Saudi Arabia. The Xi'a Muslims were a lack of vagueness to Bush Sr.'s appeal, and we were then then they were then left to their fate by the Americans in British, who they had been given every reason to believe would come to their help. Just like the Hongarians, by the way, in 56. Yes. No one did they die in their thousands, but that's not what the Blair dossier tells us. In anyone reading the Weasel words, no doubt, are that are insinuated throughout this text, can only have profound concern about the bases for which Britain is not to go as said to go to war. The Iraqi weapon program is almost certainly seeking to win in rich uranium. It appears that Iraq is attempting to acquire a magnet production line. There's evidence that Iraq is trying to acquire specialized aluminum tubes using the enrichment of uranium, but there's no definite intelligence that is destined for a nuclear program. If Iraq obtained missile material, Iraq could produce nuclear weapons in one or two years. It's difficult to judge whether all who's saying missiles could be available for use. Efforts to regenerate the Iraqi missile program probably began in 1995, and so that ASEA goes on, ifs and butts and probably is in babies. Now, maybe sedan is restarted as WMD program. Let's say it all out 20 times, Sodom is a brutal butchered tyrant, but are almost certainly appears probably and if we need the rallying call to scenario, when the years off to the deserts of Kut al-Amarah, where the helan is? There's high praise for you and weapons inspectors, there's more trickery in the relevant chapter. A course doctor hands blicks, we've been in that two that before, executive chairman of the UN Instruction Commission saying that the absence of post-1998 inspections it's impossible to verify Iraqi disarmament compliance, but on August 16 of this year, the very same doctor blicks told AAP that he couldn't say what's certainly that Baghdad does possess weapons of mass destruction. This question is excites on the blood dossier of course. So there it is if these pages of trickery are based on probably and if we have no business going to war, if they are all true, we murder half a million Iraqi children, how's that for a war crime? Hmm. Just mention that in passing Tony. 1127 at 560 WQM, let me tell you about an exciting thing coming up in just a couple of days. Pompo-Park is back in action starting this Friday, September 27. New first race post time 715 p.m. for the first time in the 40 year history of Pompo-Park, there'll be free clubhouse grant and and let me sit again, free clubhouse and free grants and admission all season long and as always, free general parking. Two no wages this season come play the super super with a $10,000 bonus payout or try one of their two pick four wages. For opening night this Friday, it'll be free prize drawing to win one of five trips for two to the Crystal Palace casino and hotel and Anasaba Hamas, bring the children out too because opening that will be the first of Pompo-Park's monthly family family fun nights with free popcorn coloring contest, clowns, face painting, animal balloons, gifts and of course the fabulous Pompo-Park miniature horses giving rise from 7 to 9 p.m. There'll also be lots of giveaways, free spins on the prize wheel, I think they stole ours and special displays for the parents too. For the next three weeks, Pompo-Park will be open for live racing, your refriting and Saturday, the track is open of course every day, 7 days and nights a week for final casting starting a new. Pompo-Park Power Line wrote a block out of the line before we go to our new post time, starting this Friday night 715 p.m. free clubhouse, free grants, admission and free general parking as well. Bye Hey O. I And local here supports radio 560 29 Rescuing 2a ncinominiously no start was Twentyh macro mind more than person are they still women as this middle no A couple megatons, barming around. Oh! In the go-go, let him off the hook. I think it's time to give his butter wool. So it's time to load those people on their right. I'll be around till there's nothing left to see. I'll be around till Santa's six feet deep. I'll be around. Blow up the creed. I'll be around. And the snake has got some dirt. And he ever goes to bed with the butter wool. And he never goes to bed with the butter wool. He'll play the prayer. We're gonna be late. Because some of those scouts won't be done. I'll be around. We'll bring it to an end. I'll be around. Blow him up again. I'll be around. I'll be around. Blow up. I'm pretty 4.5. Six feet. I'll be around. I'll be around. I'll be around. I'll be around. I'm pretty young but I'm at the rain and I'm actually there, haven't we? Several Garth cloak. Not as reportedly in folka. But apparently forth over those, we there and that there are swells of this and rower. But but then we don't. That's a thing that we definitely don't have to in our, a change of performance of our units. Of course Wife, we're dealing with compost from how long you've got that thing. We've already done something like a ordinance your In February 1996, several Sudanese officials visited the U.S. to press their case in the face of American refusal, Sudan's settle for demanding the departure of bin Laden to Afghanistan and May of the same year. The Sudanese offer was renewed in 1997 and again in 1998, months were a jaws to confirm that U.S. authorities again refused all offers of help from Sudan, even when Sudan's intelligence services offered to hand over dossiers compiled on bin Laden. Among these documents were intelligence on the activities of a serious Syrian businessman who frequented the same mosque in Hamburg, Germany as to the suicide pilots of September 11. And identical offer was made again in vain in July 2000 after the attack against the U.S. as cool in Yemen. You believe whatever you want, okay, boys and girls? 328 votes on our pool. What's your take on TV show a small drill on which was a very emotional episode last night. It was just a gut wrencher. What's your take? Well, look at time, national. Studies in the war and I said, without question, I can't bring myself to believe that it is. I can't believe any president or any administration would politicize the war. But then I read in the paper this morning. Now, even the president. President, the president is quoted in the Washington Post this morning as saying that Democratic, the Democratic Control Senate is not interested in the security of the American people. Not interested in the security of the American people. It's held Senator in no way he's not interested in the security of the American people. You tell those who fought in Vietnam and in World War II they're not interested in the security of the American people. That is outrageous. Outweights. The president ought to apologize to Senator in no way and every veteran who has fought in every war who is a Democrat in the United States Senate. He ought to apologize to the American people. That is wrong. We are not politicizing this war. We are not politicizing the rhetoric about war and life and death. I was enormity. This last year, I've been a national cemetery all over this country. And I have never seen anything but stars that the style of David and crosses on those markers. I've never seen Republican and Democrat. The old gunsling in Gunton Bullcraft. Tom Dashel actually grew a little period. He's a little bit horse this morning. Maybe we're on the raciest. That's a small horse. At least one thing he didn't say this morning was. And trash didn't say that. Okay, twenty before the hour. Let's get serious. Let's do the break. Let's get in that new hour. Let's give you a few laughs. But I want to get all bogged down in his horse. Even though it's coming. Whether everybody likes it or not. By the way, in spite of Tony Blair's impassioned appeal, the overwhelming majority of Brits are against the Brits doing anything unless you win the drafts of resolution. And they go in there and do the. And so was he by the way. So was Tony Blair in his speech, which you got twisted out of context yesterday. He didn't say, hey, let's go in and kick his ass. He said, you want to need to draft a resolution and we need to go in there and take a look in the scour, etc. And so on. And if they don't comply, they will go in there. Kick his ass. Just because we got the gun, Tottenham, cowboy over there in the West. Very sad. Put that in. How's that market doing by the way, is off to a good start this morning. Now is up 73, NASDAX up 14, nothing spectacular. 77, 57, 57, you want to know about it. By the way, some micro systems about two and a half bucks. Want some? Yeah. Got some palm about 77 cents for free. Tony Till noon at 5.60. WQAM. The lights of West. Vocal doesn't give anything for free over there, but just about next to it. Because they got the lowest prices in the universe on Akins die products. That's right. The lights as your official Akins die retail center at all Akins brands are 25% off today. Next, circus. Hey, happy circus. Every day. The lights carry the complete line of Akins die products as well as over 500 delicious low carb and sugar free foods. For you fat people out there who are desperate to lose weight, believe me. Real carb dieting works for a lot of people. And if you want to store that's entirely devoted to you, this is the place. The lights of West Vocal they've been your leader in low carb sugar free diet feel for a year's and years now. Over 100 of their slimmer and happy customers will testify. There's no better store. There's no competition. The lights will not be under sole. And of course, they got those great post-assages to which I love, which are some of the best in the world with almost no carbs. And of course, you can try anything in the store before you buy it too, which you won't find it. Certainly, I can find that in your supermarket. The lights are incredibly inausable. That will walk you through the store, pointing right direction. Show you the messed at TD Lenny left on the floor and show you one is the pounds complying off your formerly. Tubby body. Don't forget there's only one you like the most. Vocal is devoted to you and your weight loss efforts. Open every day, seven days a week till 10 p.m. You'll find them on the Northeast corner of Glades and 441 in Boca. You can call them at this tool for a number. 1-877 low carb and you check them out on the web if you like it. Low carb.com. Don't forget that's the LysuOS Vocal you official atkins died retail center. My life and low. This is for 3-0 by 60. 2-0, 2-0, 1-0. You have just tasted your snob. Good big nail, it's big and affordable. There is a child living down in Mexico who has to go to work every day. It's at his desk making clothes for caffeine. Loves the work but does love the pain. They are the kids who make the glory. They are the ones who make a bucket of days of quick complaining. It's just clothes and making. Time you love to find. It's true they make a bucket of day with caffeine. 1-45, what do you want? That's what Carlos is making. You got to start slow. You know, he can't start at the top of the totem pool. That's what Rondi is always said. 246 votes on our pool, speaking of pools and we asked what's your take on the TV show smallville. Certainly one of the most brilliant shows. See if that's just the fact that there is a hot looking people on it show. It's a good show. You don't think? It's a fine show. The stories are compelling and they're interesting and they like leave you hang in for a little bit more and whatever. That bump on the back of Lexus had really bugs. Well, I think he made bump him off is what may happen. Because now as last night's episode ends, there's still buddy buddy and even even where he saves the what's his name Jonathan's life. Lex, I shoot the other guy there. There we are, nosey reporter. And finally they reach out and you're a little bit of a handshake but you just had that feeling like this. I think it'll last too long. You know what I'm saying? You're gonna last too long. Senate approves end of end by the way. Something. Yes. I have this noon to one hour that I'm compiling today or Wednesday noon to one hour. I think it's going to be amazing. Okay. I'm just looking. I'm taking a look at the resources that we have here available for this hour. I think you're going to be pretty entertaining as they say in the business. I couldn't be wrong but we'll see. Senate approves end of end of the panel to probe September 11 of the tax. The Senate voted yesterday to set up an independent commission with broad powers to investigate the events leading to the nine level of tax in the aftermath. President Bush again urged Congress to finish work on his proposed Homeland Security Department. The vote to create the new 10 member commission was 90 to eight and came less than a week after the Bush administration dropped its opposition. The measure by senators Jewelie Rommand Democratic Connecticut and John McCain Republican Arizona was an attached as a member to the Homeland Security bill and we're glad to see McCain's face here will not begin to you know it. Yeah. He's looking a lot better now. He was looking pretty grim there for a while. McCain said the commission's work will tell you American people the truth about how our government was not prepared for the threat of catastrophic terrorism last September. Earlier the Senate defeated by a 7228 measure by Senator Robert Burr to West Virginia that would have required Bush to gain additional congressional approval in three stages over 13 months as 22 federal agencies are transferred to a new cabinet level agency. Bush told reporters after a cabinet meeting that there's still time to get a Homeland Security bill done one who will give us all the tools necessary to protect the homeland. I think Tom Wellings got all the tools we need. The commission idea gained a boost with last week's reversal by the administration which had opposed an independent panel but now endorsing it. The White House subjects to some language in the Senate measure the McCain said it compromised with within reach. The Senate created commissions probably much broader than a House version limited mainly to post 911 intelligence issues. The Senate panel would have a thirdly looking at the roles of law enforcement, commercial aviation, US diplomacy, border control and immigration in addition to intelligence. An initial report would be due within six months with the final report within a year on recommendations to prevent future attacks to measure authorizes $3 million to cover the commission's costs. Opponents of the defeated congressional oversight amendment said it would undo the delay implementing a Homeland Security Agency originally needed to protect Americans inside US borders. There would be no assurance in the end that anything would be transferred to the new department said Senator Jewelie where meant Chiefs sponsored the Democratic Homeland Security bill it would indefinitely remain a bare-bones department. The FBI was where this is in a Harold's so must be true, could be. You think? Maybe. The FBI was aware as early as 1998 that terrorist groups were planning to send students to the US for pilot training and there was some have been allowed in the personal pilot of the 10 day flight school in Oklahoma later attended by Zacharias Musaui. But those earlier reports along with the Phoenix FBI's agents warning in 2000s much about terrorist taking flight training and the Musaui case in Minnesota were never analyzed together at FBI headquarters a joint House Senate investigation revealed yesterday. You see the one FBI agent who was sitting again behind the thing that said you jeopardized my lives by revealing my identity? No, I didn't. There was a candidate for another. Somebody leaked it out. I'm not saying did you see him but did you hear the other thing? Yes. One many African smart ass. One many Apple a sage became so frustrated that FBI headquarters didn't take on the Musaui case. Seriously, they told a Washington agent on August 27. It was trying to make sure Musaui did not take control of a plane and fly into the world trade center. The direct quote. FBI headquarters replied, that's not going to happen. We don't know he's a terrorist. You don't have enough to show he's a terrorist. And by the way, in that book forbidden truth, the French are in the head of the information and gave it to us over and over again. But we just didn't want. We couldn't be confused with it. So many Apple's agents said he wasn't speaking literally, but merely trying to get headquarters attention. Three FBI agents testifying behind a black screen to conceal their identities, said he yesterday is hearing their communications inside the FBI have improved since 9.11, but not enough according to the Phoenix agent. Not enough. The investigative staff concluded no one will ever know whether a greater focus on the connection between those events would have led to the unraveling of the 9.11 plot, but clearly it might have drawn greater attention to the possibility of a terrorist attack in the US. It's a very important way to stay in a state of alert regarding such attacks and prompt a more aggressive investigation and intelligence gathering. It says, how do you like that, huh? Like I kept saying, it seems to me I kept saying that those days after 9.11, this didn't have to happen. Since we were already getting this information back then, this didn't have to happen. But when you have a government where the right hand not only doesn't tell the left hand, what's going on, doesn't even where to find the left hand. Next now virus stretching health resources CDC says. The epidemic of West now virus, which is killed 94 people this year, made nearly 2,000 stick, stick, stick, stick, stick. Hestrates the resources of the US public health system officials had yesterday. The virus is also thrown up a few surprises spreading faster than predicted, causing a previously unseen polio-like disease and some, and getting it adornated blood and organs officials told the US Congress. Dr. Julie Gerberding, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, said, the agency received $29 million this year to spend fighting West now virus. That money was used to sure observatulance and tracking in birds. She told a hearing of the Senate government affairs committee. All of the agency responded well via bedevac, your Gerberding said she thought the system was stretched, when it dealt, stretched it out. West now, first diagnosed in a Uganda, and will in 1937 is common in Africa, southern Europe, and the Middle East, but only appeared in the West in 1999. It's great to much of the country this year as well as Canada. Oh, and the Cayman Islands. The population were most concerned about the elderly people at high risk of the severe form of disease disease, Gerberding said. Bird serves as host of the West now virus. We said again, birds serve as the host of the West now virus, which is spread by mosquitoes to other birds as well as to people, horses, and squirrels. Most mosquitoes that transmit this virus live in suburban backyards, Gerberding said, she advised people where long sleeves and pants used insect repellents and drain standing water from bird vats and outside containers. Dr. Jesse Goodman, deputy director of the FDA's Center for Biologics, evaluation and research, say it's important to develop screening test to protect nation's blood supply and scarce donor organs. Protect your organ. It all caused, okay? Okay. Judge Declare's death penalty on constitutional. Oh, hey. The federal death penalty law was ruled on constitutional by a US district court judge yesterday, calling into question capital cases all across the country. Judge William Session said a trio of recent US Supreme Court cases as forced judges to be examined how capital punishment is imposed and is made it impossible to continue using the federal statute. Capital punishment is under siege, seconds wrote. Well, let's take care of that two-good bitch right away then. Okay, before they change your mind, let's go. These federal law on constitutionally advised people convicted of the capital crimes to write to confront across examine witnesses before they are sentenced to death. He said, if the death penalty is to be part of our system of justice, due process of law on the fair trial guarantees of these six-democrits, and safeguards governing all kinds of evidence, theories may consider must be rigorous and constitutional rights and liberties scrupeylessly protect these EBCAN. To relax those standards invites abuse and significantly undermines the reliability of decisions to impose the death penalty, the federal prosecutor in the Vermont case involving a man accused of carjacking, kidnapping and murder of city was nearly certain. He would ask an appeals court to overall sessions. I anticipate or have every expectation that will take an appeal US attorney Peter Hall said. And here's some good news for you. I'm not even going to get to the Rumsfield story that I'm hearing from the Rumsfields who are going to get to the Rumsfields. I think he's losing it. I think he's become what you may go over again. Alexander, what about how the guy's name was? I don't know. Alexander the Great. Freedom of the Inc whose tips are frequently a target for nutrition and city yesterday. It would eliminate an especially harmful type of fat from its products and offer more reduced fat snack. Like I said, bad news. Fast food and snack makers have come under increasing pressure to help reverse a trend toward moral obesity, especially among American children. I early next year, Peter Lace, and they'll switch from hydrogenated oils containing trans fatty acids, who's been screaming about those for years on his show, by the way. To Cornwell, of Cornwell's no good, and cooking some of its most popular salty chips like Doritos, Tostitos, and Chitos. I do like Tostitos. And Doritos. And Chitos. And Chitos. And what are those orange things? Those are Chitos. Like I said, I like them. I don't eat them, but I like them. But comedy will also roll out reduced fat versions of its layers, potato chips, and Chitos in the next few months, joining lighter products such as its baked lays and baked Tostitos chips. I like baked lays, too, as a matter of fact. You can't eat only one bag. I don't like the baked ones. Oh, I like them. You can't eat only one pound. The feed oil is also developing products such as broccoli, flicked, like broccoli, flicked chips. Oh, brother, let's try that one more time or not, is the case may be. Broccoli, flicked chips to appeal to health conscious consumer. Some of the things that's like a dog, and all I can do is broccoli in there where I have flicked broccoli. Alberado Bru, cheap executive of a feeder lay north America said that feeder lays work it to be part of a solution. The obesity problem, he said sales of healthier snacks are growing at 20% a year. Almost as fast as our waistlines are growing. His body's saying. Can't even only 5,000 is what he said. Accumertoer. Don't forget, join George and Miguel and Volca Brian and Carlos and maybe Fat Boy, Treasure Rally, 1957. Prices two for one drinks and maybe get laid, maybe get some head. Who knows what you're going to get? There'll be some head on your beer anyway. At Treasure Rally. He's speaking of a fat. Well, what good timing? How about a good segue by accident and the balance for life's spot? The beast who's on vacation this week and is coming back to get fired next week. All the way already knows it. Off that morning show. He's lost 55 pounds. At our guarantee, we saved his life. I mean, maybe not immediately. But over a period of time, this man didn't have a long way to go. He's five four. He weighed almost 300 pounds and he's lost 55 pounds in just a few months and balance for life. And the reason they can do it is because you're not starving. You don't have to count calories. You don't have to like do your own discipline because they do all of that for you. They bring you that little black sack by six o'clock in the morning every day of your life. You just fill out your little menu choices. You got two choices for each meal. And that's the only choice you have to worry about. No counting calories, no counting carbs, no counting anything except counting on the fact that the sack will be there every day with you will. And in your black sack, there are three delicious gourmet meals made with the finest ingredients and money can buy. Good fresh stuff. Lots of veggies and stuff that's good for you. But very tasty and two delicious snacks are in there too in a bottle of water as well. So what they'll, you're more, more could you want. All the food you want is in there for the entire day. And you don't have to worry about not being fooled because believe me, you'll be full of the public. So I'll pick up that phone and call balance for life today and start losing weight. The painless, easy, delicious way by getting on a balance for like program called 954-568-3229. And tell at the Troy by the way to slow down a little bit on that spot. He sounds like he's on helium. 954-568-3229, or check out their website if you like it. BalanceForLife.com. My, and love, this is for 20568. Where are you, man? Well, it beated well over the water, or on WQF. Please, thanks for being nice to me today, Mo. Don't mention it, Goldie. You're not going to get raped again today, are you? No, you know why. Why is that Mo? Because rape's not funny, but I ain't going to be a mean man, normal. If they think that's funny, that's fine by me. Wow! I really changed you way. I forgot about it. I'm turning over all the new thing Newton Leafs. You have a nice day and power and I smile, could we, friend? Hey, Mo! Look out for that truck! I'm going to get him out of that truck. Go! Mo look like the shapeless pilot. Go! Go! Go! Go! To show my respect, I started shooting. I wasn't even told before that bastard. Just with my shoes. I don't want to say a flag. I'll try to be an messy old schmuckie, wasn't bad. It's a muckiah. Oh, how are they that's bad? Oh, how are they that's bad? But it's wicked, that's fine. Oh, how are they that's bad? But it's wicked, that's fine. Oh, how are they that's fine? It's wicked, that's fine. Oh, how are they that's fine? Look at about it. That's what I say. That's how that for a funny show I do. If I made borrow a phrase from the Great Marley Allen, hello, dear, everybody in Paradise Land, I'm Howard DeBabited. I hope you'll join me each and every Friday for my forget about a show. That's what I opened the phone lines to all three of my regular low-income coalesce and let them vent to on what's bothering them. I was up all night dreaming this one up. At first I thought a go-in would hand-puff it's like a sandy becker. Or maybe a pole to a wolf or quist for quick. But management and I agree, this will be a real show stopper. Now I run a family type show here. So I don't want more references to stick striker-boos or faggotches, gussels. Other than that, I promise you a hilarious to camp an ea high-geets and open conversation for get about it Friday. That goes for listening to 560, WQAM. Welcome back to the Mohawadeva to show. We're a juckful as any, but good clean family fun. You know that pipe smoke and gis-guzzled thinks rap is funny. Is that funny? Plays crashing into buildings is funny too, huh? Huh? What? Since when is gang rape funny? Especially when it's me getting my deep-ergrepted. That's hot. Word ad jacket. Hey, how about some hurry, too? Well, in a ducal tap there for when I talk. This is important. They don't know comedy. I'll show them comedy. Today I brought my collection of Laman Abneteeps. Ooh? Laman Abnete? Y'all moron? They even named the restaurant at the lumb. That yet cluelish muck. Look at back that at later. Right now it's time for our transcendent mid-show snack. Bring the morning mayor his food. Ah, here they are. My favorite place to die. Like Otsaboka. Dig in a very buddy. Hmm, what is it, shrimp? Looks like a donach. Thought so the vain embryos from plant-parent hood do in the hood. Well, it's good. Yeah, too. Try it with the cocktail sauce. Hey, hey, beast. Complete at all as kuparack is. Oh, that's it. 10 baby. 10 baby. 10 baby. So, there's a little atmosphere for you to help it go down the collect. Hey, baby, I'm really dig at all as kupar sea. I'm with it. And I'm here. I'm a headstock man. The beast won't tell me no one was good. Here. Rest a little sense and here to cleanse your palate. Thanks, ma'am. All right. Oh, we got meat head metal coming up at one. Followed by that fact, you're right after the quay and the spick. What's that? It's a quay. The quay. Wait, wait, wait. It's in the right way, Rasho. The double quay. 560 W.U.A.A. is proud to announce how endeavoured is dead. Hey, thank you, Howard. Forget about it. Carcelipedly after days of intensive shock therapy. Management emerged with a brand new lineup for the vacationing Howard David. Starting tomorrow, wake up with the Joe Mark and Sanjo. Baby, oh, the way it was intended to be with periodic sports updates by Yelding. That's the... Boom. 560 W.U.A.A.A. presents the Mo and Joe show. Beating's tanked at with our last failure. So we're gonna try this now. At least we're consistent to get in touch with Mo and Joe. Just, yeah. What's the point? This is Howard David. Welcome back to the Mo and Joe show. So where do you know where Joe? Well, it's nice to be here. You remind us to 18-hour shift, fucking. Oh, no, not at all. You were getting paid extra for this? Well, they said they're gone. You know what your problem is, kid? What? You were stupid. Yeah, not. Yes, you are. You're stupid. Just like that Guava Loving Spick, your buddy over there. Hey, come on. This isn't, I mean, we didn't even get started. Yes, shut up. You want to work my show. You'll do as you told to the... Okay. Now get over here. Where? Over here? Yeah, that's right. Right here? Now come here. Okay. I'll get over there. All right. Come here. Get over there. All right. All right. Now get over here. Come here. I'll get over here. Not there. Over here. Oh, sorry. Now get over there. I'll get over there. Now come here. I'll get over there. Look, we got to break up enough. So why don't you go outside and wait for it to snow? Okay. Not just the man. I don't have to. Okay. I said, go wait for it to snow. Okay. Oh, and though, well, you added it. Get the QAMV in ready for my appearance at the Hollywood Fashion Center. I will look out here. Yeah, don't worry, kid. It's an automatic. Now we're in-scree. Okay. No, not, not, take. It's-that'll be very good, sir. Okay. At 5.60, WQAM. We just can't seem to get the morning show right. So once again, we softly advise about our crackhead chicken hop and soaps. And we apologize for that too. And now, 5.60, WQAM. Probably presents the Mogen David show. One and more? That- That's a good point. Do you know who I am? Mogen David. Mogen David. That's good, Kasey. I forgot who I was. If that's your name again, Felchew. No, don'ty. But you can call me, don'ty. I'm in this year. Mark? Mark? We're the Baker. Two shots. Mark? Take it back. I'm on fresh Nova. That's all. That's all. And while you're out, get me coffee. I got a punch card full here for schoolguins. I get a free cup. Devil, wait a minute. I'll be supposed to talk about sports. Oh, yeah. I never tell you about the time I had lunch with Joe Peppetone. How about that? Hurricane shuffleboard team. I don't doubt that no more. Since then, they got rid of the rocket board. She's on Colin's Avenue. That's a good thing I bought the NoMogen rules. Ooh, ooh. I see the card. Yeah, Cracking Man, Cracking Man. Yeah, no, no. I got you. Crack, ready. Bam! What was that? All right, I fit my wig. Pew! It smells bad in here like totes. Damn, nobody is saying we do a nice remote from the festival flea market. Sounds good to me. Yeah, they got a lot of nice benches there. Okay, let's go. Okay. Perfect, let's get out of here. That can use another vacation. What's the crap they played on the whole? That's power. Oh, and I think... Well, garbage. The kids today don't know what's good. Like that song, I'm happy I live in a split level head. You remember that? Uh, ah. How can you listen? I'm happy I live in a split level head. I'm happy I live in a split level head. You don't remember that? Uh. No? Why am I surrounded by morons? Come on, how is it? Don't you call me how he? I got enough information from you, Barron. Oh! Come down. You're a shot of fatso. Okay, that's it. You're all fired. You've been scooping the roof. You listen to me? You're fired. Calcutta goes for you too. You know who I am? I'm the king of shout-red ice. I came down here after losing my charm. About to be a big fish. You know little punk. You know. When they kick me off the asphilian they told me don't come back again. I had some problems with wise guys who would buy style of 2000 dice. Sure, yeah. Yeah. Buy us. That's exactly a little blue we nine. I got you. Fuck you. You're a lion. I hope that just goes like dice. I hope you die. I hope you all die. I'm a big fish and a little punk to see you. I'm a big fish and a little punk to see you. I'm a big fish and a little punk to see you. I'm a big fish and a little punk to see you. I'm a big fish and a little punk. Yeah! I'm going to money into money. Shh! 10 minutes past noon at five, 60. I was just thinking of a great name for the new Booker Brian CD. Yeah. Moe bits from Booker Brian. That's incredibly clever. Isn't that cute? That's genius. Yeah, Moe bits from Booker Brian. I think that's cute. We're like a little apostrophe in there. There you go, Boca. No extra charge. Anyway, it's our new to one Wednesday. If you want to what's going on here, we play all bits between the one on Wednesday. Moe bits is our Moe often. On QA and why not? It's like in the middle of the week we decided this is a really good they'd propitious moment to like lighten things up just a little bit. I mean, I want to hear Wolf Blitz Green. That's what I want to hear. I mean, if you want to say it. You don't want to hear all this crap. Show it on your rack. Just light it up a little bit. Okay? We know we're going to blow off the world eventually. So to me, Tamas have a good time before we do it. Hey, with your busy lifestyle, you need to get the little something good in your body. Here's something you can pop right in your little bugly posts and that's all you'll make. It's a great little capsule that contains all kinds of good stuff for you. Farm and Civic would rate olive oil combined with vitamins and minerals and robles and they have a different product which is designed to help different parts of your health. There's one specifically designed to help your heart. One to lower your blood pressure, one for your cholesterol and your prostate. There's one to help your recirculatory system, your digestive endocrine system, your skin, your bones, even your mind. I'm using the benefits of the purest best olive oil and money can buy. And please keep in mind that oil your medmakes products specifically for men and some for you ladies out there as well. It's an outstanding new product that lots of people are popping right now as we speak. Picks them up today at Whole Food Markets and Walgreens, including one of other implantation that where the pizza loves going to be behind starting this Monday. Sedano is in a viral pharmacies. For more information call, oil made toll free. The answer all your questions. 1-866-Oleumad. Ask them about skipping two when you call. I'll say one. 1-866-Oleumad. And you can order their products on their website too at allumadamerica.com. How it David? I don't know why they hate me. Oh my God, it always rate me. It must be cause I can't be spoiled with any spoiled bull. I'm amazed by my arm like a ramic nowly map a lack of what. I've got veins on my nose and nobody knows that under my clothes I whip empty hoars. But that no mean that I'm gay. If you think my arms have yet you ought to see my legs, I might as well keep on smoothing, shave the shoulder to glass the next time I'm raking it. I could go to a surgeon. But that gives me the shit this. I would not want to walk up looking like Joe Rivers. Where am I? I might have loved each to fat little freedom. I did him a favor now again before they meet me. The reason I dismissed that mistaken fan-fast-limit is because he wouldn't shut up. Then he can't play concessions. I saw the people over there and nobody talked to me when I ran. I wrapped a new talk. Like look at me, I'm thinking. I ain't no swear. I'm a thing done, Betty man. I'm really dead. I buy her any when I want. I don't care. But if they make me flip my wig made a smelly green hair. I got my self and even happened to the greens. Westwood once said you'll get out of here whilst we break your legs. So now I sit by the pool, life says good as it gets. With my pallid and contail, placing bets on the gins. And paradise. Paradise. I don't kiss nobody's hands and paradise. I'll be sure that none of the screw kids will get the gins. But the cleaners aren't ready with my line-green pants. Now one doesn't take, I'll be calling them plate. It was just a little thought. So what I love to stay. I guess I can catch funny one and I know the sandwich buddy. I can do what I want, but the management loves me. Get a buddy of something mo- something you ought to know. But along this time I wanted you to be my dog. Who am I to tell? Now I am straight. How about? Who? Who's who? Who don't? I don't take no for any answer to that. But it's not you. What's your name? I don't think. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? Welcome back to the Glittering Fagantry of the Mohawanda Day with a show. We have a full bucket today. That! Include the Cavalcade of our articulate athlete interviews. You don't entice, Moquistilated. What? Why? Why singing those songs? Make it fun of me. They make fun of me all the time. My dog, no. Why they don't adore me? Yeah, yeah, everything will be alright, Mo. Get your hands off me, a fairy. You queer? Yet, too, Java. Real men don't touch. Only during the game. Yes, Mr. They want singing. I'll give them singing. They're on a piano. Oh, man. Okay, Mo. Now, hit it. Back in my day, men were straight. Did it? The end day is look today. That's why I kicked the tolerate. This got slid days. Four goals were in K-Fat-S. Stop it, Mooron. What's the matter, Mo? We'll go off again. Okay. All right, where were we? Four goals were in K-Fat. All right, take it from here. The guys that like the worship men. Click, think we won't see. Four with no way living that of my gang. Did it mean to zoof brush-daved it? Or to ticko-hair-re-taint. Jesus Christ, I really hate. Jesus Christ, win, die. Five, six, two. W-Q-A-N. Resents, the O-P-N-N-Thening show. With Mo Howard David. This is O-P. And I'm Anthony. You're waitin' minute. It's me with a low voice. Oh. Yeah, you got the affected boy. Okay, you're... Hi, Anthony. Yeah, I hope you, and let's not forget our O-P-N-Thening show. Oh, Howard David. Yeah, I was wondering how long would take for you to punks to go around for me. Really hit the big time, huh? He-I-M with the O-P-N-Thening. Hey, Mo. What? Take off your pants. Yeah, we're gonna rape you now. You got to be kidding me. This is a family show. Uh, wrong. This is the gop-e-on-air thing each show. Now, come on. I thought your guys only did that in search. Yeah. Hey, get your hands out of it. Get out of there, got up in search of me. Get my donuts. I hope that's my delicate, tough tender. What is everybody want to rape me? Like us, we think it's funny. That's why. Yeah, and you got a nice back. Uh, I got no one's for you, Kelly. I'm still sprying. Oh, I ought to mobilize you. Oh. Oh. I got this hands tight open. Oh, I want the red ball. I'm not perfect. All right, my open white for junkie. Let's sing that together now, shall we? Okay. Open white for junkie. Oh, uh. All right, that's fake in it, then. Okay. Yeah, that's... Yeah, use your lips. You could've helped me. I should've... I should've not be. Okay. Ready for some medieval love. We have to get it. You're not the boss of me now. Yeah. I really tell you that. Smith's a bitch. You got an eye on the line. Hold the gift. We have a gift. This is not the... Take that away, ma'ol. What? You just got to leave me here. It will be right back. I'm five, six years. Mmm. I feel so used. But don't don't don't don't. And that's why I think the jettel have a cheap B-inship season. The jettel? And will I tell you, you don't talk to like say you can talk? This is the beast. I said shut up, fat soul. But you're like a father of me. You don't talk to Lam, done talking. Well, not done talking. Then you talk. Okay, I'll make me. Come here. Come here. I want you to know me, the friend of mine. Mr. Guff Club. Hmm. Why are you? I heard him. Hmm. I've heard a chain of business owners. They coming in. Hmm. This court sentences you to 20 years in hours. Would you win both? I had a tag of my mattress. Looks like we'll be your bookmates. The names for Howard David. Starter's stage screen and terror attacks. What's yours? They go with me, coffin. Hmm. You've got so pan. Nice, thank you. Hey. Get out. When you're so powerful, real hard. I'm gonna make you my wife. Hey, hope it's not. God, God, God, we can. All right, Howard, time to God's payment. What do you want to be safe beneath? You're both at. No man. We'll load our new Linda Blair over there. And so pretty. Okay. Four and a half hours. We like that. You know who I am? No, no, no, no, no. Pick it up now. I'll be a bloody sheep. All right. But I expect a Britain apology. I might just come back through there. And a book time. Oh, boom. I'll take the crime. I'll just run. Yeah. The one I'll see you now. Thanks. Well, Mr. Davis. I'm a woman. Joe. Jack, Jack ordered. How can it help you? Well, you see more than, yeah. I keep getting raped at the day. Joe, he's a vanishing. Joe, look into it right away. Thanks, one. It's about time. Some pun. And it's now drop your pack. I said drop your pack. This was odd. Spavers don't come to you. No, no, no, no. Let's rape old. Read the old big shot. That's how we pass the time away. In the day, O'Jeele, ours. Oh, stop. Stop, man. Can't afford any mistakes. This play is crucial. Accelerate the 9 formation. That means, uh, my advantage point is, she's like a letter. I, it kind of like the two-tailed dancers. That has, uh, the famous freaking practice, two-part thing I have a heart. Vice then, the second very, and tightly, the outcome of this game is invariably contingent on how it's drapedly. They do put the thing in the thing. After, are you watching the same game? I'm watching the new game. But now it's time for a transcendent mid-game interview. So, Binky, are you happy? I hate to be QA, again. And I had it up to P with your show. Oh, good. P! Alright, smart man. Dolphins? Are in a clinical situation? Great. Leave this field gone. If they expect to win the state. And then they go on the timeout. So, uh, let's go to the phone, shall we? Fast study in Gullius City. Let me know. What do you say? You're a great game, Howard. Thanks. Give me your game on the morning. Well, if you ask me. And do you mind if, uh, we call the game here? Why, oh, what happened? Did they miss the field goal? Oh, well, uh, let's go to our site line report here. Take it away, Gullius. Ah, it's a ball. Okay. It's a freshly baked and gold-pulting gun stock. And if you're no doubt, it was a debate. That's the cure. That's you, Howard. No, yeah. I had about all I can take of this. What are you talking about? Sit down and shut up. Are you seeing this hand? Yeah. I'm going to take this hand. And crush your hand like a demon. You want me to kiss your ass? I don't kiss nobody. No! You bitch, I had to go for you. Be true. I'll have you fire, don't you? Come on. Come on. Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! From 26 at 5.60, WDQM, so we have a new beast bit in? Yes. Well, let's play that right out of the break when we come back. Right out of my, uh, drop in. What a great half hour that was, you know what? I'm almost breathless. I need a towel. Anyway, is there still anybody out there who isn't playing at VIPsportsbook.com? God forbid. Oh God. Don't ever tell you, you're missing out on a really great sportsbook. You're a lot of ads these days, but you need to do some research before you're plunked on your heart and cash and plunge your guts out at some unstable third world sportsbook in some got-offle place like maybe sweet water. Let me help you. VIPsportsbook.com is the only book to be unanimously endorsed by all the industry watch stars. Every single one of them, they're Dutch based and one of the first online sportsbooks. So if you want to go out of roll over lifetime at that time, you better be with the best sportsbook going and VIPsportsbook.com is the one. The football season as we always in full force, you need to be with the best VIPsportsbook.com. So open an account online and get you a 15% cash sign up bonus. And don't forget to get the highest parlay odds anywhere in the universe up to 2000 to one. So get over to VIPsportsbook.com. Plunge your, uh, live and guts out and play it a book with class. Call toll free 1-866 VIP bets. That's 1-866 VIP bets or a good of VIPsportsbook.com and get that 15% cash bonus for signing up online. VIPsportsbook.com or you and Gary Sarner are the VIPs. Tim the banana republic baby, only in Miami. The UAM presents leaving to these starring mobile Howard David as more. Balloon as gay Carlos. Steven J. Goldstein as well as and Brian Lutter as the beats. I'm home. Hey, was the hot stand. I ain't got no place to hang my witty. I'm out. I had another piercing accident. Watch out for the bottle. Why didn't the beast clean this up? He helps tears with wally. Keep east. You better clean that deep paddle before mobile get home. Um, dear. I don't know, Ari. It's kind of easy. So you didn't clean the peep pedal, huh? Yeah, fat little bastard. You tub a lot. You're walking. Goida. Told you he did so. Don't be so hard on the vine. They come here beast. Time we had a little chat. Um, I don't know. Okay. No, you don't say anything to lump through what the stand did. Okay. I said not to lump the pork and fit you. Stop, but I don't write that to it. Remember my friend here? Mr. Belt. Don't do. Don't do. Don't do. Oh, honey. Don't do. Don't do. Don't do. I said stop it. You should come out your pipes, Moken Booth. Okay. But don't stand near the window. What for? How's your my fault? Taaah! This one, that all you people know, how a stone or spear. You know, real high. Sure. Well, you passed the brownies. In that hot soap, Lord of the S, that he did not know the story of so I had no longer seen cannabis. He took over before us for long to buzz. The friends can love the pot every day. You're right now, we're just getting stopped one day. We're even toast up with the cup. We're gonna make bad who got to say I played my scene. See, see, see, see, form my wings. We, see, we're free. Free, free. Just roll again. Say I played my scene. See, see, see, form my wings. We, see, form my bones. Let me smoke that foam. Sing me me. That foam, the bomb, the bomb, the bomb, the bomb. Love when I smoke the bomb. Just like you can choke. Yeah, yeah. That foam, the bomb, the bomb, the bomb, the bomb, the bomb. Looking at hot soap, Lord of the S, that they didn't know. I was curious, so I asked my mom for some cannabis. You'd smoke before school on the buzz. Come up with the love the pot every day. You're right now, we just can't stop one day. We even soaked up with the cup. We're gonna make bad who got to say I played my scene. See, see, form my wings. We, see, we're free. Free, free. Gonna roll again. Say I played my scene. See, see, see, form my wings. We, we, form my bones. Let me smoke that foam. Sing me me. That bomb, the bomb, the bomb, the bomb, the bomb, the bomb. Love when I smoke the bomb. Just like you can choke. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, that bomb, the bomb, the bomb, the bomb. Hey, Jimmy man, get your pass right over here. Oh yeah, come on, that's so good. All right, welcome back to the Howard David show. Where we run a clean family type of what he calls it. They are show here. No homo talk. I'm curious like that jukefair cake that follows me. Yeah, ha ha. I ain't gonna make the same goddamn estate. Sufi salesmate. You remember when he told the kids that put their hands in the parents thing? Oh yeah, vividly. No, we're gonna talk sports here. With a little human based on the comedy, stylings, a jack boom boom card. Oh yeah, that's right. Say, ate it a beautiful day in paradise, huh? Paradise? Why short, pitted in New York. Oh yeah. Why, you're from New York right? That, I'm from Canase. That right, pipe down. I just flipped my wig again. So, would you come down here for? Well, I had to be sightseeing. This right here, this is paradise. The thief I was got. I guess I could say I'd try to miss New York. Why? That don't you want to go back sometime? I, uh, I can't go back. I come. Well, they told me in no uncertain times. Let's not get him to that right now. Yeah, that sounds familiar. So, uh, you hear the news? Huh? I said, have you heard the news? No. They're gonna suspend that little hutch to Hullio. Oh, hey. That's right. They oughta let that little spit past it go. What did he do? I just don't like him. Hey, ain't that good enough? But little over the top, don't you think? Are you arguing with me? No. Do you know who I am? Oh, I got the power of great greed behind me. Protecting me. I want to fire em all. I'm not williest. You! You're fire, too. Get out of my place of business. Should I your place of business? Why you? Why you're a fool. Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! In yet another, people of the 10th forever morning number, the 560 WGOM Programming Brain Trust proudly presents the Mo Howard Show, and the two other people that are in the studio. Hello. Hello. And welcome to the Mo Howard Show. Hey, look, we're on the air. Oh, where? Where? Over here, you're more on the air. Oh, don't hate Mo. Ah, boy, your pants don't help me with the show. OK, say, how about that Ricky will you? My you. Oh. I see here, you're more on. We ain't talking about no fish or money show, see? Only sports are like, not coming here, you're mutton head. Oh. Oh. Say, get a little bit of that day, Mo. What's your name? Oh, that's Carolyn. Say, you think, Guy, what's there? Don't do it, Mo. It's a family show. At a my place. No, Mo. Hey, baby. Hi, baby. Good idea. I'm a big star, you know? Come on. Let's see if it takes. I just want to touch your head. What's the come on, baby? I just want to. Don't miss the Mo Howard show, each and every morning on five, six, the W's UAL. Now, but anybody cares anymore if we bloom out of the audience off already, so why not? I got it. I got it. Oh, my. Oh, Howard, he's a football. It's perfect, Frankie, and every bitter, oh Howard, he's a Mahal. He's a, don't you betray his toes. He's through pay-rees with spare time. Mo Howard, he's a Mahal. He's just a smart, poor, holy handler. The kind that drags me blind. He's just another New York failure. He starts to move to paradise, co-show. Mo Howard has no show. He's through pay-reaches with spare time. Mo Howard, David, low. Finally, what until low, what? At five, 60 W to Q, I am. So again, we'll do the same thing again if you got something else there. Yes. Well, why not? Alright, when it does, let's pull it out. You know, I'm discovering things here that I have maybe played only once or twice, you know, then? Yeah, I know. Did you see the lines ringing, by the way? For what? The phone lines, did you notice the ringing? I wasn't paying any attention. Oh, what does that mean? Well, the phone lines were all ringing during the past half hour. For what? I wanted to know, so I had Carlos picks him up. Yeah, people were dying dying on the other side. Yeah. Oh, right. Well, sure, this is great entertainment folks. And if some people would lighten up a little bit, then I'll just stand there. They don't understand it, but of course, we got some hard-ass people. And of course, you know, when you got bad, very old, very close, we ended up probably like a hardening of the arteries. Hardening of the U.S. too, you know? Which leads to hemorrhoids, and then those people do become a pain in the ass. And anyway, we're just having our usual Wednesday, noon to one good time. Tell everybody in the world. This is the time to lighten up and get away from all the bullcrap, you know? All the gloom and doom and the world is coming to win. Who the hell needs that, you know? Some people take things too serious, I think. And that's kind of stupid. See, now I'm starting to do that again. I had weed myself off of that crap, and I'm starting to do it again. You know, I got that Todd Rex thing sitting over here, and I'm so tempted to use that today too. But I'll save it. You know, there's never been a better time to purchase a new home or refinance you existing home than right now. While I'm speaking, how about this rate? 3.95% that's right. Financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95%. All you got to do is pick up the phone and call financial group at their toll free number. 1-800-940-L-END. That's 1-800-940-5363. The money you're going to save is unbelievable. Think about it. You can get yourself a hundred thousand dollar loan for only 250 bucks a month or a 200 thousand dollar loan for just 950 bucks a month. The process is simple, and you're going to save yourself thousands of dollars each year. Pick up the phone and call our good palies at the financial group at 1-800-940-LAND. There's never been a better time to get yourself a low interest rate than right now. So call financial group, and you'll be on your way to saving a ton of cash. Financial group is an equal housing lender. Credit restrictions do apply. Rates are subject to change, and Todd Rex is still a major asshole. So call toll free right now 1-800-940-L-END. That's 1-800-940-5363. Oh sorry. Oh sorry. And hotels. And hotels somewhere in Holland and the day old. It's all Michaels. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. You shut up, stupid dude. Yep. I remember when you were those nylon's on Joe Name of Nope. Oh yeah sure. It was at the park. Jared and you're one of them. Yep. Yep. That was quite a trick we had at night. Yep. Yep. So how's paradise? Oh how are they still on 560 WQA? Oh hello Neil. It's Greg. I do forgive me for being so far. It'd allow myself to go. But I just had to ask you. Can I please fire George? Look at you. I have no idea that kids would solve Peter in Moeswig. The Andy Slash and Tyres on my cattle. So we're in the trail. We're in the trail. All the trail. Meeting with his and the father George. I want to pitch him out the door. I want to kick him with my Gucci shoes. We're in position for ourselves. A lot of the smits in person out the knee per vision. From that fact, they'd use the shoes. I can feel the pain. I find six stockpork. It's in full moon. It's all full. I like that. It's like sport sports. It's for job or job. I'm a story. I dream of Ricky Williams and a dress. Reading with his and the moe. We're in system. George must grow. My pants on my fish. Because I can't get my way. An audition I could fire George in that position. Ready, on. To like play praise for our own. So I take out the gift to grow. For a pack where my wife got pregnant, I'd practice contraception, or contraceptive, way down to my malls. It's been brought to my attention. It wasn't my direction to discover that it wasn't me at all. Was that considered what that nice? Do discover that great read knocked up my wife. Reading with his and the moe. I've had your snippets. Sort of pain to be a musician. Point sport sports. Great family. Oh, and the sweaty jacks are so hot. Great. I was 40 shows today. I was about women like he does every day. Talk about women. But I was in there. Not as exciting as sport-hole things. Reading with his and sport ass homes. For they can kiss and pose for our moe. Can't get permission to make George grow away. Now, so I stand my feet in Gucci shoes. They make the night and they refuse. And they refuse to spend him. For our day. Oh. For 48. I'm almost breathless. I'm just in here a punch in buttons, you know. For 118 votes on a pool. What's your take on the TV show a small fill on the WB? I'm going to brush. I don't watch it. 273.4% don't you think that goose down a little bit? Not could be. I don't know. If the fake guy was voting. Yeah. He vote for. I hated it blows. Who the hell knows? And you say guy as in singular. Lanna licks my, uh, flicks my big licks it. 30. It's okay. 27. I love it. 23. I hated it. Blows 20. And Tom Bolling is God. 11. Hey, by now you've heard I'm sure I'm positive and Todd Drec. I know is positive that you've heard about the incredible running potential of a computer professional. There's big bucks to be made. You've heard us talk about the incredible demand for certified computer professionals. They need lots of you. So you've also just talk about the great people of fast train. So do yourself a favor. Pick up the phone and call fast train at 1 866 fast train. I think starting tomorrow will give Todd Drec's home phone number on this to in case their line is busy. You can complete your program. Get certified in four short months and be on your way to a brand new. High paying career making some real serious cash fast trains got four convenient locations in Dave and Howard. They've got convenient the evening weekend classes to to pick your schedule. They got full time job placement to part mode over 30 years experience. So instead of us sitting around thinking about this, pick up the phone is the obligation column today and get started making a real serious income right away. Call full free. One. Eight six fast train. By the way, was your bonus on your stub? No. Oh. That's one. Eight six fast trains. See what I mean about dead end jobs working for rassels or check out. The fast train on the web if you like it fast train. Come. My. And local. We're sports radio five 60. You. You. You. Take mother. Put the one in my socks at night. For a smoke is hitter. Clots at the morning. Get on my nerves with your smarty pants. Break talk about sex and that drives me insane. Don't go sports and that's your day of course. I can't take this. Enjoy your fire. You're not a sport. You're not a sport. Holding it dressed like a sloth. The manly jocks will they just go make you hotter. It's women all the time. That's why the guy can't take this. Enjoy your fire. If you're busy. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. In fact, your hand lotion and fake movies too. You're not by. A straight guy. And responsible for making dope. Right. Right. Right. Don't follow the asking when your next show is on. Did you be back into your old repo job? You may not like guys. And you're not by the time. But I can't take this. Enjoy your fire. You. See what Boris can't believe, you. No. Well. Who. Who. You. You. You. This night's a big number in your summer book. You're not a sports guy. I hope you die. Especially for making dope. Right. Right. You can go and have one question for you. Yeah, how do you like the way I look in my newsroom? I ask my wife and she said fine, because why can't you take this? Hey George, you're fine. We're all in another part. You. All right. I was going to clean my room until I got up. I was going to get up and find the room, but then I got up. Oh, I was going to go to class before I got up. Come on. Yeah. I could have cheated and I could have passed. But I got up. Oh, I'm taking a picture of Mr. And I know why. Wow. Yeah. Because I got up. You can go like I. You can go like I. I was going to go to court. You know, oh, I got up. I was going to pay my child support. But then I got up. Oh, you went. Yeah. I got up. Thanks, son of my whole paycheck. And I know why. Wow, baby. Yeah. Because I got up. Because I got up. You can go like I. Not a lot, but that's that. Working on the run from the cops. But I was. Oh, I'm serious, man. I was going to pull right over and stop. But I was. I. Oh, not a lot. No, not a pair of pleachies. Yeah, not a lot. Wow, baby. Because I got up. Because I got up. Because I got up. Not a lot, but that's that's. I was going to make love to you. Oh, yeah, yeah. I'm sorry. I was going to make you sexy too. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Now I'm checking. Ah, yeah, no, no. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I got up. He's going to go like I. I got up. I got up. Oh, man. Oh, man. Go. Go. I'm going to throw my entire life. Go because I got up. Go. Oh, go. Get me. Yeah, last month. Kids. pa. Hi. I feel like a guy. We had some fun. We had Elsa tomorrow. Cute. Don't look for Mata. No. I'll know what, what the you can't go on high, go on high, go on high, go on high, are you right on me? I'll tell you what things will be. You put about a sense of accomplishment. I feel it's good to have one of the great hours in the history of the human race. I could be wrong about that, but I don't think so. There's two more minutes left. Have you heard of your pardon? We don't have two more minutes left. I got to do the promo again. I got to read the result. Hey, listen, I've been around a block a couple of times. You think I don't know what time it is? It's 12th of the 806. I'm not talking about on this silly website of ours. I'm talking about the exact time. You're right, City Post 24. By our 12th of the 813. What? By our clock 2? Well, there you go. Some are on top of it. Man, I got this data with science. I got my shirt on here already. And ready to go out for a beautiful lunch. It's a matter of fact. It's right now 66, 65. And the son of Shannon, it's their malo humidity. It's heaven. It's just like yesterday, a little bit cooler, maybe. Like yesterday all over again. Curred up. It's paradise. How do you like that? Well, those of you who can't be in paradise, you stuck there. But go out tonight and join George and Miguel and Volca Brian and Carlos and Fat J. Hi. Five to seven. A treasure island off the pulmetre. Just north of the 122nd Street exit. Stop by for crappy QM prizes because we got no budget. But get two for one drinks as well at the treasure island. Between five and seven. Okay. That takes care of that. Pull quickly on small hill, which sees people. You know, we give years on this wall. Remember why local people got this thing too late I've been trying use mortar oil. R I just tore up the here it is. Here's the pale. Mad dog is next. Then we got the hopper Hank to hide away to Hank Goldberg shows I'm slaubring all of her Hank's numbers. Even though what's his name was on for about five minutes. And then we got to the Marlin crap which is going to be thankfully over very soon. Any K after baseball and the dirty boys with a very apparel people, Joe and Mark overnight. Bye bye bye. You're listening to the best of WQAM online. We'll have you back to regular programming in just a few moments. But until then, here's Howard David with Dolphins Good.