Yeah! Alright! Fan Hiddler can be used as a watchpiece hair or she too have a care co-bane. His name was Kurt, now he's pushing up dirt co-bane. White finger from his chin, doing heroin co-bane. Nirvana was hot and now his curtail ain't got co-bane. He got hot, hit good by the he died. Oh! Co-bane! He's a number one hit in Heaven's Big Mosh Pit co-bane. He'll be Elvis the King and say grunge was my thing co-bane. He's a big mosh pit co-bane. He'll be Elvis the King and say grunge was my thing co-bane. So if you're filled with doubt don't take Kurt's way out co-bane. That's whom we're the emacrives. He got hot, hit good by the he died. Co-bane. How's he doing, he's still dead? 902 at 5.60W to QM happy Tuesday to it. Leave it to Miguel to come up with a very important piece of information of history. Today's the third anniversary of Alien watching up on shore. That's here it. That inspires me to play some Alien Vits today. Why not? Can I have a lot of music today and you can keep it. What did I tell you? See how they got fan healing pumped in there again? Told you. Yeah, there we go. And by the way, there he goes. He got him off the list. Then they're off the list. Because it about 915 last night about 454. He's piled in there for Van Halen. You're not full of missile, Fag. I'll take it that right now. I've been around for too many times to let a bunch of dickheads out there. Missed with our pool. So Van Halen's DQ, I see we just take them all the way off the list. Any arguments with that? Nope. We asked yesterday our second pool. If you missed the second pool, you missed a really good one. And thanks to the guy who inspired that. Right now it was his facts. Here it is. I work at a music distributor. We've compiled a top American rock band list. Let me know if you concur. Nope. No, we don't concur, but nevertheless, so we do appreciate your planning the seed, the idea. Which means I'm going to be playing a lot of music today. Oh, tons of it. Crap loads. Rick and Susie got butt loads. We got crap loads on this show. Anyway, here's how it came out. Taking away Van Halen with those phony phony. I mean, on here, 124 votes got him tied with the doors. You've got to be shmitting us. At least 50 phony votes. Door is 124. Aerospace, 114. I wasn't that how we said yesterday. It really or I said anyway. That was my choice. Pop 2. Door is number one. Aerospace number 2. That's exactly what I'd be telling you. Evales 91. Beats boys, which this record distributor was trying to pedal us. His list, beach boys number one and we said, You've got to be kidding us. I mean, we like the beach boys. We always have to do that disclaimer, but the best American rock band of all time. The beach boys. You've got to be shmitting us, Mr. No way. They got 60 votes. A distant one to a fort. Chicago 49. They should have been fourth. And probably should have been third. And you know something. Now who came up with that Chicago was that Carlos? Well, somebody called in and. Ah, see, I'm trying to give you credit for it. No wonder that old man don't speak to you in a hall. But somebody called it in. Thanks whoever called it in because how could I, that used to be my favorite group in a world Chicago. I love Chicago. I've got even, I've got some stuff they'd ever even recorded. How do you like that? I'd come with you. I love them. But until I went out and there were some of my, I paid some of my I heard her money out. And bought some more CDs yesterday. I had, I hadn't heard some of these in so long. I forgot and just how great they are. Or were. How's Terry can't do it by the way? Oh, no, not another one. Remember Terry can't. He was a fiddle and around with the gun to a little Russian roulette thing. And all of a sudden. But I've been he's dead too. Why did they, the performers? How about the best rock star? We do that pull someday. Not somebody who died like from natural causes like Elvis on the tour of the world. You know, see, but that's the right way to bring John Linnon in the picture. Right? Yeah. Can't get those Beatles out of our hair. We love the Beatles, but that's why this pull was so good. Because it was a eliminated all those foreigners. Chicago 49, almond Brothers 28, Nirvana 24, or a Kirk Cobain B. Really pissed off, wasn't he? What do you be psychotic or what? Kiss 21, Leonard Skitter 21. I'd put them both out of par. I think that's a good match. Although I will say Leonard Skitter did dumb better music. Huh? I think so. Then the kiss. I mean, kiss was mainly like a stage act. Right, right, it's great show. Right. But as far as their music was concerned, you can kiss it goodbye. The Ramon's 20, that's mostly a sympathy vote. Cause Joey Ramon just croaked here not too long ago. Competing the hardbreakers 19. Eh. Right now, Joey Packers had nine, the cars nine and last. What did I tell ya? What did I say all morning long? I was belly aching about who should be the last place in who did I say it should be? The John Bonjovi. And there he is. Don't see that Mr. Not Mr. It's a group. Let's get back to that again. It's a group group. No matter what you call them, they were last place with eight votes. How to 731. Most of the votes were real except for about 50 or 60 phonies for Van Halen. You got him to squialify. I've been a contender but instead you ask holes out there. You just can't leave well enough alone. And we forgot to put Grand Funk Railroad on list. Who's fault is that? That must be Erics. Oversight. Left a minute. They sure is hell. I'll tell ya right now. They sure is hell beat the crap out of a lot of groups in that list. Bun Jovi. Cars. I wouldn't thought the cars would be a little better with you. Not really. Right now, chilly peckers. Grand Funk's better than him. Tom Pettier. I would say they'd be like about the middle of the pack. Right above the Alman Brothers. And they're middle of their big hit. The only reason I even liked that song is because it was in the Xsist. Rambladman. It's a good song. But that's the only reason I just can't get it out of my mind. Because it was not great scene in the Xsist. Oh, that's right. I forgot you were a Spik's probably weren't allowed to see that. We thought later in life. Yeah. You could cast like so out there. You're not allowed to go see him. A blasphemous movie like that. But I did love that scene in the bar. I'm beginning to have doubts. And they're playing in the background. And they're playing the thing. They're playing Rambladman in the background by the Alman Brothers. So there's the results yesterday. It's pulled the door is win. Oh. And the aerosmiths second. That was just as I have to commend the audience for magnificent taste. And of course a lot of the punks out there are going to say, Well, who the hell are they? What's here that? I don't know. I'm going to play it all day today. Are we? Oh, a collar came up with a good one I think. Who's that? Queen is clear water revival. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. See, see. You understand. You don't get it. See, you're at a punk game. Been around long enough to go back to my Zaytad days when that was Petey Bolder's favorite was CCR. And when he was making up the playlist, that's all they played on at Freak Institution, every other song was CCR. Roll and roll. I just knocked about 10 CDs flying here. I hate I hate CCR. They make me want to barfe. We can't blame them for people. I hate them. Their music all sounds the same. It's ponderous. It sucks. It sucks. It's six. Six. Six. How come sticks in on the list? Uh huh. It's a good band. Genesis. They should have been on there. What we don't like, majets. Okay. Joy of a baby. If Joy, they are. Go Collins is British. Yeah, how British can you get? Yeah, that's right. Well, they've been hanging around here so long. So the doors win, aerosmith is a tight second. Eagles in the Beach Boys in Chicago. What's all going to be playing there? Those groups all day to day. All music all day. Just like the Great Old Days on QA and that's your impact. You know, something this might be the beginning of a new format. QAM Retro. Let's go back to those old and golden days. Why not? A class action lawsuit has been filed against Holland American cruise line seeking damages on behalf of more than 500 passengers and crew members who were sick and by the Norwalk virus on Forrest and Caribbean cruises aboard Holland ship the Amsterdam. The complete filed yesterday in Seattle where the company's headquartered ledges that Holland America knew or should have known that its passengers could be infected with the highly contagious virus by not taking the ocean line or out of service while sanitizing the ship and eliminating the prospect of sickening more people. Sickening. Probably the written French fries with mayonnaise. Do you know that talk fiction was out again the other night. I watched about two minutes of it because I just just happened to come across the scene where they were in the car and he's talking at crap with the bus. No, the price. Oh, I hate that. That's so stupid. Hundreds of passengers and crew members took your what a virus on four consecutive savings of the Amsterdam October. Remember after 68 people became older in last sailing how the American took the ship out of service last week. It is docked port Everglades near Fort Lauderdale for least 10 nails by company officials consult with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and scour the ship from stem to stern. According to the lawsuit filed by California based law firm Norton and Nudnik, two of the past years of coctivirus on the empty lands last cruise were Ralph and Ursula Dottley of Valley, California. Wait to hear this. Ralph Dottley was taken off the Amsterdam when it stopped in Kurosau and suffered a burst blood vessel and as a suffocous requiring a blood transfusion according to when it turned over the law firm. The same firm as Favla class actions suit complaint against how the merciless delay aboard another ship, Windom during which at least a hundred people contracted the North Walk virus while traveling to Alaska. Let's play North Alaska by Johnny Hartwood. What do you say? No. You guys don't know Johnny Hartwood from Tim Horton. Very sad. Very sad. All these punks that we got around and think they know something about music. North to Alaska by Johnny Hartwood. The battle of New Orleans. Yeah. The battle of New Orleans. Yeah. And here you would know Johnny Hartwood. Like I said from your mama. So anyway, we're going to play a lot of music today. Here's our poll question today, which has nothing to do with the content of the show, which is good. Let's have kind of like an aside here. Based on what you know which country should the US be attacking now? Iraq? Saudi Arabia? North Korea? Iran? Pakistan? None? Any attack will lead to total chaos or Canada for calling WMoron. At least that'd be easy pickins anyway. Based on what you know which country should the US be attacking now? Iraq? Saudi Arabia? North Korea? Iran? Pakistan? None? Any attack will lead to total chaos or Canada for calling WMoron. They're still talking about that here. Bup, bup, bup, bup, bup. And like they said on that awful, what's that? What's the name of that show? Were all those broads sit around in the battle? The view? No, no, no. They had the view, that's it. I thought you said they view. Speaking which way do you place the view? The view? A couple of the broads on the day they were seeing. What's the big deal with this? Millions of Americans call them a more on every day, so what's the big deal? What's the novelty? Good point. 913 at 560 WM thanks given as coming in a couple of days. Everybody's going to be flocking the home to be together again. Gend it around the table with delicious homemade food and family traditions after all. It's not the turkey that makes the meals special. It's the people. That's what they say and I could be stressful especially if they're staying overnight. If you're having a house full for Thanksgiving, let Dalam Actors make your holiday preparations a little bit easier. Now's the time to call 1-800 mattress and get that new mattress in me for the house. Get there. If the everybody told you that they're coming, even if you don't hear from them until tomorrow night, Dalam Actors can still live every way top 12 easily. Surred as Simmons or King Carl McRis. The same day you call him. How do you like that? I've been sleeping on a Dalam Actors for a coon zage even Megalously put on one and do all kinds of obscene things on it and loves it. So call him now at 1-800 mattress and talk turkey with a bed and console the truth and the very best mattresses and even better prices. I bet you got yours for free, huh? It's not like that. Yeah, I didn't. You can rest easy this Thanksgiving knowing that everybody is sleeping like a baby. So get ready for the holidays now by calling 1-800 mattress, do it right away and tell that old Neil and Miguel and Fat Boy told you to call 1-800 mattress and ATT-RES for Dalam Actors. Brand name bed same day service. Call him now. Be sleeping like a baby tonight. My life and look all this is for 25 cities. Two ways to weigh yeah. Double new new ATEL. General this is a family. So, I'm this. Fifty six. That's easy to remember. How did we leave REM off the group? What am I very favorite? It's off the list. Yeah, I'll blame you guys for that. That because Miguel was on and not pushing out from Miguel. I like REM. He gets very upset over Michael's stuff like mints in the round. They should have been on at least. I'm really pissed now. I'm really pissed now. I'm really pissed now. I'm really pissed now. I'm really pissed now. Are they? I don't think so. No they're not. Can we lose in the news? Oh, can we lose in the news? But Ariambi and off that list is sacrilegious. Maybe we'll do it all over again. Sure. And then this fax. I'll get to this fax after the break. This one deserves a little bit of attention. This guy that's great. These people get all pissed off. It's our Florida for you know. Something is innocuous is you know it's it's subjective. What do you like? You like chocolate ice cream? Carlos don't like it. You like blueberry. You like vanilla. Whatever you like. Same thing with music. Not according to some of you people. I think it's fax. It's sexy says. Sticks is like you know syrup. And I was like, it was okay. You put them in a category with these groups. They're a golf stream band there. Exactly. We'll bury pocket new nine gap. How come they weren't on their 927 at 560 WQM. Here's something that we can all agree on. That's all we'll make is great stuff. Just pop it in your post. And you get healthier by the second. All you might make it to Indian formulas or advanced combinations of pharmaceutical rate all over the world. Combined with vitamins minerals, urbal's other nutrient scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs. Look for all you made three new formulas. Want to help you sleep? Want to help you control your weight and cope you 10 for your heart. I'm using the benefits of the purest olive oil you'll find anywhere. Older you meds great new products for you. And if you want to pick some up you can do it right now all over town. If your nearest public store records your Walgreens. If you want to get more information just call them toll free and they'll explain it to you. And you'll want to help you get more information on your health. And if you want to help you get more information on your health. And if you want to help you get more information on your health. And if you want to help you get more information on your health. And if you want to help you get more information on your health. And if you want to help you get more information on your health. And if you want to help you get more information on your health. And if you want to help you get more information on your health. And if you want to help you get more information on your health. And if you want to help you get more information on your health. And if you want to help you get more information on your health. And if you want to help you get more information on your health. And if you want to help you get more information on your health. And if you want to help you get more information on your health. And if you want to help you get more information on your health. And if you want to help you get more information for your health. And if you choose your health. And if you want to help you get another one from your health. Thank you for the help from center from center.��. Florida contradictory綠ville. Pretty good grasshopper. We have any questions before we go any further. CCC, these books with the pictures. It's incredible. What is this? Oh, that's a television. Oh, Teddy. Uh, Mr. Roy, what does... Why does that mean? Pardon me? Why does that? Well, it means what's up? Like what's going on? Why does that? Right, it's a greeting. Why does that? I know that you're uncomfortable being here. This is a very difficult time for you soon. Um, um. What is it? Oh, this pizza hunt. Stop, cross, pizza. He's incredible. How do they get the mutton and the cheese into the crust? I'm not sure. So as I was saying... Why the... Yeah. As I was saying, we will try to make your stay here as comfortable as possible and get you home as quickly as possible. Bye, bye, bye. Are you going somewhere, sir? No, I'm missing to the new CD by the boy band InSync with my new Sony Discman. It's incredible. Yeah, uh, yes, Mr. Gumsal, they are quite incredible, but we'll be meeting with the Justin and the play and your game for two. You must take me, but it ain't no lie. Bye, bye, bye. Oh, God, sir. Don't you want to get this over and get back to Cuba? What do you love, Carl? I love it here. And then I'd like three other channels on table and I could watch all the Yankee games. But, sir, Mr. Gumsal. But it's Mr. Gumsal. Wow. Now, I'm 32 and I'll forget today's a big day. Go out and party in the streets. Go out in front of Maris greasy as his house. And dance around like you got the Assyng by his dancing your pants because it's the third anniversary of Ali on, washing up on shore. Oh, and luckily for him, he's back to her cuban. He can poison with those happy meals every day. Wouldn't be something if they had a come back here and file a lawsuit against me. Donald's before cause and ill health or stunning his growth or something like that. Assumped that who'd kindergarten teacher in the beaver in the beaver local schools has been for this is an Ohio of course has been fired for making photos of her pupils to where imprisoned a pedophile husband. He's been mailing them. Officials said, a marvellous van Allen was dismissed on Friday. After it was learned she had included photos of her class and led it to where husband John who's serving time out of four counts of rape involving boys under the age of 13. John Van Allen has been in the Chilakothi correction on students in 87 serving a sentence of seven to 25 years. While she ain't working in the beaver schools no more I'll tell you that no more. Was she was fast at him up? Not she was just trying to keep him happy. Oh, I see. Anyway, this asshole with his facts about the sticks. Okay, best American and then you notice the history and the stock's the anger you can see. You can see the anger on the page. You can see it in the writing yet. Yeah. Best American rock band sticks best British bell by the way, E. L. O. R. from Birmingham, England. Better best British brand. Yes. No. Yes, he said no. No. In addition to which we're not doing British bands anyway, we said best American band. Travel maker you idiot. He says you are all clueless pusses because we don't agree with him. We're clueless, but we're clueless because we didn't put our AM on there, which is disgrace and you know who else we didn't put on there? Who? Well, we could have put 50 men enough money. I thought we had a pretty good group. But this other facts is right. Are you a speed wagon? I don't agree with that. But the four seasons. Yeah. And what do you know about the four seasons? You would know Frankie Valley from June Valley. Okay. I used to be a very, very avid magic listen. You would know you would know Frankie Valley from the big valley with that Dyke Barbers Sandwick. Used to be a what? A very avid magic listener. Like I said, what do you know about music then? Yeah, good point. And I fits right in with this facts. That's perfect. Boy, did you have no idea how that happened? Yeah. That's right. Because the facts is, funny you mentioned WDQ and going back to playing oldies in a new format. Starting on Thanksgiving at 6 p.m. You'll be getting a new neighbor. WJNA starts in all new oldies format on 6.40 AM. Oh, woo. Where are you getting scared yet? Oh yeah, we're crap at our pants. It says I hope tell magic is because they suck now they can go out and buy 100 more records. I'll probably get more records to hear than they got in their whole collection of magic because their playlists about the same 50 crappy songs. Anyways, is this Frankie Valley in a four seasons count they belong at any list for great American groups. I'm so, I think the record's right. They should have been on here. We'll have to do this again in some day. Okay. Like tomorrow. We'll have to do it again a few weeks, few months. Don't let me forget. All right. Well, I mean, next time we do it, let's do it right. Let's not do it half fast like we did yesterday. Now this call has been on here in Volker. Like I'm taking calls today. Hello. Hey, Neil. You should have been on it for a long time. Yeah, well, you know, I want to talk about this FBI agent. I mean, I'm part of our judicial system. Why are you surprised? Actually, I am. I just cannot believe that this went down the way it did. It, uh, I don't get it. I don't know. Anybody who missed the story, SFBI agent convicted of lesser charges for wrong way crash. And he's going to get, uh, well, maybe he just got a slap on a wrist. He was facing up to 30 years for the record to kill those two kids. And instead now he got the, the lesser charge. And he could face up to six years, but they might just get a slap on a wrist. Well, they're going to fold six misdemeanors into one DUI conviction. And, you know, he's going to basically get what, you know, you get a few, uh, get a DUI. Yeah. Two people are dead. I just don't understand it. The space. The only other thing I wanted to add, this is not a direct response to your polls. So don't get angry at me. But there's one thing you let, there's a country you left off. Uh, kind of a joke. I want to wait till the bushes go home for Thanksgiving and, uh, attack Texas. Okay. Thank you. Thank you so much. Okay. That was pretty good. Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh. Let's see, based on what you know, which country should you, you must be attacking now, as our poll question that any orangers dot comets on there, 54 votes. Iraq 15, none any attack will lead the total chaos 14. Isn't it the United brotherhood of Carparders and joiners? We had out here. Saudi moron, Saudi Arabia 12, Canada for calling WMoron 7. They're pretty upset about that. A North Korea three, Pakistan two and Iran as fast as I can. Iran one. That's what we got so far. We got a wreck on top and not by too much. It could be pretty tight. Oh, I did hear this bag. Leaving R AM off list was a bit of a mistake. It was a big mistake. But putting Van Halen, don't blame me for Van Halen. And Aeross myth on list was more of a mistake. The way Aeross myth does commercials and sings it half time of football games with boy bands and Brittany Spears. What is that have to do with how good their music is? Nothing. Let me talk about Obshmuck. Van Halen has been any good for 15 years. I'm not going to suggest putting a bad luck metallic on Liz but a given it more integrity. Metallica, my ass. It just sucks how badly the Brits kick our ass when it comes to rock bands. Beatles Rolling Stones, the who Led Zeppelin, ELO. Also you should replace the cars with guns and roses. We talked about guns and roses yesterday and we've been for about two seconds. And we also talked about what was the other one we left off? For a lot. No way we did. It was incomplete. It can't be perfect which leads to the orphaned for next time. There's a method to our madness. You believe us? No, but we made it up. Oh, Grand Funk Railroad. That's right. They should have been on there. They sure as help beat the crap out of like Bond Jovi by a mile. Man, was that a little... You can't remember. Huh? It was an arlist. Who's list wasn't? Them music guys. Oh, that's right. It was his list. You're right. Well, what, and McGill redeemed himself. After yesterday's macho behavior. That's where we put the list on there. We added a couple to it. I mean, we should have put some of these other ones on it. Like for example, he didn't even have Chicago on his list at all. And that dialogue parts one and two that I played a little earlier. If that isn't the greatest song that was ever recorded in my name is mud. Okay? Hi, but just call me Roger Mud. You're a full of crap. You would know a good song. And they start on you know as Alien. In fact, McGill wanted to put the Alien song on there. Idiot. Man, what a professional. Not a professional spec of professional cube, and that's all he knows. He was born in Chicago. What a joke. In fact, you should like Chicago. I do. So where you were born? Would you spend about five minutes there? Nine years, ten years. Nine or ten years. You wouldn't know. And now I'm off and you've been back. But twice. Twice. All these years, he's been back there twice. To one of America's truly great cities. They probably don't want your kind. The better the way. Nine. What is it? One of the best cities. The beautiful town. Yeah, let's take that pulled a bar to make McGill happy. What's the best city in America that McGill's never been to? How about see the log in New York? It's right down the road here. I can almost see it now. I'll tell you one thing I can't see. And that's all the hair that's fallen out of my head over the years. A whole lot of it. Boy, you can make a rug out of the hair that I've lost. And I'm looking at Mike Love on a picture of the Beast Boys album on a cover. This is when these guys were young. And he still his hair was falling out in clumps because God works in mysterious ways. He likes to make you guys bald. But get back at him. Say, huh, here you go, Lord. Charles Alfie or he's the hair God. And he'll get your hair back no matter what they're all going on. Because he's got that natural hairline system, the best in the universe. And 100% undetectable. Nobody, for example, if you're walking on the street, no stranger would see it for the first time. I know it wasn't your real hair. And even people who do know you will say, gee, I wonder where that hair came from. It looks like it's going out of your scalp. So call the name. I guess today when we're doing that people magazine list with a hot looking guy's. And we go like, just cowering. I've got to be poor. That you were like crawling under the counter there yesterday. You're so worried about your macho rating falling down a couple of notches. What a puts. Can't have that. The old can't have that. Goes out on those appearances in the QA and van for all those sports things, man. We gotta keep that macho level up there. Oh, yeah. What a schmuck. But anyway, just go to show you folks. Just because somebody looks good. Don't mean they got any clue at all. And there's the poster child for that right there. 9.56. I'm enjoying this. Of course, some people in New Orleans because no matter what you do, I just plan music. It's too bad it's on a crappy A. I'm signal like this. What that scratchy sound though. It's too bad we did not on that family. At least had that digital radio that little Tommy Jickus or said it about. That's still at least a couple of years away. Right? What a shame. Because I can only imagine how this stuff sounds like that. And one thing about crying that I just played by Erosman, the level on that song, I had to put almost in the queue in a matter of how far you turn it down. It would be good. It's coming back. You're not going to turn me down. We're just trying over here, baby. It is loud. Okay. 9.56. Anybody in Knox Steve Tyler has to stand over our dead bodies on his show. We love Erosman. Also love REM. But you know about them. Well, Lou Balances does it again. Just as that big Thanksgiving meal is going to make you sit down to relax. New Balances are photo wants you up on your feet. And for the big afternoon, thanks, give me a sale. This is absolutely the time to talk turkey and do Balances. And putting thousands of people to the most comfortable shoes they ever felt, including me. And now it's your turn. And you know what I haven't fallen down once yet this this time around? Yeah. Because I got my great new Balances walking shoes. Instead like those Bellar-minus slippers are used to wear. Ah, the good folks. This is a long spot. I don't have time for you like interjecting. This is a five minute spot. And the good folks at New Balances are going to help you with 15% off their repair stock, plus up to 50% off selected styles. What does that mean to you? I'm glad you were. Savings. New Balances stuffing you with savings and auto athletic and put where needs are shoes for cross training, running, walking, cross dressing, lifting weights. New Balances wants you to gobble up shoes for any of your weekend warrior activities. Make the pilgrimage to New Balances for the big after Thanksgiving sale with 15% off-stall sizes and with the shoes that you used to have to shop for when catalogs are by mail order. New Balances is your one-stop shop. They're leaving special order for you in our search for charge. New Balances got sizes from infinite all the way up to size 20. So there are no excuses to keep you away from the big after Thanksgiving sale. And you can get all the trimmings too like New Balances athletic shorts shoes. What is it shirts? Got that? And all styles of athletic socks too. You can find new balance in the adventure of mall, pie, crest, book, and town center. And there are newest locations in Palm Beach Gardens will be opening in December just in time for X-mas. 15 to 50% off other stores are turkeys compared to the price service and selection will always find at New Balances of Florida. And you might have a logical Smith balm. Oh, biaf. What could it be for? I look around off from the clock. I'm feeling much better than you guys have been on top of Lanford 만 away. I'm telling you, you're my cell phone, lather away Until you see the human kingdom Giant water right where you grab a trunber a raft I take the blood in and out to what the boy grows sea Now, back south doesn't use a found Under water and drown the tiger around To look a rough tail of the ground In the biggest park you've ever seen Now, to make sure all the toilets are clean Those are in an auto-graph Like a big shot me to the side And then, we'll park your car It's all about how important you feel And the rest doesn't cause your things It's no big deal for a thousand people Go down to Alien Young Mark There's onion beer from the road going down And rockin' music by LaFan Dan While a tissue grants land Eighteen, they're the vans A river called me black At least the raunders when they're crumbling Playing back to me, playing my army blood And it's too big That's for me to play the dead sucks So, stay now, call Alien Young Mark Oh, Alien Young Mark Alien Young Mark And welcome to Fire in tune That's enough It's a 10, I have about just this This crap It's got some good time though Anyway, 10, 0, 2, 5, 60, W, Q, M, half, B, 2, D, 2 And this is the holidays, you know, a little bit of music Right? Do something different on the holidays Like Thursday I heard they're toward the end of the unmechanical one Show this morning that he was going to be reading the entire schedule Tomorrow for Thursday That means he's going to have to mention the beast by name I guess Oh, maybe that's why he's waiting to tomorrow To build up the courage to do that Thursday, we got a special schedule Because everybody, of course, is off on Thursday For the holiday? Isn't that nice? Yes, that's nice Now who is that? The giant? Oh, Dave Hagen Hagen, Curtis and Vlad are doing the morning show That's an interesting combination Yeah That's your is That should be a hoot I think I'm going to get to early listen to that No, not And then on our show, the beast is going to be filling in I am the beast He's going to be filling in He's going to bring his bang, have a great time What's wrong with having a bang on Thanksgiving huh? Build up an ice appetite for dinner I love eating nuts Then from one to five, it's the big bang Oh, who's always around when we have nobody else to put on That's one good thing about him He's a good guy He doesn't belong on here just to say hello or goodbye But the big always there to kill some good time And he does a hell of a job of a two And then from five in the afternoon until six Friday morning We got ESPN radio Ha ha ha ha ha ha I thought we had football games or something What mufflers tell me a few days ago when we talked about this schedule I thought we had football or something on Thanksgiving day O, PSPN radio No It is? Probably? No We don't have any football Well, let's get the paper Don't play it to the Patriots who are playing Detroit on Thanksgiving day I know this is the newspaper yesterday It's really amazing how nobody wants to give any credit to this team It's just astonishing especially on this station Okay, no credit It's called jealousy because somebody won a Super Bowl last year And some other team I know has won a Super Bowl nearly 30 years But at any rate It said all the papia's only have three days to get ready for the game on Thursday against the Lions Of course the Lions also played and lost on Sunday to Chicago And they also have only three days to give a beach a cargo Are they your part? They beach a cargo No, yeah I thought they lost 17 to 10 No The Lions beat the bears And over time Get out of here Yeah, it's stupid call by the coach I didn't see that Well, whatever it makes no difference That's irrelevant I thought that they lost that game 17 to 10 I would have sworn that Okay, what does that have to do with the press of peanuts? The point being you're just that's not another diversionary tactic The fact that a matter is they also have only three days So what's the difference? Why is it such a big story that the papia's only have three days to get ready? Let's play get ready by the impressions we got it No Now here's another good point What about Jefferson airplane starship somebody asked? Another one should have been on the list And let me ask you is Grace Look I'm just getting I'm just going to hope it's a call saying that you are right That the bears did beat the choice I don't know what is this man talking about You know, I don't think about having Miguel on this week It's perfect Nobody else I know is perfect But everything this man says is crap I mean I've never seen anybody better Thousands even tied cob could come close I thought the final squad that game was the bear 17 The bears and the Lions 10 Can you tell me? Huh? Somebody just said that it was the bear's 20 and the Lions 17 Well whatever, I thought the bears won a game Yep, I'm sure that they beat the Lions The Lions couldn't win a fixed game, okay Miguel You better get with it Mr because you're just Oh, brother I think I think the early of the pressure from the alien and the Bruce Lee's gotten to him Here's our pool Are you ready to admit you were wrong? No Okay, based on what you know which country should the US be attacking now None any attack will lead the total chaos 51 he said that That 151 votes on there Saudi Arabia 39 is what you folks say All right That's first in our list They're even above REM and the What was the other one? REO Speedwagon Iraq 32 Canada for calling WWE more on 17 North Korea 7 That's NORF Korea 7 Pakistan 3 and Iran 2 I'm kind of disappointed Pakistan 2 a little better If we do just a little bit better I'd play that bit again, I'll play it almost every day Until we blow up Pakistan It's one of my very favorite bits Put Israel on your pool How do you believe it all says some fact I've already suggested that I've solved a lot of problems Let's see Two different cruise lines, two weeks same home port same pathage And what a coincidence is good thing this is only a stomach virus And not something highly lethal and contagious like Say smallpox says this Factor like smallpox Then you'd have to quarantine the entire ship by the past years Did and then a burden of bodies then dismantled the ship Burn the pieces and melt the metal down for scrap Yep, good thing it was just a stomach virus Good point What effects is it coming hot and heavy? Let's see old people rules says this one 187 dies from November 15th injuries A bookable man died Friday from injury She suffered in November 15th accident Hadithum 87 was a pastor in a vehicle And Bob may collision at the intersection of palm vista And US 441 She died from injury spread And morning at Delay Medical Center The driver of the car sell my ettenburg 100 Was seriously injured One hundred One hundred Police at ettenburg was attempting any legal use Terminer vehicle was struck by a carger And by Irving Zulkin 77 of Boka Zulkin was not injured police said Anyone who witnessed the accident That's to call the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office How do you like that? You got three people involved One way or another, one of whom's dead now 77 87 and a hundred I rest my case and after a funeral parlor folks That's offload of FOIA Where the average median age is death plus five Here's a call from West Palm Here's a call from West Palm Beach, hello Hey, yeah, the morning Yes, sir, when is this? I want to talk to you about that You used to talk to you a couple of months ago about the dial pills and all that I was about the way About the pharmaceutical companies And I was killing a man Yeah But the new book I called Death by Dyer And the children are all the pharmaceutical companies I'm more interested in making money than anything else And it's not the type of react inside It's not the type of a lot of times And while I'm in the leading the country Lead in the world of times Elfers on Elfersew When anybody else eats whatever they want Don't bear from it Yeah It's just something It goes back to the faint of the acting side It's a real good thing And a couple other times And the dances on the AMA are very dense So backwards, it's crazy What's the name of the book? It's part of that Okay Take it on you You'll be interested I'll go out and get it right after the show Thanks Death by Dyer We're dying over here They're throwing wood in the meat Because they're killing us In a public sits back A little bit like that because you all brainwashed You see all the commercials and all of this Right in its fashion, it's convenient And they're killing you They're killing you with poisons with crap They're killing you old people All these prescription drugs They're just loading them up And you'll notice now something that In the last couple of years This new phenomenon Every magazine you buy Every TV channel you watch Within the first few pages of the first few minutes of your watching Here come all these ads for ZoCore And this drug and nevercore And all of this other crap These statin drugs by the way That the petting are going to kill a lot of people too If they haven't already There's that speaking of horrors There's that Dan Reeves on their petting That ZoCore We have to see those spots I'm sure you have Yeah Give it about every four minutes He's on it again I'm still alive Must be pretty good stuff Just stick to your football Dan Okay, leave the drugs Everybody else like South Florida We know our drugs in South Florida Including some legal ones too Just leave it to what's your name The busher a daughter No well It's almost time for the first no well And then it's almost Christmas time And you know what you need on the first no well though Just some good drugs Oh 560560 We're playing a lot of music today Well we got the Eagles the Chicago the doors The Beach Boys and Aerospace That's what I'm playing And Nirvana Just to make Joe Costello happy Oh he's probably sleeping What was he bitchy and bitchin about again Who do we leave off? Uh Oh wow, I forgot Whatever it was He's got a he's got a complaint Every day now I noticed it's dead mother bent Oh Steve Miller band He had added here Crazy The greatest American rock band The Steve Miller freaking bent I mean they were okay Yeah they were alright They would be like saying Bill Haley and a comets Was the best American band of all time Because they were like you know a long time ago They were the first They were the rest of the world Right Anybody agree that Bill Haley and a comets with it Oh no Kind of crap is that Yes since his wedding day To start to approach your fashion You notice he's always like on edge He's just not the same old Joe That we used to know and love Now he's like almost gotten a hostile He would tell me yesterday he was complaining about something He's hanging out with Mark too much Seeing what? He's been hanging out with Mark too much Was that his Mark a sour guy? Got a little temper Does he really? He looks kind of like he looks a little sour Maybe too many of those sour deals 59 people say don't attack anybody It lead to total chaos We'll have mass lunacy in the world I think they may have a point too Saudi Arabia 49 Iraq 38 Who should we attack? How about an Iraq attack 38 Canada for calling WMoron 22 North Korea 7 Pakistan still made 3 in our ran as a guy Only 2 And now everybody who votes We're going to make you a show Where those countries are in the map Oh I think I saved that story Did you hear that story that day? Yeah heard it Oh Unbelievable What do you say in unbelievable? You're telling me that the goddamn lions beat the bears And you're telling me that I read it wrong yesterday Sorry Now you were born in Chicago Could you find it on the map? What state is that? Hey Oh man Oh Brother Anybody need any good drugs called up Miguel Because he is ship and must have come in 1013 hit I was sick there That was a choice I was a keeper Carlos I'll tell you keeper Tom Laminate Hallot Pontiac Tom's been around the block a few times Down there at Hallot They've been in that same location for 35 years Treating people great which is why they're still in business In fact, Hallot Pontiac and GMC are proud to announce the great Neo Rogers deal, the 0% sale going on right now Yes, with the proof credit from GMAC You can get zero down payment and 0% financing And all 2002 and 2003's Pontiac and GMC models plus zero payments for 90 days Or take your rebate if you like it up to 5 grand And as always, it's hallot zero hassles Don't forget to mention you heard about the Neo deal And save even more Check out the complete line of those big gas guzzles Maybe they love them down there GMC SUVs including the Onvoi and the Pontiac vibe Onvoi was voted by Motor Trend as SUV The year in the vibe has got the power of a big gas guzzling sports car You're love it You can almost smell the gasses pouring out of it Hallot's also got a great selection of dependable use car's truck's SUVs And as far as credit is concerned, if you got the best credit in the world Or the worst or somewhere in between Makes no difference because they'll cut you the no matter who you are and what you're doing At Hallot, it's the great Neo deal 0% sale And Hallot Pontiac 134-116-E Highway That's US-1 across from the falls open every day seven days a week For more info on a special deal, just call the Neo deal hotline toll free 1-3-8-5-3-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-46-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-5-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-5-4-4-4-1-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-1-4-4-4th-15-8-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-3-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-5-4-4- It says it won't sustain See the memory, tell you how to be As a human, long and long way Any next season as a bomb, you get the way When the hell you say, if you sit in the back And the hearts become, we want it all to go away today Here we are, and we're trying to try to drop a chance And we're trying to follow this path We're just all to live our lives And we're trying to build it all And we're trying to protest We should send him back Here we go, he's still wanting And we're trying to know Oh, great, great The love of the shant, the love of the city Follow who they are, should I ever dare All right, if you're young Walsen live with the Mickey Leave a kill of the far behind And shower here, would give symptoms While my enemy, my enemy slowly died In the angels, you listen to the bombs And you get the way, when the hell you say To send them back, and the hearts become We want it all to go away today Here we are, and we're trying to drop a chance And we're trying to follow this path We're just all to live our lives And we're trying to build it all And we're trying to protest We should send him back Here we go, he's still wanting And we're trying to try to jump To live our lives And we're trying to build it all And we're trying to protest There was one guy to keep telling you It's much to do about nothing, man And I'm thinking back on all of that crap I don't think in a history of this country Has more been made out of something as meaningless As was made out of that The whole world was like fixated Everybody was up in a fear If I can use that term Psychotic Over a child custody case It's all it was, much to do about nothing Pfff, pfff, pfff Protests and every other block Oh brother, protest Yep Burning tires, psychosis, hysteria All of Miguel's people out there Carrying on like a worthless coming to an end going Like that would say do so well Whenever their orchestrated to do it Yeah Yeah Miguel by the way, I'm thinking Just like Ohio State did I'm there kind of like that And it wasn't even any football game Because it was an April as I recall It was an April three years ago I don't understand How can today be the third anniversary of him washing up on sure When all of that crap took place in April No, I think it was washed up in November Remember it being before the end of the year No, no, no I'm just saying that an April was when the It was the height of the psychosis Right So that thing went on for months and months and months then Go away, Kelly Miss Molly Speaking of a sea interrupted me I was about to Point out that tomorrow's Wednesday Even though George is on vacation this week tomorrow And I will be another treasure island extract began Now as Miguel guy, no Carlos will be there Hope and praying he'd lucky Maybe a fat boy might even bump into him But Miguel, are you gonna be there tomorrow? I'll be there Really? I have to What do you mean you have to be there? I thought that you weren't permitted any more to go to those That was all you What do you mean that was all me? That was the story around the building that your lady friend wouldn't allow you to go to those things I went to ask because she was getting jealous I got a workman See I go for free just to hope to get lucky Yeah I'm not getting involved Okay, all you guys with all your little things Gotta know what's gonna be going on there Except the I agent and now we glossed over this before But this story is so outrageous and so grotesque That it definitely needs to be rehashed again at least for a couple of minutes Except the I agent convicted of lesser charges for wrong way crash A former FBI agent was acquitted yesterday of killing two brothers By driving drunk the wrong way down an interstable was convicted of lesser charges David Ferrell was acquitted of the Yman slutter and vehicular homicide But convicted of misdemeanor drug and enrequist driving he faces up to six years in prison And couldn't happen He had faced up to 30 years for the wreck that killed the youth minister Marys Williams 23 and his half brother Craig Chambers 19 a college student He had no reaction as the birth was red but as attorney later wiped away tears The victims mother cried as the brothers relatives had their hands at arms class It's been a long three years Ferrell set outside the court And a message to the victims relatives he said Hopefully they'll find some peace and comfort my heart and prayers go out to them Ferrell faced two charges each of Hitler homicide The U.I. Manslaughter and driving with an unlawful butt-out call level Causing the deaths of Marys Williams and Craig Chambers The crash took place 1243 in a morning November 23rd 1999 Vod just as sure moves fast on it It was on November 22nd 1999 that the Williams and Chambers attended choir practice While Ferrell and his FBI colleague Rob Drinking and watching Monday night football At the quarter-deck seafood bar neighbor her grill and Davy Ferrell left the court a deck in his dark green on the headed north to his home and cook on it Creek Legumes and Chambers left their mother's home and Lodahill headed north to Chambers College in Boca One of the two cars turned around on an I-95 the F-HP first blamed the brothers then Ferrell After was learned the brothers were sober while Ferrell's blood alcohol level was point 14 The fence lawyer Bruce you offer pedally as Broward Circumstage Mark Gold to move the case to another county because of intense media coverage But the request was denied the trial began on October 16 The F-HP initially reported the brothers were heading the wrong way The agency reversed its position a month later The brothers relatives accused law enforcement of racial discrimination Ferrell is white the brothers were black the family has civil lawsuits Pending against the FBI the F-HP and the bar And good luck to them in all of them. How do you like that? Well, these two of the three. Good to want to pick out a quarter deck, do we? No. What about our fine sponsors isn't it? So like I said two out of three ain't bad I'm just doing that for your benefit Let's see, we're talking we're smoking weed I saw a couple of friends here as yesterday This is the same guy this is over and over again today They were speeding on the way to somewhere in their convertible right covered Corvette It was on I-95 in a carpool lane They were smoking weed looking at dirty magazines I pulled alongside them and said needle god Then Jesus and Elvis gave the mandate All right Bob Seeger somebody says Bob Seeger is a group what was Bob Seeger's group the silver bullet band? Yeah, but he's the eight Bob Seeger isn't a group No, I mean a lot of guys had a band it's like Elvis in the Jordan air is you know me is it was Elvis a group? No, I was I was hinting mommy and bed together You know what's how nobody wants to talk about that? He slept in the same bed with his mother until he was 20 years old Maybe that's the way they do it down the south Yeah, two pillow Isn't that where he was from two pillow Mississippi? Two pillow? No, it's mine I don't know how this book spanish did you? There's a little one from a gallery, everything with Miguel Revolzerman at the Espanol man I don't know if it's for the life of me. Oh look at this here's the football highlights I bet you the bears are gonna beat the lines again Probably are you finally gonna cough up on it? You're gonna give up or you're gonna continue insisting You know I bet I read it wrong you have to Schmuck 27 after 10 at five sixty we got to get a lot more music on here man. We're starting to slip a little bit I'm thinking Friday that day after Thanksgiving. I'm just playing music all day and Friday. Oh the audience will hate that wouldn't it? Music and comedy bits all day Friday See because certainly in years past like a schmuck I used to work on Thanksgiving. They don't ask me why why I have no idea and we'd play all comedy bits on Thanksgiving It was kind of a feature of the show that the audience looked forward to we play the reputation content We would do this we had a lot of time, you know But I don't think I'm gonna be doing that this Thanksgiving because the beast is gonna be on Oh Telling some real amazing stories Hey, I'm telling you place where you hear some amazing stories that's either pizza law location Jeff Cohen will tell you stories You'll say I can't believe any of that is true the most amazing part of it is trust me when I tell you it all is it's all true Lunatic of wild man and maniac who continues and spite of his own personal average behavior pumping out the greatest child in town That both pizza law locations Did I just say pizza how to menu go I don't think so. No, I hope not. I see and I have a subliminal thing because Boca Brian's doing those the jingles for the pizza I mean, we like our friends at the pizza, but they know pizza law and one of the main things going is that everything is made fresh and by hand in delicious at the pizza law Every Monday's lasagna. I Tuesday like that is eggplant type. I one of these dinners these nights get the second one for only five bucks every Wednesday kids Eat free with a dulce concied just famous magic show Thirdly is bite night at the law. Come on a motorcycle by one dinner get the second one for half price and if you're singing a door song when you come in got only knows what they'll give you I mean don't art all bikers big doors fan out with thick Like jazz McCay what am I talking to you guys you don't even know who the I'm talking about what is shame Then good thing George is off this week because he gets real testy about this music stuff pizza. Love got three delicious kinds of pizza Audit and favorites chicken and veal dishes seafood calzone super subs the most amazing garlic rolls you've ever even come across in your life and for take out and delivery and catering in Davy which in Davy between Griffin 595 a university driver p.m. here when imports with tons and tons of free parking for take out a delivery there call nine five four nine one six eighty eighty nine one six eighty eighty and the brand new plantation pizza law call this number and by the way It's right behind that the drugs to an accordion of hills and rise same delicious food same great service same teeny tiny prices nine five four three eight two ninety nine three eight two ninety nine Lunch dinner late night snacks. You can't be to the stick the world famous pizza law now with two brauer locations My This is God The most explosive band of the 70s is back here. This is back here. It's live in concert. They're turning gray and they're coming your way I was made for two and all baby who are made for defense If I can hear you calling my hearing aid is dead I Was He All Everybody I Was Was The Honey My hearing aid is no I'm sorry. WQA. Thank God that's over man. A middle of their smash to I should point out. The two glaring omission. I noticed not a word. See. This is the anthem for a lost generation. That's all. That's what that is. Not a word from the other side. Yeah. Anyway, sticks. You know where they're from? No. Since we left Stix and R. E. M. I'm off the list and we apologize profusely. And also the monkeys and R. E. O. Speedwagon etc. Stix is from Chicago. Sweet. You know what's the date that's in? In Greek mythology, sticks is a river in hell. In Hades. See all the stuff you learned here today already? Yeah, I did that. I learned one thing. I shouldn't have played that. I'm going to have a headache. Huh? What's wrong with that? I hate it. I'm not into R. Vanna. Okay. How many other hits did they have? Let's point out. Well, the whole city was great. How many other hits didn't R. Vanna have other than smells like teenage smugma. They had a few. Name me one. I can't remember the names of the song. I know there was one. I wasn't a deep fan, but they did have a few. I understand that makes it commercial. And they don't have to be commercial to be great. We get all those. How about come as you are? That's that was one of their hits. That made it all the way up to number 32. That was big. How about about a girl? That was an album cut by the way. It was number a single. It made it up to number 22. And the man who said who sold the world made it up to 39 other album cut. That was it. That's a medley of their smash, which I just played. God, would they go to watch? I know. This is a fucking dumb thing. I'm beat that jater me. Oh! Oh! You're the one we're getting tired of you. You're the one you should be killed about. That's what we're gonna be. Rolling the girls don't sound so hard. You should be on your way. Be crazy. Just go fly. You're the onion in a tube is waiting. All you have to do is go have fun. Yeah, I know. We've had a lot. And had you sell and see how to hear my. So go back to Havana. It's only nine years miles. So go back and see Castro. But you're on your brand new wild. You asked me in the tube. Because you've loved one. And not you. So go back to the arm. It's so close. You can see your daddy and more grandmas. It's a fun. The past we're getting here in the office. It's here made all the tough shows. Well, all early on all day for day after day and week after week and month after month. 255 votes on the pool today on the arages.com. Based on what you know, which country should the US be attacking now? None. Any attack will leave the total chaos. 76 people said that. Saudi Arabia. They're starting to catch on Saudi Arabia. 71. Do you think the Saudis could be these sandchiggers in a wood pile? Iraq 50. Canada for calling WMRI. 29. Let me know when you were coming. North Korea. Wait a minute. Just changing again. I mean, I hate that. North Korea 10. Pakistan 6. And Iran in last place has got three. Let's see if they can find Iran on the map. It's just a little tiny country now. It's right next to Illinois. I think Miguel. Somewhere close. Right. Yeah. It's in the hood. Get the letter. You know. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Yes sir. I talked to when the L.E. on Dutch settled that Maris Laces would be a cottage industry selling stick laws into the something. But that's not what I call. Yeah. When Eric Clapton's son died, he wrote a song for him called Here's in Heaven. Uh-huh. And then he turned around and sold the rights to it to the soundtrack to the movie Rush. So he basically kind of hoard himself out for that in my opinion. It just leaves a bad taste in my mouth. And the other guy's picking on aerosmith because they do commercials. At least Steve Tyler's daughter. She still alive. It looks pretty good. Well, I think it's the one with same wine to Derek Smith doing that. I mean, if they want to make a buck gray, but I think it cheapens their body of work when they're selling out their heart for the bottom wine dollar. Because they did commercials and cheapens their work? Yeah. How about all the movie stars and all the TV stars they do commercials? Including Dennis Franz of whatever hell his name is who pretends he doesn't do commercials. And then goes out and does the cell phone spots. Wow. But that's not art. You know, he's, I mean, active in a TV drama. It's not. Art my opinion. It isn't? It's pretty little form of it. Anyway, you know, stick time from Chicago. Stick to from Cuba. Okay. Formicale. Formicale. They just won't let up on me, huh? Rather forget that lines. Bears coral screwed up. Got the wrong winter. Got the wrong score. What you sleeping for? While your window is open. Uh-huh. I'm out to the truth. While your window is open. I'm out to the truth. But I feel secure. Because your tip will watch while you're. When does your bill. Funny. I ran into a gym morson on the streets of Toronto yesterday. So looking pretty good. For the old eye. Ten. Hi. Is okay. Said he's been talking to Elvis. Been hanging out with him. Ten 51 at 560 WQ. Anybody with put in a fran on the same pool. And you notice how poorly dated by the way. Oh, I want to see the age of the people that voted on here. Like all the people that voted for the doors. Neurosmith are old farts. No, you know that's not true. Huh? No, it's just older. That old farts. Just an older crowd. And I'm the ran-up crowd. So in my words, you're telling me that somebody who's like, let's say 35. Okay. Would vote for aerosmith before Nirvana? Yeah. Oh, I'm just right. I forgot 35 is old. I'm not old. Somebody who's 30. I vote for the doors. I vote for the doors. Yeah, look at you. You're like, what? 10. Carlos. About 10 years old. He's waiting for one beanie to drop. And he voted for the doors. I don't, I don't buy that. See, this isn't the same as it used to be once upon a time. We're not talking about Rudy Valley. Okay. And being cross-be. And Frank Snattra. See, that's an amazing thing about rock music that's for the last 50 years now, or close to it. Is that it transcends the generations. Oh, I grant you. We don't have any hip hop crap on our pole. But how many hip hop groups can you name? I mean, our most hip hop artists like, you know, individuals who record like with other people, you know, like featuring Dr. Drave, featuring Dr. This. Right. Right. Yeah. This is a mishmush. That mishmush, right. At the mosh pit. And it is the pits. Anybody would put, let me say again, Nirvana on the same pole with these other groups is just, it would be like putting John Bond Blommy on there, which we did, which you apologize for having von Jovi on. I tried to tell you yesterday, don't let's put him on there. Now, why did we do that? Was that on the guys list? Oh, yeah, I was on his list. And you know something, I actually crossed it out. And then I changed my mind because you guys talked me into it. We put his whole list on there, and then we added just a couple of other ones. We'd left off Guns and roses, bad mistake. And we left off Grand Funk, railroad in REM and REO Speedwagon and sticks and a four season not a four season thing leads me to an interesting question. Now, the beach boys, not only did they write most of their own music, Brian Wilson and Mike Love, but the beach boys also played instruments. I mean, Dennis Wilson played the drums. Everybody plays the drums. Ringo star. Anybody who really is in the musician, they play the drums. I'm not saying there are good drummers, but they're not two of them. All you're wrong about that Ringo star is the greatest drummer, okay, he's great. You follow him, saying? Yeah. It was a rock band, a rock group. But the four seasons, of course, just were singers, like the temptations, like the miracles like all those Motown groups we talked about yesterday. See what I'm saying? The voices in the instrument though. I mean, if you don't have to play it. Yeah, keep that one. He's going. Yeah, if you like Brittany to play it all right, you'd like her to use her larynx. Yeah, but she could stay quiet. What should you do with it? Yeah. Like that. Like that. Maybe in a slightly higher register. So full of crap. Now don't you see the difference that I'm trying to make there? You can't put all those groups on there who were like, I don't know. We'll have a separate pull for those one day for all the Motown groups and the four seasons and all of these people. Right. How about the on in the Bellmons? Since we talked about my close friend, Dion yesterday. You're not even like the on in the Bellmons? No, I do. Oh, Miguel don't have any idea who the hell it is. He thinks we're talking about racing again, Bellmont Park. That's how long Island by the way. That's an Elmont, New York on Long Island. Dion, Dion Warwick. What about Dion Warwick? She's a group group. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon, Marles Lund. Mad Dog's doing a show at Chulas today between one and three. The Humper is doing I have no idea why. It must be making a few extra bucks for this. Because the last time he did a show with that AAA arena, but something did you hear it that day? Sounded awful. I was there with him. Did you hear it on the ear? No, I was next to him. Oh, it sounded bad. So you people are engineering department. I know you're really on top of things. But see if he can't find two net a little bit before the Humper does the show. All four hours three to seven to seven to sat noon at the AAA arena. I were a winderman between four and five Rob Conrad five to six. 7 o'clock we got her at Coons Warm Up 730. It's a Coons basketball. You went and Texas A&M. Anybody going to be going to that? No, listening to it. Anybody care? No. Any K after the basketball game from GA and Joe and Marco overnight. That's our schedule. As we now start getting to that time of the year, we're not just Thanksgiving, but then you got all these other holidays coming on a good Christmas and New Year's, and all this other stuff. And so we just kind of like, you know, like most of the time, just fake our way through it. I sure enjoyed that. 11 o'clock six at five sixty W to come little medley. Nice to have two CD decks. See the way that works out. Notice that got up in here dancing. That's awesome. Oh boy, I sure wish we had pictures of that. We're in a well, blonde wig. Was you wearing a blonde wig? No, no. Murderer. Did you hide that? We took that back. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T of Verizon. If you want to know what all this music thing is we were inspired by that fast we got yesterday. Late in the show from that music distributor who compiled his own well, Louise, as we, who to how we is, compiled list of the top American rock bands of all time. And so we took their list. We added a couple here and we didn't scratch any off which is unfortunate. But, and so that kind of inspired. I went out and spent some of those cheap Canadian dollars and why not make them most of it. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Yes, man. I want to say that the interview was great. And I imagine if they all was song-boss. Could you do? I didn't hear what you said. What was great? I said that lovely little train. Oh, the medley. I'm just like you didn't play the whole entire thing too. Oh, I'll do that now. Because you got a bad echo. Wasn't that that chronic lady? That sounded like what's her name? Wanda. Didn't it? Kind of hard to tell when she's underwater. Come up for airs. We'd art next time. I actually cut that short the last one. A little bit to work because it's a lady collar on there. Don't ever be influenced by whatever it says on a thing. They're okay. You understand? Thank you. Don't ever be influenced. The show must go on. Yeah, you're right. I should have played the whole thing. There's so many great songs. You know, plus the Eagles. I mean, curses on them and all the songs are so damn long. You know, I'll I will say on my door CD. The doors are coming. The doors have some long songs. The doors have some long songs. Riders on the storm. How long riders in the storm is on here? And also like my fire. Riders on the storm on this particular cut. This one is the seven minutes and 15 seconds. Let them and light my fire is seven o'clock. Oh, right. Yeah, we close them. Good time with those. How about the end? How about your what? Black film. Yeah, how long is the end? Is that even longer than those? I think so. 1143. Oh. Oh. This is the end, my friend. Almost 12 minutes. I love those cuts. Put that them a curther park to shame. 5605. I guess in this two days, tabloids two day. I met a dude this one's door. I've been teasing for days. Now, Dr. Fills, boob obsession. It's not really all that exciting. But of course, the tabloids. You know, they got to make a big suicide. Everything. And anything negative about Dr. Fills will be delighted to read it. TV Shrank Dr. Fills McGraw has something bigger than advice on his mind. When dealing with women guest on his talk show, he just might be talking about breasts say sources. Oh, the 52 year old psychologist who shot the famous opera wintries guru and now has his own embarrassing talk show has been obsessed with big boob since his days in a teenage football star at Shawnee Mission, North High and the Kansas City, Missouri area. His shocking history includes insisting that his first wife lived waits to block up her breast size so she'd look nice, hiring big busted girls to work in his health spa. Telling pals that the topic alley was attracted to as big boob's. Well, that's pretty revolutionary, isn't it? And also being accused of sexually harassing a female patient who claimed he fumbled her breasts. To top it off his current wife Robin Sports Ace Insational bust line, and Dr. Bruce Nadele, a New York plastic surgeon, tells the globy believes it's the result of breast surgery. I definitely think she had a little help from silicone, his neighbor who has never treated Robin with a study to her photos. The breasts are too rounded on top for woman her age. Usually breast become droopy after age 40, so I think she's had implants to keep them firm. The graph first revealed this fixation with larger breast to high school pals, boob's had to be big. That was the type of woman who would catch those eye back then, because a former classmate. After migratory dispersed wife high school cheerleader Debbie Higgins in 1970 when they were both 20, he pushed her to look nice by lifting weights and bulking up her chest size, he claims, and Insiders says the way McGraw urged Debbie to exercise her chest area, boarded on obsessive compulsive behavior. Their marriage collapsed four years later, she says because he was cheating on her with other women. In 1971, Dr. Phil Lopin up the Greece in Hellspon to pick a Kansas, where one of his advertised specially treatments was a bust developer. And Insiders says when it came to hiring women, they'll always chose young gals with big tests that was absolutely the thing for him, the bigger the boob's the better. And look at all the boob's that are watching him now. That's the tragic part. Later after he became a psychologist he got in trouble, say sources, an 19 year old patient says she claimed at the time he touched my breast, and he put his hands between my legs. There's no public record of the complaint allegedly made by his former patient, but the Texas Board of Examiners found the, then 34 year McGraw had engaged in unprofessional conduct, kind of like the beast he was unprofessional. Ironically, McGraw probably got a psychology for the same reason he's obsessed with breast, Dr. Loss Muller tells the globe, he's needy. And a person who was fixated on breast shows he's very dependent and not properly nurtured in his youth, explains the tempo for the psychologists. It's not unusual for needy people to become psychologists. Now Dr. Phil needs to look for the interview the women instead of focusing, just on their big boob's. How do you like that? He's a boob man. As if that's unusual or something like that. Well, let's another one of those really sensational stories in the globe. How's our pool doing? Based on what you know, what country should the US be attacking now we asked today? How's our buddy Eric doing, by the way, you spoken him lately? Yeah. Is he okay? I'm a little worried about him. He seems to be cracking under the stress. Did it seem to be crying or anything? Good, excellent. Mark that down. Mark that on whatever day that was. 324 votes on a pool. So I look at that Saudi Arabia's post of the league. Oh, end of the league. The San Chikers into wood pile. 103 votes. None. Any attack will lead to total chaos. 100 saved that. We got a good battle going on there. And after that, it's got a small potatoes. Iraq 57. Canada for calling double to moron 38. North Korea 13. Pakistan 10. And Iran has only three. 12 minutes after 11 at 5. 60 WDQ. We got Thanksgiving in a couple of days. Then you got Chinooka and Christmas and New Year's all these holidays. Bring a lot of guests. A lot of nosy people who start inspecting air. Be last, detailed in your house. They look at the deceit. There's any dust on a furniture. And they certainly take a long hard look at your carpets. So with a guest come and do the smart thing right now. Call our good friends at dry concepts. And everything in tip top shape. Pretend you're really a big shot. Instead of the slobby, you really probably are. Rock concepts will come into your home and take care of all of that for you. Check out their website. Rockconcepts.com. And information on all the great things they do. Carpet dry cleaning, a post-recleaning leather cleaning. Or you have a rug cleaning and repair water damage restoration. Pet odors and more they take care of all of it for you. And the best part of the deal is not only did they do the best job in a world, but they give you a guaranteed written price up front. Before they start the job. Never any tack on's never any bad surprises at the end of the job. I've been using them to clean my carpets in my home for over 20 years. And if turn just about everybody I know I want to dry concepts they've all got that big smile on their post. They agree with me. There is nobody does a job for it like they do the best in the universe. So if you want your house looking sparkly new for the holidays. Call dry concepts now. Tool free call 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071. Clean today. You can entertain tonight. Not just advertising slogan. It's their business at dry concepts. I'm dying on my hands. So any chance I can no longer be because you see my frosting with your name. Or, but still I think I'm 23. I know they did. I'm about 802. And I got to keep my deep and be in where's through. Yeah, I'm so 802. But I can still keep rocking you. That's our QAM song, by the way. Love it 25 a QAM. A ledge victims of clergy sexual abuse won two victories in couriers that even as lawyers for both the victims and the church, met to try to settle more than 400 loss it was against the church. In two separate ruling suffix superior court judge Constance Swini criticized the arts dices of Boston, Constance Dorelation to Boston ruins defenseman Don Swini. The church ordered the public release of body 11,000 internal church documents related to 65 priest were accused of abusing children over the past three decades. On Friday church lawyers comply with a court ordered a hand over the documents lawyers for ledge victims, but the church crowd emotionally Friday asking that the documents be sealed from public view until a motion to dismiss a loss of against and allegedly abusive priest is hurt in January. Swini rejected the request and chastise church lawyers for attempting to shield the documents from public view. While the defendants have seemingly produced documents to oppose and counsel at the last minute and under a warning of sanctions and contempt, they still resist public disclosure of these documents to Judge Road and are hostile ruling. How do you like that? Oh, right here for the judge. You go judge. This past we got about Led Zeppelin. How many times do we have to say Led Zeppelin are Brits? Okay. The Brits give us the Schmetz, the Brits. This is about the Investomer of Ingroup and Heart. With all due respect, okay? You, is there anybody in that room who believes that heart belonged on that list? No. A little heart. Anybody in that room who believes that the lions beat the bears on Sunday? Is this the course where you'll face it? You, William. I got your breath for a beautiful. Oh! Swiss of Reads. Who are we going around? A certain will is star. Doing something we have. Brackham. The druggleton kept in the by itself. He showed it at the head of your own worship. A rich and pure. Ever wrote in his means. He said, way from my prepared kitchen. Would you love like his job? There's no need to suffer. Just head down to the pet shop for another hour. And of a lover. Come on and do more. Rits are here. Brits are here. Brits are here. Brits are here. Brits are here. Brits are here. Everyone knows the American job as hell. Everyone knows the American job as hell. Also from the same initiative that gave it a really boring story about Dr. Phil, some of more titillating story. Richard gears this stud, but the neuros did. It's fun. All those horrible stories about Richard gear in his. Tom and his pets. Former Bond girl, Terry Lowell finally wet her long time lover. Richard gear and she's one lucky gal according to a notorious ex-sikton who says gear is a tiger in the sack. Lowell's secret wedding to the American jiggle. A so private that the only two guests witnessing the ceremony at their home in scenic pound Ridge, New York, were the couples two year old son Homo, a Homer, and Lowell's daughter Hannah 12. But word is now out that 41 year old Lowell's handsome new. He not only has the power to make women's swoon with his looks, he leaves them breathless in bed. Ex-cover girl Carol Mallory, a former sex addict who claims to have racked up more than 40 showbiz trists. Rates gear 52 as near perfect in the sack. I give them a nyan as a lover Mallory Gush is how he liked that she gives them a nyan. And here is not the only celebrity knock down her bed post. You think you're chewing gum loses its flavor on her bed post overnight? For the release of her steamy book, Wookie of Confessions of a Cover Girl Mallory is kissing and telling about her triple-ex-rated flings with Hollywood's biggest and not so big stars. I wonder what means by Hollywood's biggest stars? But will you end up? Robert DeNiro was not well in doubt she says he likes you on top and he keeps his socks on. Oh no! He keeps his socks on! The one time supermodel best known for purring all my men were English leather or nothing at all and the 70s TV commercial member though is I do. You don't cause you too young to remember that punk. Yep. Both of you. Brought truth to advertising by betting a bevy of Hollywood's top heart throbs. And it all began with Kat about Tom Warren, Bady. We dated on the kitchen table she says adding, Warren is not particularly well and down and has no buttocks but he gave me three orgasms. Now that flies in the face of all the rumors about Warren Dowdy, Bady, Bady. Being in doubt like an elephant. How do you like that? Hmm. Never heard that. But he gave her three orgasms. Platoon star Tom Barrenger gets top billing for Mallory, 60. Who's happily married a 34 year old hunk Kenneth Gambone. Tom was the best I ever had except for my husband. He confessed he was sober in articulate, fearless and real. I like real men. Tom Barrenger. What was that movie he was in about the deep sound about the clan or what was that? That's other than that's other comfort. What was it? What do you guys know? Let's show it where you're talking about. The movie he was doing was like a double agent with like a southern skin head. You don't know. Somebody will call him. Some of Mallory's most famous partners are almost forgettable. Robin Williams is a real-life person but a mediocre lover Westman after what how he was in bed. She says I adore Robin but I can't remember his size. Not so with Mad Dylan who she says she did seduce the age 19 when she was 41. Matt was well and dad but had trouble getting his sneakers off. She recalls I enjoyed him even though he was not great. Was it well? How about your friend? He was 19. He's a punk. Yeah. Will we was conceived by the way? Did he see you? Yep. Thank you so much. With Tom Beringer. Good actor. Then there's the late W. Moore. Underlined a dud part I guess she says he liked to watch porno that turned me off. A pair of British superstars also proved to be less riveting off the silver screen than on it. Sean Cottery was a let down she'd appears and Anthony Hopkins was a disappointment he was boring. She didn't even say a big disappointment. I was like just saying I was so important about what we thought Warren Brady's actually not had that huge penis. Now Milton Burl did they have said that when he died recently they had trouble closing a coffin of the lid. Poor Uncle Milti. Milton Burl was a rumor had the largest long in the show business. That was the story. And he was Jewish to top it all off. I do like that. Shocking. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. A lot of the same people voted yesterday 400 times for who was it that got the crank. Ben Halen. They're voting today. Of course we don't really care today because we got we got 80 in votes in the sum of more real but not too many. 444 votes based on what you know which country should the US be attacking now Saudi Arabia 133. Some of those are real none any attack will lead the total chaos 112. Iraq 72 Pakistan 69. Canada for calling W moron 41 will be watching for it the border rate. North Korea 14 and our lands only got three. That's because they can't fight it on the map. Oh look at this. One of those people is in serious. Rescuered under way of water tower in your Dallas textures. This is much to do. I mean it's you know sad story. It doesn't really have any great significance of the kill on some time for CNN because it's breaking news. Follow me breaking news. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Miami. Gone didn't wait. Can't imagine why here's Marguid. Hello. Yes sir. You know what bandwidth and an igloo to me American Bay back in the day? What was that? War. Yeah. Those guys. They only play like two songs of theirs ever on the radio. Did they only have like one album or something? Well I can probably tell you just exactly what they had. If I can stall here for about two seconds. And Stevie Rave on was pretty good. Let's see. War. Spill the wine. Why love spilled the wine? Yeah. That got all the way up to number three. I didn't Eric Bird in the Amos also. Do that spill the wine? I don't know. Yes they did. Oh Eric Bird no. Eric Bird. Eric Bird and War. Eric Bird was the lead singer. He was in there. Huh? He was in there. Eric Bird and War. Okay. He was the lead singer on that cut. Okay. Let's see. All day music. Slip it in the darkness. The world is a ghetto. The Cisco kid. Yeah. The Cisco guy didn't like that at all. I thought that was crap. Little spider. Jipsy man me and maybe brother. Bollero. Why can't we be friends? Low rider. There's you just said summer and galaxy. Yeah they had they had a few here in there. Were they all black or were they Eric Bird and the token whiter? Howard Scott Lee Oscar Lonnie Jordan Charlie Miller Thomas Allen Morris Dickerson and Harold Brown. They sound like a bunch of black dudes to me. That's good. You know I have to make it black brock. Well there's a lot of black rock and roll acts man. How about all those motown acts? Well other than Motown that is. Yeah. I don't know. I don't really. I'm not. Don't consider that like rock and roll because I'm a little bit younger. Yeah. I understand that that's a tough. It's like that thing with the four seasons. I don't I mean their music was pop music you know but people had talked today about rock and roll wouldn't consider the four seasons rock and roll but then those same people probably wouldn't consider the beach boys rock and roll. But back in those days it was considered that you bet. All right. It's all relative man. So have a good time with your relatives. Well this is great. It's like the old QAM days with Ricky Tickey and the baby. This is this is a pv were a format change. Have a great holiday man. Later. See. I'm going to get the jump on those bastards on 640. I'll tell you that. Whatever that was. I can't keep track of those stations anyway. I was a j and a and j and o and j and u and all these six 40 and eight 50 and I have no idea what they are. Each one has got about 65 wants. That many. What? That many? 19 till noon. So did you hear all what state it was in? Why? And local. Here's sports video 560s. You a. You a. Go up. There. And. I'm. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. Who beat you up? And an! And. And. And. The other AZ, AZ, fit out, go, wife, just say So be true to your shoulders I'm the only AZ tonight, tonight, tonight We're the true to your shoulders, my mind So we're never made, we're made, we're made We're the only AZ tonight We're the only AZ tonight We're the only AZ tonight Our Friday's all be checked upon the sound and service Now be ready to pray Now be standing out my door that's at the offer In my choir now, she'll be singing away Be true to your shoulders, my mind Don't get down and start your life Now be a true AZ, my mind You gon' hold on not that's at the offer I stronger Look here with the hands behind you Be true to your shoulders Let you fight, want you to fly Let you fight, I should not hug you Let you fight, you fight, you fight Let you fight, I should not hug you Let you fight, I should not hug you Here's the facts from some schmuck and tempos. What about the band boss? They were pretty good at one time and the answer is they were okay. Would they be good enough to make this list? No. No chance. We've had them on other lists. Some of the occasions and we won't make them a stick again. Channel 10. Speaking of don't make the second mistake again. Uh-oh. You see the pull channel 10's taken? Yeah. In case of a rematch in 2004, who'd get your vote for president George W. or Al Gore? They've got 73.29 votes so far. 43%, boy 67% just say no. No, no. No. My life. And look. This is sports radio 560. Who am I? The state Goldstein. But you can call me down. Whenever I'm in town, I listen to. Wait a minute, I am in town. It's the 12th of one hour. Stop. Probably it. Well, some of your capital hill records and tapes is proud to introduce Al Gore's books on tape. You'll hear Al Gore, politician, and public speaker breathe life into such classics as Moby Dickling, particular to interest me on shore, a tale of two cities. It was the best of times. It was the worst of time. He'll bring all the chills and iridarkness of Edgar Allen Paul. Take the big from out of my heart and take the form from off my door. Close the Raven. Never more. Listen to Al Gore bring out the sexual tension in the steamy novels of Danielle Steel. And on new from the moment the caressed my tender skin that someday we, they together forever, so don't waste your time or strain your eyes reading books for yourself. Ship a boy. Pascine, a lot whale. So cry, they have available now at a Barnes & Noble bookstore near you. What is wrong with my delivery? I am a train, political fake. Put him on ice with Ted Williams, 12 out to a five 60 WKOM happy Tuesday. To the Mad Dog of One from Shulas, hang from the AAA Arena. That's where the second known. Five people have been arrested and connection with the Shubama Richard Reed, no relation to Donna or Robert. French police made the arrest in Paris as part of the investigation to read the attempt to blow up a transatlantic flight with explosives in his shoes last year. There were five arrests per questioning today in Paris and National Police spokesman tool right yesterday. The arrest where part of continuing text was established while Richard Reed was doing in Paris. Under French anti-terrorism laws they can be helped for up to four days before being placed under investigation, formally charged or released the A&P said. Reed pleaded guilty in October to while he counts against the McClulia attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction, attempted homicide and placing an explosive device on their craft. Reed 29 of British citizens in combat to Islam is overpowered by the flight crew, etc. And so on, on American Airlines Flight 63 from Paris, to Miami, on December 22. He is declared himself a disciple of Al-Qaeda leader or Sama Yamama, meanwhile French police yesterday arrested six suspected Islamic radicals, thought to have recruited young Muslims for extremist groups like Al-Qaeda. Speaking of people who are really dangerous, at least according to authorities, please Floridians who racked up $44.3 million in charges by calling a psychic hotline featuring mystic miscleo will not have to pay under a settlement on the state yesterday. Richard drilled Carlos the rilled that you won't have to pay now? Yep, but you're into all those infermers as I'm sure you watch Miss Cleo. Oh, you should see my phone bill. The agreement with Floridia will be based on good thing you got paid again yesterday. The agreement with Floridia will be based on access resources services also, prohibits the company from operating pay of a paper call services in Florida, or signing up new customers for a prepaid services. The financial futures of those people who got hoodwinked by ARS and Miss Cleo are now a bit brighter, so Florida Attorney General Richard E. Durand, equally important day in the others will not be subjected to further possible exceptions by the separation. The Attorney General's Office lies February charged ARS and its TV pitchwoman, U.R. Della Harris, aka Miss Cleo, with the Zed and customers. Among other things the state charged at an offer of free psychic, well we know all of that. But we know all of that, yeah. Without admitting wrongdoing, ARS agreed to forgive $44.2 million not standing charges to Florida customers and return money to those who paid for services and of sought refunds to the Attorney General's Office or who do so within 60 days. So you still got too much to get your money back. ARS will pay 40 grand to cover the state's investigative cost, well also refrain from selling, renting, otherwise disclosing names, telephone numbers, credit card numbers, and other information about consumers who access the company's paper call services. Florida is the last of 10 states to be cheering for the ARS as usual. On November 14, the FTC voted 5-desipped to approve a settlement with the company that required the Hotline Operator to cancel $500 million in customer bills in nine other states and then pay the FTC, a $5 million fine. Where the wrong business? Yeah. I'll tell you what, I'll be glad to pay a $5 million fine if I can do $500 million in business. I don't sound too bad to me. You got it off. When do we start? It's the psychic hotline. And I got news for I got much greater psychic powers than that pitch any day the week. For example, last night I had a dream that we had a whole new sales department at QAM. I'm not making that up. I told that to Carlos before to show this morning. Very bizarre dream. I really dream about that place, usually it's only nightmares. Premonition. But I had this very strange dream that every single one of the sales people was gone. Every one of them. Even bald-headed Troy. Rho! Which we'll think in at work. And the Rawley's new people in there and they were all trying to find a desk in an orifice in which the sit and like I was of a bizarre as usual as anything connected with that place is speaking of a bizarre, the real case, the real, what would you want to do this in? Is this in the globe also? What, it's just full of crap. The real story behind shocking photos of the King of Pop drugs destroying Jacko. Michael's family is living in fear that he's going to end up dead just like Elvis. Oh, right. Is Michael Jackson dying at ass? Is the question frantic friends and family are asking after seeing those shocking pictures of the glassy and bug-eyed King of Pop with his decomposing nose badly discolored and taped up from years of plastic surgery and his hands discolored and badly swollen and mischapin. And it's got some pictures that one on the left here is just, it's beyond description. Jackson's frightening appearance and confused and authoritative demeanor not to mention almost drop in that baby off the balcony in Berlin. On the world when he recently testified in the California courtroom to defend himself in a civil suit alleging he caused concert promoter $20 million for canceling two shows. Michael scared the hell out of everyone, fans, friends and family says one long time pal. Even Michael's got his pal, so I don't like that. I've never seen him look so bad. The first thing I thought was, oh my god, is he dying? Oh my god. And another source close to the singer, Reds, Michael is a total basket case often confused and out of it. Kind of like Greg, kind of like, I probably wish that same sound. He's complained for years about pain that the medication he takes as tournament was zombie. He's an accident waiting to happen. It's very sad. Michael is destroying himself. Oh, are we upset about this? Poor guy. Jackson's family is worried the 44 year old 44. The Zarsuprestar is still hooked on the powerful mind-running, a numbing drug demoral and fear he's so out of control. It could end up killing him. Alright. Stop it. That's bad. Couple of the report he suffered a medical emergency shortly before a second day of court testimony. Family members are scared to death. He's racing toward an early grave. Oh, right. No one knows what's going on with him. The pal continued, but all you have to do is look at him to see that something is terribly, terribly wrong. Just take a puke at a man. Jackson's behavior in court was just as alarming. He was described as unfocused and at times even struggle to read some of the documents putting in front of him. He also be loaded onlookers by dosing off the witness stand, Yigling as he was quizzed, humming into the microphone and playing with the magnifying glass. This is not the first time loved one's fear Jackson had fallen into the clutches of a powerful narcotic. Just last November, four family members, sisters Janet and Reby, and brothers Tito and Randy. If the one a charter jet from Los Angeles to New York to confront their famous sibling, after a staffer told him he was walking around like a robot, hooked on demoral and drinking large amounts of wine. But according to sources, a stubborn Jack O'Flatley refused their place to get treatment. They were scared for Michael Vennan, and they're just as scared for him today, the pal said, just look at him. Even though a slunch hour, just look at him. You don't need to medical degree to see he's got some very serious problem. Early in 1999, it was loaded that Jackson was regularly hooked to intravenous drip. That's in doses of the prescription pain killer, surging it was veins. A family in South of confirmed back then that the performer has been seen taking large doses of demoral, which has potential side effects including disorientation, hallucinations, and mental sluggishness. Ever since his family's failed intervention, they continued to get reports he was still using demoral the frances, but there's still nothing they could do. They've been told that some days he seems to be able to moderate his usage in others. He's back at it at full force, but his scary court appearance really hit home to them. A wide-eyed, action-faced Jackson showed up in court in Santa Barbara, carrying his ever-present surgical mask. Another day on the stand pictures reveal his hands were swollen, discolored, and mischapin. Jackson told a lensman that he'd been bitten by a spider, but Dr. Bruce Nailer, who's in every one of these stories in the globe, by the way, must be making a pretty penny. Dr. Nailer says that all spider bites can cause bruising and swelling, only the area of the bite would be affected. In this case, the swelling is distal or removed from the bruised area so it's unlikely it's from a bite, says Nailer. And Dr. Ryan Stanton says that demoral drips can definitely cause swelling and bruising in the hands. He says the drug can be used to control pain, but also offers patients who are drug-induced, as well. It has the added advantage of giving the patient a little high aside from the pain control. Kind of like you gave to Modesh for this morning. Remember, give him a little high? Just a little high. And he didn't speak to you. Life that you walked away. It has the advantage of giving the patient a little high aside from the pain control. The Beverly Hills Cosmetics surgeon tells the globe, and it can certainly cause swelling and bruising of the area where it's hooked up. Vokka retone pharmacist Dr. Skip Lens agrees saying, an IV drip can cause the skin to become bruised in swollen. Neither Dr. Stanton, Avalon or pharmacist Lens have treated Jackson, but it was Jackson's nose, ravaged by plastic surgery which have palled onlookers. He tapes his nose to hold it into place and give it some form. The long-time pal reveals, you can see what it's done to the whole shape of his face. He looks like some grotesque monster. Adding to friends' concerns is their belief that the singers under great deal of pressure and is having trouble dealing with it. This case is surely driving him crazy the pal says, plus his career is in the toilet. He's got financial problems and he's never gotten over being labeled a child abuser, labeled. Nine years ago while battling accusations of pedophilia, Jackson checked himself into a private hospital to get off prescription pills, but no one now seems to be able to convince him to get help. Michael's family believes he's surrounded by a bunch of yes men who just give into his every whims as the pal that's got them scared as hell. They're living in fear is going to end up dead just like Elvis. They're deeply, deeply worried about him. He's going to wind up dead. Just like Elvis. Have you liked that? Aren't you depressed? Aren't you wouldn't you like to extend the hand of friendship and have them out? Right out of that, out of that window, off the edge of the balcony and like one of the street below. Problem is past noon at 5.60 WQA. It's Thanksgiving week. Can't pull out. You're going to be a lot of people congregating at your home to a vet. I'll get it around the table with delicious homemade food and family traditions because it's not the turkey that makes the meal special. It's the people. Getting ready for the hungry guests can really be stressful. Especially if they're going to be staying overnight. If you're going to have a hospital this Thanksgiving let dial a mattress, make your holiday preparations a little bit easier. Now's the time to call 1800 Macros and get that new Macros Sydney for those pain in the house guests arrive. If they already told you that they're coming, even if you don't hear from them until like tomorrow night. Before they get their dial a mattress can deliver to you a top quality ceiling. Sort of Simmons or Kingcroll mattress the same day you call them. I've been sleeping on a dial a mattress for about two three hundred years and look what a great job it's doing for me. Call dial a mattress right now. Tol for me, 1800 Macros and talk turkey with the vet and consultages from the very best mattresses and even better prices. So, I see this Thanksgiving knowing that everybody in the house is sleeping comfortably. Get ready for the holidays right now. Do it now because time's running out by calling 1800 Macros tell them that old Neil Purti to call 1800 MATT RES for a dollar mattress. Brand name bed same day service called them now. Be sleeping like a baby tonight. Forget the words so please be kind. Sure we're all gonna be dead a little grumpy and we got too much brief time. Take it easy. Take it easy. Don't start a new career because we're late. Catch it isn't while we still care. We're raging ripples in beauty day. It's rocking rolls start sounding land when you take your seat. And we says that tried to code it launches a payload but they made a business all behind. Thinking clever in that together way past our front. Take it easy. Take it easy. Don't let our conscious take you in prices driving crazy. Come on, babe. Mys great. You know 50 million won, you know 50 million won, you gotta save me. We're doing treeeze. Call our explorers! I'm gonna play from here. Well, I got a list here of some of their hits. Such as Liffield. Yeah. Rapetney, even though Rapet is a funny rap. Rapet isn't funny, Mr. You better get with it. Uh, the comments you already said. Hard shape box with a big head. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. The comments you already said. Hard shape box with a big head. Oh my god. You really want to hear that? Did I say I wanted it here? Or why not? It'll kill some time. Yeah, it's interesting, but to me, they all sound the same. Rave me. I just talked about it. Alright, no wonder he killed himself. He went out of albums. Wow. He ran out of material. Good, got him this molly. horrendous. I don't want to hear that stuff again. Do you? No. Robert Blases, I wish I was dead. After hearing those last couple of cuts, I can relate to it. I think I understand what he's talking about. One Nirvana cut too many. A triple whammy of disaster turned Robert Blases into a raving suicidal many exorcises say. I wish I was effing dead, Blake wayldo a pal, or he also has pals. During an emotional jailhouse visit. I'm no use to anyone in this world. I wish I could just do away with myself. He said, he then broke into loud heaving subs, and cried for a good five minutes reveals the pal of a 69 year old actor, who stands accused of brutally murdering his 44 year old lovely wife, bodily bacly may 4th 2001. Sir, put lovely in her cajurging here today. He would have already been gone mad. I thought he would have been interrupting and blabbering all over the place. Blases out first came in the wake of three catastrophic blows. First, he cut a TV deal to tell his story, but it prompted his defense lawyer Harlan Brown to announce he was quitting the case. Second, the California Supreme Court upheld the decision to the man bail on a weight's trial, and third, a wrongful death suit was filed against him by bacly's four children, including two-year-old Rose Blake's own daughter. Harlan quitting was devastating to him as plain as his pal. Going on TV was something Bobby felt very strongly about, and the one guy he thought could count on, let him down. But the worst was yet to come. The Supreme Court's decision to which later was a torture as turn of events for this grace to star. Being that I'd bail wasn't even bigger blow the pal can fides. Bobby could only bear being locked up because he thought it was temporary. Now he's like a wild caged animal pacing back and forth, getting more and more worked up until he just collapses and starts sobbing. The civil lawsuit which won't start until a criminal case is finished was the final straw. Bonnie's heirs following suit against Bobby. We need to go to him because it hit him where he hurts in his pocketbook to pal notes. The thought of his ardor and dough going to Bonnie's family literally makes him crazy. As Brittany would say, crazy. Blake was been in the men's central jail in Los Angeles and since his April 18 arrest, he's a little hope for the future according to his friend. He just imagines himself slowly rotting in a jail cell says the pal for a free spirit like Bobby that's really tough to take. Too freaking bad. Oh, there's the moose man. Whatever it is that they were going to determine is critical to the indictment. Where that evidence came from. He still can't speak. We just think about it after all this policy he get well anyway. Speaking of Brittany, good segue. Thank you. Brittany, heartbroken as secret planned to win back just in fails. Aren't it? Then that just tear your guts out. Bye bye. Man. What is wrong with him? If you could see this picture of Brittany by the way, you'd be very upset. He looks really pretty nasty here. Well, she's upset. And guess what the captain is under the picture. It says, Brittany spear showed up at a Rex boyfriend Justin's doorstep under the pretext of retrieving some items that she left at his house. And he said, Pots star Brittany spears made a secret surprise visit to the home of a former boyfriend Justin Tinkerbell in a desperate attempt to win him back, but are trying to be kindle their romance failed miserably. The inquirer has learned. He is the the torpeous nastiest, nerdy is looking a little piece of crap. Maybe he's got a big penis, you think? I don't know. Oh, I wasn't asking you. I was asking Carlos, I realized that I wouldn't participate in such faggy speculation, okay? As to speculate about some other guys' penis. Not that you haven't thought in your life, maybe this one's got a large penis or not. But I'd rather think about Warren Vady, Miguel will reportedly let us sigh of relief. Yeah. Any difference in my life? No, I'm sure it does. Bye bye bye! Justin had spent months shattered over the break up before he finally put Brittany behind him and has no intention of getting back with his sources say. He's got bigger fish to fry. Brittany's planned reconciliation with Justin was a big bust. Let's try to close this. Let's try to close this. Justin told the inquire, Every story in his tabloids has got the word bust or boobin. You notice? When the emotional encounter took place at Justin's Orlando home recently, and it had been several months as Brittany and the boy band schmuck had seen each other. The singer arrived on a former boyfriend's doorstep under the pretext he needed some items that she had left at his house and then attended a reconciliation. When Brittany showed up, she was wearing sunglasses and a hat. And a very sexy outfit that showed off every curve of her body revealed on insider. Back to him, knife. Justin didn't know how to act when he first saw her, so we gave her a peck on the cheek. That's a peck. Then they both sat down in his living room. She asked him to sit beside her because she had recently had some pictures of them developed that she wanted him to see. Is there anybody who believes this crap? Oh, but it sure makes good reading. The reunion was friendly, but Brittany had secret plans to take it further and we captured the romance that the couple had once shared the source to be saying. Brittany went all out to source, said she had brought with her a backpack with a battle of wine hoping that he would end up with Justin back in her arms. Where was this source? Like under the couch or something? Don't ask any tough questions. This is in the inquired in our story. She talked about all the romantic times they had shared together. She complimented him on what a wonderful person he is, but although Justin enjoyed the compliments and the trip down memory lane, he was unconvinced. Bye bye bye! I understand he's run off with Aliens' daddy's what I heard. When Brittany realized her campaign wasn't working, she tried to apology the source, and said, carefully telling Justin, I'm sorry she was for her part in her breakup last March. She begged them for another chance to make things right, but Justin told her they couldn't go back to the way things were. He told her he wanted her to be happy, but the two of them had no future together. Brittany was crying. She said, I'm crying over here. She reminded him that he was her first kiss or first love. She said she loved him, and just didn't know what to do with him, without him in her life, without him in her. Even though Justin firmly told us from a love that the relationship was over, Brittany refused to listen. She's kind of like getting like Teresa on passions. He don't take no for an answer. Brittany told Justin, she needed to use the bathroom and disappeared for several minutes, revealed the insider. Justin was about to go see if she was alright. She appeared where he wanted Justin shirts that she found in the bathroom. Justin was shocked and asked what she was doing. She wanted to smell him, and then wearing a shirt reminded her of the times they would make love. She walked over to Justin and sat down beside him as if she were hoping to kiss him, but Justin just didn't let that happen. He put his arm around her, looked there straight in the eye and said, Brittany were not getting back together. Brittany then got up from the couch and told Justin she had to go. The tears were back and she sobbed like Teresa as she ran from the house. Despite Brittany's emotional reaction, Justin's mind was made up. Justin's convinced Brittany's in his past not a future. He said he cried more than once after they broke up and it wasn't until he started saying, Alissa Milano that he got over Brittany in a hurry. Justin curled his heartbreak by expressic his feelings and lyrics in his first album, his first solo album, justified. He told an interview where heartbreak was eating me alive, writing songs helped me deal with things. Justin said he got better and better at the end of the record. I was like this person who had just let go and said, while I'm over it, I passed this, I'm in good place. The songwriting therapy worked so well that after while the singer stopped feeling sad and started feeling mad the source said in the song, Crimea River he sings, bridges were burned and I was your turn to cry. The damage is done so I guess I'll be leaving. And bye bye bye. Justin is told a lot of his friends at the songs about Brittany. It sums up how he felt. But while Justin's getting over to the love of Brittany, he's still smarting. She was recently spotted in London where he teased her at very slogans once said, if you dot com and other once said dump him. They seem to be clear messages to the other one to listen to Malano in Quarries calls for a a Quarries call to respond for Brittany. We're not here. Not like that. She said FU. And by the way, BYE BYE BYE! Quisling, little whim. Do you believe any of that stuff about them? No. No. I believe that about as much as I believe J. Lowe and Ben Affleck. That's how much I believe that. 1227 at 5.60 WQM. If you don't stop some audio-medinier, you'll feel better. We'll stop you from crying. Stop you from pining over Justin and or Brittany. Anyway, only a meditrainian formulas are advanced combinations of the best of oil that you'll find anywhere combined with good stuff. Vitamins, Minerals, Irbles, other nutrients. All scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs. Look for audio meds, three new formulas. They've got one now that can help you sleep. Wait management. If it's a pharmaceutical rate, I'll have more like I can tell you the best you'll find anywhere. Oliumet is an outstanding new product that you can pick up just about all over town. Just walk out the door and there it'll be. It's at public seconds and Walgreens all over. For more information, call Oliumet. No. For now, about their products. One, eight, six, six, six, six, six, thirty, three, and also order their products online. If you like it, Oliumet America.com, and don't forget as if you could. If you visit New Year's Publix and Binolinghamet. You can get you a coupon for a free, Larry Coco Bible Head doll, while supplies last. Don't forget to visit their San Francisco Binolinget Sports Center. We send them in the offensive plain homingames to pick up some free product information and some Oliumet samples. And for good health, start popping some Oliumet, pretty damn soon. Oliumet! You see, the radio though you're coming. You way in. Have my junior honey. Part of their living's outstage. For equal to honking. Would believe their heaven's out with their speech, abandonment. Christmas joy, their fairly-braining. Carols through their nose and singing. Jesus truly did us wrong. When he made the same response. We are the very things, you'll see. Holy, holy, holy and holy. For 4th taste. 1233 at 5. 60 at every QAM. Happy Tuesday to have the mayor, and we have Herkun basketball. Any interest in that? Here's a note from Fat Voices. Hiya Palli. He faxes me some copy here. And on the note it says hiya Palli. And then he says if you're not working Thursday, these spots need to be recorded around Thursday have a great day. If I'm not working on Thursday is there anybody in a building with things any of us are working on Thursday? I don't think. Is Miguel working on Thursday? Nope. Carlis is working, but that's because he's a punk. Because he just started and hopes to get actually paid again. One day beat. Huh? Said one day. Beast is going to be working. Oh, you go beat doing a show now. And again, see, I thought because this muff boy, she's just all over the place. He said, I'm not going to make a big difference because it's a short-short-short when he went with a football. And it dawned on me that there was no football number one and number two, I realized that it's a full four hours for the Beast. You think you can handle it? No. Yeah. 9 to 1. What do you think? Now you're laughing. I don't know whether that's a nervous laugh or what that means. I'll be nervous for him. Why is that? That four hours, man? I'm not going to be a spot. I am not going to be listed. There's no pressure from this end. Okay. This isn't like somebody other show with that. He's worked in or with or around. Where he's under enormous amount of pressure and somebody's going to call in the middle of the show. Get him off. He's unprofessional. That's not going to happen on Thursday. Because I'm not going to be paying any attention. And I'm not going to be eating a lot either because it's not a holiday up here which is very good. And you want to know why? Because we got the Patriots and the Lions. The Lions who lost the Bears on Sunday? On Thursday and Blatton, it lately, every Patriot game is just a gut turn. That game against the Vikings on Sunday. Geez. They scored three touchdowns of Patriots before you could get your ass warm and a seat. It looks like a blowout. And then all of a sudden like, well, the receivers can't catch the ball. They keep dropping their balls all over the place to defense toward the end of the half-lets of Vikings back in the game and just, you know, rolls over and plays dead. Seans we've seen before to make it very a little bit too exciting for my taste. I like a blowout. I like your team to win like 73 to nothing. Like that game that Jackson will be to Dolphins not too many years ago. Was this going out like 67 to 3? All right. Yeah, something like that. That's a kind of game you enjoy. So anyway, I'll be watching the Patriots game. You've known us to start. What time is that game on Thursday? And I'm asking, I'm asking, I'm asking Miguel who thinks that the Lions won a game? I don't know. I'll end was we're not carrying it. I mean, why would we want to carry a Patriot game on this station? And I would be bad. Let's go play the Dolphins. That last game of the season, that's going to be the one, baby. You can smell it. You can sniff it all away from here. It's going to be exciting. Based on what you know, we asked in our poll today and boy, I'll tell you the nuts are out there today. It must be everybody's got to wake up. Based on what you know, which country should the US be attacking now? 563 votes and I bet you have more than half of those are real votes. Saudi Arabia 160 30. Pakistan has moved up just shockingly from nowhere to 116 votes. Iraq 84 small potatoes Canada for calling W.A. more on the other day. Assistent to froggy Ajangkretchen 47 votes for Canada North Korea 21 in our ranis only got five. 560 5060 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line here's Miami. Hello. Oh thanks. Thanks for waiting for like an hour to tell me that God you suck excellent. Get those calls back on Neil. 567 056 the pound 560 on the AT&T and that was named one of our regular friends. Was it actually I think it was 12 30 by the way on that New England game or 12 30 games. See so I'm not going to be listening to the beast. That was one of our chronic regulars. I didn't recognize his voice, but no I don't think so. Why do you know Miguel? But because of the George Johnny Sunrise. Hey by the way, he said he's over. Yeah. Okay, like I said the colors are done. 567 last call for calls here on his Tuesday last chance. 567 056 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. They're out of material. There's no question about that. Here's deer field. Hello. And Neil. Yes sir. The lion's coach decided in overtime to give the ball to the team. That's something lost the game. I see. The guys in the new. Well see I hate to break the news to you. But since I do have the package, the NFL package, even up here. With all the other important games that were on an interesting games, one of the last games I'd even pay any attention to, who would be two turkeys like Detroit and Chicago plan. Well the story that was at the idiot who gives the other team the ball and overtime. The guy who wants to lose. What do you think about the pants right now? Neil, I know you want to talk hockey, but I think you know, they're only getting ties, but they're coming back at least in that way and down in science or to speak. Now we're playing a lot better and I thought they would. Somebody called about this yesterday, which may come as a shock to you, but I actually had a hockey call one of the, I guess, is what we can take like vitamins. Yeah, like a vitamin. And they're playing a lot better and I thought, but there's just too many youngsters in the organization. They should have kept a couple of the veterans and maybe they'd be like, you know, instead of just on the outside and the edges of a playoff spot, they might really be a legitimate contender, but this, you know, I give Keenan credit. He's got yoke and playing great and a kids are playing lap it and we thought the gold pending a sensational, but I don't know. And I'm going to tell you something, league is in big trouble. You know, the Bruins, the Bruins head and their Bruins are having a sensational season. They're first placed by a mile in their division. They had two games in the row where they had announced crowdshow about 10,000 people that fewer than 10,000 people in the fleet center. Well, I know you not into like the fantasy sports and stuff, but on a hockey it is pretty cool if you play that because you could trade your players and I know you're into it. Oh, hockey, but I'm just telling you, I tell you it's cool. Oh, yoke it is a freaking is one of the best point we hear. You know, you know, that reminds me of fantasy sports is like a step away from golf. But if I had that much time on my hands and I'm not, I'm not bored. It's underway. Pretty cool being, you know. What are other things? What do you think about that? Bones or cash? No, we used to. He did that guy in Miami? Yeah. Center? Yeah. Oh, he made some kind of bet with him a few weeks ago. Now, so it's something called the NCAA and this guy may have a problem playing the center for the games. I know you that really makes your heart. But he made a bet about one. He made some kind of deal on the radio like if they beat Florel, Cook and Dinner or something and somebody called and complained about it and now they're investigating it. Do you believe it? I don't pay for it to get the hell. The rap fish won't. Listen, he heard it's got the worst website in this, you may not kind of try to find anything in there. It's like working for a needle in your hands. Well, anyway, that's it could happen to a better team, you know. Okay. Okay. Because he seemed like a good guy, but thanks for the good news. I use. See, yeah. That's that cash to over for you. I wonder if he's still coming around sucking around for a job on our station. That was the rumor. Every every year, three or four years, this starts again. I guess with his contract comes up. Comes sucking around his house. He says, he's got a pretty little money around calling me and the, oh, it's used twice. Not once, but twice. I had calls from P.D. I guess he wants to be his agent or something now. Paul Castro always not going to be working on WCUAM. Okay. Mark that down. Right it in an indelible ink right on your desk. Yes, right now. Okay. I can assure you of that. Twenty-two one is five, sixty WCUAM when you shop for quality footwear. What name comes to mind immediately? If not sooner, Brandease you got it. At Brandease we'll find the biggest election events of women's shoes, the best service in town and the best prices anywhere. It's an unbeatable joy which is why they've been around so long. We're talking about not some off-brand shoes. We're talking top quality names like rock ports, SAS, Spirits, Timberland Naturalizer and lots more. Whether you mongous election, you're never going to hear, oh, sorry. We don't have that style in your size. They got it. You want to think of it. Brandease is open daily. Nine and every Sunday, 10 to five, you'll find them at 12.90. North federal highway in Pompano Beach. And like I said all the way around for service, election and price. Brandease is always unbeatable. For example, right now it's time to buy rock ports this week. Pro walkers are only 49.90 and save 20% on all the great men's women's rock port styles. Only this week at Brandease in Pompano Beach. Oh, I hate you. Oh, we're supposed to be 0.5c. Oh, you way, yeah. Stop, stop, stop, stop. Just something about it. When I inhale, it's like, wow, dude. We kind of sucks though. We're going to see props in your eye. It's a real bummer. If you just roll it tight, I'll put that through between my flame. Now I'm a glassy-eyed, Timberlake, and funny things go through my brain. As we would have been one minute ago. Bye, bye, bye. Oh, remember, take another trophy, ashes make light shows. The falling embers. Prop 46.656.WWCM. The man dog coming up at one. This is great. Somebody, thank you for practicing this to me. Somebody just passed from the Ottawa citizen. Klein adviser calls Bush idiot. A media adviser to the Alberta government is apologized for referring to George W. Bush's that idiot in an interim memo commenting on the coctave receiver of a senior federal aid who called the US president a moron. On the heels of an ill-conceived remark that almost cost a liberal official heard job Edmonton based media worse west was scrambling to apologize last week for using equally-produitive language about the US president. The memo sent by email to the Klein government's communications staff, referred in capital letters to that idiot George Bush in its assessment of last week's controversy. In a follow-up memo company vice president Jodine Chase apologized for what she called an editing here in the previous email. MediaWorks West provides the provincial government's public affairs bureau. It's communication branch ongoing summaries of news coverage through its media monitoring service called Scrum. The public affairs bureau falls under Premier Ralph Klein, and update issued a one-paying Friday read new. Cretchen refuses resignation of his communications director and says there's no evidence Francois Duquro used the board more on to describe that idiot George Bush. Ten minutes later the company issued a correction and two hours later were circulated in a apology on a Mrs. Chase's name. MediaWorks West and certainly regrets our editing here in today's one-PM Scrum. It was completely unintentional and the result reflects exactly the opposite sense of our staff, Ms. Chase wrote in her apology. George Bush holds a BS from Yale. We know what that stands for and an MBA from Harvard cannot be thoroughly characterized as uneducated or unintelligent. Ms. Chase would not comment on the exchange. How do you like that? So not only is he a moron up here in Canada, but he's also an idiot. Oh, they're on to him and have been for a long time just like Western Europe. They're all on to him. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. That lady that was going to be on next just hung up. How do you like that? They do that all the time. No patience. Bitch. Here's my any hello. Hello? Yes sir. Neil. Yeah. That's that's a little bad. The robber calls to catch no a back and call them die. He can't think about the dinner. The cops catch them or bite them over for dinner. But do the shows at NCAA has up and better to. All right. What about your childish crap? We are. They're about to die cats over there. In addition to which who wants to have dinner with Kestern over anyway. Okay, have a great day. I'll probably be reaching across the table eating all your crap, you know. 560560 didn't he tell you that when you saw it the sawgrass you have the night? What? Exactly. Exactly. He's a storyteller, you know. But that. That's Kestern over. And he's looking for a job of QA and by the way, frankly, he's got people out there calling me. God only knows how many other people. PD Linney's gone to, you know, make calls on his behalf. Probably cheap channels want to make some combat cutbacks, more cutbacks. Gotta keep cutting back, cutting back at that bottom line up there. Good luck to you Paul. You'll need it. Here's Pinecres, hello. Yeah. Good afternoon, Nankuril. Yes sir. Yeah. I'm trying to find a um, I didn't hear anything about this one this morning. David, it's far on the junkie-n-all. If the agent, yeah. You're basically going to get it. You didn't hear anything about it this morning. We talked about it. I'm sorry. All right, that's it. Well, what would you want to say about it? I mean, I don't want to hear your tape because you know, you're the man. My tape is it to disgrace. That's my tape. It's an absolute disgrace. Okay. That's my tape too. Okay. Take two in college in the morning. I mean, what other tape is there to have unless you're one of these people are always covering up for for people in law enforcement. Can we ever convict any cops? No, rarely, very rarely. And you know, to write off the bat, the FHP jump to the conclusion in the beginning of that case, write off the bat that almost have been to brothers who'd rather than a wrong way. Couldn't be one of our people, even though he was a little a little on the titsy side, alleged. At any rate, that's just the way it goes. New West of A. If there's justice for this one and justice for that one, like Al Pacino said, they all should go straight to F and jail. There's nobody said something like that. Prop 505 of a QM that ladies back in Miami, hello. Neil? Yes, man. Hi, Neil. How are you doing? Okay. Okay. I'm sorry, a little nervous. First of all, I've called you. I discovered you about three years ago. And you must be some sort of God because if you can put up with these supposedly grown men that call you continuously all the wrong with your idiotic noises and comments. Yeah. That's not bad. That's not bad. But I'm, I mean, that's what we have to choose from down here as women. So it's pretty bad. But um, oh, I also just wanted to tell you that I think you're wrong as far as your female audience because it's far inside of there's a lot more than 10 people. Maybe 13. No, no, there's more than that. But that's all I had to say. I've got to go through. And I just don't know how, I mean, I can hardly stand listening to them. They make, you know, it's just a waste of time. And like I said, they stay on hold for 20 minutes or two. But the good news is yesterday was payday and the check is in the back. Have a great day, sweetheart. Thank you. Bye. See you. The NCAA is cleared. My name is Senator Brett Romberg of any wrong doing stemming from a Betty made with Paul Castro Nova of Zeta earlier this season. And Yati Adi, this goes down like this is a real story. Okay. Thanks whoever facts this. But who gives a crap. I like the guy said before, the NCAA, if that's the best they got to worry about. And screw on one.