This is South Florida's only real sources. Don't you keep away yet, Miami Fort Lauderdale, of Peas and Poles real show. And don't you chew AMs on car. Go, go, go. I was attacked by the Pokemon. He wasn't named my friend, Punjab. Oh no, I don't feel safe in India. I thought there'd be a new yoke in Tri-Ve-Dab. Thank you, my friend. Thank you, my friend. Oh, I'm a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky We don't do anything, we're told they come, we don't know how the brush I seen come, I hear, we don't even wear clothes! We love so much, you're crazy, when our by went fishing snow, I'm a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're a mucky, you're! We're done well, man, who'd we be, they'd we just love to drop, fall! Oh, we all don't know from friends, we'll meet your last birthday, we won't be back! And we'll lay down, scranchart, but Santa, watch you, I'll turn gratitude! I will walk you around because she's a monkey, she's a monkey, we're all monkeys though They would and one double a dog at Canada horse or cow Worse malle and we like it and we've heard the things you said Don't come back to me, if I saw a wheel this on your head Oh, I'm not here, you're a monkey, you're a monkey now And you're a monkey, you're a monkey now They were a monkey now, play it for you to play Please, please, let's walk you down Now it's my time, let's see this one Oh, wow, wow And it's over here for the monkey, why don't you ask for four hours of the day? Why the hell not, right? I don't know, three at five, 60 WKOM happy Monday to it I'll tell you these weekends just go zipping by Like there's no tomorrow The only problem is the risk of tomorrow And keep some, why do I got the marine doubt article? Thank you, thanks anyway For wasting my three pages of facts paper, thanks very much What do you facts it over here, man? What is this guy? Is that an obvious thing I've already got? Oh, I didn't have this one The Jackwells Warpline didn't have that, excellent Anyway, we had a lot of votes on our pool over the weekend And by the way, how about the dolphin? Oh, I know the paper is lost too, which you know, misery loves company But nevertheless, they played an undefeated team Didn't I tell you last week that Kansas City was going to kick Miami's ass And I tell you that, yes, I did I absolutely did Team that just tiles up points like they're coming out of their fingers 48 big ones, baby 48 points Well, I'm a bit hit, but yeah, every year it's a same old story Fort talking super bull Because the people there know nothing about sports And didn't I tell you that the jets are a little girls team Did I tell you that? Yeah, I told you that Losing it like a marginal barely existing team anymore Although, isn't that the same tag? Well, it's not the same team, but the same franchise that beat the dolphins Like 67 or something like that And the playoffs? Yeah, yeah, something like that 62 to 3 out of 1 And when we're embellish it Anyway, I don't want to rub it in A lot of nasty attitudes down there I'm sure because the dolphins lost a football game You know, the paper it's lost yesterday my life goes on I mean, you know, I like the team and all that stuff But it's a football game It's a ball game for Christ's sake, okay? Don't get all carried away A big day today, the pizza locked open today A plantation right there behind Walgreens I'm not feeling the sunrise Right behind Marcie's Walgreens Do you know Marcie took the place over? No, it did not. She owns it place now All right, see if I keep saying it may be it'll come true Because I love Marcie and she loves me What is that? I'm not just Christian, I'm on four I have, we're told Why do she's hanging out with a pope again these days? Bitch, idiotic bitch, silly person That's CNN for you, baby At least one thing about them, we all don't take them seriously ever I was just saying about the poll If you could program your, and how come we didn't put that bitch on there? That would have been a good choice And George Will should have been on the poll And Bob, no back and many other people But you know, you make the list too long and people just can't handle it If you could program your TV set to block out one person Who would that be? We had 1357 votes, holy crap George W. W. When's pretty, pretty easily? Sure, in fact, I think he won this by more votes And he really won the election by And they stole the election by W had 303, Trebden 3 votes Jesse Jackson did a very respectable second To a 19 Carrot top 139, Al Sharpton 107, so it was a big Schwarzfest there Between Jesse Jackson and Al Sharpton, they had well over 300 votes And speaking of Schwarzfest, it just continues Oprah Winfrey 89 Maybe we could just, like, just block most dark folks off the TV Until they start putting some nice ones on there People we like, like Malcolm Seriously, think of all the objectionable dark people Look, turn up on the TV set Except for George Jefferson, I don't ever see that anymore Do you? No Love the Jefferson I don't want to get time, Jacob Said he thought it was a racist show Dr. Phil is right on Oprah's ass As a matter of fact, he's about 89, he had 84 literally Al Al and Colbert 82, Steve the delcomputer dude 71 He did extremely well Martha Stewart 53 Andy Runeh had a cute piece on her last night, you see it? No, since he's a liar, she is Well, first he said she wasn't a liar, but then he proved that he was about Make an ice cream with eggs, which he told her was custard And she promised she'd never do that again And then she went on the CBS Morning Show made ice cream with eggs Martha Stewart 53, Brian Norcross, who was off to a slow start, had 48 And if I Brian, you can do a baby, you can change the channel's faster than anybody's remote Bill or Rally 45, which I actually got a thing by Bill or Rally Day from the globe, can you believe that? About OG we've done it, he done it, he done it Larry King 25, way on down the list, Billy Mays, the orange glow in commercial Guy almost beat out Larry 24 You know what, the Larry didn't do so well? Was that? Cause they never see him on her, because nobody watches that Under the age of 100 Jim Rallam 17 for old Rommie, Emerla Gassie had 16, Condoleezza right said 15 Please, Condoleezza, just go away, don't go away, Mad just go away, Condoleezza I mean, seriously, what dark complex is folks do we like to see on TV? Can you name me one? Certainly not Bill Cosby, Vanessa L. Williams Oh, Barbara Walters 14, Shepherd Smith six and I guess a sympathy vote for Richard Quest at the end, Mr. Buck tooth, because nobody else who that is, Richard Quest at Brit that silly ass Brit on CNN, that used to be somewhere else. He got one vote Out of 13 every in the 60, nice going, here's a, we got a great pool again today Because Neil knows his pool baby, before we get to the pool, let me remind you Come by cast away seafood company in the corner, University in Griffin Road tonight Six to eight PM, how did the thing go at Bill's idols? There are a lot of people there, none of them with her to see us, huh? There were a lot of people there, but none of them were there to see us. Nobody showed up, the sandwiches had a great turnout Nobody showed up, no, there are people there for the, for the sandwiches No, nobody showed up to see you. What, what, what is it? There's any of our listeners show up, no. I'll write a clean sweep, I like hearing that, but that's always the, when you go down to the Boulevard of Savings that's what you get. I don't understand why do they keep having you back? What is that all about? To keep their name mentioned on the airline. Oh, because they get a lot of free mentions because that's part of it. And how about that red reference or a spot? Could that be the worst one of all time that we just had there at the At a Mosho? That was a scandalous, is that how bad that was. And speaking, let's see, George will be there in Miguel and Carlos and Chuck and the Eddie and with a QM prize van, great food and very special, six to eight tonight, which I think is scandalous considering The fact that's opening that for pizza law. That's okay. I'm sure Adam did that on purpose. Yeah, probably nice going Adam, you idiot. Probably there'd be some cult numbers there too tonight, if you want to get like, you know, indoctrinated. Here's today's poll. Which of these do you think now you're about two, four, six, seven choices? Which of these do you think best defines who you are? You think that is pretty self explanatory? Okay. Well, you sound kind of like quizzical there. One, run on real curious. Which of these do you think best defines who you are? Your race, your gender, your religion, your nationality, your political beliefs, your sexual orientation, or your physical appearance? I think I got to cover, man. Wow. I think that's one heavy duty pool. I think that's just, I mean, you know, in that last one physical appearance. I mean, some people you say, hey, how's Beth going to think? Oh, that fat swan really short. That fat swan? Or yeah, with that little little little shrimp like Todd Dreck that I like that. Oh, I'd buy the way. How come we had no visit this morning for me to, uh, muff or our clearance? Duff came in like right at nine o'clock. And yeah, too late. Yeah. Too late to have like any kind. Any verbal intercourse about the problems that continue to linger. First I smell my finger and then I realize it did linger. You know what I'm saying? It's not linger in the linger. That's that odor that aroma, that stench. It's QAM. And continues to linger is Todd Dreck continued. I don't know. I think maybe today's that we stare across enough his spots. Because there doesn't seem to be any other way to get through to that child. And screw in. She's sitting back there with her gigantic foreheaded dildo. Roy. And whatever else she's doing back there. And she or she can't be bothered. I mean, does this or? Seriously, stop and think about it. We got a general program director and an operations manager now and they still can't get anything done. We come in this morning. Was the audio on this morning? No. Same old stuff Monday morning. The post-off and blues. And of course, after they lose that game after they get their asses while at yesterday. You just know that there wasn't going to be no audio feed up here. Which is kind of strange because the Marlon game, what time did the Marlon game start yesterday? Was it like four? They. No, I think. Because they sure is helping me plan at the same time at home as a dolphin game. It was the last game of the season, by the way. Oh, thank the Lord for the Marlon. But, uh, send that was feeding up here. I didn't check it later on, but that was feeding just fine. I heard that Dave and Boring guy on there. And then I come in this morning. I, while Waltz in here, six, fifteen kind of blue-reye. Now look at that thing. It is nothing. Nothing. No level bouncing on my tell us. According to the schedule, the Marlon's was on that. Seven, nine. Oh, some of the words they were feeding me the stuff that they were feeding to Waxy. But I wasn't getting the QAM feed even last night. So it was this a dolphin thing again. So, what goes? And of course, can I hear the dolphin game here? No. Do I want to hear the dolphin game here? No. No, I got the NFL package here. Why do I want to listen to Moana radio? Anyway, here's that pull again for today. Let's not get sidetracked. Okay, this is a very, very important pull. Don't you think? I don't know how I'm going to vote on it either. Well, there you go. That's a good sign. Think about this, right? I don't, I'm not thinking about it for more than a half a second. I got my answer already, but I won't tell you till after we vote. Which of these do you think best defines who you are? Your race, your gender, your religion, your nationality, your political beliefs, your sexual orientation, or your physical appearance? That's today's pool on meorajr.com. Heavy, heavy duty. Come at us after 9 at 5.60. WDQAM. Let me tell you one of the easiest things you'll ever do in your life. And that is to get you a great name brand mattress. If you're smart, if you're dumb, you'll do it the old fashioned way and run them out all over town, like an idiot. But if you're smart, you'll do what I've been doing for the last seven years. You'll pick up your instrument and call our good buddies at Dilemma. For sit 1-800 mattress, you should know by now that they give you so much more than just great service. They give you unbeatable selection. All the top names in the universe. They got silly and served as Simmons King Quarrel. Nobody else in the world has got the selection they got because they have such a deep selection. The exact mattress that you want to put your ass on is in stock ready for nearly immediate delivery. Just that one easy call. You'll talk to people or we know they're crap inside and out. And they'll hook you up with exactly the mattress you'll be looking for. 1-800 mattress, MATTRES, and of course you pick the time for delivery. Any day seven days a week, any tour, one of those continued for you when you're going to be home and. And they give you a price that are unbeatable. Every day low prices we're talking about. Not some phony baloney sale with it and sticky with a bait and swish. And they also give you that 30 day in home comfort guarantee to. Let you try it to your great new mattress the right way by sleeping on it and do it all sorts of obscene things on it. It'll probably piss off Dr. Kennedy. So pick up that phony collar right now. You'll be sleeping like a little baby tonight. Call 1-800 mattress, MATTRES, or check them out on that wicked worldwide web at mattress.com. My little local, this is five-sixth of the... The rain is on your top. You ain't... The Rogers God. Oh, that has really pleased go away. Find a new way to attack a big boho-ho. Eat your hohoes. Till you explode. Just like your fat fat shirt in lady. It's a few bite-to-seans on a plane. It's feeling the finger that of yellow sting from two to one. And the your toes. After piggy poo-node. How to be fat disgusting and tasty. Oh, boy! You make the show with me smile. Hey, like the cows, that is fancy. Things may only pass so repulsive and mild. Your body cheeks most like a cram-burp. After it was occupied by head, As their knee does she want to get into your car. Does she do that in one? It's on your squeal, on your squeal, on your squeal. It's on your squeal fat fat. You're given with your numberless knees. It's plumbering and starting to dream between her feet. That's the thing you used. Most fishy to me. That's the buttoon and that's for his dead, A-s-d. You know, that's a great full-fucking for another day. Which you think smells worth screw-in or Rosie's crotch? Wow. Sorry to interrupt you with that this early on a Monday morning, but something certainly to think about. 918-560-WQM. I'm kind of giddy this morning, you know what? Was that? I have no idea. We really don't know. I'm just kind of giddy. It's beautiful. It's going to be 80 degrees today here in T-O. Oh! It's a giddy. Merthful. Gay. And gay. So, well, one's the air going to get with it already on that thing. You know, he's a little bit slow. He's kind of a slow starter. Always has been. Go slow on your rack. Come on, slow on your direction. The other direction for him is down. He can't get any audio. We just facts him the pole. He sure has problems up there. You know, we all. He sure. No, I don't have a hint. I can send it to the lower-wears. Since the day that I've been here, which was back on March 1, I've never had one second of downtime. No, you're my area. I'll think of it. Maybe it's a whole floor to think. It's it's Florida again. It's here. Florida probably worked the house. Have it had one moment of downtime. Have it had one second of busy time. You know, when the thing is like too busy because everybody else is on it. Not one second. But that's a way, boys and girls. Another good reason not to be in Florida, I guess. Mark Dayton, who's a Minnesota senator, writes and this was in Saturday's Washington Post, Go slow on your rack. And wait to hear the next one. I've already told you, but don't don't to spill a beans. The next part of Columbia, read is by. People wouldn't even believe it. Anyway, this one first. He says one difference of administration makes. Congressional leaders who are hurring votes on a rack had very different views. When a president was a Democrat named Bill Clinton, they made more sense back then. After Saddam Hussein, Bostywin inspectors in January of 1998, then sent a majority leader Trent Lotz at on February 12th. I hope that we could get to the point where we could pass a resolution this week on a rack, but we really developed some physical problems if nothing else. So we've decided that the most important thing is not to move so quickly, but to make sure that we've had all the right questions asked and answered, and that we have available to us to latest information about what is happening with our allies in the world. The Senate is known for its deliberate actions, and the long-rised day in the Senate, Lotz said, but more I have learned to appreciate it. It does help us to give us time to think about the potential problems, and the risk and the ramifications and two frankly, press the administration. This was said by Trent Lotz on February 12th, 1998. The Republican controlled Senate took five more months to pass a resolution that year, and it did not authorize President Clinton to use military force. After Saddam invaded to weight 1990, the Senate also deliberated five months before authorizing what became the Persian Gulf war. Yet now Congress is being rushed to pre-approved whatever President Bush decides to do, which includes something and no President has done before or started a war. According to researchers at the Library of Congress, the United States has never in its 213 year history lost a print of attack against another country, never. During the past 50 years, our leaders of Confederate dangerous dictators who possessed weapons of mass destruction, yet they protected our country in plan to buy preventing war not by starting one. Some members of Congress in administration are now demanding that we rush to vote so that we can rush to war, such haste is unnecessary reckless and foolish. For some of my colleagues, it seems a quick and easy decision to wave the flag denouncing evil dictator, and launch our military might, but war seldom is quick or easy. We know that the US would defeat Iraq and depost Saddam Hussein, but we don't know the cost and bloodshed, destruction and subsequent occupation, and we know no consequences of violating our national principle of not starting wars. That principle, which is earned us enormous respect throughout the world, is the cornerstone of international stability. As the world's super power, we set the standards for international conduct, we lead by our deeds when we lead the world by our diplomacy and peaceful resolution of conflicts, we make it more secure. But what if we attack another country because of my threaten our national security, how could we disway others from doing the same? If nations that have nuclear weapons are that are developing in pure preemptive strike, what might their responses be, would the world be more or less secure? The profound consequences of these decisions are compelling reasons to make them as carefully as possible, I believe that the President is right about the need to desirm Saddam Hussein before he obtains nuclear weapons and they build a use against us, but that threat does not appear to exist today or within the next few months. For now the President's withholding his decision about U.S. military action, Congress should do the same, but instead it's vote quick, pass the buck head for home and wish him luck. Or I like that, vote quick, pass the buck head for home and wish him luck, good luck. This rush to vote has been driven more by political expediency, with a done by military necessity, gaining political advantage in a midterm election as a shameful reason to her decision to dismarkt the tune, if the President needs Congress to support his resolve, never let Saddam Hussein threaten our nation, weapons with weapons of mass destruction, we can pass that to resolution tomorrow. If the UN fails to exact the rights compliance with its previous restrictions, this Congress or its successor can convene at any time to authorize the appropriate U.S. military response. This is what the Constitution intends but authorizes Congress and only Congress to declare war. This would be an especially good time for Congress to do it right, says Democratic Senator Mark Dayton of Minnesota. Pretty well said, Mark. I see our new poll is not there yet, that's because Mark, what's his name? Mark, Eric, Eric, Mark. Has got his thing together yet. So he's got problems with this thing, huh? Yeah. Well, sometimes when he weighs 600 pounds, yeah, problem with your thing, because all that fat, you know, squeezes down there, you're like abdomen. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, I know we had a kid in a high school. It puts tremendous pressure on your private's man, and he's sure about the size of like a mung bean. Ever see a mung bean? No. Well, that's what they look like when you're that fat. Believe me. I've been that fat. I've been humongous. The kid in high school had nothing. Yeah. All look at that. The thing is changing on there, which means we're going to start getting that pull on there any minute now. Oh, I think it's one of our most shocking. Okay, here I have time for this. Pooop, I'm going to say he's reading columns by Pat Buchanan. That is correct. That is correct. That is absolutely correct. And it's a damn good one. See, this isn't written by some yellow belly liberal bleeding. So are you? How many pinko bleeding hearts come back? This is written by Pat Buchanan, no less. America's new sucker upon strategy. And he says, inherit in the natural law, in the natural law, right of self-defense is the right to strike first if one's life in his in peril. If a criminal demands your money at gunpoint, you have no more obligation to inquire if he also attempts to kill you before shooting him. People have an innate sense of this right. Americans thus rally to the size that side of Bernie gets the subway vigilante, who threatened by thugs with screw robbers demanding five dollars, dropped all four and at subway car in the style of wide-up. Nor as the nation obliged to wait and write out a first strike by hostile regime, which could bring death to thousands of citizens, they protect who's lives as the first business of government. When Kruschev slipped nuclear missiles into Cuba, JFK was prepared to destroy them killing Russians in Cubans, rather than let them become operational and rightly so. What then is wrong with the White House strategy paper that asserts a right to launch preemptive wars against rogue regimes to keep them from acquiring weapons of mass destruction? First is news strategy relegates to the Ash heap of history, a policy of deterrence that kept a secure for 50 years of Cold War. Regimes as evil as stallons and Mao as nobody could not attack them if they did not attack us. While this did not save the Soviet or Chinese peoples from their prosecutors that kept America secure, was that not the first business of a conservative government? America has never been a sucker-punch nation, even when President's bleed war was inevitable, they ensured that the enemy struck the first blow. Polk waited until a Mexican army had shed American blood on American soil before asking for a declaration of war. Before calling a volunteers to invade the south, Lincoln provoked a Confederacy in the firing on Fort Sumter by sending the star of the west into Charleston Harbor to provision the fort. FDR provoked Tokyo by imposing an oil embargo and sending the flying tigers to China to maneuver the Japanese and defouring the first shot in the words of Secretary of War Stimson. Prentice strikes have been the way of war for nations like Japan, which launched a surprise attack on the Russian squadron in Port Arthur 1904 that anticipated Pearl Harbor, 37 years later, or the Kaiser whose field marshals believe that if war impended, they must strike first through neutral Belgium to flank in crushed France before the Russian steamer could mobilize in flatten East pressure. Hitler preempted Churchill's plan struck in a neutral Norway and invaded the Soviet Union to preempt an attack he knew must one day come, as Stalin had himself attacked Finland with Wenea Latvia Stoney and Romania, he stabbed Pola in the back in 1939, few went for the Bolsheviks. Preemptive wars had in disaster for Hitler and Tokyo, but one nation-fruity did work well was Israel. Paced with NASA's threat to Blackwell from passing through the Gulf of Aqaba, Israel struck down June 5, 1967, destroying the Egyptian Jordanian Syrian Air Force's Anakipan Gaza Sinai, the West Bank and Goal and in six days. But in 1973, Sadat Army retaliated with a young keeper's surprise attack that recaptured Western Sinai and reflected thousands of casualties on Israel, only in XIX's airlift and General Suroans in Tripoli saved Israel. But why would a near-inventible nation-like ours embrace a sucker-punch strategy, through history of few nations perhaps Mexico in 1846, wanted war with America? In 1812 the Brits had their hands full with Napoleon, the South didn't want to fight Lincoln's Union only to leave it, Spain was desperate to avoid war with American 1898, neither the Cajun or Hitler wished to fight the US, both sought to avoid any clashes at sea, Japan laid last out in desperation, Sadat and thought he had a green light to invade Kuwait. While al-Qaeda terrorists who have nothing to lose will attack in Kaila Americans at will and must be run down and eradicated, a nation that attacked in America courts its own annihilation, why would any nation do it? To justify a preemptive war, two conditions should be first met. The threat should be imminent and grave and other avenues should have been exhausted, having these conditions rather have these conditions been wet with Iraq to be honest, no. Not only is Sadatm neither threatened us or attacked us though we smashed his country, decimated his army and tried to kill him, there's no evidence even plans in attack. By broadcasting to the world as new imperial doctrine, I.e. we will allow no nation to acquire the power we possess and we reserve the right to strike hostile nations that build a kind of weapons we possess, President Bush's drawn a line in the sand for every anti-American regime on earth and dared them to cross it. Either he is bluffing or were headed for endless confrontations and constant wars. Brits pap you canning. Wow. How do you like that? Would even a right wing not case like him starts making a lot of sense. I. 27 at 5.60 WQAM with your busy lifestyle you eat all the energy canned if you'll healthy and only might can help you do that. It's an exciting new product that contains pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with other good stuff along with vitamins, renewables and urbals and little easy to take. Soft-shell capsule that you just pop in your post. There's a separate old you'll met product for each different party or aspect of your thing and your health. There's one for your heart, one for your blood pressure, one for your cholesterol, your prostate, your skin, your bones, your circulatory, your digestive, your endocrine system, even your mind, all using the benefits. Of the finest, the purest, the best is olive oil on the face of the globe and all your meat-based products for men and ladies as well. You can pick it up today, all over town at Whole Food Market, Walgreens, Sedanos, and Avaro Pharmacy. You can call them toll free to get more information as well at 1-866-Oliomet. That's 1-866-Oliomet. No forget, you can order Oliomet online if you like to at OliometAmerica.com. You're a fan of it! And I hope you'll tell somewhere in the hell in the day, oh, it's El Michael's! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! You're a fan of it! I remember when I first recorded what I am. I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you! I love you!