Now the Neil Roger show on 560 WQA and if there's a butt-eye smell of Jesus Christ I don't know what it is about and that whiny little boy says or they're big nose his eyes goofy hearts tiny little mechels I don't know they just they just rub me the wrong way I can't stand the distance and every speech I love regips it's in the nose Hillary hates you spew we hatred through balls busting people's butts of all since in the nose Hillary hates you You won't catch her light in a mandora No God keep must have a wonderful aura One cheese pizza one The crunchy good use of the rap I hit send the news Hillary hates you if there's a butt-eye smell it 90560 WQA M happy at Wednesday to you You can always tell what the temperature is now other studio These psychosis level they still whether either my first name gets mentioned Both names get mentioned or no one name at all So there's a very high a discomfort level on the other studio. That's just the way goes I guess I mean it's only one thing one word I can think of to describe that stupid, but that's just the way code Why is this so loud in here this overhead and everything must be you know it is not me I got a cranked well maybe by coming from the control room maybe they got it goose-tucked I got a ghostway up in there. Yeah, maybe some what are you dicking with an hour one? Or they know I That it must be they're dicking with it the other room now. Okay by the way the new Roger shows coming up next year on 560 WQA M the highly way to the around your show Yesterday speaking of this program we asked a very important pool and boy this audience just had a field day there feeling it When Neil was on vacation how did you like the George and Joe show we asked yesterday? I'm sorry the Joe and George show Well, I mean it went back and forth you know the game players out there to people who live for our surveys every day they decided to uh, you know Stick it everywhere they could here's the way it came out 1300 he folks And I bet you at least 40 of more like real Oh wait a minute here it's a re-refercing and it is mild 1306 Joe was good George sucked 270 I listen a lot of was fine to 165 I didn't listen to it at all 237 I listen very little I hated it 231 others two categories 35.7 percent about 36 percent That just can't handle it that need to sound of my voice George was good Joe sucked 165 12.6 percent And I listen every day it was great 138 10.5 percent a tremendous response A phenomenal response from the psychotic audience out there this is kind of stuff like a synch their teeth into uh, they love it I noticed uh there was a phenomenal upset last night I'm not talking about a stupid soccer game I'm talking about the Stanley Cup playoffs game one Those Carolina Hurricanes most of us sold them short and I should have known better after watching him beat the leaps two to one three times in overtime and at series There's just something about them that little archers are made that son of a bitch and then the course old Ronnie Francis who scores the winning goal on overtime Once they got Detroit in overtime last night. I'm saying to myself you know something the red rings are in big trouble They're in deep crap big crash and there goes Ronnie Francis early in overtime. Which seems to be their pattern. They don't like to stick around too long Sticks it right in behind hashick and Carolina beats Detroit three to it overtime Then here anything about that except on the updates this morning nothing about that all I heard was World Cup World Cup Org you see like I said yesterday Nobody cares about soccer in this country they care about in the rest of the world is very very big But nobody cares about that here. It's like it's like the brits with that whole thing with a monarchy With a queen and there were a million people in the streets waving their little British flags and living in the past You know what when the distant past Trying to re-regail themselves with the memories of the great British empire When it could actually even beat up on lost malviness or whatever it hello was the fucking islands just falcom But then out they can even like beat themselves there so infinite But today they're running around with little flags because everybody wants to feel good about themselves It's all this jingle waste a course crap But the rest of the world doesn't care about that while the Canadians care about a little bit I noticed it was on their news a lot Because they still have the queen on their currency I think we added like take George Washington off the $1 bill and put my picture on her I mean my can't we have a queen on our currency too sounds good to me $1 bill should be the $2 bill. How about the $3 bill? I think that would be good So here's our poll question for today Which of these are you most interested in now these aren't all necessarily? They don't but it's not just a sports thing because this is not a sports show is it? Oh good Thank God and you sports nerds out there man you people just you slay me you just kill me Which of these are you most interested in hockey the British monarchy soccer? Women's basketball baseball cock fights or don't care about any of them Didn't that cover a lot of territory? What I do a poll baby? I give you a wide spectrum I give you a big choice make no mistake about it So you can like you know kind of survey the situation check out the landscape if there's a butt ass smell it and then you know go right ahead and proceed to do whatever you want What should these are you most interested in? I'm so glad I came back for these few days man. I'm having a great time here and everybody Also ought to be having a great time too, but we got some uptight old farts around us doing it Just refuse to loosen up even just a little bit you know that's very sad to me It's very sad just a radio show or just having a good time or here to entertain we're not gonna change the world We're not gonna change mankind we're not gonna change human nature Even subhuman nature we're just doing a radio show having a good time And boy the kind of psychosis that I'm talk about smelling it You can smell it in the hallways here. It's unbelievable and everybody's waddle around up and on how Pappa pappa pappa you this is like a What do they call the old women When it get to getting the oh the hands the like a hand party yeah It's unbelievable Speaking of hands, you know, I was watching one of the old Hollywood square things on a game show channel a couple weeks ago And that was back in the what in the 70s I would say? Yeah, definitely not later than the 70s and Paul in they had the the question was what do you call a castrated chicken or castrated rooster He says oh is that the one that just goes a doodle do? And I thought to myself you know for the 70s. I'm shocked that they let that on the air really and Of course, we're going backwards. They bleep all in the family now Really replayed because that's John ascractes in there out too. Yeah So if you guys like to pay by doesn't have like shoes and socks on also they like bleep though They're your feet out because somebody might be in it have a foot fetish Oh, so not just do they cover up that statue with those teeth on there, but they oh and what was the great thing I saw was on Serine that live this past weekend where they showed the where they did a bit on ascract I missed it and he was making a big speech about you know cleaning things up and they took away the statue from behind him with a breast and then Instead of this replaced by a David with a penis hanging out. It was a lovely thing Anyway, let me give that thing again just in case Eric wants to hop right on it Let's get that other thing off of there already because they're still voting on there 13 every 12 votes a spectacitor response. Maybe we can do the same thing again today And don't give me a song in advance about oh soccer is great in the USB portugal nobody cares all right I hate to break the news to you a lot of you banana boat people you care because like in Brazil and Venezuela and Colombia I mean Columbus got to have something beside just cocaine in the murder you know But when once you get north of and I want about Mexico are they begin to soccer? I I think they are okay Once you get north of Mexico, which unfortunately is Texas, but once you get past there Nobody really cares about it. I hate to break the news to you just and of course the hockey thing I do understand it's not a U.S. thing. It's uh, but I do mention it because I love it and I live in Canada anyway Which of these are the most are you most interested in hockey the British monarchy soccer women's basketball baseball Cockpights we had to put one for the Julios on their cockpights and or don't care about any of them Very excellent the choice of categories for there today outstanding poll if you ask me George didn't see the thing on the news last night about the guy in Texas and the pickup truck the video But the high speed cop chase Sure, if something had a chance to see that because a lot of people in joy see and I kind of crap in the guy didn't really get killed Or at least not as of last night. He was in a pretty bad shape and you don't understand if you saw He finally drove right off the highway into a pillar And it wasn't the pillar of salt unfortunately was like a concrete pillar into that that thing that big pickup truck is folded up like an accordion And he's still alive I guess released as of last night, so a little bit of excitement therefore Because now that we got all these people running around with their video cameras in the course of the year The TV people over the cruise every 10-day of a high-sweet chase. We get to see the live footage of that It's almost as exciting as OJ not quite Didn't see the whiteboard Bronco, but maybe we can reenact that down here. There should be a good get an 80-share channel 7 can do it And get OJ to take the Ford Bronco and go across the MacArthur Crosby about 150 miles an hour I'd love to see I'd pay without stopping without stopping right and then make make a sudden quick right You've heard me talking about the big one in four short months You can have a big one too, believe it or not a big fat impressive worthwhile paycheck get out of that dead end job and start making some real cash The demand for certified computer professionals is through the roof. They need you pick up the phone and call our friends at fast train right now It 866 fast train Some are classes are forming right now if you call now you can be certified in your new career before summers end Fast train offers Microsoft certified instructors for convenient locations Including the Lughendel campus job placement assistance day in evening classes too and for those individuals who job as affected after 911 Fast train is an operation paycheck training provider call fast train toll free 1 866 fast train Call them right now or check them out on the web at fast train.com and like I said, I can have you certified already for a new money making career in as little as four months By the end of the summer you can start making some serious bucks Call fast train today tell me authority to call 866 Disappeting locations New person at this program really reproduces about the stress rate information. No, no, no 2 a.m. busy broadcast group incorporated will table and rate me Hello Neil. He is Greg a new for give me for being so forward and allowing myself to call you, but I just had to ask you Can I please fire George? Look if you have no idea that kid put salt theater in Moe's wig the any slashed tires on my cattle The need permission from that fat age you I dream of Ricky Williams and a dress Reading with My last year Smith and scored a treat to fifth position wins for Break it you Talk about women like he does every day talk about women What are they? Well, they're not as exciting as sport whole things Reading positions for that home Or they can get a safe old brown holes can't get permission to make George go away The soy staff might be in Gucci shoes and they don't know That they refuse when we slip me suspect him 4 All right, 1960. It's quite a production wasn't even a queen being pressed with that and that's the shortened version This queen was impressed with it anyway. We got the my vote on there on the pool and that's it Poles already up there which these are you most interested in? It's already up there not getting the tremendous immediate response way at yesterday Well they have a chance to like hate Here's a very important story that no George is going to be excited about McDonald's settles beef over fries McDonald's corporation is agreed to donate $10 million to Hindu and other groups to settle lawsuits filed against the chain For mislabeling french fries and hash browns as vegetarian I got to be honest with you. We now aren't particularly fond of vegetarians on this show. We like our meat Right, they'll find for them, but they're militant about it. Let me see it again. We are fond of vegetarians in a first place And especially if you're a militant vegetarian if you're one of those pet-up people for example We actually a despise you like poison McDonald's also posted an apology on its website acknowledging that mistakes were made in communicating to customers about the ingredients in the fries and hash browns The vegetable are used to prepare the fries and hash browns was not pure but contained essence of beef for flavoring purposes What do you think is in essence of beef? I don't know beef No, that's your how stop and think about that essence of beef, you know I mean it might be some people having a little brunch right now. I would choose oh Goese them gently Essence of beef. Don't sound too good to me We sincerely apologize for any hardship that these miscommunications may have caused among Hindus Vegetarians and others the company said an apology posted June 1 on their website Seattle attorney How we shbarty said yesterday that a judge gave his tentative approval of the deal last month McDonald's folks women and her rosin it said the money the company will be paying out to go to Organizations at deal with issues late to concerns raised by customers consumers you people People dumb enough to eat a McDonald's McDonald's was first sued over the fries in Seattle last year by three vegetarians including two Hindus who don't eat meat for religious reasons Law suits were subsequently filed in Illinois, California, New Jersey and Texas The lawsuits were filed on behalf of any vegetarian away McDonald's fries after 1990 that was the year the company Nonstice restaurants would no longer use beef at to cook fries not only pure vegetable. I would be used But they lied Kind of like Dr. Dick that time you know when they said oh he said it was gonna be here at 245 He lied while McDonald's lied to a lot of lying going on these days That's basically what it's all about. I don't think that pull is really up on my it's on my screen But I got the feeling it's he still don't be right. He's did the little one it Quit dealing with an eric god damn it. Well, it's speaking of that thing about vegetarians There was so oh The thing with the Olympics in Seoul where they're gonna be serving up dog Now I must tell you and even as a dog lover that I am the more I think about that what difference does it make? A calf is a nice little animal too right you can pat a calf on a head huh? No She can I guess you could have it you ever you were never in the F a F future Whatever the thing or the face the farmers of America What I want yeah, you never went to like the county fairs done like a lot of cows and Interacted within the country. Yeah, but you know the county fair You can go and you can pat the little animals on ahead and the calf is acute little animal Can't have a cow for a pet and how about people here like the idea me? Yeah, what about that? That's my point That's my point and that is that as much as I love dogs to them. It's part of their culture They like dog they we like a one way they like them another way like kind of like me and well You know sometimes they have pet dogs they showed in one of the national geographics Yeah, he dog butcher and he had pet dogs Well, I wouldn't think of doing anything to that But maybe people like who work in the uh meat industry like the people in Omaha Maybe they have a pet calf at home on a farm a lot of those people are farmers why not? It's a possibility So I know what that's he just doesn't sound right but you have to start adapting to what the cultures you have to Sir understanding the way other people think because basically what the world is about today is the I was thinking this coming to work To this morning the civilized against the barbarians That's really what it's come down to even on a local level Well, we're the civilized here I've been here like five days now. I haven't seen any what is in this building? Oh and speaking of that by the way The driving here still sucks. You know Tom jik has said I was gonna lose touch with what was going on not being here Nothing has changed and it sucks even worse than it was before it just keeps getting worse and worse and worse and may are ping-a-pakini He's got a new scam. I see Got a new penny a sales tax or half penny sales tax whatever you can put over on a public to put on a ballot this fall to improve transportation The sun sent us got a herniatic effort there making to try to like make something on nothing What they don't understand is that this isn't like most other markets You can't take mass transportation and go somewhere and then walk We've been take shuttle buses what were you gonna go? You can go downtown downtown Miami nobody wants to go downtown Miami, but other net where are you gonna go? They're they're it's just not built like that this area isn't doesn't it doesn't exist So you can keep pipe dream and all you want but it's nice to see the mayor's got another good scam Cooked up and I see Robert Steinbeck is sucking up him in the paper this morning, which I won't waste my time reading that Focusing on visitors to us plan calls for registration photographs and fingerprints here we go get the boots the margin boots ready Oh and speaking of my cough which I'm coming along just fine getting the last of the dark green stuff out of there But in yesterday belly aching about the doctor there and Hollywood Thinking that they were gonna send me which they did send me that so supposed blood testing clinic The good news is that my friend Ed there facts me that the information about his place Are real nice little place and I'm made an appointment. I'm going there after work today to get my blood drawn and just to see what's going on my cholesterol things like that And come to find out it was verified to me that they placed that they sent me was a place for like deadbeats and criminals and scumbags and And I guess there's some people figure probably I feel fit right in haha yeah Being a scumbag that I am The justice department is discussing a controversial plan that would invoke a World War two law to require thousands of visitors to the US to be registered and fingerprinted sources said Let's finger print him The idea immigration lawyer says has been floating around for months as reports continue to show that the government has no reliable way of keeping track of thousands of visitors to Restudent and other non citizens who come to this country each year like George for example He just wandered in a rubber wrap one day and they haven't found him yet. Dolphins help me aimed at terrorists I didn't even know you know the coach you know Aim the terrorist those hostile to this country the new plan would apply to visitors from Cuba Oh, that's first on the list Cuba yeah Iran Iraq Libyan or Kareya Sudan and Syria countries already listed his terrorist states But also from Pakistan Saudi Arabia and Yemen according to MSNBC which first reported this plan Those visitors would have to fill out registration form and allow inspectors with immigration naturalization Service to take their fingerprints and photos if they plan to stay in a country for 30 days or more Under current rules only visitors from four countries Iraq Iran Libyan Sudan must go through that process the moment they arrive The moment they step step step foot on ashore as opposed to the people from Cuba who the moment they step foot on ashore get an old beat up Chevy and a driver's license and a bunch of scrap Pictures of alien Foreigner seeking to live in the US are photographing or printed must provide detailed background information to the government But the same is not required of most visitors US attorney general John asked crock beef lawmaker yesterday MSNBC says and sources said he could announce the plan as soon as tomorrow If the details have heard are true and alarms me said gene butterfield or heads the American immigration lawyers association It's another example of overreaching about the justice department she said a registration process does not Residentify those who are gonna do his harm are they the ones who are gonna come forward and register? I don't think so she said The justice department has decided on a final plan an immigration lawyer said they hope they can modify before it does become final the plan Reportedly will be offered versus a proposed rule open a public comment if all goes in a will fight In other words another dog and pony act Put on a good show putting on the rits to the public make it look like we're really doing a good thing and the best part of the deal is We knew who most of these guys were anyway and we still couldn't think of them to be final some of your mommy yet No, do we know whether he's alive? They said that oh Mullah volumar is alive and well and spends most of his time in Afghanistan But shuttles around like to the French Riviera where we hang it out these days. He's having a good time. How do you like that? We couldn't find any of these people with both hands, but hey keep waving at flag USA USA baby, we need Portugal soccer. That's where it's at on a pull us up Which of these are you most interested in 35 votes while I was in the opinion attention there all of a sudden just look to one side and bought a being They went nuts baseball nine hockey eight Hockey eight mole. I don't care about any of them eight soccer five the British Monarchy three Cockfights two and women's basketball the big I shouldn't say that I don't want to piss off on Rothstein We should be pushing oh yeah We should be pushing like crazy to mommy sold because you know we want to suck up to run Rothstein even though nobody got there cares about it 567. Oh five Why aren't you in a dark basketball? What's wrong with you man? No just dice Well, maybe some of those dice are very attractive although from the pictures I've seen I really don't think so haven't seen one. Uh, they don't look too good to me And I really doubt that I think we might take some calls again today momentarily one moment of how I feel like it We took some yesterday on Monday and was okay. I would say you know compared to what we usually expect Twenty six and I apologize to Ron Rossi and that we can't use this show to show for the mommy sol cause I just am not into Dykeball or Dyke saw that much to begin with summer time is coming baby. It's a hundred and forty two degrees in the shade every day And it's only gonna get worse. They're predicting one of the most Solkries summers in the history of this town Now here's one way to stay healthy and spread of the heat in the humidity It's only a matter of profit. It'll make you feel your best to keep you in good health Only a man's a soft-shell cap to let contains pharmaceutical grade olive oil along with Vitamins and minerals and herbal supermote health for your prostate for your heart your blood pressure and your cholesterol All your meds also got supplements to grow health in your circulatory system your digestive and endocrin system your skin and bones and even your mind All using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil and don't forget all your meds got products for men and for ladies out there too Real ones all your meds available at wall greens whole food markets tomorrow pharmacy and sedanos If you want to get more information about Oliomed what it does how it works what it is It's at all of these things just column toll free one eight six six Oliomed That's one eight six six Ola MED or can also order their products right off their website it 10 You a yeah how young is too young Boys Welcome He dang young boys with a hot press hard in the long Oh, there's boys Hard in the long Boys He's back Oh Oh You can understand what his new proposal that the bishops have come up with what are really boils down to and that is that you get one free pass Like on a Disney land or Disney world a getting like you know one free ride that you got to pay for all the rest Same thing when a cat like church all a priest they get one free pass for one molestation Maybe they should get a coupon when they graduate seminary like a drink take so make it a really a big one a good one pretty big yeah And then of course after that then you in real trouble So once again, they're like you know soft sopping the whole thing if I can use that expression and like you know What are they kidding are they kidding anybody with a brain? No only the media who are like suckin up well. This is a good beginning. It's not a good beginning. It's just part of the cover up Once again setting themselves up is the law How how are they in a position to give anybody a free pass? It's like saying well, you know if you remember our priesthood you can murder one person but after the second one then you're in trouble We'll turn you over to the authorities But the first one we give you a free pass We will you can come to confession and we'll forgive you for your sins Well, let's you go out and do one one armed robbery and you float them But the second one man you're out And And like I said yesterday and nothing I'm gonna say is ever gonna change it you suckers out there you keep going back here We Sunday you keep slup on all your little kids there and it's just it's pathetic You keep subsidizing this insanity They don't want to change they're just pissed off that they've been caught with their goddamn Pataluni with their robes down But they don't really want to change because this is part and parcel about they've been doing for centuries There's nothing new going on here. It's the same old crap Yeah, we got eight million stories about that man with fake bomb it's a Peter's first of all, though Vatican City a man threatened to blow himself up today near Saint Peter's Square in the Vatican But Poli said the body was caring turned out to be fake The man began shutting out like a lot of other things in the Vatican I'm sure he had a dead piece the man began shouting in front of the Vatican post office a few hours before Pope John Paul the truth Was the hold is weekly general audience in the nearby square in front of all the Getschkees a Titan police books Markov Iolos said the man was carrying an empty pipe with some wires sticking out no explosives The man's protests apparently had nothing to do with a Vatican a business man from southern Italy He claimed he was being threatened by organized crime gang said viola The man was taken a minor by police station for questioning the Pope. Hell maybe to carve Kara Katta Venieri got him Yeah, they don't they don't mess around the kind of an area. They're not like the Polizia who just they're like sluppers But the Katta Venieri when they get you they just The Pope held his public audience attended by thousands of pilgrims and say pyrus square thousands of Getschkees without incident Pastor of St. Brendan suspended boy The Reverend Jose Nixon longtime pastor St. Brendan Katta like church was suspended yesterday after a sexual abuse complaint was lodged against him the Archdiocese of Miami has confirmed He's been put on administrative leave due to a sexual abuse allegation Archdiocese spokeswoman Mary Ross Agostas said Nixon is the eighth priest to be suspended from the Archdiocese since 1998 because of a sexual abuse Accusation for those have also retired since then for the same reason so that sounds like a dozen like the dirty doesn't the me Agostas said father Nixon 55 pastor at St. Brendan at 8725 southwest 30 seconds three in southwest aid since 1982 was temporarily replaced Lady yesterday by the Reverend Charles Peterman all bad name for priest Oh Peterman pretty big She said it's the church's policy this has spent any priest accused of sexual misconduct until the Archdiocese conducts an internal probe if you're part of that expression Actum in the accusation. They're probing it Archbishop John C. Fabular will appoint a response team a committee of church laypeople to investigate the allegation Agostas said the panel will determine where the allegation is credible or not Don't you think the authorities ought to be checking on the allegation? You think yeah, Columbus what least charlacome somebody like that John homes John was It's a John washer would be good and by the way he's Catholic as you know and he's fired up and pissed Are you out this he's been well with our good buddy long history though many many times over the last months since this whole thing blue If I can say that and he is Psychotic about it Depending on the outcome next you could be reinstated as pastor or remove from the church But as removal from the priest and we would require the approval of the Vatican Augusta declined to come out of the nature the complaining gets and exceed the pastor can be reached for comment later today. I'll get everybody else In the past month the Archdiocese has suspended two priests to Reverend Ricardo Castellanos long time pastor of San Isidro and Pompano Beach and now Elher or Greeceyard 62 headed St. Francis to sales on my mv because of allegation as sexual misconduct By a former alter boy by the way it's saying cure and church in Miami Joey Carras and Alasood file last month accused Castellanos 56 of molesting him at San Curre in church I met a lot of LaSalle high school and church a little flower in the Gables when it is between the ages of 14 and 16 from 1970 to 72 we also accused Weeshard 62 of sexual misconduct and little flower church during that same period This suspension came as the Archdiocese of Miami is providing information of past and current complaints for the state attorney's orifice Here's another depressing piece of news boy Like I said not a good idea that I can only get that world cup or number one baby Yeah, you want to say We need Portugal. I'm gonna tell you right now if we went to the nearest shopping mall And we quartered a hundred people of no matter what they looked like her. Oh, yeah, for once they came And we had a map of the world. How many of those hundred people do you think could find Portugal on the map? in this town? Yeah two A two brute Very sad right there next to Spain by the way right by Espania on the Iberian penis era Right there see I Never been to Lisbon but I heard it's a pretty interesting place So I've heard Lithman now that's right. They don't speak they speak portagesey like in Brazil right right Here's that other terrible story Star recruit is arrested may lose umscollarship. Oh, what a shame Prize University of Miami football recruit Nate Harris a senior at Miami Edison high might lose his scholarship after being arrested last Thursday Only days from graduation heres is not expected to play football at uma university source bsan Here is a six two to 110 pound linebackers been in jail since Thursday He's expected in court in fact he's there right now. It said nine-am today So I'm assuming that if they're on the right time they might get around what like right about now to face one kind of armed robbery Now see if he was in a Catholic church He probably get one free arm robbery like I said but unfortunately he ain't According to the Dave police report Harris 19 and Antoine Evans 19 robbed a victim at gunpoint Wait till you're this story The victim was playing checkers on a street corner at Liberty City Evans pulled out a gun and said let me get your expletive obviously the word is Schmidt let me get your Schmidt Right Evans that allegedly took the victim's necklace bracelet and ring their Schmidt Oh, that's a beauty Harrison Evans then fled back to their car which allegedly was being driven by a pretty crowmer 21 The victim pursued them and eventually gave police to description of the car in the attackers the three were arrested shortly after the incident Edison football coach Cory Belsen Harris told him the incident Thursday They had no idea Evans and Cromor were gonna rob someone Bell said they told me thought it was gonna get dropped off It is girlfriend's house When I spoke to him earlier Thursday He told me he was going to our spring football game that night. I can't see why I need to do this According to family and friends Harris left school about 130 and a P in the alleged robbery happened at 254 P I'm a few blocks from the school if convicted of robbery with a firearm Harris could receive I'm getting choked up about it a sense between 48 months and 10 years in state prison And he liked that so I guess he ain't gonna be running fast and jumping high unlike like Brian blades for example Pretty sad news there for all you sports nerds out there for all you jacks nippers for all you people who think that like ball games and a most important thing in a world Man Good thing I'm going for those blood tests, you know what? I could have like something bad like like the crud 80 Also a lot better than was mundane it no geez Much better. I got some silver tall drops if you want to no thanks explode I just got your ternian going for my blood test after working that nice lab over here on nowhere with the holidays Right as opposed to that one where they sent me from the doctor's office that doctors office by the way over there on tap street just a little bit west of a 441 Right by the funeral parlour. It's a good thing there real close. Yeah, they were like right next door I was not funeral parlour You know the ones that are in the original parlour that's uh, I don't know it doesn't really have any colors on it It's just black and white lettering low cost. Yeah, I said here's a good place for dead people I think's what it said and that that sign was on a far more than doctors building was 87 votes on a poll which of these are you most interested in baseball 26. I don't care about any of them 21 hockey 15 soccer 10 Cockfights eight The British monarchy four and women's backs at ball three which means it ran raw scenes three friends voted 20 till 10 at 560 WQA. I'm hey if you got a big ugly ball spot You can wear a mossy-looking musk red wig you can have holes built in your head with blood pouring down your forehead and have everybody in town just fallen on a four Lafina you you'll think you look a lot better and then everybody's behind your back Is in God is like Bob Eisenberg or Cargo Jackass or what but if you want to look great Charles Alfie Are these the guy can help you do with that's all he does for over 25 while he also goes to hockey games a lot Charlie's been doing it for over 25 years helping guys look their besties been a guest on good morning America the today show he's been a sponsor this program for over 20 years now. I believe and it's unlike that Hundred years comes age very long time and guys are just amazed at how much better and younger they can look with Charles Alfie or his natural Hilarious system unlike any other system at any price and this one's very affordable by the way I like all of the other things this one looks like they has grown right out of your scalpel It looks natural not like you got a better straw on the top of your head So pick up the photo call check out theory today. Tell me a Rogers told you to call which will save you 200 bucks off the regular price by the way Call 1-800-321-2413. They'll bring you in there. They'll give you a free consultation and with no obligation at all They'll show you guys just how much better and younger you can look probably better Never thought you could look again call that number 1-800-321-2413 or log out of their website at wd I Neil God I gave the command to kill thousands of innocent people. I said fill her up. I helped raise money to buy explosives for a suicide bomber But it was just so I could drive to my in-laws for Thanksgiving. I help ship rocket launchers to Islamic fundamentalists in the Philippines But it was only good fun. It was just cruising to the beach. I helped provide cash to train terrorists Gorillas, but all I was doing was topping off my tank before my ski trip if you think your addiction to using gasoline in your car isn't causing any harm Think again Because the money you spend to fill your tank eventually goes to fill the pockets of terrorists I gave the command to kill thousands of innocent people and all I had to say was fill her out some other public service announcements Wanted lane terrorism on drug addicts, but we want to let people know that it's gasoline that fuels terror So whether you're sticking a straw in your nose or a nozzle in your tank Your part of the problem. I was just out for a Sunday drive. It's not like I was hurting anyone this message provided by the council Undisplacing the lane. It's there Yes I saw my little spots as weekend by the way more of the have all those young cock and heads and they're going out about oh I did you know two lines and I spoke to join and I helped White pod like a half the world because I spoke to joint I thought that the Nancy Reagan just say No, I thought that was incipitant moronic and childish and embarrassing Well, you know something that was like light years better than this Talk about trying to lay a guilt trip. Oh, that's right. You're subsidizing terror the evil doors Every time you let up one of them damn pin joins your subsidizing the evil doors you terrible people you Anybody with a brain by it believe in it. No kids buying it. No Only maybe buy it, but then they're smoking it What a crocker crap manness this country is just a warpan or wicked price for being juvenile refusing to grow up and come to the 18th century least Look at that phone. I thought it would take some calls here today, but it looks like they have no interest five six seven O five 60 pound five 60 on a AT and T and Verizon wireless line because what's you know what's I'm back there in Toronto on Friday Georgia be doing the show tomorrow should put out and I'll be back on Friday in Toronto Thank God But once that starts you may not be I have this opportunity for quite some time So here's your opportunity to get in here Let us hear all about that Carolina Detroit game last night USA and Portugal all use soccer fans don't call me 5 670 560 pound 5 said no don't call me with that soccer crap. I'll hang on up on your right away Go on here one word about it about Palais about this Forget about it take La Palota and stick it in your heinous not interested bunch of crap boring up and down at big long field and like I told you before the only reason those soccer announces have to go ballistic when they finally score a goal if they score one Is because to try to wake everybody out of their coma oh Look something must have happened you know season Oh, you know going on for like about 30 minutes with that not even taking a breath To try to pretend there's something exciting going on is anything exciting going on? Oh, they're kicking a ball up and down a 7000 foot to field there A kicking out of bounds and sideways once in a while actually kick a pass to their teammate, but the other net In fact, I think that all the goals in soccer probably are fixed WQAM Yeah, okay speaking Speaking oh, Neil how are you okay? I don't want to let you know I have a spiral port. Yeah, oh Jason's in his own radio right now and it's certainly they think Yeah, he is on the radio talking about Trying to find his panic women to date and I'm not joking I'm being dead honest with you. Yeah, yeah, I thought of the last expect for that radio station right now. Okay good ones ready here then Anybody buying that no no What station was it he said something I never heard of oh speaking speaking that one Amadora Rodriga is 82 you know who that is no what was Comitated on Spanish radio he's dead. It's my dad's name actually one Amadora Rodriga All that political commentary for a WR for radio Mambi a radio Mambi who's to respond five decades in Miami and Cuba Died in his sleep Tuesday in his home in Westchester Amadora 82 left his job as morning host of a radio Mambi's morning debate program in Caliente two years ago after suffering a stroke The microphone was his love Zada Mariana and Ella Amadora who also hosted a program in a radio Mambi that was his life After fling his native Cuba shortly after Vidal Castro took power 1959 Amadora a prominent radio executive in Palatau Tosh Nani Island became a fixture and the politically influential Llanoff and tumultuous world of Spanish language Pop shows the tumultuous world of Spanish language pop shows and he's dead So I just on a pass at a long in spite of that very dubious first call WQAM QAM Not there QAM hello Hello feel like Richard Dawson not there yes, sir Hello speaking oh hey sorry about that. Oh you know people are men as slow as Malances god what did I come back here for? Hey hello hello hello. What what a game last night. Yeah, that was unbelievable It was pretty surprising to be honest with you because not a one I think Detroit would blow them up But I thought they would play that real suffocating scout style that Carolina likes to play But I thought that was pretty interesting game Yeah, but you know it's amazing. I didn't realize it till about what was it the third round that a playoff So I noticed that they got some really good veteran players on that team with a Ron Francis and Rob Brindamore Yeah, and the goalie didn't he didn't the goalie used to play for the ducks? No, he played for the sharks the shark. So, okay. Yeah, I think he may have actually played for the Vux for like part of one season It rebanned then he went to Dallas. He's he bounced around after he was with San Jose I knew it was one of those animals. I wasn't sure he beat the red wings with the San Jose 92 or 3 whatever They wouldn't they upset the Detroit? He beat him. Oh wow. I didn't realize yeah But what a game did you see like in the left at the end of the third period when Brett Hall came screamin and down the side And he went to shoot it and they any Stoned them cold right at the goal. Yeah, like that was unbelievable to mend it into overtime You know when you look at the when you realized that Brett Hall is playing on the fourth line and that's sometimes federal plays on a fourth line It's scary. It really is scary and the fact that Detroit lost that game is just quite a tribute to Carolina I hope they win. I really do. I'm rooting so hard for Carolina just because I just hope they get it over with already You know it's a fifth of June somebody tell him it said the middle of June already get it over with would be good idea Well, it's like what they said on sports centers They said that it was gonna sweep but they didn't realize it could be the other way around wouldn't that be sweet? Have a great day pal Go cones go yeah, look out for those hurricanes man. They're on a march Course keep in mind Vancouver also want to first to a indie Troy and then of course just took the pipe So don't get all too excited. Well, let's see we got the 23 hockey fans out there so far which is about 11. I had a soccer and 12. I had a cockpipes WQAM WQAM WQAM Yeah, I just wanted to talk to Neil how to question about one I want to talk from about dolphin panel. It's off season. It's just one WQAM Yes, good morning WQAM. Yes, sir. You know if the ad channel is gonna use that tactic where if you light up your subsidizing the terrorists Legalize the damn thing tax it and use that to fund the warrant terrorism Damn it, you know, no, they you don't understand where you are sir With in America where we just were two uptight about these things Where if you go to Europe, I'm sure you see every time an Amsterdam you see these billboards were there, you know Apportizing something sexual and they don't get up tight over there because it's a human body. I don't see any billboards in Amsterdam Now they mention it really no Oh, they're buying it some of them are buying some of them are gay and some of them are straight Well, I'm gonna go buy some of my pod right now light up go buy some have a good time No, you don't see any billboards. It's just on on me. That's one thing. I don't miss is those big Every billboards, you know, defacing the landscape and You're not when you're in the city You know, you're not inundated with the drugs or sex when you're in the middle of the city Of course you have all the sex shops in the uh, you know, there's a whole lot of very a kinky wild places The red light district and then of course there a Zidian coffee shops all around the city including that one very close by me Where they deliver on motorcycles. Yeah, that's true. That's great. They deliver on motorcycles. That's paradise who blocks from my house Of course I can walk right on over, but at any rate. They're all over the city, but but it's it's a very unostintacious Is not like glitzzy and like that How do I want to say So it's not a big deal is what I'm trying to say it's not a big deal other than for some of the silly tourists like the Brits who come over there and just You know act like I want your assholes because they've been sober pressed and brought up like a bunch of Puritanical or Victorian or whatever idiots See that's our problem is that we just can't that we can't break the chain We like to think that we beat the Brits a long time ago and then we bail them out of a couple of wars No, which is all true, but the fact is we still can't break the umbilical cord At least the Canadians even though they got the queen on the currency. I mean there is so much more progressive than will ever dream of being So at least they understand that they can't the rain and the shadow of the core for majesty forever Even though they do like a queen every now and then WQAM Yeah, that is the same guy. What can I go for me? That was very exciting. One in fact to in a row Like I told you your call suck okay folks 567 560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon line fight school hopefuls to be check we'll do that in a second And then we got all the stuff about the bishops proposals and abuse allegations known file show from the Boston Globe I'll kind of good stuff the gotty bust from the York Post you saw that in check. No. Oh, yeah Got all kinds of amazing good stuff but there are a lot of people out there and since they want to hear those phone calls So we're here to please and we're searching for some real phone calls here to head one or two Had the guy who was at least knew something about hockey which was good. Let's hear it for those Carolina Hurricanes Okay, let's be fair They're doing it. They're shocking a world of course nobody cares about Carolina Hurricanes including the people in Raleigh But they're putting on a good, you know good front running phony kind of a show a lot of people including me We kind of like made a parallel there between the year that the Panthers Their third season in existence went to the Kastana Cup finals against Colorado, but then we lost four straight in that But here you got Carolina a team that nobody also cares about including the people in their market and they go to the Santa Cup finals Against the champion de-cred Red Wings The phenomenal Red Wings who won the Santa Cup twice in last what six years unlike that and anyway there they are and everybody Especially twitches to wipe out right off the ice and it went a first game Papeno Park is open for great live harness racing tonight and three nights a week every Wednesday Friday and Saturday First post time 730 in a PM There's free general parking free clubhouse and grandstand admission every afternoon and night Papeno Park offers the only nighttime horse racing action in all of four afloria Here the thundering hooves and root homo winner from the outside track apron We can nearly reach out and touch the horses or cheer for your favorite horse from the fifth floor sports bar This Saturday June fifth come watch and this Saturday is not June fifth unless we're on a wrong date You know what that's what it says in my copy here nice God Steve. Well somebody please buy Steve wolf a counter the Saturday's the eighth I'm looking at my little wristwatch right now And there's a big calendar up on a wall over there and it says that today's the fifth days Wednesday So this Saturday June eighth Steve Come watch and wait you on a bell monster from New York can war emblem in a triple crown. I think so advanced way to restart to this Friday at noon Papeno Park on a free bill monster Passed performance pages and daily racing formal beyond sale on Friday every Wednesday night like the night is dollar night A pompot parking a draft beer hot dog so the large press or popcorn just a bucket piece on Wednesday's Fridays and Saturdays Papot park offers a special audio can eat buffet in the fourth floor players lounge Soup salad tons of eddies may not raise to choose throwing graces or it's all for one low price Be sure to get there early night before fair fetch cleans it out Plus on Friday and Saturday is a carving station with turkey hand prime report or flank steak as well Papeno Park also offering your full card sign will casting every day seven days a week starting a noon with high-light harness and thoroughbred action Papot park on power line to black side of Atlantic Boulevard. Don't forget great live racing tonight post on If it ain't you, let's get it the price Floridians done as dirt. It's the video too hot for TV Pres gone wild find out what these wild men at the club do when they lose in their colors It's wild wild wild see Francis can's vigorously annoying their flock not a Dominican Sprawlaking in an after-hours bingo boiler. It's all on priest gone wild Priest gone wild is hot in a fairly illegal seminary students. Barter Rosary Beat and Marty Graf Trump delay order today priest gone wild order now and we're seeing the bonus video seminary slots They're young they're hot and they're sharing a steamy sauna operators are standing by so order now to order Priest gone wild have your credit card hand in call 1 800 ultra board may not be suitable for children over 15 It's total one at five 60 WQM happy a Wednesday two. We got two made it's one hanks up a new or he'll be a broadcasting life from Billmont at three o'clock Marlins on next sixty thirty to Marlins who beat the fillies five nothing last night up there to filter the LPA Planner again given it a shop for game number two 705 any k after baseball Joe and Mark overnight to the six in a am That's Joe Costello who got very high marks in our poya yesterday I suck after initially getting very bad marks 152 votes out today's pool. What's in these are you most interested in baseball? Which fingers you know I mean we left out football for obvious reasons because what what's even a point? What a one in a landslide Baseball 44. I don't care about any of them 39 25.6 percent And I'm proud of this audience by the way not that you know, I don't want people to be hockey fans, but I'm proud to see that Because the sports nerd thing on this radio station continues aggravating just the crap out of me And it just it just makes me want to like do the all of myself. I just can't deal with it. I'm serious The sports nerd thing and all these just like that kid to call say you don't even know who the hell you's talking to or what station this is How are well? Can we get out some what about the dolphins screw the dolphins okay pal? Screw the dolphins call up a sports show. This isn't some stupid goddamn sports show We got let's see eight 16 hours in a stupid sports show is on his station So if you want to talk about the dolphins my suggestion user is due the right thing call up on those stupid talk shows but it talks sports 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T did I ever read a poll no baseball 44 I don't care about any in the 39 hockey 30 soccer 15 Cockfights 12 12 for cockfights. Oh, right a lot of those come in from highly and sweet water already The British monarchy seven and women's basketball Ron Rothstein only five only five lesbians out there in radio land said oh They like best women's backsipoll The WNPA how many year more years you think that's gonna be around maybe maybe one maybe one Maybe if mole keeps pumping for his buddy Ron Rothstein maybe one they can get you know a few thousand people in every game not lose too much Nobody Q a l Yes, sir. What judge no kneel. Hey, I do a kneel. Okay, I'm a Supples should talk into you I got a little spy report I was listening to one of the Spanish stations unfortunately because there's nothing else in the radio Is this gonna be about OJ Simpson that we already heard about oh yeah, okay. Thank you 560 750 560 so evidently it's true though, huh? Apparently OJ is making it around he wants some you know he's tired of those blondes of those area and one for a Spectch ace trolling for a spectchick now OJ any spec ladies out there to one like a dual, huh? No Want to give OJ the low price spread WQ a m Hey George yeah, yeah I just want to mention a book called gospel of shame with the 1993 Yeah, it's a book that documented all the thoughts that definitely curled his out of the now and it was printed mine years ago Who's it by you know? No, I don't but I heard about MPR earlier this morning and they were doubting it. I'm MPR But it's a victim with happening now and it's like the smoking doing it's come out It's like the fact was known mine years ago and there's no longer than that. Okay, thanks That the book by lead us not in temptation by Jason Buried. I was a back in 80s because I hit him on my show Back when I was doing guests back in was boring days So these these things have been known for like a decades, but it's just that the church has been much more Success what till the Boston Globe There are the people are really deserve credit for a for a break in his loose For breaking the story just to take it here in a cap off of his whole oozing sore the Boston Globe And of course the irony that being of course Boston in this country anyways like the headquarters of the church Yep, make no mistake about that haven't lived there for a couple years Boston is own lock stock and bangles by the cat lick church Who is the Bishop that back in Bishop Cardinal Cushing that was his name No related to run no relation to one pushing is a harness driver and Detroit, but Cardinal Cushing And he was no cardinal law to do that yeah, they had a big scandal with the parking garage instead of the altar boy scandal back then the big scandal was how the church owned the Aparken Grages and they were like skimming off the top and they used to they used to tell your car away if you like you know Parked there for 30 seconds longer. They once told my little corvaryway in Boston those faster and I come on all the super market I see the tow truck is like you know about a tenth of a block up the street. I ran like hell Like Cardinal I said hey, you know, what do I how much do I give you to get my car back? It was like one minute in the store Now you'll have to go downtown and it gives me the dress rug I got her cuz it's a scam and it cost me 70 bucks to get my car out Which the church was taking a little piece of the action at that time too. Yeah, they want their peace, you know Just like O. J everybody everybody wants their peace 560 pound 560 on a AT&T and for my smartness line don't forget George is gonna be on tomorrow when he elected it on no Joe All on I like I said Joe be on tomorrow no George Well, you wouldn't want me to sandbag and sabotage the Joe show It'll be George tomorrow or maybe Joe it'll be somebody I'm up here and Friday I'll be back. I'll be back And then of course that's Joe and George right after the Howard David basketball and soccer show Joe and Mark WQAM Yes, sir Looking for Neil you're looking for him while you're looking right at him. It's not a pretty seal Yeah, yeah, God one time no talk yes, sir, and I'm loving the new thing and you're traveling around the world and Doing the show from different places in George. I don't know if I like Joe, but I love the whole thing Mm-hmm. Not a fun. Don't like Joe too much. Well, I don't know I'm personally never had sex I'm not talking about his penis. I'm talking about with you like him on the air or not I like George on the air. I love you on the air obviously I'm glad you're taking calls again I like that you did for a while Righty is good man. Yeah, well, to see I like doing the unsus unexpected in other words if you're predictable and people know what you can do every single day That's boring. So I like being unpredictable that would be boring. Just keep it up in any way you can and We love the show. I speak for the world trust me. Okay. Thanks for the suck job. Thank you It was a good one. See it was great Give me that towel George 560 pound 560 on a AT&T we got 173 votes on that survey already man Something's going on here like I said I lied. I'll be here on Friday Now see I'm gonna have to start lying to these people Psychologically there's something wrong with this crowd and it does make a difference where I'm doing the show It sounds exactly the same the tone is the same. I still can't get over those those facts The tone of the show is terrible. That was the first week I was doing a shot at Toronto and still taking calls at that point by the way Well, the tone of the show is just terrible What does that mean? What tone were they talking about the muskettling that must be that tone? Yeah Oh, yeah, my muscle tone is too good wait till I get to ask to them. I get to exercise my muscle a lot more No, it's all that walking. I'm telling you that's where it's sad. It's good for you that walking. What do you what? What happened just now? It's not noise that hurt it this morning something's vibrating in this room I didn't tell you that most center right under your chair whatever the devices 9 minutes after don't be stupid. Will ya? 9 minutes after 10 at 560 WQM if you're thinking of painting your home or business Speaking of being stupid don't do it. Don't paint protect your investment with liquid ceramic Liquid ceramic the technology board and NASA space program is available right now here in South Florida Liquid ceramic is the most advanced exterior interior and roof coating available in the universe You do can have the same high tech ceramic technology that shields the space shuttle protecting your home or building and you'll never ever have to paint again You heard right liquid ceramic is guaranteed for as long as you own your home or building So forget about repaying every few years because liquid ceramic won't fade and won't peel and it's guaranteed The state of the arconing yields an R 24 insulation equivalency, which means it'll help you bring those electric bills down to Like what ceramics available in over 1800 different colors check out liquid ceramic today call 305 34751 22 Liquid ceramics been manufactured in Seoul for over 40 years in the good news for us is it's available now right here in good old South Florida call 305 34751 22 That's 305 34751 22 or visit on the net at liquids ramic.tv And when you call and be sure and tell them that all the old You will yeah if there's a but I smell it now a one-on-one interview with Azihaz Born Azihaz This television show too How's it going this camera's all over the house every time I try to do something aside Locking whoa, there's a lot me face I'm in the bathroom right. I'm trying to go You can't poop where there's a camera right in your face can you have you ever tried to poop with a camera in Yeah, I mean you can't do it you can't push because I can push my head or blow up I'm not in my head anyway. How's the putt time? I'm in there my wife sharing comes in everybody's trying to talk to me I just want to be left alone Well, I can understand that just leave me the alone has the foot the foot is all Stop I mean every time I move on I hear bunk making noise and cracking I mean I can't do anything Hamaz the Osborne Oh, what is it Kelly? I'm doing Kelly shut the fuck up. I'm doing an interview. Why is it? I'm so pissed off and yeah, well, what do you want me to do it back? I tell you want me to say something to him does he want my panty draw a hand Why you want to in my panty draw? I mean Kelly if your brother was away If the panties what am I supposed to do do you want me to tell him? Get your dad Do you want me to tell him to not wait your panties Jack Wait a minute now. Don't wait your sister Wait a minute. Where's the dog? Where's the dog again? He got out. You know don't wait your sister's panties You've got a panties if you've got a What do you say as you're people say you are the new I say I mean I don't even know what to say you're asking me questions I've got my daughter Kelly Betchill and mown it about him brother wearing a panties I mean what's the big deal if you want somewhere panties? I mean why can't you just get over it already? Did you ever wear not for ready me? I'm wearing panties right now. I'm wearing Kelly's panties No, we'll be right back. Thank you 10 15 at 5 60 W to kill me What is this mong on oh, that's white out? Yeah, oh such as it is like he's snotted or something They're white out join George Bokeb Ryan and Miguel for Budweiser happy our 5 to 7 this afternoon At Treasure Island North 122nd Street on the east side of the pulmeto They'll have our usual QA and crappy prizes and Jeff how big giving up free lap dances and Whatever and he'll prize us for anyone who survives that I see 1951 votes on our survey today on the arodiers.com Which of these are you most interested in? I don't care about any of them 51 baseball 50 hockey be having 41 soccer 21 Cock fights 15 the British monarchy eight and women's basketball the soul only five Ron Rothstein's only got five shields that he can put on while he's got six shields 5 670 560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line See how I'm torn because I really know I'd like to take a few of these calls and also I got this still is hacking Confished by Friday when I'm back in T.O. I should be rid of all of this right see if I would have been taken like an Expecter it I would have gotten rid of all the flames sooner you would expect so yeah But somewhere along line. I just it just got lost in the shuffle. It wasn't one of those priorities that I had Plus it's more fun having it. WQA M Thank you WQA M hello okay, I Nicole That was OG oh And that's another thing by the way why would he be calling on a Spanish language station? You know a pick-and-a-pony I guess they must have been translating it no I don't buy it Nobody QAM Yes, sir. Yeah a couple weeks ago on their front pages in New York times it said a Vatican cat and lawyer said don't go to the police on sexual abuse And don't tell a parish about a new priest's record. Do you hear about this? Yeah? Yeah? It's a you write it's a dog and pony shut They're gonna say something and Vatican's gonna throw it out that is correct But I think I quite the son of an ABC and NBC MSNBC they had their talk show and they would go crazy over but like CNN and never mentioned it You think everybody go crazy on this thing? How do you know CNN never mentioned you are seeing like round the clock? I went on their website of looking all over for this I mean, but their their website is very crappy. They they have a lot of really interesting stuff on like early in a morning and I'll go to their website and I'll never be able to find it even through the rest of the day I'll look for the story and you can't find it under they just have a crappy website Because that's a static in ten and thing would be huge for March and he'll work for CNN right? He made it when it is outrage of the week that the Vatican's backing down from this right? Oh, oh one more thing. You know who Darwin is from the people for American way? Yes, I do He was on crossfire last while he was talking about how these Christians are trying to get into public schools and science classes That dinosaurs and people lived together when he said that everybody just freaked out But they they ignored them. They do want that Well, that that's nothing new about that. They've been trying to do that for last 30 years. There's nothing new there Okay, and it closing now I could finally say this go back to Kennedy, YouTube. Okay, hi Thank you very much and I will 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQAM Yes, sir. Hey, what did you get? WQAM Yeah, I just moved down here and I just want to say so the hell hole and I don't understand why anybody would want to live here. Will you write where you're from? Virginia oh, oh, well, you made a bad mistake sir if you unpacked yet Pretty much, but I'd like to Get out of your suit's possible. Well, good luck to you. I'll be right behind you I'll have the flash light. I'll be right ahead of you 560 pound 560 is a hell of holes hundred 80 reason to shade and of course with these calls We've had a few you know a few that actually had something to say but then we have a lot of more on South there Clean that's far to the call to couple calls back By the way, my name ain't magic Johnson 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQAM Yes, I Tell you I love that hockey game last night That was one of the most exciting things to see to see their red wings and all these free loading phonies get on the band lagging Get whack by Carolina. What free loading phonies you talking about? Those people that you know the people they go from the band wagon It means front running front running phony's is a terrible looking for that's right Like these people now that the USB Be one of those countries in the world cup all these people are soccer's the greatest Oh, yeah, I heard that this morning on Mo show because it was a good cover up for not talking about the hockey games So instead bop bop bop bop bop bop on soccer every year We hear the same thing about all the kids down here little kids of plain soccer You know something that's true, but it doesn't it doesn't translate and anything else no adults Nobody cares about soccer in this country unless they come for a country where soccer is very big which is not in North America other than Mexico Have a shameless request yes, sir. Can you read this blank blank? Oh, I don't know And then I mean, I like that, but it's just I don't know I'm kind of like Huh, I like it's for people like us who watch the game channel Thank That's a bad sheet rate for his life. Okay. That's good now No, that was enough. He won a little taste of it. I don't want to play the whole thing. Okay. You've got to have a feel for this I'm not gonna play the whole goddamn thing. How long is that I'm in and a half? Audience to be get a coma. They'd be gone by that point. They'd be listening to the norm can't show speaking to coma Oh, Norm told me last night he had this little prop man infected testicle He said it was the size of a baseball size of a grapefruit Who you think even that? How do you get that? I don't want to know In infection and is nut But they gave me an A-Bonax and luckily it went back to normal Not the size of a BB five six seven 0 5 60 pound five 60 on the AT and see in Verizon line I'm not sure about this taking these calls, you know, and he ladies out there want to call and say hi This is my last day before I get out of here for four months Any women in the Saudi ins current up to said they're very best. No, of course not absolutely not Do not kidn me and all about this phone crap. I've been around a block a few times WQAM You see here we are same assholes WQAM QAM Yes, yeah WQAM QAM hello I'm going back to my articles, okay, because you people are bunch of assholes Bishops proposals are seen as starting point for debate A child protection plan proposed by the US Conference of Catholic Bishop sparked heated debate across the U.S. today As Bishop's lay activist in scholar said they would push for changes when Bishop's vote on a policy in Dallas next week The Bishop's draft charter for protection of children and young people was welcome by many who said the documents That the bishops finally appear ready to recognize the damage done over last several decades 2000s of children by the minority of priests who have been sexually active Oh, this is in the Boston here on the course they have to be politically correct, so they say the minority of priests who have been sexually abusive But two aspects of the bishops proposal proved controversial They're planning to allow priests who committed only one of active abuse in the past to keep working for the church and the decision not to suggest any action against bishops who failed to remove abusive priests or ministry Let me say it again. They're making an decision as opposed to the law Preest to have committed only one active abuse in the past can keep working for the church as opposed not only from getting kicked out of the church, but like go to jail where they belong Who the hell are you bishops kitten, baby? We're scaling it back a little bit. I believe and Bishop before I believe these bastards, okay? Bishop William S. Flystead of spoke can vice president of the Bishop's conference called the draft a good start But said in a telephone interview that he would like to see the proposal toughened with a stronger apology on behalf of bishops and a stricter zero tolerance Pratolorez policy now we're talking pops The apology could be even stronger. I think it does hurt for doesn't hurt for us to say that we need to ask for forgiveness and then we made mistakes He'd be saying Scales dad said he expected to baton down us about zero tolerance policy the draft proposes that the bishop seek to defrock any priest who sexually abuses a minor in the future But only those priests who have abused a minor more than once in the past So as we're looking in the past you get one free pass no free pass in the future But depending on what you've done in your past in the in your behind one free pass To molest a kid our own practice in spokean has been that we've taken the one strike in your outer porch skills That said we need to be mindful that we're a forgiving church a reconciling church But for my perspective given a level of anger in the highest expectations at the lady have a priest What I'm hearing is that people are pretty strong about not allowing such a person back into the ministry and you are Our special hearing flint of Saint Paul and Minneapolis who chair the committee that drafted the proposal defend it The decision to give a second chance to some offenders Treatment of the power of Christian conversion has made a difference in some cases flints in however Ministry that involves contact with children a young people will always be out of the question for abusive priests He'd be saying a Parliament seminary rector who's been asked to address the bishops and Dallas next week said the bishop's need to go much further and holding themselves accountable Much much much much further. He said Not covered here is the question of the bishops themselves and in listening to a lot of Catholic lay people last few weeks That is a particular sore point said the Reverend Donald P. Sr. President of the Catholic theological union in Chicago I know another sore point too If it can be demonstrated that a bishop knowingly placed a priest who they knew was in danger with children That is a serious breach in the bishop would be unfit for pastor or leadership There is no restoration of trust until that is addressed And on a coz at very great length, but it's like I said a dog and pony show and It's like they're sticking their finger out the window to see which way to win his blowing and just how little they can get away What would doing you know and see how the the windfall of public opinion and Needless to say there's any enormous gush of its gush it over here squirt squirt public opinion that they you're not kidding anybody Come on just one time. Yeah, this this touched right in your mouth boltcrats a pile of crap 219 votes on our poll. What's it these are you most interested in? I don't care about any of them 63 baseball 55 hockey 47 soccer 21 cock fights 20 oh British monarchy and women's basketball only five nobody cares about tightball, okay And we can have people on this station given a big song in the dance and promoting about it's really great Go out and see it. Uh, guess what Ron Rothstein know you're full of crap nobody cares. It's a joke Here's something that's not a joke and that is a smelly dirty carpet not only is it look bad and smell bad It's unhealthy too because those germs and schmutz and everything is in there and And your allergies get all kicked up back a lot of people get allergies. They really realize it. It's because their carpets are full of crap If you want to get the crap out of your carpets do this marketing call my good friends like I always do a Drive concepts have been using them in my house for over 20 years Drive concepts dry clean your carpet the same way the folks dry clean your clothing It sucks out even a deepest down dirt in the fibers of your carpet which makes them look just like brand new Makes them stay clean or longer and last longer as well your carpet so be dry and smell Let me fresh in just a couple of hours and you'll be ready to rock and roll again So instead of doing business with those chai stews out there who are sok your carpets and leave you with a mess call our friends A dry concepts who not only do a stupid as job every time a give your written guaranteed price Let me say to get a written guaranteed price before they even start doing a work Creatures off in your carpet to a spring cleaning today and Broward called dry concepts at 9 5 4 3 7 0 7 7 7 7 7 8 9 5 4 3 7 0 7 7 7 7 8 and date in Palm Beach call 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 Clean today. You can entertain tonight with dry  Yeah M ausge I I was gonna clean my room until I got on I was gonna get up and find the room But then I got on Oh, la la la, my room got you messed up And I know why, why, why, why, why Cause I got on, you feel like I got on You feel like I got on La la la, ta ta, ta I was gonna go to class before I got on Come on, y'all I could've cheated and I could've passed But I got on Oh, la la, ta ta ta I'm telling that next semester And I know why, why, why, why Cause I got on, you feel like I got on You feel like I got on Hold the next, hold the next, hold the next I was gonna go to class before I got on I was gonna pay my child support But then I got on, no you went La la, ta, ta, ta, ta I hold the next, hold the next And I know why, why, why, why Cause I got on You feel like I got on You feel like I got on La la, ta ta, ta I wasn't gonna run from the cops But I was ha, oh, I'm serious, man I was gonna pull right over and stop But I was ha, oh, la, ta Now I'm a pair of bleachers And I know why, why, why, why Cause I got on, no you went La la, ta, ta, ta I was gonna make love to you Oh, I was gonna meet you Oh, I'm Jack and I, oh, I'm Jack and I And I know why, why, why, why Cause I got on, no you went I know why, why, why, why Cause I got on, no you went Go, go, go, go, go I'm just gonna lie inside your life Go, because I got on Go, go, go, go, go, go No, I lost my kids Why? Think I was like a husband I say what I say, what I say I say, what I say, what I say I say, what I say, what I say What did I know why What did I say, what did I say Think I got on Think I got on, think I got on La la, ta, ta, ta I'm a staff singing the song Think I got on, huh La la, ta, ta, ta, ta I'm a staff singing the song Think I got on, no you went Go, go, go, go, go I'm just gonna lie inside your life Go, because I got on, no you went Go, because I got on, no you went I know why, why, why, why Cause I got on, no you went Cause I got on, no you went Are you lying on me at the La, ta, ta, ta, ta, ta You really are the hardest You're stupid, you're stupid, you're why You're stupid, you're stupid I'm a 30, 34, 5, 60 WQAM, why did you put all these people on Holden, special reason, you're just a thing Oh, just a thing, I see Maybe let's see if that changes anything I doubt it, WQAM hello Anym, answer Yeah sir Hey you not, fuck the time Thinkin' about, you got off George is a tough situation Because it sounds to me like we're getting a Neuterid version of George These days, because he's worried about I getting Blowin' out of it What do you mean a Neuterid version? He's not, she's able to ton it a lot of this is going on the internal that's so fun that we love to hear about yeah you know when you're on you get on air you really you can trash muffle and you can have fun with everybody else but it's just your just someone who can't really do that without it's not for the repercussions uh-huh well it's because he's been his job as being held permanent hostage have it if he had some kind of like ironclad contract if you get away with it right right bloody yeah come on back you really all you want to really get in there and let us people know what's good that is correct yeah when you're away coming up we're gonna get new to the floor to somebody that can really get in there and give us the well for first of all and then you know then the year tell us what you're saying you think that the whole thing we talk about on this radio show every day for four hours is whatever's going on here inside the building which is kind of stupid you know well i may be i wouldn't argue especially lately and a lot of it believe me you don't want to know have a great day sir whatever you said your new to the judges been noted that could as balls on yeah maybe you can borrow one of part of norms inflated test five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line we got eight million votes on a survey 243 and uh... i don't care about any of these uh... seventy five there you go w q a m w q a m yes sir how to go okay take a completely bad song can i play what did you have something you got there dirty raps on yeah i don't know exactly the name but no chance could out of here they're not doing requested we're talking to people like i got something to say okay these three days that i'm here in town i went way out of my way to open up these phones like extend a hand a friendship to the south of our audience and say okay we've pretty much out of these phones the last uh... whatever it's been three four months whatever and done very well with it by the way thank you the audience obviously like it but uh... the fact that matter is here we are we get a bunch of uh... mugs calling here with stupid request and a same old bunch of little spooks and uh... spicks i mean what the hell we talking about let's get some white people calling the show same old tire little game players all your back might have caught that guy that kind needs to be he needs to be hit over the head with a baseball bat about twenty times that he'd like to do a volunteer that way to q a m w q a m yes sir i want you okay i'm still saying the comeback is hellhole i can't wait to get out of my cell i'm going up north and about two and a half weeks i can't wait to get out of here but uh... anyway i just want to say you know i love your show and i'm glad to hear you on the air again okay well he had nothing to say see let me uh... again little effort in the case we have a new take calls again after they which i can't adapt for a while but uh... little uh... instructive piece of information and nobody's interested in that and hearing those kind of calls about i love your show and uh... i hope you have a wonderful life and i'm and that's it's boring is what it is like this town it's boring which is why can't wait to get out of here boring terminal pondress i don't like the tone of these calls okay just like that last one monotone was the tone boring terminal w q a m now there's one of the better ones we've had so far and there's nobody on air that you can't wait to hear what is it yes there's somebody here but i wasn't i was not that line you know i have a good trip and all that man that uh... you're listening your show while the show and uh... will be forward to George and uh... take care bye hey oh whoo don't forget you call ours at once who make our show yeah i heard that on somebody shows i just want to laugh my either laugh or cry i'm not really sure which boy i'm ready to go to the beach w q a m nil yes sir how you doing okay good those things you have to do with George's biome of taking a new take with him you know taking your apartment there and that's it and from song no no no all right now i have a good trip right thanks there's another god with nobody's thank you very much i'm gonna have a good trip thank you but that's not a phone call i'm not taking more calls for wild i why did you put these people on hold was i i was i was i was i could have given something to say putting them on hold i don't think so i really don't think so this at least i mean i go away for a while a few weeks and i come back like something's going to change here they're going to have something to say no of course they're not not going to change i made the right decision i did the right and you'll notice by the way not one single person is gone all the same oh god they're all still out there the raspberry guy they might have called guy the uh... you sp-p when you sit down you sit down when you peed you peed on your knee uh... all the same assholes they're all still there tom jica yeah that way that assholes till their two oh look at that orange orange with a little peel in it no less twenty one before eleven at five sixty wqm time layman's at it again it's halice off the wall in voicel going on right now in fact time just loves a son of my voice he sits down there in his office in halit and he keeps his hand on the radio so you can get the vibrations of my voice when charges on he takes his hand off it right away stop by halit potty at gmc right now take advantage of the off-the-wall in voicel one thirty four one south-to-se highway u.s. when across in the falls the same great location of a tree people right making great deals for thirty five years the law sale prices marked right on the invoice right now at halit on all two thousand two cars and trucks in stock choose one point nine percent financing ruptuate and hour get yourself up to a thirty five hundred dollar me bet like i just said and while you're at halit be sure to take a peak at the complete line of the ogmcsu v's including the on-voi voted by motor trend as s u v the air plus the all new vibas u v that's got a power of a sports car at a fracted price yeah sure hope i don't get out of here without seeing bob Eisenberg halit's also got a great selection of pre-owned cars trucks in s u v's too if you've been turned on for credit by some other bogus card dealer don't worry about it because they'll cut you deal some way somehow even if time personally has to go into money at halit that's the off-the-wall invoice let's go on right now at halit pony at gmc one thirty four o one south-dexy highway on u s one across from the falls open every single day of your life seven days week you can give me call a three o five two three eight forty four that's three o five two three eight forty forty at halit pony at gmc where they all whoa table and rate me well congratulations get a life it's a show day here at Disney World when the screening days meet the rest of the girls in the closet no more that's what day day is for it's a day day after all all right day of fun when we wear red shirts and when we all come you can hear the squirts we visit go in peace with our manicure goaties is a gay day after all the schoolding hands in adventure let it watch the lies some an alley marching band will make tourists treat with a kiss on the cheek it's a gay day after all we can wear tight shorts made of gold blood and wear mask our like daily safe we can win so way as we friends since I shake it's a gay day after all and gm will have a celebrity both hosted by a retailer and group all the movie world 10416 and five cottage Head 46 and five 60 W cutest George Vipsed it Cheers from the corners of his eyes or he hates you like northern man not because you respect... but because you are backstabbing little devious pcs of crap Isn't it amazing how some people just live off on another planet, they go through life and they're like way off in another universe somewhere. I don't want to suggest that you, Moll, but man, you're just so totally out of touch. 1046 at 560 WM Abuse Alligations Known File Show. This is also in the Aboston Globe this morning. It says Church documents released yesterday show that top officials of the Boston Arts Dice had extensive knowledge of allegations of sexual misconduct by several priests who were allowed to remain in active ministry despite complaints that he is far back as the 1960s. Now what was that? You're killing people in the building. Good. And some of them are gay. The documents nearly a thousand, and not only that, but some of them are stupid. The documents nearly a thousand pages of personnel records turned over to the family of an alleged victim of the Reverend Paul R. A family and record order provide evidence that Cardinal Bernard F. Law was directly involved in the reassignment of two accused priests. Even though he said in the store a sworn testimony last month that he customarily delegated those decisions as abordinates. In one case, the documents released yesterday show law decided that his own 1993 policy for dealing with priest accused of sexual misconduct would not be applied retroactively to a popular Quincy, Quincy, I'm sorry. Quincy passed the accused of sexual misconduct whom law later promoted to area of vicar with oversight of 19 parishes. In another law recommended publicly explaining the out-of-state transfer of a priest accused of sexual misconduct by saying that he had no previous knowledge of accusations against him, a statement questioned by one of law's own bishops. The records which cover the careers of 10 priest accused of sexual misconduct also provide, the first documentary evidence that the practice of moving accused thirdly from parish to parish dates to the late Cardinal Richard Cushing. By psychic powers again, George. The late Cardinal Richard Cushing led the arts dices for a quarter of a century till 1971, and approved moving at least two priests in the new parishes during the 1960s despite allegations of sexual misconduct. Rod McLean Jr. the lawyer representing the family of Gregory Ford will led to his he was mussed by Shanley in the 80s, said he asked for the records on the 10 priest to read but laws April assertion that Shanley's continuing ministry during the 90s was attributable to inadequate record keeping. The fours are suing law containing that he was negligent in a supervision of Shanley. These records on these 10 priest show there were substantial record keeping, like he said. He's also trying to show that laws actions in supervising Shanley who was arrested last month in charges of raping a child are not covered by the doctrine of charitable immunity, which could limit the liability of church officials on the arts dices and clergy sexual abuse cases to 20 grand. We're trying to show that there was a pattern of conduct to read but the assertion of the arts dices that they were at all times acting in furtherance of charitable purpose, MacLean said the charitable purpose of the arts dices is not furthered by putting admitted child molesters into parishes particularly when parishers aren't told. Laws warned that position in the four cases continuing today and Friday in undisphosed location and in undisphosed location. How do you like that? Where he'll be safe. Yeah, where he'll be safe. I hear it's Louise in the Bronx. I hear it's Brigham's ice cream parlor. Right over there and Kenmore Square. MacLean's request for personal records cover the revins. Well, of course, I want a bunch of names. MacLean's also said on Friday, the arts dices to turn over personal records and all priest. No no no, because the sexual misconduct. We now want all those records MacLean said adding that the request would include the files of approximately 90 priest whose names were referred to law enforcement authorities earlier this year. By church officials responded, they clergy sex abuse crashes that erupted in January. The Reverend Christopher J. Coin in arts diacis and spokesman said that a news conference that he had not reviewed the documents on the 10 priest, attempted to place the action to church officials regarding those priest and historical context. It's partly protective culture of the church that was in existence at the time that sought to not only protect children and their families, but at the same time try to protect the church, try to protect the priesthood. Coin said, right. None of the 10 priest whose records were released yesterday are assigned to parishes, although one Graham was pulled from act of ministry only last February. And allegations of sex abuse against all of them along with the council and some of their alleged victims have been described in previous news accounts. But the records provide new details supporting those accounts and show that several of the priests were allowed to work as parish priests even though top officials knew they had been accused of sexual misconduct. Three of them allegedly went on a molest scores of other young people, scores of other young people. And in FOMNIA is what this is. Remember what they talked about in the godfather about letting drugs and where kids are in the neighborhood, he said that's it in FOMNIA. And that's exactly what this is a freaking in FOMNIA, Mr. Mr. and Mrs. Catlick out there in the USA, when you're going to do something about it, when you're going to stop subsidizing and perpetrating this sick twisted thing. And just like Norm said, when he woke up a few days ago, there's nothing worse than having a sick twisted infected thing. That's right. He said it was twisting it. Well, by the way, shows almost over there in FTL anybody here? No, no, he said the show sucks. That's what he said. It said the show sucks. But he's making a good money for it, more power to him. Get him off our ass. Although George might have to iron pretty soon. I think you ought to like file a harassment suit against this place. Sounds good to me. Been picked on to call all kinds of names. Stupid. Treated like crap for all these weeks over, over. How much a silly like grade school crap. That's the thing that bothers me about the shenanigans that are going on here about the last month. It's all like a bunch of kindergarten crap. Like kids in a sandbox. Goes to show that even when you get into your late 60s, you still can't do sometimes, although I have said it's awful at this little improvement that sometimes people go through a second childhood. They refer it back to their childhood origins again. That explains that diaper thing I never understood. Right. That's exactly right. And the bag thing too. So all you people out there that are wondering what's going on in this radio station. There are a lot of other people wondering the same thing. And by the way, there are many people running around a hallways here who aren't quite so stupid as some people think. That's right. Some people think that they're full of those people. In fact, those folks who think that they're full of anybody. Probably do a better mouth shut. Keep an eye on your mouth shut. Keep an eye on your mouth shut. Because there are a lot of people that like George and like me and like this program in this building as a matter of fact, most of them because they know that this is the god they meal ticket for this radio station. And if anybody thinks that I'm going to be intimidated, I made a bad mistake, but of course, Norma can't should be partly responsible for that for being such a pussy. For putting up with that crap being talked into like back and off, There's no battle or few going on on my part. I'm just doing the NeoWouder show. That's all. Like I've always done. And I will continue doing. That's just the way it is. It's a radio show. You explain that right to somebody's face. And they just aren't capable of understanding that. And how did you get it me off on this tangent again, man? Uh, yes, you did it because you're stupid right. I was just busy here talking about Catholic priest and Cardinal Law and Cardinal Cushing. And Miriam Tolin? Things like that. Francis, oh here? That guy that called yesterday with that Floyd Venable stuff. He does that every time. Every time, about like every four or five years. Every time I mentioned some harness name from the past because of him. And then the one time he actually played the tape of me talking about. Remember that from Zeta? For you people out there that saved tapes from like when I was on a Zidian years ago in different stations. Get a life. Get a freak while I forgot what you live. I'm sorry. That's probably the highlight of the resistance. It seemed to me. 272 votes on our freaking pole today, man. On NeoWouder's.com. Which of these are you most interested in? I don't care about any of them. 82. Baseball 69. Hockey 59. Soccer 25. Cockbites 23. The British Monarchy 8 and women's basketball only 6. Only 6 people on this pole are willing to shield an a hernietic way for Ron Roffstein and that Diekrap that he puts out there pretending it's a form of basketball. Nobody cares Ron. Nobody cares. In a manner how many free plugs you get on this radio station? The fact of the matter is, trust me when I tell you. It's a law of diminishing return. I mean when you got all these sporting events, you got like 4,000 and 5,000 and 7,000 people showing up. I'll say this much for the Panthers and I can't say too much. And at new building of ours out there, four of the five years we've been in there haven't even made the playoffs. It's been an embarrassment. It's been humiliating. It's been degrading. But did we ever have like 4,000 people for a game in that joint? No. And we ever even have 4,000 people in the old Miami arena? No. We did not ever. Ever. Never. It would be scandalous. And of course if we ever did some people on this station would go on here and say, see, nobody cares about hockey hockey sucks. That's what they would say. But the fact of the matter is we usually have our 11, 12, 13, 15,000 people in there. Even for a crap team like these last two seasons, a crap team that a lot of people wouldn't go if you paid them to go. Not because hockey's not a wonderful deciding sport, but because of the fact that product is crap, the prices are very, very high. And the ambiance and all that great either with a bunch of plastic assholes under cell phones. But it's better that we still get our usual like 13, 14, 15, 16,000 people out there. As opposed to these other bogus so-called, see, this whole business, I 20 long time ago, this would all come to a head. I know my head, Mr. Let me tell you right now. It was all coming to a head. Like with the baseball strike that's coming up in August, you'll say that'll be at that'll be the end. All these jackasses making, 13 and 15 and 20 and 25 million dollars a year. Who can ever get enough? Always wine and an crying. Guys who couldn't have made the goddamn Rochester Redwing 30 years ago, guys that are like 180, 2 hitters that are out of, now make it like a million and a half dollars a year. For going out there and scratching or jogs traps. Who the hell are they kidding? And keep j gooseen up those ticket prices and gooseen it up and beg in for Billus Moore stadiums and build us this and do this, you know, polycraft, public tired of it, they're burnt out. They rather gross smoke some dope. Lot cheaper out there to that. This dashed your children, hook you up to something. 5, 6, 7, 0, and I know there's some people like to jerk, hook your job. In fact, old sparky up there, we're not doing much with that these days, now that they, you know, kind of outlawed that. Let's get old sparky up there. I know somebody loved this strap you in. And probably pull this witch. You can look at generator up to an exercise cycle. Excellent idea. He could probably use the exercise too. 1056 at 560 WQAM. Hey, here's the guy at exercise at all the time and while he's on his bike, right now around he's got his little black sack from ballads for life on the sack too now. On the back pack, Jeff Cohen at PizzaLoft. PizzaLoft Jeff is the master when it comes to put money over on the public. I mean to give you great delicious food. That's right. He gives you big, big portions, everything is fresh and delicious the way you love it. The prices continue to be amazingly tiny at the PizzaLoft, which is why they're doing a landoff as business. Every Monday at the Loth, it's LaZang United, two days egg plant night. By one of these dinners on these nights, you get the second dinner for only five bucks. Every Wednesday, like tonight, it's kids night at the Loth, kids eat free with adults, and they can see Jeff's famous magician, keep an eye on him, by the way. Every Thursday is black night at the Loth, come on a motorcycle by one dinner, get the second one for act price. They got the best garlic rolls in the world, three different kinds of great pizza. All your Italian favorites, chicken dishes and meal and seafood, calzone, super subs, and lots more. Don't forget the brand new pizzaLoft out by me in plantation. Sunrise and knob hill right there behind Walgreens. Hey, hey, Marcie, I'll see you later, sweetheart. I think I thought she said my prescriptions were free this time, and she said that. Oh, something like that. Anyway, pizzaLoft, you'll find them on university, drabbetry, Griffin in 595, next to Nova Southeastern, Navy, Kitty Quarter, the Armadolka, Faye right behind Pirwan imports. And like I said, the brand new would open at the end of the summer in plantation. For takeout delivery in catering, call pizzaLoft at 9504, 9168880, 954, 9168880, pizzaLoft not the fastest or the cheapest, but. Min, chocolate chip ice cream. Agriculture department scientists say they have made a major stride toward developing an allergy-free rubber. Alright. Up-turned-pull is coming around. Let's go, launches, play to the down. Let's watch it through. So round, down, in my land, down as we yell. Hi, hope, we yell. Hi, hope. I say, I'm so excited because it's my hope. So, if you want it's plus and I don't go mess around. Can you wait to get down? Look out now. For the boat, we're scumming around. Got now, the boat is scumming around. Look out now. For the boat, we're scumming around. Meal down. Good. When you get there better, where we down into those things we get hairy. Everyone knows it's very scary. Better say I hail, merry, when you come. Bye. Hope you get by. Hope, please say, I do the big guy and the sky. Hope the damn butterfly and the sky. Who lives far in a catch, who lives, who lives. Hope you say there's a man's. Can you chew, who lives, all get off, but a grass. Can you chew, who lives, all get off, but a grass. Can you chew, who lives, all get off, but a grass. Real fast. Oh, we're fine. Don't know why he's saying hello. And he's shaking hands with his throat. Everyone knows about cast-robe. Who shall run the asshole and they say, why? Hope, don't be a dope. I think he should be swinging from a tight rope. So when you get to Cuba now, go, be stupid now. When you meet with Budell, tell that asshole then. He's going to help you. Yes, all you are going to tell that asshole then. He's going to help you. Farewell. You're not the only part. You're not the only part. You're the only part. You're the only part. You're the only part. Oh, who cut the cheese? It's 11.04.56. You're welcome. Did he say that the Pope would not be stupid? Something like that is what I heard. Well, too late. And this guy, and this old, old, frail creature. He's like, slump it around. He can't even keep his head up. He's like a breath away from death at any moment. And there's a lot of the same stupid ignorant people out there. A lot of the same stupid people. Brain washed masses continue, you know, kissing his asses. Man who's living in a stone and then let me just tell you again, people literally, hey, bop, bop, on golla baby. They don't bother with him. He's not fooling them for one second. Although he does manage doing a great job of repressing them, but that's because he's got the inside with the carabinerie. Probably his console, Yuri from Nevada, is in charge of that. Anyway. Oh, and this is very important thing. I know you didn't like to store it about to broccoli because you don't like broccoli. And I almost choked on some broccoli the very next day. See? Well, I don't think I'll be choked on full-lic acid tomorrow, but I could because I do take it every day. If the pill for you enough, it's not. By the way, if you want to get some good full-lic acid, sundown makes a great product called high-pholic, and that's got full-lic acid with plus on the B vitamins in the right balance. That's great for getting your home all-level down. Homocysteine. And more and more smartdoctors. Now, not dumb. Not dumb doctors. Not brainwash cardiologists to obsess with your cholesterol. But more and more smartdoctors, just like Dr. McColley, whatever his name was, called him and whatever. Now, seriously, remember that he was the one to turn me out of that whole homocysteine thing. That's the important thing, as far as an indicator of heart disease, et cetera. Your home all-level. What are you taking in there right now? These are the girls' vitamins. I steal them. Yeah, but what are they like? Multivitamin and also vitamin C. Forget about vitamin C. Well, what's the... I'm everything. It's a one-day. I'm going to day is not what I'm talking about. You're such a schmuck. You know, I'm beginning to think that most got to pull your little stupid. You know, how many milligrams of what? It's got... How many micrograms of phoaloc acid? You won't have milligrams of 100. How much? 400. That's not bad. And what? How many it's a top it says? Each so many tablets contain all of the following. One tablet, two, how many? One tablet. Really? That's not bad. And it's got the B-Zener, like B3 and B6 and B12? Show enough. There you go. Well, that can't be too bad. Anyway, the reason I've passed this along, I'm begging you to listen to this even though you don't want to, because you might choke on your broccoli. CBS News reports, over the last 10 years, phoaloc acid has developed the reputation as something of a Wonder Vitamin, a simple way to prevent devastating birth defects. How often are you in a position to be able to say take this simple vitamin, and this horrible, birth defect will largely go away, said Dr. Nancy Green, medical director of the March of Dimes. But reports CBS News correspondent, Elizabeth Caliban, the organization that devoted self to the Livering healthy babies is delivering disturbing news about phoaloc acid. The majority of American women who should be taking it are not. Only about a third of women of child-bearing age take phoaloc acid before their pregnancy, phoaloc acid is a v-vitamin that's crucial for healthy development of the brain in spine. Taking before becoming pregnant just 400 micrograms that they can reduce birth defects known as neural tube defects by 70%. So when George has his next baby now, he keeps popping at phoaloc acid. He won't have to worry about any possible birth defects. Phoaloc acid next time he's going to have his own. Because there's something to building to him to go. himself. Phoaloc acid occurs naturally in fruits and leafy green vegetables. The government even puts it in breakfast cereals and breads, but experts say that's not enough. And that all women interested in having children even in the future should be taking a phoaloc acid supplement. Men, many women don't. And not only this, it's not just a thing for women. Trust me what I tell you. It's extremely important for every human being to get a lot of phoaloc acid in your system because it keeps that homocysteine level down. And homocysteine you find in meat. If you're vegetarian, probably don't need as much. I don't know. Because if you're vegetarian, you're eating more fruits and leafy, you're green leafy vegetables. Presumably and choking on your broccoli. But if you eat a lot of meat, put a lot of meat in your mouth like some other rest of us. You need that phoaloc acid. You get that homo level down. First time I had that homocysteine test with it was my level of 16. Not good. Little bit too high, not terrible, but not good. What's it supposed to be? Under 10. Oh. And last time I had that thing was like eight. Got it down as far as six. Perfect ideal from what I read in Dr. McColle, Colkan, Michael Jackson's book was like, I don't know, five or six would be the lowest. But like six are eight or like is great. Six are eight is great. Folic acid. Let me say again, sundown makes phoaloc acid. Is this fax machine broken or not? Because I noticed that I went on before it. It said, because I printed stuff out on there, but I'm talking about the line. How do I think any faxes came over on that today? It shouldn't be out because it said err or something. What does it say now? It says ready. Okay. Then it's working. It says ready when you are. Maybe they just have nothing to do with it because I know it's on the phone. They should have nothing to say. You know, I could go into a long thing. In fact, when I come back from the break, I'm just going to mention a few more things that really frost my ass about phoalcalls over the years on this show. People that think is really an interesting phoalcalls or what talk show, at least to this one, that are not like those vagus people for example. Oh, the pain. 9 minutes after 11 at 5.60. WKOM got the mad dog Jim Manich of one. We got Hank from the Belmont in New York at 3. Pre-games of Marlon on Dec at 60 Marlon at the Philly 705. Any K after Marlon's baseball, Joe and Mark the dirty boys, the dirty glam, while one of many way overnight to the six in the morning. The weather starting to get really unbelievably hot again. Summer storms and the possibility of hurricanes follows soon. So get yourself prepared for a major storm, which this year they say more are coming in usual. And discover what thousands of people have done to protect their homes, call all weather systems. All weather systems has been in business for over 15 years in the race, state license, FEMA project impact contractor. All weather systems carries the new state of the artcheterless impact resistant windows and French doors too. No one's certainly a rugby shutters to ruin luck of your home and convenience. I'm not even having to put up heavy fly-waters storm panels at all. All weather systems offers a hundred percent on secured bank financing with no payments for 90 days and payments as low as just 69 bucks a month. The impact resistant windows and French doors have insulated glass, which saves you energy reduces outside noises and the non-breakable glass helps keep out criminals and burglars as well. All weather systems also manufacture a full line of accordion style shutters, electric roll ups and hurricane panels too. And all weather systems are called today, save yourself the headache of putting up shutters, protect your family from storms and crime and keep your house looking beautiful and energy efficient at the same time. Call all weather systems toll-free, 1-800-728-5126. That's 1-800-728-5126. They provide home protection of the highest quality with service reliability and professionalism. Second, nobody know where. Call all weather today and please tell them that Neil told you call all weather systems toll-free. It's 1-800-728-828. They insane, you know I picked in my pants. Oh shit, you made it! You tasted one of this which we're your 560s. You, yeah. Little talker, or ditty cockers. Don't like all the hard burn. Don't go, don't go, every time I see. Don't go, don't go, don't go. That free-tart in him which. Don't go, don't go, don't go. My TV. He's president of the show. Repout the kids muscle in and in our kitchen and hide it. I don't know why they won't want to die, but no he's here. First comes the next four years. With president of the show. He's a little bit... Oh what I can do, go, don't go, don't go, don't go. And get to we all voted for. Oh, why? If you want this, don't go, don't go. If it's drumming stupidity. Don't go, don't go. And this drum get rich here. Don't go, don't go, easy then. Lumber them me. He's president of the show. You don't care what it is. You got him in by hook or cross the Christian road. No one's less of you and I will help the fear. We've got a great leader here. With president of the show. You just did what? Just a dick with it? Maybe our facts machines are going to work now. Go ahead and send us a facts. Send us some cryptic note or something. 305 6500198. See, I'm sitting here. I just have a feel of it. I'm not even looking at it and I can feel it. That facts machine. Can you feel it? No. No. So we took our full look at us during the break and feel a hell of love better right now. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon line. Why don't you give them these numbers out? You know, because then we might actually get some calls. WQAM. Yeah, hi Neil. Yes sir. Okay. Listen, I heard you a couple days ago mentioned rock radio in the old like 20 year old K102 and She. Yeah. I thought that was pretty cool that people remember after all those years. Did you know that she is actually an internet station on the internet local at cheesilyrockarold.com. No, I did not know that. Yeah, and it's a really cool. And there's a facts coming over to machine. I'm sorry, go ahead. I got excited. That's funny. By the way, George does an excellent job when you're not around. He's okay. Yeah, he feels the time. That's for sure. Yeah, he kills us in four hours of it. He's kind of stupid, but other net is all right. Can I just ask you, I used to listen to you years ago. What happened to Glenn Hill? Dead. Oh, my gosh. Well, I mean, you know, I could be around a portion and give a big build up. But he did. He did. I'm a couple years ago. Sorry to hear that. We are two. Yeah. All right. Well, thanks. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. You're alive in local. Thanks a lot. Okay. Live in local. What does that mean? And guess what? By the way, I'm not in the South Florida, I'm in Toronto. How do you like that? All you schmucks out there. Oh, I'm the old's here. That's where I'll be at the track tonight. I'll see. But I mean, what difference does it make? It just live in local. And it says where the F is the justice department. The can there's our good close friend, Ken Maldon, who just brought us in a bulletin. It says where we're going. I'll go home now. Thank you, Ken. What does it say? It's a fact. Apparently when they couldn't get through on that one. They said I see. Well, thank you, Ken. There's a great gentleman in a scholar. Ken Maldon. I'm over those good old days at the Biscayne kennel club. Man, those were the days, Ken. He knows it. I know it. When we had some white people in this town. Where the F is the justice department with this Catholic church. It says I tune in the norm. Ken show when you played because I got high. He was talking about you and Howard David. Please don't take calls as Chris. He was talking about me and Howard David. Who? Hey, that's totally inappropriate. My attorneys on the air talking about me and Howard David. Absolutely inappropriate. Get your own material. Normally, you're only doing one stick an hour a day. You jack as you faggot. You silly person. You you cike. You mucky bastard. What's wrong with you anyway, man? I hope your goddamn testicle swells up again. Just for a few minutes just to get your nervous. God. Talking about me and how are that's kind of stupid. If he asked me. I think the fact machine probably knew we were going to get a facts about norma. Can't. Thanks, Chris. Let's see. Asked to help priest allegedly abused. Are we already had this one already had that sort of. Thank you long time ago. Oh, you we've been all over this thing like stick on mo. Make no mistake about that. There I see. I don't know. I see you looking. Believe me, it's not going to last. It's not like this is going to be some kind of a. You notice how quick I broke the habit up there. I didn't ever want to give the phone number again. And you know, unless I was ready to do. Can you enter the 17 votes on our survey today? Which of these are you, which of these are you most interested in? None of them. Don't care about any of 93. Baseball 83. hockey 69. Soccer 29. Cockfights 27. The British Monarchy 10. And women's backs at ball. Ells soul. Six. Sace. Very weak. Very, very weak. And when people come on this radio station. They start promoting things. You just raise one eyebrow and say, I wonder what that. That's all about. Well, you know, people like to promote crap for their buddies. Just the way things work in a word. You know, you smear my hand and I'll smear you smear your. I'll smear your smear your. I'll smear on you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT and T in Verizon. I might take some calls over the Christmas mommy to. I don't know. It kind of a perverse way. I'm enjoying it a little bit, you know? Did just just a little taste. It's like being back in town for a few days. Don't want to overdo it. And they probably came back for five days. Two of those of course a weekend. Saturday Sunday and then Monday through Wednesday. And here in June, I'm doing again. We'll be doing that again till October. Because once I get back here in October, I'm going to be here a long time. See, that's a smart way to do it. November, December, January, February. Anybody want to be like in that horrible weather in a. No. And of course, nobody wants to be here in June, July and August in most of September either do they. When it's 114 degrees in the shade. And you'll notice we're already getting a real good start on. Oh yeah. Now, get back to what I promised I was going to say. A little instruction for in case we were decide to take calls again after this moment. One of the things that really, well, many of the things. But the first of all, Mad Dog does one thing right. Right. There's many things right. But when he says every day on as far as the calls, because he doesn't do guests, he does strictly calls. Have a point get to it. And that's right. Of course they don't, but nevertheless, but he tries to get into doing that. That's his philosophy. And that's exactly what it's all about when you call it top show. Have a point get to it. What are you calling for? What do you want to say? Not. Oh, gee, you know, have a wonderful trip. And I really enjoyed your for last one. That's great. The boring is what it is. I mean, you know, it's just, it's just, Asclooking, it's boring. I mean, George thinks asclooking is something other than boring, but I want to get into that. I'll save that for tomorrow for him. Facts just coming in, baby. Yeah. Look at that. And then the other thing that business about, and it's only an example. Only an example. But it's such a sad commentary on what a horse ball town is. People are calling me up over the years. If I had a thousand dollars for it, they'll never call it about Vegas. I could be terrible. I could go to Vegas to have a great time anyway. Oh, yeah. You were so right. We took your advice and went to Vegas now at a great time. Wow. Wow. You know what that is? Stupid. Right. Like it took Neil Rogers to tell somebody that Vegas is a swing place in a great time. Can be head by all. See, that's the problem when you live in such a perocule place where you have a bunch of retards who don't go anywhere. Anybody I would say over the age of 21 who makes a few bucks. Now, like you've been out there, when you go to the MGM grand, for example. I'll do you never been to the MGM grand, have you? We stayed there the one trip. Oh, that's right. The second time took us two days to get out of there. When you go to the MGM grand, you see all these living and breathing people like from my would say the age of 21 to 110. I mean, there may be some people under 21, but that out let them worry about checking IDs for as gambling. But the fact of the matter is that anybody over the age of 21 who isn't like working for like a buck 50 an hour. That's what I'm talking about. A lot of people at 21, they're already married. They got a girlfriend, a boyfriend or a boyfriend or whatever they got. And they go out there and they have a great time. It's just nothing revealing about that. There's nothing revolutionary about that. And then to come back and say, oh, you were right. We went out there and stayed at the, you know, and then of course I always get sucked in that we're just they always stayed at the Aladdin. It was really great. Yeah, I'll good. That's boring. It's crap. I, you know, I've only got these last 75 years on that contract. I'm not going to like waste my time. What's a boring cause like that? Or what's a good hotel in Amsterdam? Neal, how about the, you know, one with rooms in a bathroom be good, you know? Four walls in a bath would be excellent. A bed, you couldn't hurt either. Or maybe hang out on one of those youth hostels. Bring your sleeping bag. You know, kind of an extra large one that will fill a couple of extra people in it. And the hang out of the youth hostel. They have communal showers in those things. Don't they? I would assume so if they have any. Yeah. And by the way, speaking of that, youth hostel is okay, but south Florida hostel is not okay. They're spelled differently. So when you go there leave your hostel attitude in town and cut the crap. Oh, yeah. Where's the good place to stay and make it? Where's the good McDonald's out there? Do you ever eat at that crap burger? What's in there in that place? Is it what a burger? You got me? I don't even know what telling him. And I don't call it telling me, I don't want to know. Because I'm never going to go there anyway. I don't call it a burger joints. I'm other made her a millis famous ground brown yesterday for lunch and with an amount of moments I was in there making a brown. That's right. That was my going away meal before October. Millis brown brown brown. Tell me the same stories that she stole the eight million times already, but you know, she means well. She just came to help herself. Nice doctor, mom. I don't you know, I'm before I leave. I think I should give the name of that place on the ear. To think that they sent me over and I'm not because I'm such a big shot, but just, you know, just like an ordinary human being although like you said, I had to kind of a crappy shirt on yesterday, but I didn't wear that shirt that day. How about this shirt? It's still sent you to the free clinic. Yeah, how about what you're wearing at a QAM T shirt? They wouldn't even let you in the free clinic when I teach her it on. He works for QAM. Oh, look at this. Here's the little tiny handwriting. Guess what? Not going to waste our time with the camera. Right in the circular file. Said it to both backspacesheans by the way. Right in the circular file. He's Peter now. I saw it at the bottom of the page. Peter, Jerry, Steve, blow out your ass. Smuck. Stop picking on your co-workers. Yeah, pick on this. Go pick your nose. Puts. Boy, an amazing. The same little scrolling handwriting with instructions of how to do the show and what to say and what to do and what to do and what to blow it out your ass. Smuck. I think I just said that, didn't I? Good. 26 after 11 at 5.60, WQAM. Hey, let me tell you if you want to look as good as the beast. And he got on the scale this morning, 254. Oh! He started this thing. Let me take a look. Ah, oh crap. Oh, see this. Uh, started this thing with 284. I know that was the number. Right on. On three, 15. So that's March 15th April May. So it's two and a half months. He's lost 30 pounds. Nice. God beast. And he's even got like a shiny ball spot. Now, you notice that? His head is gotten shiny. He's like an lucky guy. Got some sun. Pink and healthy now. He said it was pink. He hasn't found it. Yeah, but he thinks it's pink. Anyway, if you want to lose the way to like the beast is doing like how and you know something. I'm not going to be here long enough to lose weight on it, but they were very kind of me and the balance for life people. But I thought the little black sack right to the house last night in the night before it set up and so on. And there's really good stuff in here. What was the one thing I had that was out of the last night I had eggful young with ham and the spinach. They make really good eggful young. Oh, my God. You just pop it at the thing in a microwave and keep in mind, no frozen food. You don't have to go out and buy any foods because every day they bring in your little black sack by six o'clock in the morning. In that sack are three delicious homo-only bounce gourmet meals. Two delicious next, even a sixty-nounce bottle water. And this is the intelligent way to lose weight because like I said, you don't have to count calories or carbs or do any shopping at all. The balance for life people bring it right to your door. It's all based on the principles of the zone by Dr. Barry Sears. And like I always tell you, it's a complicated diet to figure out, but they do all the figuring for you. All they do is prepare the delicious food and you just eat it pop it in your post. They even let you choose between two alternatives for each meal at your on a program every day. So getting shape for summer starting right now called balance for life and lose weight. The delicious easy way call this number nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or check out their website at www.balanceforlife.com. I give you my personal guarantee if you stick with the program you look even. You as one and pepper grow to know the hammer starting at three today on sports when you're five sixty. You weigh yeah. What table and rate me I'm taking the pill or should try cycles. Me too. Me too. And you know when you take a correct way it's over ninety nine percent. So there's no worry about getting pregnant. That's a relief. Barry, what's with your voice? It's kind of deep. I don't know just recently. Ever since I started taking the pill. Is that an atom's apple? Either that or I got goiter and believe me. I kind of hope it's goiter. Is that a mustache? Oh no. I just shaved it five minutes ago. I'm freaking saskoo. No, I'm French. What's with that bullet in your pants? I have no idea. But it's easier to pee. What's with the package? What do you have 18 nuts in it? You know, you're just trying to hurt my feelings. I'm still sensitive. You're alright. Thank you. Number thirty two five sixty. WCM. How the hell did that come up on there? Is that the wrong disc in a wrong job thing? I think? I don't know. It wasn't what you meant to play. Not even close. In fact, this is number twenty three and it's supposed to be disc 18. Wow. How do you like that? Apologize for being really stupid. Oh, I guess that was okay. Yeah, that was fine. Wrong disc though. Sorry folks. Shannon had to tell him that I could align and said, what I sure was great. What is it? What was it now when I wanted? Level thirty two with five sixty. WCM. I got the mad dog. Jim managed coming up on one o'clock. That's a mildly interesting. It's certainly not as interesting as hey, we had a good time at Vegas. I'm serious. You people got to go somewhere. Go somewhere. Rob a bank. Do you know, go a print up some funny money like what's his name's kid? Who was that? Oh, that was our new mayor in Miami. What else is his name? But you ought to know he's one of your people. I don't live in Miami. Many deas. Yeah, I guess. Well, what do you mean you guess? I forgot all. It was his son that was pretty counterfeit money. He said, oh, well, he didn't mean nothing by you know. All those things. You know, D.A. Listen, when your mayor of a city that's got a bad budget shortfall and you're like, to grasp it around to find a couple of nickels to rub together, it's good to have a kid that knows how to print up some good looking funny money. Cameron detects when he designs. Speak of that. Finding a fugitive already texting the potential for a fire in Davey Florida will become easier, thanks to three thermal imaging cameras recently acquired by the police department in Davey. The cameras from Raytheon company are mounted directly above the lights on police cruisers, inside the car is a 5.1 inch flat screen for viewing. A joystick is located next to the screen enabling the officer to move the camera 360 degrees around as well as an up and down motion set, Lieutenant Gary Killam of the Davey Police Department. Killam said the one patrol car will begin using a camera starting June 3rd which sounds like Monday, two days ago. Well, the other two hitting the road shortly thereafter, the cost is about 7 grand per unit and the police department funded the purchase of the three cameras with help from a law enforcement block ran of about 21 grand. The thermal cameras detect the infrared energy that all objects emit and can see things just as well during the day or night. Just like kind of like Clark Kent. You know something? You didn't miss that last night, did you? Very upset. It was pretty good. Was it? Which one was it? Invisible man and visible woman whatever it was. Somebody found some goop you put it on you it turns you invisible. Really? No I didn't see it. Something happened that I didn't see the ending. I forgot all about it. I was in Berlin in a hockey game last night and I forgot all about it. Anyway, such a tool is many law enforcement and safety uses in Davia, a role community within the forelaw of what papers is in, obviously not local. It's who knows, FCW.com. It says for instance, in the police officers and finding people are hiding or blocked from view in foliage, and officers also can use the camera and high speed pursuits at night because they generated by the vehicle's engine. The camera also can detect potential hotspots where a fire could start, thus preventing a catastrophe and catastrophe. The camera will pick up images that the naked eye cannot see, Killam said, for instance, if a man were to be hiding in the bushes and the camera was directed toward his body, the camera would pick up the image and project a glow on the screen during the heat generated from his body. It didn't see a small deal last night and I'm very upset about it. Oh, it was a pretty good hockey game. The not-staff until 430 this morning to watch the USB Portugal in the Osaka game because I don't care about it. I don't care which country is playing. I don't care of a craft. It's boring. It's terminal and not going to get sucked up on all of that hype. Just like to me, it's exactly the same as that garbage about the, you know, the figure skating in Olympics. Same thing. There isn't one person in this audience who's got their head on stream whenever watch figure skating, and yet when your Olympics was on, oh my gosh, did you see this? They got ripped off and the Russian guy's got, you know. Stop being so malleable, stop being such a whim, stop being such a bunch of, uh, lemmings of nebishes being let around by the nose, whatever the government, whatever the media tells you you're supposed to get all excited about, you can all whip up to a frenzy about it. Stop already enough. Look at that, now one call ring on the board, now we're getting, thank you very much. I appreciate that. 345 votes on a poll, which in these do you, uh, five hour, you most interested? Do we have one woman called today? No. No, did not have one woman. Is that sad or what? I'm going away until October the, about the 14th or whatever October. Nothing I won't be on here, but I won't be here. And there's not one woman in this audience who cares enough to send her very even her mediocorist, forget about her very best, her very breast. That's, that's, that's the same. No change, same old crap. Disgusting, nauseating, cold, hateful, hostile, WQAM. Hi, I'm so angry with anybody called in yesterday when Neil was talking about the mob boss that you to walk around town in this robe. No, they never got told us who it was. I know that is, I was wondering if Neil's still wondering, no, no, no, no. Yeah, what's his name? That's Vincent, uh, Chicagoanthee. Right. His nickname was the Chin. They need the Chin. They need the Chin, you know, he was just putting jail a couple years ago. Yeah, something on A and E about that. Yeah, he's like the last of the old school bosses to get put away. Okay, thanks a lot, pal. All right. They need the Chin. Yeah, I'm just saw that just done with a bill Curtis, which I used to like bill Curtis until he became such a legend in his own mind. If you know what I mean, what's fat boy doing there? Is that fat boy I saw wandering over there in the course? Who's like a propping with self up against the wall? Five, six, seven. Oh, that's right. Five boys getting ready for the bigger parents at the happy hour at the threshold and five to seven this afternoon with George and the Book of Brian and Miguel. Treasure Island north of 1, 20 seconds, three on the east side of the Pomegranate. They have our usual QM crappy prizes because we got no budgeting way of thing good. And Jeff, I'm giving out free lap dances. It says he likes to do a little spin on his cane. Huh, little airplanes spin on the old can sounds interesting to me, which is the most dangerous weapon he's got. Believe me. 21 till noon at 5.60 W to QAM. Don't forget go to Treasure Island this afternoon. You might get lucky, you're out. Squared, square, whatever. Okay. Maybe Book of Brian, let you wear his so that nice hair piece that he's got. You know, even though we have crappy prizes occasionally, like the Budweiser people are treasure island themselves comes up with some t-shirts when they can. Yeah. So it's always worth it. Well, I tell you what they want. What's we got our fax machine working here? The fact is started pouring into a plot where it's like almost enough to drive you nuts. When you shop for quality, footwear, selection and professional service are important to everybody with feet. But the bottom line of course is price. That's what separates the men from the goiom. At brand issues you find the biggest selection of men's and women choose the best service anywhere in town and the best price in the universe period. Top quality names were not the word where we're talking about like rock ports, S.A.S. Spirory, Timberland naturalizer and lots more. And with their big fat selection chances are you're never going to hear, sorry. We don't have that style in your size. They'll fit you up with exactly what you're looking for right there on the spot. And you'll find Brandeys at 1290 North Federal Highway in Pablo Beach. They're open daily 9 to 9 Sundays 10 to 5. So when it comes to selection and price, this is the place you want to be fitting up your feet. And all this week at Brandeys is the right tag. Yes it is. It's a stir-wide clearance sale going on right now. And I speak great savings and all famous brands. Look for the red labels only this week. Hey honey, got money for you. Oh, when you take them to the back and you can buy with you. For the hand job, hand job, hand job, hand job, that man gets him job. Hey, got those launching laces. I'm gonna hold it down like a tuna face. Hey, get up a big roll of his fat. You don't need to buy the spell because you can't wear it that. Hey, got up a big roll of his fat. What's worth? There's a hand-off lifting fat guy. She know how to make a ball with pride. That man she's two the showers and all. Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh. We've more in the ages of getting my g on the power. Hand job, hand job, hand job, hand job. That man gets me in job, oh. Yeah. 1145 at 560 WQAM. Here's a facts from Richard and Coral Springs. It says it's a tiff me all these years to realize that you are absolutely correct sir when you say that people in South Florida absolutely know clue or care about hockey. While I must care a little bit because 76 out of our 100 out of 352 what percent is that 21 and a half percent. So they care about it they just don't understand it. As an e-trader who's proud of the fact that he grew up at hockey town with the right wings I've been a season ticket owner of the path is for years not only do people not know what's going on with games but I'm flustered and finally frustrated to try to talk to neighbors co-workers and the like about hockey itself. Here we are in a Stanley Cup finals and it's sad not to be able to discuss the wings with the NHL with anyone. The NHL appears not to even be a factor here and you are. Absolutely correct sir. There's no excuse for the retards here when it comes to lack of knowledge on anything in sports other than to know which Cuban ball players have defected to the US. Is that difficult for people to support sports in his fly by night town? hockey's perhaps the single most wonderful sport in the world but these people are seemingly wouldn't know hockey from their collective but holes. It's a see this guy's extra upset because his team got the beat last night. Sorry about that the dick I'm not for Caroline anyway I'm kind of neutral. Hey Carolina after they squeaked by my beliefs with some greasy wins in there overtime not too happy about that. It's a sad commentary on South Florida when people are so ignorant not to care about anything else other than what's happening in Cuba or how to make up noxious remarks to anyone others who disagree with them. God how I hated here. I do profusely apologize to you for not believing in you sooner right Richard and Carl Springs. Well there you go Richard get on a bus and get out of here baby it's all I can tell you. This place blows to the end of the universe it's the aint as you can smell it. You can actually open up your window and smell it. Smell a creeping death but have a nice weekend in paradise everybody. Oh god. Why does he say that? Stupid. That's he Todd and Hollywood facts is me about the honk if you want to free Jeff sticker holding up traffic etc. I'm sure in the street by your house did you see those? No. Oh. Well I'm glad you missed him. We don't need to be putting out any Jeff stickers okay in fact the Democratic Party is just going to advocate they're going to concede the next election. We're going down it's got a great calm in the New York Times as usual and as always she has a warden here which I'm really not sure how you pronounce. This is the second facts that I got the first one didn't come over right so I didn't read it because it was a paragraph sentence I was screwed up. So thank you whoever sent me the second one. Marine dab in the New York Times rights. I feel better now because now I know that when the pressure was on when lives around the line the CIA and FBI can pick up intelligence to annihilate the enemy. The only problem is their enemy is each other. The two counterterrorism agencies separated by the Potomacant devote themselves entirely to homeland defense they're too busy ripping each other apart leak for leak in their own homeland civil war. President Bush went to the National Security Agency in Maryland yesterday a place so secret it is known as no such agency and tried to reassure Americans that he was on top of things. In terms of whether or not the FBI and the CIA were communicating properly you said I think it is clear that they weren't and now we've addressed that issue. Oh really? George 10th of CIA director and Bob Mueller of the FBI have come into the Oval Office and promised to play nicely together in the spy school yard. Meanwhile however their subordinates are lobbying cherry bombs at each other in the press. The CIA FBI rivalry known as the wedge began when Jayad Gerohover the cross-dressing turf Nazi tried to fight off attempts to create the CIA a new agency of super spies out of the World War II OSS. As Mark Reedling author of the wedge secret war between the FBI and CIA has written the division of labor and deforendendomestic intelligence was never workable since spies, cross borders. Richard Helms the former director of the CIA compared it to cutting a man down the middle. There was also a culture clash between a proletarian meeting Patena's gum shoes from Forty-Minotor Dam in the worldly wasps of Langley who sat around a Georgetown dinner parties with pictures of martes talking art and plotting the overthrow of inconvenient third world potentates. Nowadays these stereotypes have faded since the CIA is full of cautious desktocies whose idea of globe-protting is jumping into the SUV for run to target. The clich is now finally flipped at the top. Mr. Tenet was born in Queens the son of Greek immigrants and Roberts won Miller the turret Princeton 66 is so ivy that his agents mockingly refer to him as Bobby three sticks. At first and after the terrorist breeze through our thirty billion dollar year intelligence system on 911 both agencies felt vulnerable. So in an unprecedented spasm of cooperation to kept each other's missteps to themselves. But there here's the word I don't uh I know what it means, politics, pollpalitis. Okay, I don't know like a Frenchian other their politeness was by the one rival in King Total War. If you have more in I love her but she always has to use one word in there's we have to look up to source where stupid. In the fact of the matter is we admit it okay we are stupid. The FBI was pounded over the Phoenix memo then came to bombshell memo by the FBI special agent Colleen Rowney accusing Mr. Mueller and others in headquarters of circling the wagons after 911. Finally the FBI got tired of being battered in sick of Mr. Tenet's coziness with a president and decided to spread around the blame. Its fingerprints were clearly all over this week's newsweek which had the cover line, the 911 terrorist the CIA should have caught. The reports said that in early 2000 in Malaysia the CIA had been tracking two of the terrorists to a later flying to the Pentagon but didn't notify the FBI or the INS about the men who would then come to California using their real names and listing themselves in the phone book. The FBI prepared a detailed chart where somehow found the hands of Newsweek's Michael Isakov showing how it could have uncovered the 911 plot of it known about the hijackers sooner. The CIA struck back Monday telling reporters that it briefed two FBI officials on one of the men meeting in Kuala Lumpur and that the CIA had the email to prove it. The FBI some senators noted Dryle Yesterney had time to wiretap an Orleans brothel for 13 months with 10 agents. So Congress points fingers at the CIA and the FBI and the CIA and the FBI points fingers at each other. And hoping to distract attention from their own flaws the agents point fingers had been lot of beenlawed in the sociator they say was a 911 mastermind and large in Pakistan or someplace else. He's already on the FBI most wanted list so now he must be on the most desperately wanted list and al Qaeda laughs. Right some marine dot and herald and the uh herald my ass nearer times today. Yeah we're doing it baby. Wave those flags. You wanna say you wanna say baby we're doing it. We're on top of it. Do we have any idea where any of these bastards are? No no. And how about that article I read a few days ago about the business out they got them like in a country club down there at Gitmo because they're afraid of the you know all the amissie or national people and all the other finger porters so they're down there like you know probably feeding them shatah brionne though if that's on their diet. 359 votes on a poll today pretty heavy duty response which these are the most interested in. I don't care about any of them 102 baseball 96 hockey 76 soccer 35 cockfight 31 that's one Miguel voted for the British Monarchy 12 and women's basketball seven. And just as I said I've seen him two days and was a little bit much. Now you let's do a wiggit home today I hope. Don't be wearing that wiggit treasure island okay. Some of the guys might start putting a move on you. 560 50 50 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. I mean we'll take a few more calls between now and one more we got to lose you know after this. Hey I'm going to Vegas near guinea ideas and we're going to place to go. WQAM. Good morning. Yes. How are you? Is this meal? Yes it is. I'm a woman who cares to send her very best. What year is the only one? And I know I'm not. Yes you are. Everybody just too busy on that. How is he doing what? I'm working probably. Uh-huh. Working working. I'm in this view going back to Toronto that's where I'm from. Really? Yes but I'm also from Holland so I'm double jealous. Wow. Wow. So I love listening to you. I love you not taking calls because that's the worst part of your whole show. Yeah they're killer. Yep. Okay thanks. You're welcome. Putzines. Putzines. Oh she's here we're going to say to teens by side. Do we? Hey, by the way do we be true and not? Remember that? Remember that big headline in Chicago, Tribune? Do we watch them yesterday? I mean 1848. No you don't remember because you weren't even born yet. You weren't even an idea. You weren't even on a rubber raft yet. WQAM. 560560 pound 560 on a AT&T. And Verizon Wireless line is so good to be back in here briefly because you know what it's briefly that you're getting out very fast. WQAM. I'm from here. How you doing my friend? Okay. I'm from now this is a whole year about to get a degree in accounting and want to get the hell out of here. Is there any way you could tell me how can I get dual citizenship in Canada? Are you the guy that sent me this facts? Oh yeah. Yeah. But you need dual citizenship before. You don't have to have dual citizenship? No you don't. No. What does go up to Canada and that's it? Are you mean if you're going to work up there? Yeah. I have no idea how the work side will work up there so I haven't got any idea. Yeah. 4. Okay. He's on his way though. Yeah sounds like he's way on his way way out there. Oh God. This is great. These calls are great. This is why I can't back here for it. I bond with a sound photo audience. The share to squeeze it. God. This guy facts me the same thing twice the guy that just called. But if anybody wants to tell them how that works, I don't know. I have no idea how that works. Because if you're going to work up there, you don't have to become a citizen by I guess you have to get a visa and a discover card. If you're going to like have an income up there. I don't know. I don't want to know. Nobody QAM. WQAM. Hello. Yes. Talk to me. Speaking. I know. I wanted to just let you know that the women audience is still out there in the city. Uh-huh. And we wanted to make sure you went off to your vacation with a big goodbye from us. And we are competing trying to get in with the morons that are calling in with all the other comments. The extremely is crappy. So please understand, is that like we don't want to call, but every time we call us, either busy or some moron is already on the phone. So have a great trip and I do love the new format by the way. Good. Just want to let you know. Please keep it up. It's wonderful. You're keeping the so-and-form with so little time that we have on our hands is, you know, women. We have not only the work, but we also have the home. We have a lot more. We have less time to maybe keep ourselves up to date on the information and you're doing just a wonderful job in doing that. Okay. Thanks. We don't have a great day. Bye-bye. Four minutes to Luna, five, sixty. WKM, I tell you one thing. Someone at food at Delights. I'll make you sh**. A boy sure is good, you know. Well, that's pity, Lenny. Okay. Don't blame the people at Delights for that. Blame him for bringing me that crap in all the time. It's loaded with it. In fact, the good news is now that a lot of the new products with the introduction of Splenda. The night products have dropped the sweeteners that were bad on your stomach and making it. Keep running up and down at hallway. Like I did yesterday, three or I packed four. Did I do a number four yesterday? Yeah, I did number four yesterday. Thanks to PD Lenny. But anyway, go to Delights and I'll hook you up with a lot of good stuff. That won't get you doing that. You can still lose all the weight you need with all kinds of great delicious products. Delights carries the biggest selection of bakery products like pancake mix, breads, cookies, cheesecakes, brownies, muffins, and clears. And Delights also carries low carbon sugar free products like pasta, sauces, ketchup, crackers, candy, champion light, chocolate and their famous carbohydrate ice cream. Head to Delights of West Boca. You can actually try the products before you buy them. Taste anything in the store for free before you whip out the wallet. The non-table staff at Delights will put you on the right path to getting skinny, getting in shape. So call 1-877 low carb or check out their website at lowcarb.com. And of course you probably want to visit the store. That's a smart thing to do. On the Northeast corner of Blades, Road and 441 in Boca. And please tell me that PD Lenny sent you by. Delights of West Boca, your official adkins retail. That's your bright faunie at the Chida Hallen Del Beach. This is Howard David. When I take my field in, I listen to the Nil Rajis 12th No One Hour, not George, because he's stupid. Well Jimmie and Danny and Danny tini tini Danny We've hungStar's from Miramar Hello Yeah Jimmy and Danny Jimmy and Danny Jimmy and Danny Jimmy and Danny Jimmy and Danny Jimmy and Danny David Wadley Jimmy and Danny Jimmy and Danny Jimmy and Danny Jimmy and Danny Jimmy and Danny, after this word from value alums apartments Wherever you're potten comes with it's own fridge A$1.5-60 WCM It's a big new to one hour Oh, that's some good stuff coming on a tax machine And it makes me realize that Why should I be wasting my tempting phone calls No more phone calls today And certainly not in front I judged him out of the whos wearing his Mobs are hat now You're going to wear that at the Turns around today? Yeah, I think I shall That's a beautiful thing It's sharp If you start wearing a hat like that around here You might not take so much crap from certain people in this place anymore They might start having to take you a little more serious When they look at that big black hat Pretty big Yeah I'm George's head Anyway, before I get to the good stuff here some stuff From Paul he says nice to have you back in town Thank you for winning us about tomorrow's broadcast I won't be so upset at 9 now Ha ha ha ha Oh, what are your fans, George? Got the crap, Paul, okay? Guys under a lot of pressure He can't help but that he's stupid Or is he other one? A lot of cover all the big army, our chronic facts are I've been disappointed not here from big army while I was here Does Ron Rossing get to go into the locker room while the players are Showering and dressing he asked There might be something good about women's basketball After all, or to be a piece of soap I guess big army hasn't seen those basketball players I hear some other one that says why do you put up with these assholes? Dick you articles, they're more entertaining than the callers Keep up the good work and get out of this hell hole and you are I'm so lonely correct or man or whatever you are And I will Here's another one that says it can't believe that people away 10 to 15 minutes on hold just to say Ma DeColon or Fag or whatever It just goes to show that everyone likes your show They might not agree with anything you say But we like to show in your honesty I guess we're all just jealous that you're getting out of this Schmidt hole full of these assholes or as the callers put in Ma DeColonies have a great several Missy he see well have a great summer yourself Okay, although if you're here good luck you Now in the village voice today, Nat Hentoff writes Will God set the curriculum your taxes for church schools question mark In Cleveland tax pair monies being used to fund Catholic masses Protestant Bible study instruction the practice of Islam That taxed I see these are a couple of Bleeps from other articles and A course the important first amendment case to Supreme Court will soon decide Will the constitutional separation of church and state will be largely dismantled The case is on versus Simon Harris Concers in Ohio program in which Twenty to hundred fifty dollars in public tax money is given in the form of Outers called scholarships to mainly low income Cleveland families Many of them black to remove their children from failing public schools Private schools including religious schools In the case before the Supreme Court 99.4% of the children using these vouchers are going to religious schools Voucher funds are available to suburban public schools But those schools have declined them making the Secler debate on a statement by James Madness not through the first amendment Religion flourishes in greater purity without without Then with the aid of government We must respect the rightful authority to which governments are limited by the essential Distinction between civil and religious functions Or as Thomas Jefferson called this distinction a wall between church and state An issue is the first amendments command in the establishment clause that there should be no law Respecting the establishment of religion when respect to whether public money to religious schools Violates the establishment clause the Supreme Court had previously set up a three-pronged test Any such law must have a secular purpose must need the advanced nor inhibited religion and cannot involve excessive Entanglement of government and religion Other arguments that have been made forward against public money for religious schools are not constitutional arguments For example the charge that using tax dollars for such schools will take away badly needed funds for public schools On the other hand many black parents claim that when the public schools fail their children Vouchers of the only chance for a decent education they have left These debates however are not the court this case These Supreme Court will decide whether the Cleveland voucher plane and others in place are planned around the country Advanced religion and also in takeover government with religion The court will also rule on whether there is no violation of the establishment clause If the voucher money does not go directly to the religious schools, but is paid to the parents who then make a free and independent choice to use that money for a private religious school February 20th or arguments were held before the Supreme Court the Bush Ashcroft Administration which firmly supports the Cleveland voucher program Said it's top gun solicitor General Charles Olson to defend it. He has often and effectively argued before the court Just as San Rudeo Conorrastal some other the voucher program makes any effort to make sure that the money that ends up in the Perocule schools is not used for religious training No Olson said but he quickly added that the government is not putting its thumb on the scales and favor of religion Because the parents make a genuinely independent private choice And I've been arguing for the other side that day I would have shown the court this during advice of the two parents who want to use vouchers from a Lutheran school in Cleveland It is highly inconsistent for any parents to send a child to this school if they are not living a Christian life or willing to learn how to lead such a life And are not supporting part of a congregation through worship and sharing of time and talents Jews Muslims atheist and agnostic need not apply to this school however genuinely independent their choice to send their kids with public money to a religious school I have the mission statements of other schools in the Cleveland program and you can decide for yourself a public money going to these schools advances religion and entangles the state with religion The state Rocco school handbook says that education there was designed to make faith become living conscious and active through the light of instruction and that religious truths and values permeate the whole atmosphere of the school The state John nodding him Lutheran school handbook states that the one cardinal objective of education to which all of his point is to develop devotion to God about our creator redeemer and sanctifier The cavalry center of academy handbook requires students to pledge allegiance to the Christian flag I even know there was a Christian flag did you know when you do now Or maybe that's just what they call him or I don't know the cavalry center academy handbook requires students to pledge allegiance to the Christian flag And to the savior for whose kingdom it stands one savior crucified risen and coming again with life and liberty for all who believe in other words that's our guest that's their pledge of allegiance Not only are there three not only are there daily religious classes in those schools, but as the six circuit cut of appeal said in the clearing the Cleveland voucher program unconsetutional These religious schools interweave Christian doctrines with science and language arts classes requiring that all learning takes place in an atmosphere of religious ideals Sir Rudy Giuliani tried mindly to force about your program in New York City became I'm against a New York case committee for public education versus Nyquist 1973 which until now has been into the United States Supreme Court the main ball work against using public money for religious instruction religious schools no matter whether the funds go directly or indirectly to those schools The vote in Zumb in versus Simon Harris will all likely have be five to four with San Rudeo Connor deciding whether to tear down much of what remains of that wall separating church and state to be continued Rights to net hit off in the village voice today kind of chillin chillin kind of scary But that's your president that's this administration baby. That's this crowd of our visitor right wing guy. I'm that's what you got That's what am I no ready wanted and that's what the majority got 8 minutes after noon at 5.60 W QM you've heard me talking a long time about the big one. Oh, but have I ever and now and for sure Once you can have a big one to a big paycheck the demand for certified computer professionals is through the roof. It's astronomical Pick up the phone a call a good people at fast train at 866 fast train Some are classes are forming right now if you call now you can be certified in a new career before summers end Fast train offers Microsoft certified instructors for convenient locations included new candle campus job placement assistance day and evening classes Two for those individuals whose job was affected after 911 fast rains and operation paycheck training provider So call fast train at 866 fast train right now or check them out on the web at fast train dot com They can really and honestly and truly have you certified ready for a brand new money making career and as little as four months So call fast train today and tell that old kneel tourney to call toll free 1 866 City You a yeah God this is Senator Ted Kennedy and I want to talk about one of the most important priorities for America's future cuts in education for every child in America We cannot rebuild and modernize America schools the doors will be closed for many students stupid We ask you the American people to stand with us by letting the president and Congress know there's not one dollar in the budget for Education Democrats asked the president to join with us to keep billions of dollars and 600 billion dollars in new tax breaks for the wealthy Like I said you're welcome. Mom busy here. I got 8,000 facts has come to 2. I don't have time to be punching buttons 1213 at 560 WQM. Hey, here's one that says race ball bill what follows is an essay concerning Superman sex life or lack there Up it comes from a book title all the myriad ways by science fiction author Larry Niven Just thought you might find interesting for Mike. Thank you Mike. Oh, it's got 85 minute pages including the cover 12 pages. Oh, like I said Don't do it Mike. Don't do it Wow Why does he send me all these like the cover page and the front page? Hey Mike. What are you doing Mike? You out of your mind or what? Man of steel woman of clean-ups He's faster than a speeding bullities more powerful on the locomotive. He's able to lead tall buildings in a single bound. Why can't he get a girl? It says At the right pole age of 31 Cal L. Alien Superman Alius Clark can't is still on married almost certainly he's still a virgin This is a serious matter the species itself is in danger and The close on a great length. I'm sure the fact look at that I'm pouring across this thing right out of the waste basket. Thank you very much Mike. Quite wasted my facts paper Why do people do that? What would anybody send you a like 12 pages on some what am I gonna do with it? Maybe wait all the time White my back them god Now here's one of gets right to the point it says 223 year old California filmmakers told the Las Vegas review journal that is a really may It's old about 10,000 copies of their bum fights video Which entertains viewers with real fist fights and dangerous stunts willingly engaged in by actual homeless people many of them intoxicated on Las Vegas's streets Some participants in the video is a realistic portrayal of their violent everyday existence and the two filmmakers Ray Latisha and Thai Beeson Professor Pity for their subjects by subtitling the video cause for concern And they sold 10,000 copies in 1995 each that sounds like cause for concern. Oh, yes me where can we get ours? I don't know, but I'm sure concern sure beats that other bum fight. We're gonna see or some of us stupid I'm sure not gonna see it. Here's a facts from Ian who says I met you about three years ago with the least Panthers game down south I'll see all this is from Richmond Hill. It's from up north a All right, I listen you quite often on the internet. I'm a harness horse owner their races most of my stock at Mohawk woodbind and the odd stake horse Race south of the border you had member couple horses. I owned Oivey bites him Vias mirror Oio etc Yes, I do when in Toronto give me a call be undertaker on the back stretch introduces some of the top drivers and trainers says Ian Thank you, Ian. I'm gonna keep keep this maybe I'll go back there maybe get some tips Huh maybe get into a fist fight with Randy Wapels. I'm just kidding about that Ian Randy Wapels is the best in the world baby For my money to give them a real they job them over there course I don't know all the details, but he's the best one at big half many $1 a month you'll see him a drawman Saturday and I just gone Randy anyway All the way is ugly Here's an article by Bruno Shapiro in the LA weekly in fact I have two I don't know which one to choose you know There's one funny York observer which one is the least long Because they're both about the same topic about the sticking it to John Ashcroff which sounds really good to me I guess Bruno Shapiro in LA weekly In guiding Ashcroff for bumming before and after 9.11 it says remember John Ashcroff he used to be attorney general Of course I've crossed silaky pices office at the Department of Justice But in recent weeks, the formerly a ubiquitous AG mad dog scourge of civil libertarians has become the Bush administration's invisible man With each new revelation about who knew what both before and after September 11 the buckstops with the stirring frequency and Ashcroff's desk The result the attorney general suddenly laborers under a self-evident gag order asked crossed last appearance on Capitol Hill was made third In the week since as one cabinet officer after another rice-chany rumsfeld has taken turns on Sunday talk show is to warn of new terrorist threats Askcroff has been nowhere to be found on the airways He emerged this week just long enough to announce a massive ramping up of the FBI's anti terrorist efforts The plan centralizes the 30 under the very washed and officials most responsible for these September 11 failures and seems unlikely to stop the questions If the circling sharks are not quite showing their teeth you can least see the fins on May 21 Leaders of the House and Senate Intelligence Communities emerged from meeting with Askcroff depressed their inquiries in the management Leadership failures in the run up to September 11 inquiries that askcroff just Department of Anaciduralies Assiduously resisting one of my favorite words Assiduously don't you love that word? What does it mean? Hard Report is asked about these suppressed memo from Phoenix FBI agent Ken Williams warning about the possible al Qaeda members in ruled and flight schools and went askcroff knew about it All of these are relevant questions replied and obviously frustrated Senator Bobby Graham He sent it intelligence committee chairman one of Askcroff's usual allies Republican Senator Richard Shelby described the Phoenix memo as Explosive very relevant information that we will get into as our inquiry continues a clear signal that even Senator Republicans are ready to resist any stonewalling The Askcroff apparently learned of the Phoenix memo just days after September 11th and ever bothered to tell his boss is by itself enough For the White House to put him on ice But the scandal on Askcroff's watch is much deeper start with the fact that the agencies whose bureaucracy stumbled most spectacularly the FBI and the INS report directly to the attorney general true both were right with problems that predate the bush administration But Askcroff took off as promising to clean the stables and instead He presided over some of the most scandalous and deadly bureaucratic misjudgments in American history from last summer's active suppression of FBI investigations in Arizona and Minneapolis to those late fall student visas granted to the deceased hijackers In the immediate aftermath of 911 it was easy to blame red tape But increasingly Askcroff's basic judgment is the issue It was asked Croft to insist on unnamed Robert Mueller or Justice bureaucrat on the first president bush as the new director of the FBI It was asked Croft to keep the embarrassing news of agent William Sphenix memo from going to the president or to Congress It was asked Croft to in the autumn took the 911 investigation away from one U.S. attorney in the country with experience and success prosecuting Al Qaeda married to white New York and gave it to the same justice department that we now know had bungled earlier inquiries Senators are suddenly remembering that back in November was asked Croft who would have paired Deference to the sensibilities of the NRA refused to use the federal government's gun owner registry in his terrorism investigation The latest leak a 6,000 word letter to FBI director Mueller from Minneapolis FBI agent and council Colleen Rally published by Time magazine comes close to directly implicating as Croft and a cover up Rally charges Washington with consistently almost deliberately thwarting the Minneapolis FBI agents efforts to Investigate Zacharias, Missawi last summer what's more is agent Rally a 21 year veteran of the FBI After 911 the department adjusted circled the wagons to protect the FBI from embarrassment and relevant FBI officials from a scrutiny with the highest ranking officials lying to Congress The deepest scandal is that after September as Croft consistently misled both Congress and the public about the reforms needed to prevent another attack The attacks happened we were repeatedly told because the FBI and the CIA were hamstrung by liberal reformers back in the 70s What was needed said as Croft were sweeping new powers to spy to jail to interrogate What was needed as Croft told Congress as late as December 12 was enhanced information sharing between intelligence and law enforcement communities Not to mention what asked Croft described as his deliberate campaign of arrest and detention the incarceration without charges of over 1100 immigrants and he excoriated critics like Senator Patrick Lehi By then asked Croft to note for months what the rest of us and only now just finding out that the FBI and adjusted department needed not new powers But new brains It was not excessive restriction on wire tapping the cause justice to drop to ball on Musawi FBI headquarters according to the Rally memo simply refused to provide a warrant to seize the suspects hard drive A warrant perfectly legal under resisting laws It was not liberal reformers who refused to listen to Phoenix agent Ken Williams low-tech survey of flight schools It was not excessive restriction of intelligence agencies that let us cross justice department disregard specific warnings about al-Qaeda suicide flights in general And Musawi in particular from intelligence agencies in Europe and as late as August the Monday Oh, there's a good one Mondanities That which is Monday night. So there you go As late as August who wrote this Bruno Shapiro in the LA weekly hey, Chibro now is late as August the Mondanities of law enforcement might have made a difference on 11 a memo passed up the chain of command and welcome instead of buried A quiet deployment of air marshals more careful scrutiny of the quick and easy visas routine the granted to Saudis The one nation in the world most responsible for funding al-Qaeda and nurturing Islamic fundamentalism Ask Croft in the past to show no gift for personal resurrection so we may survive this crisis But at the moment he's in attorney general running the Department of Justice without the trusted Congress Without the trusted the White House or even the FBI agents in the field the anti-terrorism plan announces weak only deflects attention from that fundamental problem The real stories that the attorney general spent the months after 911 touting high tech Cook and dagger reforms the damage the bill of rights while covering up world class failures of leadership management and cognizance They might have made a real difference no wonder he's on the leash Right Spurunosha, Piro, there you go See while all that flag waving in pseudo patriots is we all got sucked into was going on for a few months in a bumper sticker And all the you know, they were able to do these things, but now that we're starting to find out the real truth Just like the scandal in the church same kind of thing what's the Skab breaks open and the pus starts oozing out The public starts asking to have her questions Here's that story about the goddy bust from the New York post By the way, it's 391 votes on a poll Which of these are the most interested in baseball 109? I don't care about anything 107 hockey 83 soccer 41 Cockfights 32 the British monarchy 12 and women's basketball Seven seven hey Ron Rothstein guess what if it gives a crap about your dickball, okay, baby Better start really pumping heavy at those dick bars because that's the only place you're gonna get any goddamn suckers Coming out there to watch that crap But your lady wrestlers playing basketball Call Anyway, New York post goddy bust The feds broke the Gambino family stranglehold on the Brooklyn water fund yesterday Busting its new dawn Peter gotty and 16 others on charges of shaking down the longshoreman's union Related companies in even action movie star Steven Siga sigo How do you like that? A 68 count in diamond return after three or investigation accuses the older brother of Dapper Don John gotty Two other relatives in 14 other Gambino soldiers and associates of extortion racketeering gambling and loan sharking Peter gotty 62 took over from his ailing brother the zeer represented the Gambino's in a meeting of the commission of the five-year-old crime families Raked in $10,000 a month from the scheme sources said they still have those meetings at the five families huh? How come we don't get invited? Probably good thing we got Joe Costello here his name is in a vowel. Good Italian boy. I got my charges. That is black hat looks just like Luca Brotsie After a balance for life for about 20 years If we only had TV now a few people got see this I am honored and great. I mean if anybody ever truly Look stupid George is the one right now what it had anyway The indictments has gained veto family soldier Primo Casarino was caught on taped threatening a gambler hold him cash You think you can art smart me you see what the is gonna have what the f is gonna happen to you I went to your restaurant last night. I'm gonna grab your mother today And he allegedly told a Brooklyn company owner who bought it storing gambling devices when I tell you something you do What I tell you you hear me if you don't like it let me know now. I'll come there and throw you through the window Brooklyn US attorney Alan Vine grad said when it comes to the water front the greedy grip of organized crime knows no bounds But he added the tide is turning the indictments says the defendants use threats of force violence and fear to win control of Brooklyn and Staten Island chapters of the international longshoreman's union Once in control the indictments says they plotted to take over the presidency of the entire 85,000 member union They also allegedly awarded a lucrative union contract for prescription drugs to a mob controlled company collecting a $400,000 kickback the indictment also accuses the Gambino associate Julius Nassoy former business partner of sigal I've tried to resort hundreds of thousands of dollars from an individual in the film industry Authorities would not name the individual but sources said it was Stephen sigal Nassosuits ago for 60 million dollars in march accusing him of re-nigging on a deal to appear in Four pictures Prosecutors said in fact that Nassos demanded the actor pay the crime family a hundred and fifty grand for each movie A key figure in the extortion scheme is Kim Gambino couple Anthony Sunni Chikone a former top official of ILA local 1814 who was barred from taking part in union affairs 1991 effort racketeering conviction But the indictments said Chikone continued to oversee the family's interest in the ILA with a help of mob associate Frank Reds scallow as well as the president locally teen 14 in the vice president of the ILA The Gambino and Genovacy families have divided up New York City waterfront the Gambino's taking Brooklyn and Stanton Island and the Genovacy family taking Manhattan and Jersey the fed say How do you like that I love the names yeah me too and everybody's got a nickname. Do you want a nickname join them off? you know Like mold scoop it something like that 26 past noon at 560 WQAM on a great Wednesday man It's almost over gommeless feeling the easing of the pain you know I'm talking about Thinking of painting your home a business. Don't do it. Don't paint protect your investment with liquid ceramic Liquid ceramic the technology born in Nassus face program is available right now in South Florida Liquid ceramic is the most advanced exterior slash interior and roof coating available You too can have the same high-tech ceramic technology that shields the space shuttle protecting your home or your building and you'll never have to paint it again That's correct Liquid ceramic is guaranteed for as long as you own your home or building so forget about repeating every few years or ever again Liquid ceramic won't fade or peel its guaranteed This day to the art coating yields an R24 insulation equivalency helping you bring down those electric bills Liquid ceramic's available number 1800 different colors check out liquid ceramic today give McCollot 305 3475122 Liquid ceramics been manufactured and sold for over 40 years and now the good news is for you folks It's available right here in South Florida call 305 3475122 that's 305 3475122 or visit them on the net at liquids ceramic dot TV and be sure when you come tell them that old meal Tournament call liquid ceramic at 305 344 Gold Morning from 69 435 Yay In that book I made it clear Who got the magic book? What's other men is where I see you Who got the magic book? At Roger Dahlree I sometimes stand Who got the magic book? I like his walk and I like his hair Who got the magic book? I watch his jeans when he strikes Who got the magic book? I just love his magic book Who got the magic book? When we're on tour I just hope Who got the magic book? You lose his grip and drop the soul Who got the magic book? I see my life from you Can't have it What's his name? I think he's going to go on a building now Make a few people and offer they can't refuse If you ask me Doug Montero writes in the New York Post today This is more of a New York State thing As far as the historic concert of the scandal Never less it fits right in The proposed state law requiring clerics to report changes The charges of sexual abuse to law enforcement Is on life support and extremely critical condition And a mental hospital otherwise known as the state capital The doctors we paid to operate on this crucial issue Can't agree on two different yet similar mandatory reporting bills And as a good chance and agreed upon proposal Won't even reach the Senate and Assembly Floors By June 20th when the session ends Each side blames the other each side lament its eventual death Yet no one seems gained to roll up their sleeves and resuscitate the proposal I think it's too important of a bill for fail to fail for lack of ability to find common ground Since state senators Steven Solan Who introduced a bill requiring complaints to be reported the state shall abuse hotline It would be a horrible failure to have the session end without passing legislation That I assume the governor will readily sign Assemblyman Jack Mac and any of Albany who introduced a version of requires clerics to Directly call their local de-Aze office as he's frustrated I don't know why there's still hang on all that hotline He said describing how the system is already burdened with thousands of household child abuse complaints every year Governor Patakis office which was active in negotiations did not return calls for comment Perhaps because other issues like redistricting or election are more important The US Conference of Catholic Bishop yesterday proposed a series of changes in the way churches handle future pre-sexy abuse allegations like calling the cops The bishops voting these proposals next week but critics don't have much faith in the Catholic hierarchy So the critical condition of the mandatory reporting bills add to that paranoia New York state is still behind the times compared to the rest of the country said Susan Jason and advocate for victims The reason is because of the cozy relationship between the politicians and church hierarchy which is entirely unhealthy for the welfare of children There you go See where we always get kind into believing just after 9.11 Well now all of this cover up of the past all these cozy relationships all that's gonna you know go by the boards Guess what Wrong whether it's the Catholic church scandal or whether it's you know the evil doers out there or all of this other crap They're all too firmly entrench man. It's just if it ever does change it's gonna take a long time and hopefully we'll still be here to see it Here's the facts from Bob who says unfortunately I attended a Christian elementary school Every school morning from the age of five to eleven. I was made to pledge allegiance to the Christian flag I never heard that before before that thing. I know It has taken me years to finally get all of their corrosive indoctrination out of my brain I'll never forgive the people around that school for brainwashing me by the way ex-precious John McLaughlin celebrated her their the show her shows 20th anniversary last week Bye bye, says Bob bye bye Now what was that under I can't find that? What bye bye bye bye. No, the McLaughlin thing. What is that under it? McLaughlin group. How are we but how are we spelling and see y'all Maybe we have like a miss spelling in here or something could be I don't see it in there. I think it's gone You'll have to dittle around to see if I I know we are played it out of here how to how can it be gone? How could that have disappeared? One of the most crucial and important things in a history of mankind. Well, and anyway, good luck your Bob Ladywavita. I love that line of users It's taken me years to finally get all of their corrosive indoctrination out of my brain and that's exactly what it is corrosive indoctrination well put Bob You are Right on it Disappeared out there didn't it it must have well how's that possible? I remember putting it in there Yeah, and I remember playing it out of there. It's unlawster's best out for what it's worth I'm not the I don't have a great pressing need to play that right now. We have better stuff to play I mean we we could you know you spent a lot of time you're looking that up But we got the important things to play like Jesus Christ right stuff like that And we are pizorites in today's New York post defenses. Oh, and by the way speaking of court stories I meant to mention this before you know this sandy ego what that was their name The seven year old girl that was murdered Really? No, no, no really as a five year old girl from date county was disappeared the out there in sandy ego for Christ's Oh, oh the the the the rude the Money the rain and then van damn yeah, God damn thank you Miguel Jesus Christ The van damn that trials going on now. Did you see any of it? No, oh that defense attorney I did see the clip the guy was screaming and yelling me screaming and you know we're smoking No, she's breaking yeah like every normal family Well, what what does that have to do with it? Apparently if you smoke marijuana you deserve to have your kid killed oh And listen Ties right in okay and we applies your rights in today's New York post the fences slimy claim These dope smoke hippies deserve it remember the Carnegie Dellie murders we talked about that and they told the owners They could need the kind of since they one of the Carnegie Dellie massacre trial the defenses Sound of they subtle and deeply offensive theme They seem to suggest that the three people murdered above the Dellie last year had somehow brought the killing upon themselves after all they smoked pot This infuriates a close-knit group of girlfriends of Jennifer's stall one of three executed in the robbery that And then it thieves about 350 bucks in a bag of pot and they're right No one has to die this way no one asks to die this way, but just maybe the victims of the blood bath Should have heated signs that something terrible might happen Barbara Coleman one of Jennifer's closest pals sought coming for two months before the murder She grew afraid of visiting Jennifer's apartment. She calls her anxiety a premonition More likely she could just no longer ignore what no one else in a circle of friends cared to see the people came into the apartment There seemed to be a shift last year Barbara told me yesterday in tears There were these were more hip hop kind of people different from the professionals She dealt with in the music run a timon industry hip hop kind of people Gangsters. I clearly told her I don't feel safe and we talked about it She said I was probably being paranoid because Jennifer trusted people Coleman a 44-year-old theatrical agent is one of Jennifer's loyal girlfriends who attend the trial regularly They're women on either side of 40 who worked in and around showbees most of the adult lives So have tasted success or still believe it's coming musicians dancers on conventional types They gathered in Jennifer's place above the deli record music or just talk and yes Smoked a pot that Jennifer supplemented her income by selling George Hip hop wannabe Sean Sally one of two men charged with the murders before it Calacly the Jennifer in a tape conversation as a hippie hippie the Sally that means week Yesterday Rosemond Dane testified in crushing detail about watching her boyfriend Charles hell Well a hell a well die on the floor the apartment a bullet piercing his head She would have died too as he not jerked her head at the last second But under crossing examination defense lawyer Andrew Katz sounded a strangely accusatory tone Asking her why she came to New York whether she smoked pot and whether she'd had a drink Outside Barbara was adamant it could have been me no one asks to die like this right's Andrea Pyser Today's New York post how do you like that? They were smoking pot so they deserved it say yeah That's you American F and way man And if you have a half a joint that means the next door neighbors allowed to sexually abuse and murder your child Right 21 till 1 at 560 W.M. the man dog will be here at one Some are times here forget about it's coming like later in a month. It's here whether it's official on the calendar or not It's schritson only a month is one part of it'll make you feel your best and keep you in good health even in South Florida Or the heat and humidity make you like feel all washed out all the time Only a month's a soft-tailed capsule that contains pharmaceutical rate olive oil along with vitamins Minerals and urinals to promote healthier prostate for your heart your blood pressure and your cholesterol Only awe it's also got supplements to bring what health in your circulatory system Your digestive endocrine system your skin and bones even for your mind All using the benefits of the best olive oil that money can buy and don't forget Only a month's got products for men and for your ladies out there too Only a month's available at Walgreens right now at Whole Food Market tomorrow pharmacy and sedan Onos it's a stupidest exciting new product. I can do a lot of good So if you'd like to find out more about what it is and how it works and what it does call this number tool free and the answer Roger questions call 1 866 Olio man. That's 1 866 O. L. E. O. M. E. or their products off their website 16 You a yeah, there's no fact in the church Wow You are the man or woman. I won't comment on that matter that would be pending No kidding numerous investigations have been conducted I had another personality I think I was in the room. Yes, I Drone I smoked I did trust you did exactly the right thing Yes, I did anything I could to get sucks that is just a Travesty I'm personally opposed to sex. Yes, put me on all fours. No, it's one of the most horrible acts I think a human being can commit. There's no life correct. I'm gonna go get on. Fine. Take care sir 1244 at 560 maybe she can ever is her running mate for like Lieutenant Governor and hey, huh and Janet I guarantee they get in there that attendance a dark basketball goes zooming up there no question about that at least by appear Anyway, probably kind of a saggy pair Wait in here this story North High Christian school teacher charged with what sexualization chip would student Oh, this is in Wisconsin, no less an Ashkash North High school teacher accused of having an eight month of fear When they then 17 year old male student could spend 10 years in prison of convicted of sexually assaulting the youth Laurie Mosher was charged this week with sexual assault of a student by the school staff Mosher 30 now make an initial appearance July 2nd and Winnebago County circuit court The North High drama in English teacher resigned today after district officials confirmed she had a relationship with a student It was a high school senior at the time the Ashkash school board accepted Mosher's resignation Oh, I see last Wednesday stay except on Friday Mosher to climb camel contacted by the North Western the North Western does not print the names of victims of alleged sex crimes That's like I said pretty boring. I was okay. Thank you boring this is a little more exciting than that Cardinal William Keeler I think was like cousin to what will he T-Ribs number will he Keeler? Oh, yeah Ruby Keeler and Willie Keeler. It's all the same the got some his Bacho Cardinal William Keeler said it was considering asking in the Vatican to defrock that priest who was shot by a man who claimed the priest that abused the me years earlier Remember that story from a few weeks. Yeah, certainly do The announcement yesterday came as Keeler publicly urged the US conference of bishops to an up a zero tolerance policy For priest to face substantial claims of child sex abuse, but as we know now of course They say well you get to dittal once in the past you can abuse one kid net will look the other way The conference of bishops will vote next week on a proposed new policy under the proposal. Pray while we know that Don T Stokes 26 told police he shot the Reverend Maurice J. Blackwell three times. I made 13 Because he'd been abused by Blackwell years earlier Blackwell was removed from the pulpit in 1998 with another alleged victim came forward But he remains a priest the frocking would formally push blackwell out of the priesthood He or met last week with Stokes and said he apologized him for the paniest suffered He also told Stokes he would try to enact the new policy at the bishops conference in Dallas. He's zero tolerance Say first of all to show you the arrogance of these Assholes with their silly outfits The idea that they they should be having a policy of any tolerance is not their call to make it's the law You asshole who the hell are you people to get together and start like making up your own goddamn laws Somebody violates a law like that a civil law you call the authorities you turn their asses over and you let them prosecute. That's the way it works As opposed to well if you only screwed around with one kid in the past, of course We got to find out if it was in the rectum or you're in the rectum you know all whatever We'll we'll look the other way on that we'll give you like a get out of jail free card Without the $200 pretty sad 420 oh changing again 423 votes on a pool which of these are you most interested in? Reasonable to this poll today is because last night or the early this morning our time US upset Portugal in the World Cup in soccer three to two and some people I made a big to do about that And it's amazing to me just like with the marlins it's the same thing on a station I realize that we aren't anywhere near football season yet and is not much going on that anybody cares about in sports but But the fact is that at a time when we had the first game of the Stanley Cup finals in Detroit in hockey town last night and with a gigantic overtime upset by the Huracouans three to two with Ron Francis scoring a winning goal in overtime and a time when something like that is going on This station all I can talk about is soccer nobody cares about soccer. I told you that Except from people have just got off the banana boat and countries where they do care about it, which is most of the rest of the world, but that's still ain't here I mean and I asked a question which of these are you most interested in? I don't care about any of them. 118 baseball one 15 hockey 91 soccer 45 45 10 percent Cockfights 32 even cockfights was almost the outpacing soccer Now I got this because soccer is so boring how about if they had cockfights in it during the soccer games like on a sidelines would be good Huh or in between what do they have period half? Time yeah, and half time would be good Right out there in the field all the contestants can unleash their cock and let them just though, you know go to it British monarchy 14 and women's basketball women's basketball. Oh my god. Guess how many votes this one's God. Yeah, that's it good guess Eight freaking votes for women's basketball for a duckball I guess I better do the breakers. I want to get to remember I told you about the toxic here that we breed Not that I want to leave out any pressing note about the fact that we're oh you hear that See and of course this this is written for CBS news not they didn't even know about the Uranus studio Sounds like a major major lawsuit to me if in fact I say we call OSHA No, and you call them. I'm not gonna be here anyway. You call me rotten like pretty solid ground 10 before one if I just put that black hat back on and say hey, you know, it's right in the AC vents out in here It's place. I'm calling a goddamn OSHA and Luca Brazzi Make regular offer. We can't refuse In fact, I'll give you one one word that well, you know what it is 10 before one at 560 WM. Hey, all you deli lovers out there. You try to sell photos best kept deli secret That's not just another deli. It's brothers an extraordinary place real New York deli style food and service at its best In fact, you know often readness. I'm gonna have to get to the pickle barrel for lunch show next couple of days in Toronto I know I'm just in to move for deli read this The original brothers restaurant have been piling on the corn beef and pistrami and scrumptious brisket on 1000 sandwiches since 1976 there are over stuff sandwiches are so big that who two hands aren't even up to hold them Brothers have got the best homemade soups and salads homemade chocolate or all your favorites and their hands sliced Nova will remind you the lower east side they got a full bakery take out the apartment I guarantee at the Porm time they got great home in touch and two brothers can even cater your next holiday or family gathering So when you're thinking about deli when your Jones is for some really good stuff like a good play to kishki Think of brothers or if you say kishka that's okay, too as in who stole the kishka? They're open every day for breakfast lunch and dinner They have a takeout. You can eat in and of course end the catering corporate functions through visit your brothers at 13 25 South powerline road or call them at 9 5 4 5 9 6 8 get the number right 9 5 4 9 6 8 58 You want to be sure tell me Neil Tony to call the original brothers restaurant 9 5 4 9 6 They want us to find a way The reimbursement for back page Stupid from 200 years ago when they were slaves We now only have a mobile home a Pitbull and a pinch of skull So if you want to ask the how here what I gotta say You've got Jesus yes and bigger good morning You tell him that you started for its labor alone Yes and bigger good morning And that's where everybody who is dead at home If I was born a day to go to It's like saying something I do But what more dead people did to you I have to take the plane Swami says did I was Would you see it all for an old money act? No with a can of smelly cherry in fact It's hit a 40 acres and a new I have a better way You've got to yes and bigger good morning When put on how a parent organ Raymond do Yes and bigger good part And after his nutrition for its life at you Yes and bigger good part okay And Dylan that you started for its labor alone Yeah, got it yes and bigger good morning And that's where everybody who is dead at home 56 at 560 WCM demanded to only four minutes away Yeah, they're not too happy about their one-free pass with this church deal You know we don't get free bank robberies in America but the bishops are basically saying that A predator of children can get away with at least two counts of abuse and the key question here is Who sets the standard for what is a count of abuse is it an arrest is it a conviction or is it just now only the shadow knows? Here's a fast from needle an avatura's got a real good memory. He says you actually made reference to the Christian flag seven years ago There was a meeting of lunatics that included then vice president Danny Boy quail They were all touching to the Christian flag at the Croix Presbyterian church and four-laterno. How do you like that? With a good old Jimmy Kennedy up there probably do a little goose step in The toxic air we breathe. This is not a good thing to be Yeah, I'll go when you got a little That's not an all-ipad? No That's not not like Monday Monday boy. I was heavy duty, but now that I got like the purple and a dark green the Linda blur. I'll shade out of there. It's coming along CBS news reports and at least two thirds of Americans live in areas where toxic chemicals post an elevated cancer risk An EPA analization concludes The findings are contained in a long-awaited EPA assessment of health risks from 32 toxic chemicals the study is based on 1996 emissions data Subjected to several years of internal analization the assessment concludes at the accumulated exposure the various toxic chemicals have been expected to cause 10 additional cancers over lifetime of exposure for every one million people or a 10 in one million cancer risk But thought to by a 10 in a million It's better than a lottery though These risks can be found across virtually the entire country said this study which is reviewed by outside scientists More than 200 million people live in census tracks where they combine upper-bound lifetime cancer risk from these chemical compounds exceeded 10 in a million risks