with the sewer of this place. But I don't welcome back to the dazzling B Spectacle of the Mohawk and the David in his home, where I work very, very hard at it. The provide use with intellectuals, what hole amusement to this? Ah! Yeah, that's it, chocolate donut, tongue out! TOO! This is the big thing when I dropped a bomb. Oh boy, this comes to the bomb! Now, eh, it's my understanding. There's those metal as hobbles down the hall. Don't know who I am, see? They think they got me lit. Well, they did get you ready! Chitchat now! No! No, you gotta do now, both of you. Kits here, yes. Yeah, you go. This is... Which boat? Any other? Now, Kits! OK. All right. Now, where was we? Dropping the bomb, doc! Oh yeah, well, actually, I got two bombs, you see? As I like the golem, little boy and big boy. Just like the bombs that write that all them yipped and slopes. Those bombs think they got one over on me. Why else show them? Tying! All right, here's the poist one. As it turns out, George ain't the only love and named George at this square over here. No, no. You see, he hasn't offended him. Guys named George. Uh-oh! Sure. And when he hit his, I got this from a highly trusted source. Yeah. Give me some fanfare, here's stupidity. I want midday, Fagget friend. Had intimate affair with George, my house, and George later. Yeah? Well, that's it. That's the bomb. Oh. You're so goddamn stupid, you know that. Yeah? Well, you ain't hired nothing yet. OK. Now, here's the big boy. It just so happens how it's time is a very close and personal friend of mine. Yeah. Why, certainly. He's been very strong. He's a curing good man for me. Like that Heather brought on Fox News. Wow, really? May be tell you. She gave me full service. Hot marks on the balls, the wapes. Tell what about how it bow? Huh? How it bow? Don't you know that they're calling that. Tah-ha-ha-ha-ha! Anyway, can I favor for me? Mm-hmm. Is this thing? Is having his team of the correct fit writers? With that crap pattern, that pipe smoker down there? With that rolling comedic style in. Stop! Yeah! Yeah! I guess we're right here. I just think I think started. Roll it. Neil Rodgers and George, part of the big hand, the queer, the spik, and the queer. The spik, and the queer. Let's be ins but China's and the meanness of the society's society's society's society's society's ball. Let's be a little bit higher. He doesn't call his life phone. Let's be in the right position. Let's do the spik on the queer. Let's be in the right position. The guy on his knees is hiding the ball. Honey, ha! That ought to fit there, is? Yeah! What's in you? Gisty has a bone on my ass. That's right. Okay. So move the pants out of the way. That's kind of... Is your punishment done faster? No! 904 at 5.60WM. Happy Wednesday at some day at today we do our big new to one our all comedy but you know the sad part of it is until we discovered the bomb. I had this whole pile of stuff I was going to do today. Yeah. And I don't... I don't know if I'm going to get to any of it to be on the wall. We have so much of the important crap going on you know? HomTaLaRe. Oh my god that's a hiding- Pacceptable, it sounds like bin Sharzen. assume it sounds like bin Sharzen. Bobbie, grain FBI some so much is it's for late swallowed that people probably don't know who is it. Aaahh You know, Klein can't tell them or I can. Eh! We had a hide- If Aurora can't have a popcorn okay we'll see. Ok this song he missed was like bin Sharzen omg it sounds like bin Sharisen licking of fire. I'd like no idea. You know, I like him a lot in the hero gym defeating yes, he's good fire-dade pair and he says was why not just like Dayton Allen used to say why not only Boca Brian remembers that Drop in things like that because nobody else understands it Policy toward eight Cubans could cause friction between Haitians and Cubans. Oh, no see appeals court reverses order favoring two gay boy scout leaders They're out again. There's one of the best columns. It's right up my a chance to go air like it It's in the Boston Globe and who cares? Oh, I love that Auguste Chairman's policy remains man only you know who demand? Who do you know blow fish? Funny arrested and organized crime bus. I got like tons of crap here Catholic activist compiling in a database Listing hundreds of accused priests Tony's family problems from you are a show to sopranos Your buddy James Gendolfini. Yeah, he's got problems a few problems and they did just a pile of stuff here, but you know something first We got to take care of business First let's take care before we talk about La Bamba. You know see I'd be depressed I'd be really depressed. I'd probably go in a corner and suck my thumb Which practice makes perfect but I go into a corner just sit there like for the rest of my life If every single thing that I had up my sleeve Just came flirting out. You know what I mean? Yeah, I know because what that would mean is that I have no trusted confidence I couldn't tell anybody anything without having it leak out all over the place like I like a leaky bag Look at the end of that bit VD pressing to me, but at any rate and let me just say that team I'll even know you're listening to any Bruno right now on a way back up to the book on Hershey highway Lots of accidents around again. We're very sorry Horrible thing there in hell and there yesterday which we had a couple of spy reports as it was happening five people died in that deal Yes, and then there's a couple of other nasty crashes today everybody's all backed up over to place But anyway, if you're on your way back up to Vokan Hershey highway mode the fact that a matter is you got nobody In that building who doesn't have a big lip. There is nothing that you can say in fact if I was you Is I'd keep quite accepting outside and even there? I wouldn't be too sure don't think too loud either Don't think out loud because then it'll get right back into us again, too So the thing with Howard Stern and fact I'm I'm excited about that because first of all I know what the content is all completely gonna be about Tag number two Number two at least it'll spice up to show a little bit Faggin exactly Spick What's your name again agadorn? A Hagadorn is what he said but I thought it was agadorn. I think it's agadorn But he don't know house boy. That's easy to remember. Okay. It's the house boy 984 votes on a poll yesterday 994 like I said oh shit wait a minute we get up to a thousand You think? Okay, yeah, so before so before we give it a results from yesterday because I'd like a nice read around even thousand and the reason we didn't go over a thousand Which been do a lot lately is because there was no more factor on there see the moment We put no one it's always good for a couple of extra votes at least and he's also not on today's poll Oh yeah, so let's But we do have the big bomb story which allowed the cause a lot of curiosity interest around town In fact even some of our middle and upper level management people be excited to know the story behind the story And it makes me think that that promo that we promised that we were gonna be playing again I wouldn't be surprised if we still have that around somewhere in the background Like a no you know end of vault of goodies Yeah I don't see any reason why we shouldn't prepare to be playing that again someday soon not today of course Because we agreed for the time being ought to be playing that Well, he also you know on a future CD somewhere sometime I mean it was a rather unsavory move on a part of the people on Fox Sports radio but nevertheless Here's today's poll before we give you the results look at that I thought it just I thought it'd be fresh. Let me click my thing and see if I got to a thousand yet did yours One moment please one moment please no no Yeah, 1 on mine. See all right whole result. Yes today. What's your take on M&M? He's a no-101 putts 312. I like the purple M&M's best 287. You know something I went out yesterday guess what I bought Purple M&Ms you can't buy purple M&M's in general M&M peanut but the small bag you know the little tiny small ones that is only like a handful in there Which is a bad tease how many of those did you buy a small just one okay, so lamentate well no When you may have been right that woman accoled for the end of the show yesterday She may have been a ringer, but boy she sure was an oh she was a lot by the She was a great ringer That's like science fiction arrogance. That's why I couldn't believe it. I liked it though. Yeah. Yeah. It was great a real schmith to stirber I liked the purple M&Ms best 287 and in my bag of peanut M&Ms There was a purple one. I think didn't taste it just like all the other ones pretty good like a food coloring KM M 156. He's a great talent 127 who 107 see no matter who we put on there's always a bunch of say who that? Who that the movie eight mile blows but I like his music eight and his singing blows but the movie's good for So we have a thousand one votes on that pool here's today's poll question before we get into the details of the Vamba story La Bomba that's coming soon on the Mohour David show Coming soon way colostomy second year you Seeing what to these celebrities makes you want a puke in other words. I'll put you turn on your TV Pretty good list. I would say and I did not put probably wall well on there to make you happy We can't put everybody on there not everybody put the course That's an older thing about all the people all right, but whatever we can't make it personally based on your own Personal styling is okay and why is on the styling so we're hey about regas the house boy Larry King isn't on there He's not Moe he just had him on the other day. You got to mix it up a little bit. Okay quick pick an our old Larry Pretty cities gonna start snapping as the spenders at you just like most snaps as vera close vane's at you in the hallway Just out of anger in like that Seeing way yeah, that's what the Carlos said he said yesterday when he went in there a wave didn't know he just snapped his a vera close vane at him Back in a gesture of defiance Seeing what to these celebrities makes you most water puke Oprah Rosie O'Donnell Rose and bar and I realize she doesn't use the bar anymore like George is gonna be a book son of ants, but just Right that if he hasn't purposes only just so he didn't forget Rose and bar M&M since he's a hot topic and his movie's doing so big Madonna Ooh Jerry Lewis Jerry Lewis my head's blowing up. It's a lady my head's blowing up OJ Simpson since he's such a big fan of the show We had a spy report about him discussing the show at length the other day. That was a great call. Thanks Chris And of course since Chris is our detail guy wonder if he was there Supply on OJ with some Pharmaceuticals and culture of course and culture as a matter of fact speaking of prescription is more people dying That's in your local papers this morning down there more people line up from prescription drugs than from street drugs Here always Like that and culture. Can I go through this list again Oprah Rosie O'Donnell? Rose and bar M&M Madonna Jerry Lewis OJ Simpson and colder Bob Novak Tucker Carlson or Papu cannon And even if you do vote for Papu cannon and I might although I know I don't get sick But I'd just like that show as much as I find him detestable in so many ways I still like that show with him and Bill Prestat's the only hope of MSNBC That's their great great great great very white hope is Bill Prestat and Papu cannon Don't forget this is the big day. It's Wednesday. It's not only up there on this show but join George Booker Brian Miguel was let out of the house tonight Which is shocking maybe she's out of town and Carlos will be there. Do they hope and get lucky? From five to seven at Treasure Island this afternoon there'll be specials on cosmic jelly yellow shots and the two girl act Doos is wild or could that be doosious wild will be performing will try to seven this afternoon at Treasure Island right off the pulmetre North 122nd Street who knows? God only knows what kind of Hanky Panky maybe even sexual activity might be going on there some people hope God forbid From an ats after nine at five sixty this is law bomb a day QAM is always here at first on his show even when it's other people's Fomba sorry about that mold, but they just can't keep a secret on your show everything just slips right out Hey Thanksgiving's coming not that far away at least down there you realize Thanksgiving up here was back in October It was oh, that's already So many over a but it's coming there and Thanksgiving too everyone flucking home to be together again Gathered around the table with delicious homemade food and family traditions after all It's not the turkey that makes the meal special. It's the people I like the stuffing getting ready for the hungry guests can be stressful Especially if they're staying overnight if you're having a house full for Thanksgiving Let Dalam after make your holiday preparations a little easier now is the time to call 1 800 mattress and get that new mattress in before your house guests arrive If they are but he told you they're coming or if you don't hear from them till the night before Dalam actress can still deliver a top quality ceiling service Simmons or Kingcral mattress the very same day I've been sleeping on a Dalam mattress for years and let me tell you they're the best look at what great shape Amen Call Dalam actress right now at 1 800 mattress and talk turkey with a bed and consult the shoes from the very best mattresses And even better prices so rest easy this Thanksgiving knowing that everybody is sleeping comfortably like a baby Get ready for the holidays now by calling 1 800 mattress. That's 1 800 mttr ES for Dalam mattress brand name bed same day service call them now be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight Hey, it's how it's been Don't be a favor. We'll let that law number tank tops Huh if you open a bit closing, let me say the new little that good name It's Kelly show girls club E E All the girls are hot All the two down and I'm to bed and be at them all All the one that I look for what is this show about Meera for the top near as I can figure out for the Now 48 minutes too long I'm not not it does not look in bin and I think he's alive He's great 19 at five 16. What are all these calls about? I haven't even said hello yet. Here's a call from bokeh. Hello Hi Neil, how are you okay? I tried to call Moses morning twice and They hung up on me Um, and I just couldn't get through. I was gonna tell him how that year show You saw me starting to get the transition But I guess he's just another arrogant too. Bethesie. Yeah I really don't know. I thought he was trying to get her but I think he stinks and the guy taking the calls in there. I think he's whipped by moa. Oh, he scared everybody scared I'll use you think he's whipped by moa. You don't understand Those people who work with him on at show they behave the way they do as it means of self preservation Because all I gotta do is look at him cross side or ask one wrong question and they're out of there And I'm not exaggerating by that. That's the way that show operates. It's not fair It's just not fair to anybody and you make the show I let them all those shows because of you and this guy just doesn't get it. Thank you. Thank you Now where did this all come from by the way? I guess we're gonna have like four hours. Which is fine with me? Fine with me. I can just show up here. He's morning. I don't have to read anything I can just be Like it's done more than usual. Which is okay with me But the other bomb that he was talking about last week. We find out because again loose lips synchips is He evidently and probably from his days with Westwood one which were they most of him hate him like poison He knows some of the people with Howard Stern show So some of the comedy people either present or past haven't I layer gonna be doing some Rebuttal bits about me in about the house boy and about this show and whoever else that he's pissed off That which is fine bring it on baby and like that's a way bombshell Bring it on and of course we know how tasteful those will be and that's who who gives a crap Because there's no question in my mind what the content is gonna be no big shocks there. Well, okay Maybe we can hear about the fact that some of our people hang out in strip clubs too. Oh my god and smoke dope and smoke the wicked weed You know, so bring it on but it's really something first he's concerning with the Tony Bruno on The network that's opposite us the other sports station Which is really scandalous when you come right down to it since you know how paranoid Greg is about the other sports station First it was the fan anybody remember them no in that now. Of course it slots would air marginal ratings with their fractions But he's first he's concerning with him and promoting their show and how wonderful it is and now he's Concerting with the Howard is not only opposite us, but he's also opposite him. It's the Howard and Howard show So that evidently and the thing I don't understand is why is it taken so long? See if you're gonna drop a bomb. It's like this thing with a rack. Don't keep telling him you're gonna drop the bomb Go when you're in droppin when he leaves the expected That's the way you do it. You don't say hey, it's coming. It's coming You guys better watch out it's coming all the parties all over y'all y'all y'all Yeah, this is a man who's so totally lacking in any kind of humility or sense of humor that it's tragic It's pathetic. It's embarrassing to me And the fact that nobody in that building and believe me I know for a fact that there been a tense maid has been able to sit this guy down and say hey This is this is a radio show These are all radio shows we're here to have some fun to make some money Don't be so up tight about it So who gives a crap if you got a silly look in wing people are gonna listen to your show based on whether you got a nice hair Piece or not in fact they're like this last guy said more people are gonna listen to the show because the highest way to guide a market It's talking about you all the time But you can't do that anymore than you can call him all because the guy's got an ego bigger than the entire universe So pretty soon it'll be the Howard David show with the Howard Stern comedy bits Which of course is a lot easier playing it in somebody else's voice? Doing these things as opposed to saying it himself that way. He's above the free you do understand that. Don't you I see it would be kind of like if we Disassociated ourselves from all of the book of Brian bits of well, you know, we don't know what that was all about you know And that's what a performing Coleman right instead of orchestrating him and enthusiastically playing them over and over again And anyway It's gonna be great here's Hollywood. Hello Hollywood It's the quiet guy again. I guess I see how about Miami hello John Bob, uh-huh. I knew there had to be a reason for all these calls Here's Orlando hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. I hope this is interesting to you How do you actually he has to read who's like guy on Fox that used to work in the Miami market does even Scott or somebody I haven't got any idea you always talk about him Steve on Scott what is name I have no idea what is Stuart then Stuart All we're fine Stuart Smith or Stuart somebody on Fox never heard him Shea really shepherds myth yeah I'm quite news Fox right yeah Did you hear the whip up in May on the Jennifer Lopez no I did not Somebody out of sound by the film doing it on the air He's talking about that doing a block party and the Bronx for a homecoming for Jennifer Lopez yeah, and he goes gather interested in They're interested in throwing a blow job for Jennifer Lopez I guess that would be pretty outrageous up there in Orlando wouldn't it On Orange Blosson Trail 5 670 560 what are we doing here all of a sudden? I see all these calls coming in here this morning I guess it's because we're taking calls again. You know it I guess don't you think because when I wanted to me yesterday It wasn't like there were a lot of me know and today all of a sudden here's my any hello Yes, sir Neil Yeah, speaking how are you great my friend J over here. We just basically talked to a yacht we're in here at Miami Bay and it's sort of the water's starting to get choppy So we basically came up with something we've figured that since Lenin's and things His name is Jason's and by the way since Lenin's and things were having a fill We're thinking about getting you a couple of white sheets for for the holidays Yeah, it's a really good we could do okay? So uh, but now make sure that make sure they're pink pink lace Got it get it five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T line here's Miami. Hello Hello, Neil. Yes, sir The full foot a day. I'd like to know I've left three people off. Yes William Jefferson and Hillary Rodham Clinton and Edward Moore Kennedy Yeah, I really think that they Well, I don't know why don't we just eliminate all the names we got on there since these are celebrities who are on all the time and Just put all of them credit politicians on there. Would that make you happy? That would make me very very happy So you're okay. What we'll do that for you fine In fact, why don't we just put on there? We're not gonna do it or it but why wouldn't we just put on any Democrat? I think that would work with him. There you go. Okay? See, I think he got a little bit upset when we get the end there had Bob Novak Tucker calls in a pap you came in all like back to back Probably could have put James Carvell on there. That wouldn't have been too bad with a bulb the shiny head Just a glare from the from the ball spot gets me but that's the list. Okay, like it or lump it Man, these people are worked up to a frenzy that that's good. That's the way we like it get these bastards So a little bit on the awake side, which is an easy-ness market I am gonna use that jail oyster the worth the planet jail. Who cares how to great story? Oh, I just leave it a couple of times when I saw that Let's basically even hear it about fast train for a long time and wanted to if it makes sense for you Well, the fans are very simple if you have the dedication fast drink and provide you with an unnecessary train to become a certified computer Professional according to Tom magazine that a man for computer professionals is gonna continue to explode Their average student completes the training and just for sure at months attending school three nights a week Once you get your certification fast train can help you in getting a great high paying That's the part you underline high paying new computer job Fast train invites you to come in and visit our train career council and determine which track is ideal for you? Is it levon on is it Jackson hardest raceway? Is it Cioto downs maybe or maybe Northfield or Northville call fast train toll free at 1-866 fast train To set up your appointment before convenient locations. You'll find him in Kendall in Miami and Pemper Pines and Fort Lauderdale So there's bound to be one nearby you don't forget to ask the career counselor for list of students like yourself or currently in their dream jobs Thanks to the nifty training. They got it fast train if you want to answer all your questions There's no obligation just give them a call at 1-866 fast train That's 1-866 fast train be sure and tell them a Todd recto to call or check them out in the worldwide wicked web if you like it fast train dot com We're supposed to be a five-cy-sour Hey you hey you doing a great show great show. Yeah, that's good Hey, man. Oh, yeah, do you want you to rip that old fig and that's an order? You're sure Don't get question me. I'm a big star see you better to as I say if you want to hit your start of mine Cuz I'm gonna be big and dynamic new Okay, okay What are we gonna do here okay? It's gotta be sports related get my a few people is going here Let me see They got it a co-chinter view. That's it. Yeah, I'll just queue up some greenery music here Hey coach. Yeah, I am the voice of the coach say what's your take on Neil Rogers? Oh, that guy he's not tonight playing all those parts and the nose all the time Yeah, he sure does. Yes. He is not nice and he is To yes, you are right. He is Ha ha ha imagine that a gay guy in an all-sports station Ha ha ha ha ha Okay, now we're gonna do Parrity here. I'll show that book a Brian boy. This is always a good one. There's a good parody staple Yeah, not really starts to rock Wait, I didn't hit the post Bye I got spaghetti on my family. I need more words than ride and that meal Rogers place Farts sound all the time then makes feel not a nice Oh What do you think would have been a lot of easier just to bring back Ron Hershey? I think you'd have been good on it. I'm sure he's not busy right now For some of those great wonderful attendor moments from and you know something the interesting part about it is Bizarre is bad as the show was doing those hectic days back in the beginning of the year Those were the highest numbers at the morning show. I think ever had in a modern history Not the imaginer. Yeah had a giant number Maybe because it was so bad it was canned but was so bad it was good Now right now it's well 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. Don't let me forget about that jello story. Oh, I won that j-blows story I can't help myself he's in Orlando. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello Quick question. Wanna find out are you still doing balance for life and if so how many pounds will be lost? No, I'm not you're not doing it anymore my girlfriend. I started doing it two weeks ago after listening to you guys for a while Talk about it Mm-hmm. So we just wanted to do what's still on it. I never really I never really was on it and all four of them I was I was getting a sack but I was also eating a lot of crap the beast lost about 60 pounds on it Okay, if he still doing it or no? No because they stop bringing in the food No bastards. They just kind of like cut him a drift which I thought was an active insanity on their part but nevertheless Well anyway last question Patience I haven't heard any commentary on passions in a while Well, what is there to say about it? I mean it's still stuck in the same place Antonio's got the bad headaches and for the 4,000 timer gonna tell him that Luis and Sheridan are a number and Yadiyati It just didn't go anywhere. I'll tell you they showed it's really smoke and right now is guiding light Really now that I'm back up here and I can see it between three and four is one of Buffalo affiliate shows that every afternoon and Carman shoots Danny and Danny's shot in the neck and you don't watch that should be yeah, and now But I'm gonna start watching and I'll just slip on and watch a little bit of the time You know now we're kind now I'm going there. It's enough so I don't need to watch anymore So I'm bringing that already but I'll try I'll tell that and see Okay, thanks Friday lights for your intense right now. You can watch passions again in about six months. It won't be going anywhere first of all They changed all the characters. We got a new Gwen. We got a new Chad. We got an ugly new Ethan. We got Timmy died and Just hit the same end Julian went up in a hiding again and we're all supposed to forget the story line about how Julian died in the tune of that Went to hell and about to reach and went down to hell with him and made the deal a Yadiyati We were supposed to forget about that they didn't like the story line So they just assumed the audience forgets it forget about it. Is what it is you following any of this? No good 560 5060 pound 560 I can see it's gonna be a call intensive Wednesday, which is good because between noon and one It's the Wednesday comedy bits are noon to one on hump day How many votes we got the poll is up seeing which of these celebrities makes you most want a puke We apologize to that crusty right wing and a call little while ago that all fart we apologize to you that we didn't put a whole bunch of Democrats on there to make you happy Seeing which of these celebrities make you most want a puke OJ Simpson 21 George voted for you OJ Yes, I did I didn't just wanted to know that the house boy voted for OJ I thought about it rosio Donald 16. I thought about her. I didn't vote for her either I thought that You can't in the line rosan bar seven Madonna six Oprah six and quarter got five guess why the voted for Eminem Tucker Carlson. Oh, oh has three one of those votes is mine I say proudly he makes me nauseous. I'm not sure if it's just him or the bow tie or is disgusting attitude He's an idiot Jerry Lewis three Bob Novak one and Eminem don't have any see how do you like that? He's big Eminem has got the big oh He's big right now. They don't want to be picking on him Now why don't we get this guy and Hollywood back on to make sure that he's really there. Hello Is it the fiction fact morning show? Yes morning guys morning. How are you okay? I got a split vote on your poll. I think Eminem is very talented, but he still makes me want a puke Yeah, I don't know there must be a lot of people that feel that way about him Yeah, I wanted to do I didn't get the entire list of people on your underpulled You have been a little Riley on there. No He's definitely if you can do things. Mm-hmm. Well, I mean we can have like a hundred people on there's no question about that We can't put them all on there. That's true Jerry, I'll tell you kill him you want a who is tag a door? He was the houseboy in the movie bird cage which was the would do we make of like Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, agador yeah agador yeah agador He says he has a gagador because I guess maybe he thinks he runs with a gagador I don't know he just can't get his a can't get it straight agador's part of this. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. All right. Thanks, Neil Okay, I'm a great day. Gee called back for that. Wow. Well, at least he let us know that he was Who is really there before which I'm not so sure is a great idea So you're like a of course remember in the original aquaja fall. What was the houseboy's name? The the dark complex at houseboy. What was his name? Draskin me. You never saw that movie? Sort of Oh, what the hell was his name? Jacob Jacob Jacob You're right. You don't remember that? That's not like one of the teenager the greatest the greatest moment in that movie is when The real screamer is sitting at the table with the wig on nothing like having a bad way that keeps looking off to the side It didn't rain. He's sitting there pretending to be mama and The waste looks off of the sign anyway the Jacob comes in and sees him for the first time I guess it's before that moment when the waste's open, but he sees him for the first time and drops the crap Whatever he's carrying on the tray on the floor and starts in that hysterical high pitch laughter Plus the fact he's walking in those in the shoes. You know in those shoes that are too tight Yes, the fucking about uncle remiss man. That's quite a scene. Well, we don't want to get the what's your name? Heather upset again See, there we go again. He can't stop what those comments. Yeah Here's I can see that this thing but the phone's is very bizarre today, you know I call those people run here most of which went nothing to save but Get out of the way here's Miami. Hello hey This morning on Moshe. You should have I don't know if you were listening, but some one of the colors called up and and said Okay, Goldie good morning and left mode just hanging there and mo of course Deep right in it goes well, I guess he doesn't want to know about me. Yeah Man you guys are so profound it just enough to make me take a big crap in his chair You know what these are some of the most profound calls. I wonder why we had such a plethora of call in the beginning of the show Usually even when I ask for them, it's like you know a couple of here and a couple of there Maybe like pull on teeth unless of course it's about bilingualism. Let's go back to that again No, just a joke. Why we can get that broad a call back to what I call at the end of the show yesterday about how everybody in south Florida should learn to speak Spanish or get there a lot of here She was a real or genreist provocative to us. She was great She can everybody a 90's here for you just to maybe we can never as a regular feature on this show And then we can also have like stuttering we have our own stuttering guy. We can't get stuttering John. He's already doing mode how are you? Who can we have stuttering Stuttering Carlos Take a work on it. Uh-huh or we can get the guy to use to call Joey all the time But the baby, baby, baby, what was that guy's name? I don't know you know what I'm talking about to use to put on the phony stutter. I know what Billy the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the Cookies. Yeah, it was kind of like that. It was very similar. I think he was kin I'm sure that I'm sure the guy with the eyes could tell you. I think he was kin to the guy with the eyes 940 20 tilt Then at five 60. I'll tell you it's gonna get great folks It's gonna get sensational it's gonna be like world more seven forget about bag dad forget about the Iraqis and all this other crap forget about BDI Bob Graham It's gonna be sensational. Can't you smell it? Oh, that's his most bag Howard sperm is recording a Tech comedy bits for Mo against me in the house boy and probably cloudy channel and this one and that one everybody in the world Because it's the world against Mo is basically what the real world's all about you to understand that though Of course I did more against the world other than guilty who of course it's for self preservation purposes There were one ally in a building that this man. I don't understand that I mean I've worked with somebody aluces my time but generally speaking they had even even Joey had his own like a 7th Joey. Yeah, even Joey. Yeah, I don't worry. We're a beside Bill Marshall, but that was he brought him along He was part of the package We all have different lifestyles make no mistake about that And we all need different products to make us feel better feel good All you met Mediterranean formulas or events combinations of pharmaceutical great olive work combined with vitamins Mineral's herbal's other nutrients scientifically decided to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs look for All your meds great tree new formulas One to help you sleep one to help control your weight and co-q 10 I've using the benefits of pharmaceutical great olive oil the best at money can buy Oldie medicine outstanding product that's available at public secrets and log reans if you want to get more info Just call her till free number one eight six six Olio man that's one eight six six six six five three sixty six thirty three can also order products online If you prefer at olio met America dot com and if you visit near the public's and by an olio met product and data Broward you can get you a coupon for a free Larry Coco Bobble had dial Well supplies lands go forget to visit their sampling for a dinner sports night every Sunday with the offensive plane home games and pick up some free Olio med samples and product information at the same time olio med start popping some in your push today Where you fudge back in And it was the first time that I ever paid to score Was she took one look and what was on your mind yours and she left at the thing dinner place And she said that's lame and I ran him shame There goes my last big J Didn't grow even with pork plate Think you may be I should go gay Hey, hey I'm like a five-year-old boy And I'm jealous of another thing in story There goes my last big J Hey Look at this fast you just sent to be here. It says region crammers new book you got screwed About the stock market. Yeah. He's a good one to be talking. He was one of the screws and he put him back on to regained on the gambling channel And it says it's all a giant ass people who foot at all the stocks on the gambling channel. That's why I'm living in a Sears refrigerator box instead of a house is Rick. Sorry about that Rick. Oh, no, dude. You see the real good guy. I'll get you straight now. Does name is miterch He'll straighten you out Anyway, 1947 at 5.60 WQAM I thought that when I saw that tremendous out for didn't you think that there was something that's happening? I've been going on right and it wasn't there wasn't I mean just a plethora of call. I mean just a phenomenal And it was just the usual same cram WQAM Here's Delray Beach. Hello. Hey good morning guys. How are you? Yes, sir, okay? I can't believe with the crap that you put up with Why is that? Let me just say this to you sir as long as those chech keep clear and I don't care. You know, okay, I don't blame him. I'll real quick. I heard you because I unfortunately moved here from New Jersey a few years back and I used to listen to this Howard David character on WIT. Yeah people in New Jersey in New York Philadelphia where they could pick him up. They hated him there every day. I would listen to the show people would call him like that. Then went to you now and literally ripped this guy to shreds And he was an idiot even when people went nice and they called him up seriously nice trans is Yeah, he would like to tear him to shreds and I'm going to know one of the people hate this guy use some more on him You know, I like saying you can't change a lot of spots. He was an idiot in Jersey on PA where he was a philly He's an idiot down here. He's always going to be when I got a tie. If it was a few that station would be down the toilet. That guy is a moron even when I call them up. The guy has nothing nice to say about anybody And you know what's like the fans of Philadelphia and there's another show Tony Bruno. This guy makes fun of you all the time And I call them up and I'm thinking you got to get paddle brine from access Hollywood to go on their boost your ratings in the morning And you're making fun of New Rogers. This guy is an enthrine funded and you'll ever bat You know and they were two they were two nails. So I mean you're going to put up with a lot of crap. I mean I can care less I could care less I'm making more than both of those guys put in together as a matter of fact And our ratings are like 10 times both of them put together. So who gives a crap? Yeah, he goes out and saying that he's got the best ratings in the country for a sports round going please You know they need a paddle brine from access Hollywood to boost his guys rate. It can be a bright. I'll tell you one thing in this in this market they have fractions on that show fractions. They can't even crack a one share That's that's a bazaar. That's absolutely man. And then lady I just heard you say before it was a while of it's only It's lit lady called the updates that is a load spatter should get the hell out of Florida. Yeah, I live if that lady's listening I got a message for a hey lady. I learned Spanish and I speak it but this is America speaking. You get the hell out. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, I've managed people down here to see America speaking I wish to all those people that own you singles when they drive and cut people off and go to red lights They get with it man and they keep you. You know that it grinds them. You people drive like morons Okay, good luck to you baby. Okay, he's starting to learn to hate sounds for it. Like most people do it takes you only about like what about half hour But at the time it takes you to drive from the airport got one call after I guess I can go to my pilot goodies here. I thought that maybe just possibly We're gonna like a verdalde I have good stuff, but it was a false alarm. That's so often I happen. All of that guy was pretty interesting 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 that woman hasn't called back by the way the Ojo interest per rocket to risk from yesterday Damn a lot how everybody ought to learn to speak Spanish should get the hell out of moved to Jacksonville whatever she said or moved to North Carolina with George No, how's it? They speak a lot of Spanish there. Jacob Jacob. I'm gonna start calling George Jacob because at least it begins with a J like George Jorge Go, I don't have to change my monograms. Jacob here's Jupiter. Hello, which also begins with a J. Hey happy rainy day. It's raining there It's raining up here in what's fine. This is where the Spanish line is it's right about a lake worth right now. Uh-huh Hey, have you seen the The ugly fact that TV these days is incredible Yeah, you know all of these these shows like alien that's chick this skinny chick what's up with that? I mean, you know can we get a good Haitian sitcom started or something? You know called bumblecloth you know, yeah, I like that This is the backyard. This is Voodoo. Well, we got a whole bunch of new people connect on that show So should be no problem. I'm sure we're just being you know a disgame page up in the water and I like that You could do it forget about that CSI Miami craft. This is real life you're talking about exactly Haitian Haitians are us And by the way the good news for is they're all on a gigantic bus coming up to Jupiter Americans are still at you know I'll see on Uranus five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T line a lot of vote pouring in on that poll hundred and twenty four votes already shocking Seeing which of these celebrities makes you most want to puke your guts out just get to the bowl and he You've OJ 35 rosy thirty one. I think that's where the battle is gonna be those two neck and neck nose to nose Oprah 11 rosy and bar 11 and Papi cannon 11. That seems to be the popular number and quarter 10 She's right on the race Tucker Carlson and Madonna have seven of these Jerry Lewis has three MNM three and Bobville back only one See the reason Jerry Lewis don't have them any because they're just not that many cool people out there Right they seem would just head blown up like a buffalo toe and they're thinking she we don't want to be picking on Jerry And lady we don't want to be doing that because it's cruel and unusual punishment even though he does make most of us nauseous How much you think he made off all his telephones? Millions all to hear us for a lot of Dale hello Neil yes, sir. Okay listen I'm afraid of work that Jack and stay concentrate for a lot of Dale, okay? Yeah, and I've been kind of reluctant to call it But this listening to this guy. He's so arrogant. It's so poppy. I'm talking about low of course This guy goes in there and grants stands like he's a president in the United States I mean he wants people sucking up to him You know that that's what the whole thing was with his red fine a few months ago I don't remember the incident with you again the New York prime thing really pissed Hank off because it's one of Hank Sponsors And the Hank tells me it's a great place and everybody else has also told me it's a great place up there in Boca And I guess he went in there and he didn't get the real treatment in the end of pay for it They didn't kiss his ass and as we saw he ripped him the next day Exactly he goes into the jacks and the first he does his ass with the manager You know, I mean it's just you know You look like the grants serve as he thinks he throws around on the boy for the Miami dolphins. I mean I mean Really an idiot. I risk you know Moe just go mo go home back to the York get out of here already go mo go Okay, thanks, pal. Thanks for the spy report and that's you know something that's exactly the way he operates in a building Which is why everybody hates him like poison Virtually everybody I can't speak for the entire building, but I think it's almost unanimous You see, Moe if you'd be if you'd and this late stage of his life when you get to be in your 70s I don't think there's any chance you acquire humility when you got that pick of an ego and attitude about yourself But he really expects everybody like to genuf like like the moment he walked in the door Jesus himself was walking and Jesus Moses and Abraham and Miami and Because of the fact that he hasn't got their kind of reception I mean you just don't mess with him. You don't make a joke about the hairpiece about the bag about the plant fans about the vericose veins And I've never encountered anybody like that ever in my life in my life and Believe me I worked in this business for a hundred years with a lot of very nice people a lot of stupid people a lot of smart people A lot of nice people a lot of assholes everything in between And when you were talking to the other day about Alice Venitor some color brought that up He wasn't in the same category a people just kind of a wimpy guy Huh up until this though that was the biggest I'm the same category by the way the car he had out the middle car he had was a meata and it was so much the car Was what was the way he used to say it meata and he elevation everything you said was kind of like wimpy Alex Benny just a wimpy kind of wishy was she guy who had no show and Didn't say anything and had a live studio audience a stiff with her to sit in those chairs like a bunch of mannequins We need to eat to free food and I apologize for trying to do that. Remember I tried doing that. Yes. Oh What did I do that for? I don't know because I'm a schmuck. Yeah, because I'm a schmuck See one thing about me is I'm a schmuck and I'm a puts. I'm also a cluts which is why I got fell down and answered in two years ago And I'm a cluts No seriously I walk into stuff. I'm a faddle of cluts. Okay. I don't have any big ego I'm ugly as crap. I got a big bald spot I'm not ever gonna be like beautiful, but I'm doing okay. You know you are a snappy dresser I am a snappy dresser. I forgot about that As compared to you as compared to the house right. Well, I don't have any mirrors in my house. I see me either Because I can afford that we probably would look in them before we left the building and you know came to work every day Don't forget you can see what the house boy looks like and there other Cast of very grotesque is a fadboy not gonna be there. I don't know if it depends on you if you can waddle If it's a wheel-day or a walker day it depends I see well Maybe he'll be stomping around there join George Booker Brian McGill and Carlos five to seven seven to treasure island One of the sexy pinky places. Uh-oh there will be specials on cosmic jelly jello shots in two girls act What is of the two girl act? Doos is wild will be performing? That's today five to seven a treasure island right off the palm at an ortho one twenty-second street and you can say to George You're not really all that ugly you just kind of like nondescript looking and let me yeah That's me nondescript. You know Jacob I'll tell you that I'm 56 at five sixty wq and there has never been a better time to buy you a new home a refinance that existing home That's absolutely correct. How about away the 3.95% you heard me right to natural group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95% all you got to do is call them and else plenty how it works call financial group is a toll free call 1-800-940 LND that's 1-800-940-5363 the money you're gonna save is it is think about it You can get yourself a hundred thousand dollar loan for 1-450 bucks a month a two hundred thousand dollar loan for only 150 bucks a month The process is simple. You're gonna save yourself a crap load a cashier be here So call our good piezons our personal friends our buds at financial group 1-800-940-940-9 Speaking of odds how about those leaves want to game last time? First they blew a three-nothing lead in the third period at a win over time pretty desperate There's never been a better time to get you a low interest great call financial group when you be on your way to big savings Financial group is an equal housing lender credit restrictions do apply and races something to change So call right now 1-800-940-LND that's 1-800-940-5363 My local your sports video 560 swing You a yeah You got out You Where the Back it is Now awaited from our good friends at ointagartha travel Aspen Colorado that's the place to go if you like skiing Imagine for a moment you're on the slope you're put your knees together then to slightly foins and then you grab your pole while you put the other hand on the edge of the table This is unacceptable What is I think it was high? I'm not miss the zip code. I know who's responsible for this sabotage This is the hand you work at a fucking two-poof and a train quarrel among monkey his The jokes on them. Why I'll have you know I got the taxi Cornered you're kids and answered send me you'll see you now. Thanks Godfather, what do you know what do you say? More my most me calls the twin friends. What can I do feel on the day of my tone as a boarshen? I'm here to the main that you grant me a favor. I want to sink in ahead on your rush What have I done to be treated with such this respect? Oh Godfather, at the end of my rope every day they got me raped it using my name and vain And just making fun of my veins. I should have written to you a week and I will You're not like a lad You're a man who deserves respect for his a ticket to Vegas Are you already living paradise? You don't talk to him and like boy I would like that. I want you to take care of our friend Mr. Moe over here Your pop okay take your pants off fella. Let me show you a good time Could you hands off me a big dummy? I ain't dumb. Don't dumb your stupidity Yeah, but not like they say You mean you're a little bit afraid I'm out of the hurry. You're the pal in the smell to keep a quiet okay? You gotta find a tank that's gonna go plunge 10-0-2-5-60 WQ. I'm happy Wednesday. We don't forget our noon to one hour all comedy bits Didn't every Wednesday all stuff. I wonder why it's gonna be today. I think there'll be like a theme to it I don't know I'm thinking about it Earth to planet J. Low who cares right so Renee Graham and a Boston phobias today. Don't forget that J. Low story Oh Tonight Jennifer Lopez will confirm what folks who care about such things have long guessed She's engaged to Ben Affleck Or I guess so I'm gonna play next on next break And engagement is certainly a joyous occasion still I think of it as a private event best shared with close friends family members And the dozen or so co-workers with an earshot will be board-silly by every niggling detail about subsequent wedding planning That's niggling most people even if they could might not feel any to go down such things to Diti die and so you're on ABC's prime time live But then again they aren't intoxicated with these self-importance of being Jennifer Lopez See Lopez thinks this is news we can use There's the threat of war with Iraq and national economies unstable as an anacol smith But hey Jen and Ben are gonna have to go at it. No, we all feel better And hailing the rare error planet J. Low Lopez clearly believes that if it's important to her it must be important to us Pardon me if I pass on this cup of celebrity cool aid Hollywood of course is swollen with people utterly convinced that everything they wear everything they do in frankly Everyone they do means something to the rest of us But Lopez is taken or mighty me is in the such extent that she makes her exploits friend the musical scavenger formerly known as pop daddy Seems shy and retreating Let's think about this for a minute low pez is going on TV to announce among other things that she's engaged again And will soon be married again for those keeping score. This will be low pez's third marriage. It's the first for aflac First there was a year-long union with model Ojani no way in 1997 Then she hooked up with backup dancer Chris Judd in 2000 Shortly after the high profile bust up of her high profile publicity snout relationship with Sean puffed at EP Diti coms Her marriage to Judd was barely longer than the honeymoon and now she's sporting a golf ball size pink diamond engagement ring Even before a second of horse will become final in January In the future will all be married to J. Low for 15 minutes Low pez 32 is lagging behind Liz Taylor already is on husband number five Virtured Burton by her 30 second birthday It even if Lopez eventually collects as many husbands what she won't do is build a career as worthy as Taylor's Say what she will about Taylor but she has two Oscars and such films is father of the bride who's afraid of Virginia wolf a place in the sun and Cat on a hot tin roof on a resume despite her personal foibles Taylor and her prime was a wonderful actress on the other hand Lopez has such fair as the mediocre angelize and this year's floppy unwatchable enough She hasn't had a hit since the modestly successful Julia Roberts knock off the wedding planner Oh, there was a minute there early in her career after Selena out of sight when it seemed as if Lopez could become a solid actress But that was before she fancier to self a singer before glossy holly a hollow celebrity became an easier practice Success than the grit and effort of creating lasting art. She's a better photo spread than the actress or singer She's a new queen of style over substance Madonna has held the title long enough and besides there's always been something annoyingly compelling about Madonna Even it was just watching the wheels turn as she can cock to the other way to shock her way to headlines Plus Madonna has had at least have it as in songs that are undeniable classics At this point, I probably are more people to know low pez's dating than if seen any of her films or could hum one of her Want a one little songs she imagines herself as all purpose star the around the way brick a boricua from the Bronx What is barricua? Does that look that when up from the Bronx should be tooling around her old cow her old castle the neighborhood would soier And the unstoppable double threat who was the first before Eminem repeated the fetus week To simultaneously have both the number one film and album in the country But is anything other than a celebrity Lopez seems as flimsy as that famously low-cub Versati Dreci wore a few years ago into the Grammys on her new single Jenny from the block low pez sings in her trademark high school talent show warble Don't be fooled by the rocks. I'm I got him still. I'm still Jenny from the block used to have him a little now I have a lot no matter where I go I know where I came from Now if someone can only persuade her to go back I Really Right for negrim and the Boston vote What is that word the word is b-o-r-i-c-u-a And all purpose star the around the way barricua from the Bronx Barack you a I have never seen that word in my life. Who is this renaigram? Chey they know uh Ultra name in the New York Times Marine Dowd Which is up to the semotrix make sure you put a word in there that fat old fag isn't gonna know how to pronounce I never heard of that word in my life. B-o-r-i-c-u-a got it government in Puerto Rico Government in Puerto Rico That's what it says The U-r-i-c-u-a the government in Puerto Rico i-c-u-a No whatever that means okay professional reken i guess which leaves you out buddy quai A bigger person is it b-o-r-i-coa? Are you starting that spic-tuck again that old bag is gonna call in again when i was on yesterday that Ojantris per Rocket Thuris This is an English language show, okay B-o-r-i-co-b-o-d-z-me whatever you learn Spanish or get a lot a lot of Florida. I already did what was that word again? B-o-r-i-coa, B-o-r-i-coa, and what he just means Puerto Rican oh Oh, well, there you go. She's a reken with a big fat ass So what else is new? 560, 750, 50, 50, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line here's hi-l-e-hello If I don't like where I'm living now. Oh, yeah, huh Boring how come every time I see Harley on her right now. It's gonna be that same because we'll hold one of his byzons Just pondress Hollywood hello Yes, sir. I just want to play my two cents on this holiday routine on our green thing Yeah, well, what ever he's talking about all I want to say is he listed and quit this holiday with his go with the dolphins He's a good top show host and those kids with how a demer and that's funny I think they stop it my opinion You better do it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, okay. You're out of material. No, we will not leave the man alone When a guy comes in and tries to get George Farad is one of the first acts of his in tempered behavior And continues with a bunch of insane Lashings out and then appears on the other show and like I said, I don't really care that he appears on the other guy show But he's promoting that show how great it is he listens every day when he goes out of his way to encourage his audience Not to listen to this show so that to try to you know a harmless radio program Always doing is trying to hurt the radio station and because we have a weak need in app management who just kind of sit back and Like that you know Out of control that's what is come about since his man walked into the building We were doing like what did I say at the time when he screwed up the morning show mess with success is now when I was talking about everything was going much too well Everybody got along pretty much you know as well as they came in their business like this Radings were good station was making money everybody was a happy camper right right and then because our general manager had a Snit and got a bug up his ass like an overgrown child, which is the way he usually behaves as opposed to communicating like an adult Well, don't forget that default business and when he ever that see if if they wouldn't have messed up the morning show in a first place that could have been salvaged You follow what I'm saying yeah, no that by a zini business and default business that could have been salvaged after a reasonable period of time And we could have brought him back just like they brought Michael back from from Cedacusa where the hell he was 560 50560 pound 560 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line I love the people see if he expressed your opinion that's fine But when you call and you stuck giving me instructions don't play this and leave this one along We're gonna do it in the garage show. See that's the way it works on this show Today tomorrow seven weeks from circus the chess keep coming in here's coral geables hello Hi, Amy hello Hello, yes, sir Now you tell us you'll be right back or somebody on the other now Listen my live in Puerto Rico for 10 years, but what meeting what voting king the Indians used to call the island of Puerto Rico What inking yeah, if you're for a body quo you're from body voting king son of a severe if you're biking and breaking your are a big star Hello, we can What he can is a Indian native name that the Indians called Puerto Rico if you're from voting king You're a body quo well, how do you know the rest of us supposed to know that who we the Boston globe? You think that anybody who reads the Boston globe knows what that word means unless they're a week No, she probably was a body quo. I see Okay, thanks. You're up. Which is gross. Yes, you buddy. Quay you or whatever it'll I mean. I still don't quite get it So anybody recon we can refer to them is that which is a lot of things. Then what you say about the new way to down Yeah, yeah, you start using that Okay, I got about the Puerto Reakance nasty little freaking house boy. I think he's got a point Jacob Jacob See now what was he what was he doing watching bird cage anyway? He likes all those fact-it movies. Oh 567 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line We got a full plate today. Maybe we got the mad dog at one in a studio and I yesterday It's said on the schedule. I don't want to start ripping up for a clearance anymore than we have to but the schedule just not up to stuff And then I hear did you notice that the theme plate for like about five minutes before you finally got on the year? Yes, he was busy occupied with whatever it is. They do over there that plant and he said they're on the ass mad dog in the studio So it says here one to three Hank also with a studio. Thank God. I heard a little bit of his show yesterday He was over the Mickeyerson mayor of Pingu Piccadier, Rina and it sounded like he was talking through a straw I hope the Emperor didn't get any reports on that Oh, man, it was the worst audio quality I've ever heard my life Hank's on a full plate today three to seven four hours I have a workout. I were a winderman from four to five with a basketball talk Then we got shit go pants or preview at seven pathers and it flyers in Philadelphia 7 3 9 at a ca after the hockey game to a Markov night. That's the schedule Then of course in a morning it's a mohour David it and then it's ginger rod juice and my decor. I mean Hospital it 12 minutes after 10 at 5 60 WQ I'm let me tell you about a place where you can get away from all the insanity a south photo from all the crazy driving all the accents all the tourists And that's pumping apart. They're open for live harness racing at its best Every Wednesday Friday and Saturday three nights a week including tonight post time for the first race 7 15 three general parking free club house a grandstand admission every afternoon night Why not come up for a great evening of racing route your home a winner from the rail Treat yourself to a private box seat on the fourth floor or enjoy a benjuries hot-fudge Sunday or slice of a lot of these pizza And that hot-fudge Sunday still sounds pretty good. I didn't have one yesterday This Saturday in November 16 is the fourth annual golf ball drop for the starlight children's foundation Watch 2500 golf balls drop from helicopter on the infield by a number golf ball for a $10 donation And if your golf ball ends the closest to one of the six flags you'll win a great grand prize like a club med vacation Disney vacation food your blimperide and more don't forget every Wednesday like tonight It's solanite a pomp and a parking gateway draft your hot dog soda large press alert pop going for a bucket piece Pompato parks excellent top the park restaurant on the six floors open every library see night for fine dining Featuring chef Kirk Leade is not least specials in the best seafood states and primary winners in town every seat in the top of the park Alpha's a panoramic view of the races and as a private TV monitor as you watch Mickey McTickle coming in fourth again Dammit there's also a great all you can eat buffet in the four four players long for just Ten ninety for five per person every racing night and of course as always seven days a week every day starting at noon Pumpano parks got full card siamil casting with highlight harness and third by racing action from all over North America Pumpano park don't forget live racing seven 15 first post-time tonight at Pompano harness Hey, it's how it how it dated Yes I like it in the chai stop by for a hummer Do you remember Do you remember when you got that hummer? You can't even talk about really has smoke If you have no I am just a fly from the chai stop by for a hummer for a hummer I like guys who started only one is The stretches when they make a win Was it gets long from my hummer from my hummer? Big one daddy stick it in my hand I gave you a hammer and it all began You had the biggest one that I ever did see it fell to the floor when you tried to pee When you unfear I can't help but want but it's so big that you just had to fly it You've wet my whistle with that big thing baby Played on my throat, man it's for I was be crazy Now I think about you and it makes me sad you went away never came back I gave you a hammer and you went back home But now I cook and was inside the earbone I felt even love when you gave me a beat Now I'm a little bit like Alex B. Keen Why am I too I need a two or six? If we didn't just matter in the size of your stick New kids on the block really had small balls I mean you two have no I am that supplies when the chans stop by for a hammer For a hammer Pen I team offered you the hammer will be on a three to staff new No I were wondering there's another mistake on a schedule board Clarence I don't want to be picking on you but I got to be honest with her that Muff thank goodness he's back you know Muff at least makes his best effort to get some stuff done for us But other than that the upper and middle level management's been kind of weekly you know what I'm saying But for you better I'm saying they are arking it done Not getting done I mean I were wondering when it says right here Does it say Wednesday November 13 is today one? November 13 I think so. What's yes? Yeah It says I were wondering when I was the hopper I'm trying to do my best to promote the goddamn radio station and then a court Carlos Or the holiday was on yesterday Well, how come we didn't know he was going to be on yesterday and certainly what assuming Beyond yesterday since they were doing a show from the heat arena as it said on my sheet here Which is not called a heater windy American Airlines arena whatever the hell of this You think it would say so on a schedule to the same so not that I want a nitpick clearance But you better get your schedule straight now mister because you sure don't know your goddamn Schedules but thanks for getting a check in the mail That's all I care about as long as the check keeps coming see See some of you assholes out there like mo who take everything so seriously because you got a big fat ego I don't have any ego I've been working in this market for over 26 years going on 27 And I learned a long time ago you can't have any ego working in South Florida. It's a it's a thankless hopeless thing But if you get a big bad paycheck every couple of ways just take it to the bank now What all the other bull crap you can't eat ego you know Do you see the episode at the agriculture department with an asshole in that van? No, I didn't well this asshole. He was arrested. He's in custody now. He wanted to see a president And he had this van this budget rent of Anne and claimed that he had explosives in it. They searched it never in our explosives was right by the agriculture department in Washington DC But he's in custody now and everything is okay Here's the fact that says is the calling calling you ginger Rogers the best he can do pretty lame It is pretty lame not only that but ginger Rogers like I said the other day it took us Weeks to figure out what the link was talking about with that ginger, but now he's completed the thing which ginger Rogers so we can be sure Another old fossil kind of like mo do you think that most people listen to his show know who ginger Rogers was? No You think most people on the page of a hundred member ginger Rogers? Oh, predestined all any those people but that's okay That's fine with me And this is one of the same people was so outraged and indignant about my So called racist stuff in the name of stick Remember that comment several months ago, which I'm sure we all do and yet in the meantime he and guilty in all the other Sexist on a radio station including 70% of the men in the country with his business about our custom the masters again Oh, it's just a bunch of these bulldogs a bunch of these damn feminist rods that try to get in our way Let men be with men all of that stuff, you know, so on a one hand here's all the homophobic crap But on the other hand, let's have men be with men Hmm 56 05 60 sounds good to me. I don't know how I'm speaking of that last night's mallville pretty disappointing. Oh Oh, I gosh talk about depressa should be awarding the I'm surprised that survived that show last night That was so goddamn depressing it was almost as depressing as least blown a free not the lead in last night third period ever when and over time For one of their rare wins That's what happens when he get all those old path to rejects pat All those rejects Trevor kid Tommy Fitzgerald all these other, you know, Anders Erickson who's cool them as heels and saying John All the old misfits But anyway the show is so goddamn morbid and depressing at least at the end they could have brought us on they would have been very corny even corny Or than the ending would little kid dying, but at least so maybe Clark saved his life. You know, he got this this Nero surgeon and he got him off the plane at the last second and he went through any perform emergency surgery and a kid still died But what kind of an ending is that? So I don't deprive it's not it's not it's not uplifting a show supposed to be uplifting usually the end of the show It's always corny but at least there's some feel good in spite of all the trauma and all the horror and the Growth test stuff that happens during the hour including the 85 minutes of commercial did you notice that the last commercial break Must have lasted about 75 minutes. I kept I was watching the leaf game. I'm watching the weather for today I was to watch 15 other things that I come in are still an egg. I died then commercial break I'll tell you somebody there at the WV's making a few bucks off of that guy damn show Man, but it was a morbid and depressing and I and in fact I was silly press. I shut it off right after I didn't even see the preview for next week Did you no no the image See to do press I'm not a watch to but I forgot because we don't want more bit on a smallville Okay, we don't want more bit. We want feel good. We want feel this feel that maybe like a shake-liners hand will be at least a start You know, he can't he can't put his arm around or give her a peck on a cheek or something that sounds like that But at least it'll like shake her hand shake it a little bit Clark Once you decide that she's gonna stick around in town even though mom and step that are moving to metropolis How long is it gonna be before him and the lex start getting hostile with each other? I'm sure it's gonna be a big season premier or something because I've said it those two are getting tighter and tighter and tighter And the fact that neither one of them seems to have a real female interest in us How Lexington a girlfriend that's good point and Clark sir is how he can't even like like I said there was Chloe Well, I don't know close. He's to busy with the computer and then there's Lana who he likes a lot, but look But don't touch that kind of thing. Maybe he's super sterile He's only like 20, you know give him some time Here's a four-lotterdale hello. Hey Neil. How you doing pretty good? You've created monster nobody will be a how-in-one. We want to hear moe Yeah, and well there you go see what I tried I give them and a bit Thomas worth of free publicity and pretty soon you're gonna start hearing Howard's material on moe show Exactly, hey Neil, what about a Mopin within the movie of the liference that would be pretty funny. Yeah I'm not Rebearing soon you like a pig all I can't I can't I can see right now Given that's a given and you know who could be playing the band you're up there? Geldy Yeah, I can see guilty up there in a tree Maybe it closing Mo mo mo mo mo mo mo mo mo Oh, you love it. He loves the mo mo and the mo mo Remember that song pop a mo mo and then there was that African tribe the mom house the mo mo's 567. Oh 560. That should be a promo can you see the billboards when it comes to sports mo knows And have just a big picture of the herpes the silver herpes a promo Here's for a lot of deal. Hello Fort Lauderdale yes, sir. Oh, yes, I am oh Neil. Yes, yes. I'm here poppin o park riding around every morning listening to your show And I just felt like I had to call you one day and Express my opinion about Howard David But I do enjoy your show and since you go to poppin all the time, I felt like I should call also It's a release on the backstreet. I'm on the backstreet riding around so you're on the back side Yeah, riding so I'm making me take a little the other day and I'm so sorry Yeah, right, but anyway, I did want to express my opinion about Howard David because go ahead I don't have any problem with him as far as you do with taking you know with backstiving it's work But I just felt like from the first that he came on he was an embarrassment in that he was just so brazen and so You know arrogant Yeah, yeah, I mean it was just it was almost embarrassing to me and just very Very difficult to listen to and after listening to to just the forest and the other and the other show I felt was so much better. I really missed just as far as I wish I could bring him back Yeah, but I'm just surprised that So many people don't feel this way that there would be a lot of pressure to get rid of him I just think he should be he belongs in the yard And I don't want to get rid of my me clean the last week that business about I've been trying to undermine his show since today He got it that's a lie number one and number two I'm not I don't try to get anybody can unlike him who has gotten not only several people can't I'll be sure but also try to get George fire just one of his first acts and then see he's one of those people who want to Air will put on a good act for you and pretend he's above doing all of these things You know behind the scenes tries to get everybody canned and throws a tantrum like a crazy old man That's what bugs me about him if you if you're you want to get him fired come on here and at least pass up to it Okay, instead of doing all the stabbing behind the scene I imagine happened my complaints I just don't think he does a good job I just think you know It in comparison after listening to Jeff the far swirl that time and then the personalities are just so much different Jeff the far start of personality is a great sense of humor. Yeah, I do guys just so you know it's just like a Very hard in brazen and and that that that was my complaint about And I got a good well his show basically boils down to the world according to Mo and Mo Right, it all you know when it speaks it's that story in tone that says when I tell you something that's the way it is Right, I could just picture that as a ghost I forget first name that Yeldo I think he just he must be a question his teeth for a long time with him I just picture that he doesn't like working with him and he just had to you know Suck up to him but what are you here? I did that you hear how high that voice got so you know He's got him by somewhere All right, they pal said I got to run and say I'm gonna read that the far back say how to wall the energy Thanks, okay, well, how's it going? Hey Today the place to be from five to seven is Treasure Island. It's our WQA and happy our party with me Miguel Ugly Chut and while they two some act starring Leslie Wells and Justin blue We'll be there with two for one drinks free admission and lots of babes Treasure Island is a original gentleman's club where some of the most beautiful babes I learn all for you open daily at noon. You can enjoy a free lunch buffet till three escape your hard day While being entertained by a gorgeous Treasure Island dancer this week's featured drink is cosmic jelly These jealous shots are the best enjoy them in after three or four you'll be feeling great Catch all the NFL games on their big screens and every night Treasure Island features a free midnight and breakfast buffet But who's kidding who the real reason you should come down to Treasure Island is the ladies They get up close and personal with you and help you release all your inhibitions treat yourself to a friction dance and unwind Today promises to be a great party You have to come down and join me and the QAM crew and do says wild with Leslie Wells and Tristan blue Treasure Island located off the Palmetto north of the 122nd Street exit is where the party is all sponsored by Cosmic Jelly For more information call 305 558 2221 or go to treasure island dancers.com to see do says wild Treasure Island open seven days from noon till 5 a.m. come on down and enjoy yourself How young is too young Oh That has really please go away I do the way to attack a big home and eat your whole home Until you explode Just like your fat fat shirt and ladies have to fight you since on a plane Spilling your fingers that have yellow stain from two Into your toes After Iggy who knows Now to be back disgusting and tasty You make the show that it's my They like a cow who's bad at dancing Think smelly bad so repulsive and mild You're about to cheese most like a crap love After it was occupied by head past The shoe once you get into your car The shirt you got in On can squeal on can squeal on can squeal fat lady This is with your numberless mean Slaver in and start to the tree between It's Can you even begin to imagine a 235 votes and a reason I play that is look who's tied for first in our poll Seeing which niece celebrities makes you most want a pub your guts out OJ 63 and rosy 63 left here for big disgusting up not just ducky rosy I got a kosher screen she just won she just pulled her lead oh You're ahead of me. Yeah, well let me refresh mine because it's so refreshing not to be seen her push any more on my screen Let's see rosy just pulled in lead probably because I played that bit 66 OJ64 And it's way down small potatoes small mashed potato east the rest of them Rosanne 21 Oprah 20 Pat Buchanan 20 and quarter 17 M&M 11 Tucker Carlson 11 or 10 Tucker rhymes with Schmucker Madonna eight Bob Novak 3 and Jerry Lewis 3 out of 243 votes 567 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line on a momentous Wednesday See there's another thing with most since you people are so damn determined to talk about him Just like the comment about the bulletin. I had to problem with this guy isn't this is why we have the worst management in history broadcasting in this radio station See if you deal with somebody who knows where to draw the line knows the difference between Stick and strike and back in a clever comeback, but ever and somebody who goes way way over and beyond You can't just sit somebody down in front of a microphone and assume that they have the right to be there or the responsibility Be see what I'm saying what are you saying I'm seeing we have bad bad Management is what I'm saying and we do Did I hear back from our general manager by the way that I was supposed to hear from yesterday? No Just to kind of get delay of the land and the checkout. Oh, who's naughty and nice now? Crossbrings hello Yes, sir. Hey, you know what thing I killed me? You had this like 15 year old call a referring to a defending mobile five or six callers ago You know, he's a chronic I would you tell you calls with saying I'm out please wrong station wrong He's one of those chronic little Julios just an O-jam provacator Hey, the guy who called up earlier if you wasn't such a twin you might have been able to explain the Shepherd Smith box thing a little bit because it was kind of interesting Yeah, well, I took that guy about five minutes to get the name out first of all right Hey, did you ever see the movie American history X? No, I think George had that is seen is a scene in it where I Guess the other the white skin head, you know, the flag guy breaking into his car made him put his open his mouth and put his mouth on the car And then he jumped on the back of his head and I guess that's called a curb job in the Bronx With Jalo was from and they were talking Shepherd Smith is not talking about a block party for Jalo and Applek and he said something to you Congratulations sure the folks in the Bronx at this point would rather give Jalo a curb job than a blow job. I mean, oh, I'm sorry about that slip. I mean a block party Although I will say this it wouldn't surprise me if he does have a penis. I'm pretty sure she does Hey, Mo Howard I tell you before before he got involved in all this crap and you know You listen to the Monday night football games and I when I'm up in New York and listen to the jet He was as good as it gets as it is as a pro football Right that's right. I'm like yeah, he is so good I was so I was like okay I'm not a Dalton's man but different than a damn good job But in cat and what the hell they expected to talk show host and I enjoyed listening them on the air he's just such a such a no-stage Humorless punch right I can't even listen to the dolphin game anymore just knowing that what's behind that voice And he said what he was making a such a big deal about the bomb the other day I'm gonna drop the bomb I thought it was gonna be one of these Brian Cox things with some massive lawsuit or something It was making up to be a big deal You're gonna do comment first Let me just say this to you if you're gonna sue the people that you're working for anybody on radio station You're not gonna be working in the business ever again, right? So anybody who does that I guess is planning on early retirement Yeah, I had no idea what to expect with this guy And so so the deal is for anybody who turned in late He's evidently through his contacts with Westwood one who also can't have by the way You know got some folks up there work on how it's during show either present or past and they're gonna be doing some comeback You know attack comedy bits on me and on George in this show But which is fine again all depending all depending on where the line is right there's a difference between Not in somebody's a wig in your vera cosvince There's a difference between that and trying to destroy somebody's career Yeah, he doesn't he obviously doesn't know the difference yeah, he's not he's got a long way to go for You destroy yours or anyone else's career Hey, let the quick question I'll let you go Well, what would a circumstance is why would he so bent on firing George and out of that you know when you got Oh, I was up here back in I don't know April I guess April or May and one afternoon I walk into my and I got a really nice studio here. It's in one of the bedrooms in my apartment and I walk in and on a fax machine There was like some fax is sitting on it was about three in the afternoon And I looked at them and there were some emails that somebody down there I don't want to mention names head intersected They were emails from listeners to Howard and they were like cost if they were you know I know it's from the same bunch of little group balls that you know that call us the little humans or whatever And then we were funny. They were very funny. They were about a half a dozen of them So I had the idea where they came from so next morning. I read him on the air evidently He heard them and just went into a psychotic Hemorrhage and for days on end was demanding that George be fired and threatened to walk out and and so I come in a couple of days later And here's a message from our general manager on my answering machine on my voicemail Congratulations on a great book kneeling by the way I've decided to terminate George Rodriguez So when you're laughing but George who did whose wife had just shortly before I had that second baby I mean here's a guy that's got a family who's worked with me. I show for a 10 or 11 years and He was gonna get cans and so I had to go through a hernia and all kinds of his stereo For weeks for weeks on end to say the guys job our program director went into like kind of a rubber room for a couple of months Had to take time off because of all the stress and the pressure this man and just a few months has created more division and More psychosis in that building than anybody all the other people have seen put together in 26 years Yeah, I've been listening to you for a long time and I mean since 87 I've never heard like them. I mean there's always been some humor's banter back and forth But you know it's one thing not to like some of the people you work for But to go on your way to try to get people fired because of some childish pranker just because you've got a giant ego and you're gonna throw your way to run and That was just the first way he was trying to interfere with his show and he hasn't thought since it certainly doesn't sound like it's under the guys No, it's your ain't I don't think I've been right to the debate How do you like that huh? Maybe he was right when he said that yesterday Remember he was commenting at the end of the show about well, what did I gotta talk about today the same thing like that? And maybe that's what he would like it's your a lot of good pre-publicity, well show all-more all day Hello too much you're in trouble Didn't take their crap in Pearl Harbor or when the japs dropped their bombs We bummed them back crap and now the sun is they hit us hard and on our hearts are little blacks As that's all you love and retired voice of bombers the wrong way time fine Uh You In the garden we will say What's a few thousand innocent lives Stop living in the mess If you want that SUV to drive You're gonna need more gas It's the greatest country in the world They train us too And anyone who says that obviously And afford to be What word did you say? At Valentarius to be in America Where we date three odds in please Way the flagged with hast with our hand in the sand And blindly follow the powers that we have a sad tick A f***ing stings for you Who's on a six-star by the screen Scratch your balls and five everything's okay In the garden you will say Don't let America Welcome back now What couple of interesting fangs is here you notice? I did Anyway, I guess I'll save this one I got so much good stuff here today I thought I wanted to talk about his mobile mobile mobile mobile You know the mobile here at the mobile Don't understand it. I can understand it But anyway, this I got to mention From the same p times A congressional committee wants to know whether politics are behind the delay Of a federal order to the state employees pension fund This is the state of Florida Governor Jeb Bush's administration asked for it Because of recent staff changes a spokeswoman said yesterday Not to avoid damaging his reelection effort But Iowa Senator Charles Grassley The top Republican on the Senate Finance Committee Isn't so sure He has asked for an investigation into whether health and human services Inspector General Janet Rengwist Delayed the audit to avoid possible embarrassment to Bush Who was in a spirit reelection fight Or so he thought Grassley said to day the audit delays Just one part of a federal inquiry in the weather rank list Daughter of U.S. Supreme Court Justice Achieve Justice William Rengwist Oh my god Has improperly infused politics into administrative duties You see the way this is all tied together Gee what a shocker Bush spokeswoman Elizabeth her said the governor staff requested delay because the director of the state agency that oversees pension funds was about to retire It was appropriate that we had it delay her said Grassley asked the GA Oh to look at a Rengwist operation in October after knowing that she made 19 senior level staff changes in HHS Grassley called that number exceptionally high And talking with the whistleblowers from HHS grassley learned a suspicions that Rengwist had delay the flowed audit To avoid the possibility of damaging Bush's re-election campaign These allegations are very serious They accused the inspected general of a faded performer duties independently I'm looking into these allegations to try to determine their accuracy Grassley said in the statement yesterday He asked the GA Oh the investigative armor of Congress to determine whether the HHS staff changes Or wrote to the office's mission to root out waste fraud and abuse in federal health care programs Grassley author of a federal whistleblower protection statute An advocate of aggressive fraud investigation Judy Holsey spoke swimming for Rengwist said HHS employees triggered the audit If I raise in questions about the size of federal payments to the Florida pension fund How do you like that huh? Because we sure don't want to embarrass the gebstir And show that all that money was being invested in Enron when everybody else had been getting out and they were still buying back in on the way down How do you like that? With pension money. But at any rate You know, I also will come about it. They'll break a lot of it like everything else because it's the Teflon family Miami coach arrested on battery charge fan injured But the good news is it's not Miami of Florida. Isn't that the good news? That's good news Miami of Ohio defensive coup ended a coordinated John Wafford was released on bond early today After being arrested for allegedly assaulting a fan was celebrating Marshall's last second win Robert A. Flogger, Flogger was among thousands of Marshall fans who stormed the field moments after Stan Hill scored from a yard out with five seconds But to give the thundering herd the thundering herd you turn a 3634 victory Tuesday night Wafford allegedly shoved flower who hit his head on the artificial turf It was taken on the stretch of the hospital. They concussion according to a report filed by state police in Huntington, West Virginia Flower 36 of picking in Ohio was treated released from San Mariz medical center early today Said spokesman Dan Londry. I thought what Dan was busy doing the laundry My brother was jumping up and down celebrating with a Marshall player's flowers brother Todd said from the hospital He said he was waving goodbye to the Miami players and that one of them threw their mouth piece That we said the next thing he knew is in an ambulance Robert Flogger went a cat skin had a pounding headache his brother said Wafford 32 was led away in handcuffs by the West Virginia State police in charge with battery a mr. Meiner How do you like that more problems at the University of Miami or Ohio? How do you like some apples huh? Shame on him This is pretty interesting about Minnesota shame, but we got to take a lot of these great calls don't you think? Absolutely, they've been great. They have been pretty interesting along with the usual a few assholes, which is good We like to mix it up a little bit, okay? Three or four real calls and ask what and I do that online the seven Carlos that I've heard Why do you do that? Because that's not just don't be let don't pay any attention to George, okay? Don't pay any attention to what George tells you because George has been too busy playing at the you know made the house made But the house boy or girl whatever it was and La Cajra folds He probably thought it was some weekend calling in Five six seven oh five city probably was and pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line If we get our big noon to one hour today one a boat equal one Don't start with that spik talk again, okay that woman will she never called back to them really upset about that Now, you know, with later on in the show, maybe she doesn't get around there, you know, or maybe they didn't put her up to the call until later on in the show Are we been getting plenty of ringers lately, have you noticed that? Yeah, have I noticed. Here's Miramar hello. Yes, I have to think that Mr. David is great. Yeah, and you suck. Okay, thank you. I'm thanks for listening to the speaker and ringers. Yeah, five six seven oh five city and you suck but he's listening to the show see how many years have I been telling you that? If I suck why I and I do suck by the way pretty good, but why would you be listening to the show? See that that's the kind of people he's got coming to his defenses that little punk hole you'll be for I'm out that one and then this guy he's great and you suck. Maybe that was his houseboy. Flavius. And his brother biggest five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. See, I don't really know. Yeah, maybe this in the long run will be great for this radio station. Maybe we'll get an 80 share. But regardless, I mean, all the crap that we had to go through with your alleged firing and with a bullet in the head and all this other stuff and then the stuff on the website, which was very suspicious the timing, et cetera, and our friends at Fox News. You're starting to put all these pieces together, sure. Can't go the way. I have a bomb of my own. Then I go to explode right after you live in a clock break that even you don't know about. How do you like that? All right, can't wait. I have my own bombs because the timing of all of this seems real interesting to me. Speaking of trying to dick around with other people's livelihoods and careers. Just wait, and I even I wasn't aware of this until just a few days ago. I'll wait to hear this. All right. Other bomb. What is it? I'm not telling you to lack of news. I don't want to wait after the news. Okay. He'd be to be to be to be. And how the news from QIM? What a joke. I still can't get over what we're working for. I don't remember when Hank started working on our station, but I'm what is this station. But I would turn on a station. I would hear the top of the hour coming instead of like newscast, even like a news capsule. Yeah. It sports updates. Well, and I would say to myself, what is that? I mean, like, in other words, this is the only thing that's going on in the world. There are ideas of news is like somebody has a strange growing muscle with a dolphin. This is news. It's not the only thing going on, but it's the only thing that matters. Oh, I forgot. Well, I've learned that in these five years. Here's my me, Lake. Hello. Good morning, Neil. When is this? I love those news that you love in a clock. Let me answer a question. Boca Brian will be with Georgia Treasure Island today. Yes. Yeah. Well, you only have to see these there. Yes. I'll see. I'll see. But if you want to get one, you got to rub his bald spot. Another thing. Just one, you know, when most of the games with, with managed. You think, and when I listen to the games on radio religiously, no matter what, do you think managed gets upset with him when he makes all those mistakes? I don't know because in all fairness, I can't, I don't listen to the games on a radio. I heard, I heard, usually the feed up here, I don't get it. You know, I was on this Sunday night, but I was watching on TV. So I have a listen to an up of it. I've had, you know, we've had some people calling in saying he's not letting mad dog do his own thing and be himself. But for me to comment on that would be pointless because I don't listen to the game. Right. I know when he's up when he makes some mistakes, managed is fighting his tongue because I can hear it then. I can hear him biting his tongue and he's a blood spreading. I can hear the blood spreading. I can hear the steam coming out of his ears. Just one more thing. I call you yesterday about the, the Augusta golf course, a men man, man, want to be with men man. Whatever being a man. You know what I'm saying? We're still looking for it. Are you still looking for it? No, I mean, I think so. We'll find it. Okay. Thanks. When you say that, play it. I'll play it. I'll play with it. Don't forget, men want to be with men, so they can play with it. What's wrong with that? Yes, you know, that's the whole thing about that geek club that makes it so accurate. What a joke. And then, of course, 70% of the men on these polls say that, yes, Augusta has every right to exclude women. Now, see, isn't that interesting? Especially at the time when I'm accused of being a racist, that you're not too many years ago, blacks were excluded from membership at Augusta National. And then they finally let one guy in here and now we got tiger woods. And we got, what else? The lead elder and, you know, some other pretty good black golfers. As if golf is all that important, which it's not. But if the same people who are saying now that women should be excluded were saying that black should be excluded or Jewish should be excluded, Oh my god, we're talking bigotry. We're getting on a goddamn website. We're calling Fox News. See what I'm saying? Yes, and. Yellow boys, those are balls. Exactly. Now you're talking. I got your thumb on it, Mo. What are they saying, Mo? We're supposed to be a five six. You a yeah. Only in the banana republic baby. Only in Miami. Fox News has a real weirdy like your f**k dude. A real weirdy like your f**k dude. A real weirdy like your f**k dude. You're weirdy like your f**k dude. You're applying looking matches and the perfect little Nazi. I want you to feel their coffee through your soil paintings. This notting you, still be sluggish sweet. Lapping your lips like an emperor's roast beef. Fox News and the real is like your f**k dude. Oh, here's a bulletin, they racked to approve the UN resolution. Oh man. Fox News and the real is like your f**k dude. We're easy like the f**k dude. You're everything on your catalysis. To the child. You want to know shit. Three wait. You're really going to be. You're all going to be. You're all going to be. Then listen, think, roast, put the green or something. I'm fed in taste like bubble gum. See you next time you need a story. Since it takes a dip, bubble to make you come. Fox News has a whole world. We'd really like to f**k you. Oh yeah. Fox News has a whole world. We'd really like to f**k you. All right. Let it over to a 560 WCM happy wins. Do do it next hour. That thing noon to one hour. All bits to the whole hour. And I'm going to get mad. I'm going to be with a request for that. By the way, for what? Sofakink. Oh. Well, he's always been the sofa king. In our place. Something like that. He always wore the crown. For how is my f**k he doing? He's doing fine. This is a good tipper today. Well, that's good. I'm glad to hear that. I'm glad he's holding up well under the stress under the dress. He does wear it nice and do rest, by the way. Ever seen it? No. Like pink shuffin with lace. He's okay. My book that moth. He's the only hope we got in that place. I'm serious about that. You know me. I'm not an assucker. And especially in his case, he might type. But the fact of the matter is he's the only one. It's like got a clue. I mean, Clarency means well. And he gets me my checks on time. Oh. Or close to what I would go on Clarence. Better late than never. But the fact of the matter is moth is our only. He's our only buffer between insanity and a place. And, of course, the head cheesed there. He's busy. I'm making people wait for half an hour on a phone to see if he can muster the courage to take their phone call. You have a normal call in the other day. Made a way 24 minutes on hold before he takes the phone call. And then we wind up with a three way. Me and Norma and Greg on the phone. Only because the Norma and sister. Yeah, three way. There you go. There you go. There's a material for you. Greg Reed, Norma Kent and Ginger Rogers with a three way. And then it was on the phone with a little phone six. And by the beat, but about yeah. And then that's the end of it. That was two days ago. Is there any follow up? Oh, I get a response. What the hell is going on? Oh, not at all. So it's one more good reason for me to be here. And away from that insane asylum from that not house. So what is the man? This is a man who acts like he's in suspended animation. Kind of like Larry King. Oh, see, waiting here my store. I'm Joneson. But two are. But first here's the poll results. See, I know how to tease it. And it's a, you'll be shocked. You'll be even more shocked than I was when I heard this thing. See, which of these celebrities makes you most want to pukes. Our poll question that I on the arangers.com. Rosie O'Donne looks like she's pulling away. And you know something. If I had to do it again, I would vote for her because I mean, as much as. I almost said with an F as much as Tucker Carlson. You got to be very careful where you be saying that as much as he just an noise me. It's not just that he's a right winger because there's plenty of right wingers on here. But just that he's such a pretty silly ass would add bow tie, you know. People with bow ties, even like the former Illinois senator Paul Simon was a liberal Democrat just to show that I don't care about politics that much. He made me nauseous. He was a silly goose. Only silly people were bow ties. When you were great. Absolutely like dominant. Dominic done another silly guy with eyebrows to make Andy Runejose. Seriously, I think he stole some of Andy's eyebrow here and paste it on. Everybody's got those nifty glasses. Oh man. And I'll tell you another one guy that's got goofy glasses. You know, Senator Carl Levin from Michigan. No. Oh yeah, you do. The balding is balding. Oh yeah. I know. And he wears the glass. He's got a you know that Juno's. I'm sorry. He wears his glasses down and like the, like the, I'm taking my glasses and put them down like the pinching me at a tip of my nose. Pitching my tip like granny style. You've seen that. Have you? Because he appears on all the talk and head shows all the time. Senator Carl Levin is a good guy. Never stole a freight train. I like him. But why do you put your, what is the bush, myster? He's message is very seriously. And we will. We're taking seriously here at home. You're right to approve you. I'm resolution. How do you know. I think it's already. It's that okay. In fact, today's only Wednesday that deadline was Friday. It's okay. You just don't drop the bomb. You're just being brought by continuing. What do you say about a broad? We'll chase these people now. One at a time. You know, that's pretty interesting. And here's it's now what 14 months later. It'll somehow we find this still alive and making threats. He doesn't want to happy all president take the rune. He looks very disbonded because now it kind of puts into the lay. It screwed up all his plans. Remember like a Tessio said, right. Can't go either selling. I screwed up all my plans. Tell my cow was like them. It wasn't personal with business. So when are we getting back speaking of business? So I got a call. Are you going to interrupt this? Nope. I did. I did. In fact, I'm trying to think about it was about two months ago because I was up here. And one of those movie channels I'm always telling you about late one night. They showed that again like how's your full. And a really bad friend of it too was like, I mean, but I just couldn't turn it off. It was like Godfather was like deliverance. Some of those movies when you see him on there, you just you get glued and you can't turn it off. So I watched the whole thing in this entirety. And when they got to that scene. Where she's sitting there with a bad wig on, you know, and the thing with the soup and the whole deal and Jacob just loses it. I start laughing so hard. I made myself sick. I made myself physically because I couldn't stop laughing. At any rate, this is no laughing matter. Here's our bomb. We ought to have like a new feature on a show. Yeah, we got like tabloid Tuesday and we got all bits Wednesday between noon and one. We ought to have the bomb of the day. When a bomb of grande. So a Norma can't my just I mean, nor was it nice guy. Let me make that clear up front. Okay, but lose cannon. Loose cannon. And he also didn't bother call me back yesterday. Probably than have anything news to report. But you know, another one is just a week kind of like a feather wave. So during the course of a conversation with him a couple of weeks ago. And keep in mind the timing of this. Right. Couple of weeks ago, he tells me almost as an afterthought. And he likes to do this. He likes to meet with certain people in the business about my career and my welfare without telling me. Which quite frankly, that's not the way I like to do business. And I've told him that, but he's just one of those people you can control. He's a loose cannon who also thinks he's a radio broadcaster and a baseball player. He thinks he's a lot of things. He's a good guy and a professional fag and that's pretty much it. But at any rate, so almost as an afterthought, he tells me that he had a meeting. Then a gentleman who's one of the higher upper echelon programming people at a certain company flew down to meeting him in for a lot of day. Not too long ago. About a month ago. Can I get interested in? Are you going to interrupt again? Nope. You know, you houseboys are easy to come by your time. It doesn't. Although I do like those palm palms. But were those things that he was always flashing around? Jacob. I don't know. 100 years ago. Those feathered things. But anyway, now what the hell was I saying? You keep interrupting God. Damn it. This is an important thing. Why? Why? Someone from pointing. I've been down and met Norma in for a lot of day to meet discussing syndicating this show. Premier? No. Okay. I have more guesses. But I won't. Well, guess again. Infinity. No. Get me closer. Keep going. Cox. How about Westwood 1? See, that was the last one on the list. Okay. All right. How do you like that? Now see, I'm not interested in the first place because I'm not interested at this stage of my life. I would like to be on national. I could have been, you know, if I would have happened 10 years ago, I could have been. I don't care what anybody says. I could have been a real major player on the national scene. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Because I say crap that other people don't dare to say. And I'm, you know, I'm one of those people that don't give a crap. I fling it out. If it's in my brain, I fling it out. But the fact that it matter is, I mean, Norm has been greatly, basically incompetent. And of course, Greg, well, other company wants to help syndicate me. I'll show this, I'm going on for four or five years. They have no interest in syndicating the show. Because that's basically something that would benefit me. And as far as they're concerned, whatever revenue they'd get as small potatoes. I'm just, I'm on a way out. I'm counting the days till I retire. Not today's to start building a new career. You follow what I'm saying? Yeah. In other words, Walder, Kronkide isn't looking away. It's to start a new career at age of 90. And now it age is 60. I'm not looking either. But at any rate, so this guy come down because OP and Anthony just got a lot of money. I've got to have blown out as we all know a couple of months ago. But that sucks in the church pit. So they're looking for various people to fill in various parts on their stations all around a country, which they've got about 8 million of, you know, just like cloudy channel. Right. So how do you like them, apples, huh? I like them. And then surely on the heels of this, surely on the heels of this, all of these other things started. You follow what I'm saying? Yeah. Coincidence. All of these other things started. Now, of course, if I once worked for that company and even almost to the people that may have hated me like poison, I certainly would have some people on the inside. You follow what I'm saying? Oh, yeah. No question. At least one or two. And of course, what better way to put the permanent nicks on any chances of that happening? I'm not, I'm not making any make an accusations of just again thinking out loud. Think it out loud. Then to try to demean and disgrace and debase on whatever else to try to make it seem that I'm the bigoted, the fact whatever to hell I am, you know, which is okay. And again, I'm just thinking out loud. But the timing of it is all very suspect, you know, just like the timing of, um, you've been held hostage on the very day of that comment about anybody saying the things that I do on the right of the guys of stick in any other market probably get a bullet in the head. And the response from our management and the returning to that was instead of saying, that's that's unconscionable at any of our people would say that. Or plant that in a mind of anybody in the audience instead of saying that they can turn around and say to us, well, you know, an exchange for an exchange for not firing George. How about Lee and off the old man. And I did just one more step that I took to try to protect the house boy. And it was a bad mistake. We should have said, what kind of a deal is that? We've already agreed you're not going to can that little stick. What kind of a thing? What kind of responses that? And I'll tell you what it is. It's ear responsible. Just like the comment itself. The stuff that's being said under the guys of stick in any other market would get this guy a bullet in the head. Right at that point somebody should have intervened somebody who's like an suspended animation somebody who's just frozen and paralyzed and can never act who pretends to be a general manager. But basically is the guy with a bad haircut and a expensive suit. Did he do it? No. So how do you like that? I like when you think we're starting on Westwood 1. Tomorrow? 12 minutes after 11 at 5.60 WCW. I am Thanksgiving. Everybody's going to be flocking home to be home together again with friends and family strangers. Gathered around the table with delicious homemade food and family traditions. After all, it's not the turkey that makes the meal special. It's the people and the stuffing. Getting ready for the hungry guests can be stressful especially if they're staying overnight. If you're having a hospital for Thanksgiving, my dialometres make you how they preparations a little bit easier. Now is the time to call. 1-800 mattress and get that new mattress in for the house guests get there. If they've already told you they're coming or if you don't hear from them till the night before they get there, dialometres can deliver a top quality service. See these symptoms are Kingcrum mattress the very same day. I've been sleeping on a dialometres for years and let me tell you they're the best. Call dialometres right now. I'm going to call dialometres. I'm going to call dialometres. I'm going to call dialometres. I'm going to call dialometres. I'm going to call dialometres. I'm going to call dialometres. I'm going to call dialometres. I'm going to call dialometres. I'm going to call dialometres. I'm going to call dialometres. I'm going to call dialometres. I'm going to call dialometres. I'm going to call dialometres. And beat that jader me. Goats. Goats are real. They exist. They're all around us. Some believe. I've communicated with goats. Helping may be explained. People who believe in goats are only projecting their own desires. They're due goats truly live in all in the mind. But was that? What was what? No. A motion to train and will change your perception of goats. Forever. Sixty. Shining. A ship probably. A full. A pound of goats. Goats. Goats. Goats. It's 11.18. I want to make sure it was done. At 5.60 WQA, I'm so how does that to bomb strike you, huh? I'm strict. In addition to watch the individual, I have no idea what the guy's name is or who he is. But he's, I would only use the work in his market. And it's a big fan of this show. So what's like just some idle chatter was preceded by a couple of phone calls. The guy took the trouble of flying all the way down to Fort Lauderdale. Let me with Norma. And you want to reason I'm saying about this on the years because I'm not interested anyway. I wasn't interested when I heard about it. And probably should have been discussed with me before this meeting took place. But nevertheless, that's not how Norma works. He's got his own little agenda going on the side. See what I'm saying? Yes. But is that interesting the timing all about it? And it was Westwood once. How do you like that, huh? Speaking of that, venture reportedly near Deal for MSNBC Talkshow. The cable news channel MSNBC is close to signing Governor Jesse Ventures at Talkshow host after he leaves Orphus early next year the Walshby Eurnal is reported at the board. Are they desperate or what? Yeah. At MSNBC they can't buy an audience. If they gave people a hundred bucks a minute to watch, they still can buy an audience. Oh, I still, I don't care what anybody says. I like two to four. I like Bill Press and Papua Kinnon. Even if I can't stand Papua Kinnon's politics. It's a good show. And even though they're a little rough around the edges as far not mean really broadcasters. Does that make any difference anymore? No. Signing people for making it with a situation that journal said in B.C. News President of the Eul Shepiro. Uh-oh. Shepiro. In MSNBC President Eric Sourensen. Uh-oh. Have been wooing venture by the Zagians at the William Morris Agency Morris. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Are there anybody left in this country is not Jewish? No. Except the Puerto Ricans. Of course. Already a regular on MSNBC political program hardball venture. Probably would be scheduled for prime time. Maybe the 7 p.m. Slot occupied by Phil Donahue, the journal reported. Well, I hate to break the nose to the journal, but Phil Donahue's on it. So maybe they're on central time, but I think it will also be your almost published in New York on Eastern time. Then amazing. Well, what is this from? Where is this from? Somebody, which I appreciate getting this, but it's uh, the Star Tribune. Where the hell is that? Uh-oh. Some freaking news paper that I can't get their info right. Well, I see probably a Zam at Western newspaper, which it would be set on a clock there. Okay, we're sorry. The interest, both of John Woodell said yesterday in the last night, the only the governor will not make any announcements about his private life to leave his office in January. MSNBC executives could not be reached for combat last night. And believe me, I believe it. He quit his radio show. He already announced that yesterday, which I didn't have time to get to that story. Quit that. And he's paving away from being a TV star. And maybe he'll like Don some of the wrestling garments in the middle of the show. Right. Tankton to a little number on there. I love this story from Shepherdstown, West Virginia. Authorities in West Virginia charged a nude Bible reader with indecent exposure to the 49-year-old woman has also been charged with disturbance of school and disorderly conduct. Police say Barbara Harrison's clothes were an opiled beside her as she read from the Bible on the steps of a building at Shepherd College on Monday. A police statement says there were people standing all over and there were classes going on. The woman didn't say why she dropped her clothing. Earlier in the day, campus police told her she couldn't preach unless she got permission from the school student affairs department. Maybe she was trying to have some student affairs. Maybe that was it. So she took off her clothes. I guess that's a good way to get the attention. Sure. If you try to convert the flock. Right. Right. Something to do with flock. Seeing what to these celebrities makes you most want to puke. Rosie 101. Big fat disgusting. East Lady Rosie. Hundred Monvotes. OJ 82. He's right on her ass. Don't getcha. OPPER 33. Papuken 33. Rose Ann Bart 28. And quoted 26. Eminem 16. Tucker Carlson with the silly bow tied 12. Madonna and Yine. Bob Novak 4. And Jerry Lilaz has got three. He's going to got three. Of course we don't see him that much anymore. Except for someone. He got a real big screen. He can't see the whole head. That was bad. When I pan. No. I don't think it was bad because I don't feel sorry for him. I don't like to see anybody with physical infirmities. Anybody with bad health. But in his case. I'll make this. This is his first option. Can't stand him. Here's Daytona Beach, hello. I knew a good morning to you. A couple quick, unrelated comments. But I have to say some about the soul-multhing. Come on. You know, it's so interesting. But where does manager play? Doesn't anybody sit down to hey guys enough? There's enough or we need to do something here. They should sit back and let things happen as they come along here. I'm the one who suggested the meeting. And Louis and Abrunks. And I think going to happen. That's crazy. Well, I think it's un-unrelated note. This whole thing was the lot in the table and all this. It's interesting. Bush wants to go to Iraq and do all the kind of damage. And here is the lot and still out there floating around. And nothing. We just continue doing the same all day. And the worst part of the whole deal is now in his new message. The recorded message that Al Jazeera played the other day. Now, I've been alive in the same that he's the first bomb that's dropped on Iraq. It's going to stimulate him. And if we do invade Iraq, if we do start La Bomba. All we're going to do is give him an excuse to start his graph up again. I think I'm going to pack my bag and go back to Cuba. Okay, so here. Take care, buddy. I'll stick him over to you. He's going back to Cuba. You want to know why? Why? Because the hotel's there. All right, big guy. And we're going to. It's way better. Oh, life as part of the godfather. That's what I had some kind of a mafia thing in here today that I was going to play to godfather music behind. And since I never even got to my pile, see, I feel a little bit bad about this. You were teasing something about Tony soprano or something. No, no, that wasn't the one. There it is. I'm fumbling around to find a guy there and think I got a really good pile of stuff. But I don't know. I don't think the audience wants to hear all that stuff. Gotta give him what they want, baby. What they want is whatever we're doing, which I don't know what it is. One of your arrested and organized crime bust in New York. I know it's shocking that they could be organized crime in New York. But that's what it says in New York. And alleged captain of the banana organized crime families in 19th of the arrested and connection with a multi-million dollar loan sharking and gambling operation he Manhattan D.A. announced yesterday. Patrick D. Filippo, the repeated couple of the D. Filippo crew would charge again with enterprise corruption, a felony punishable of the 25 years in prison. Alleged banana soldiers, Emmanuel Guadana, Anthony Fraskone, and John Spittito faced the same charges along with Anthony Ciano and Russell Thruco. 14 others including Guadana, Grana, Son and Crass Cones, Pres. Scone his mother who indicted on Lester charges including assisting the criminal enterprise purgaging contempt, 7-Hetton V. Robert and Morgan Thill. Patrick D. Filippo crew ran three separate gambling rings that brought in about a hundred grand each month. The associated loan-shirking operation at hundreds of thousands of dollars on the streets at Margotel and took in more than a million dollars in prison for you. But that's so small to you, not. What am I getting this frog back again? You are sure I hope I'm not hurting to get a drip. Good little bit of a frog. I don't like that. I've been feeling funky lately. Yeah, I don't see the weather. Of course you're there and I'm here right. It's starting to turn a little bit. You know what the high here is going to be on Saturday. It's going to be sunny and the high is going to be eight. I'm talking about Fahrenheit. Well, 35, which is not eight. It's two. It's cold. And it's two. Prute. It is two. Help me get joined George Book of Brian Miguel and Carlos. Five to seven to seven in Treasure Island. There will be specials on Cosmic Jelly. Oh, shot, score, score, and two girl act. Doos is wild to be performing. That's five to seven to seven in Treasure Island right off the Palmetto north of a hundred and twenty second street. So how do you like my bomba and Boca Brian discs, by the way? Is it still sinking in? Yeah, it's still us sinking in. Here's Helen Dale. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you? Okay. Good morning. Went to West by Mallis that I thought I'd share this little story with you. What's in to bird diamonds men's department? Went into by me a sweater because I'm leaving town to Atlanta on Saturday. Good. And when I'm looking at the sizes, obviously, they don't have my size because I have a weight problem. I can't gain weight unfortunately. Really? That's not the point here. When I was going through the sweaters, I was looking in the rack there. And in between, I looked inside and there was a man Fondling his generals. Okay. And I'd rather be saw me. He scored it and hit my face. Can you believe that, Neil? No. No. No. No, we don't. Here's the facts that said, now the one of your little people are, oh, we gotta do the break. I think that was a buttock. It was a buttock. And I was a ricken there on a phone. And you know what it sounded like to me? What? Swishful thinking. 1126 at 560 WQM. Am I doing the right spot here or not? I don't think I'm doing the right spot. That's a bad move to be knocked down. What did I do with the cop? Oh, you wanted to know why? See, that's bad. But I get way ahead of myself. I got the copy out here and then I covered it up with a fancy just sent me. Oh, no. It's buried in there. Hey, listen, if you're buried in a dead end job, the facts are simple. If you have the dedication fast-ranging, can get you out of that dead end job. Into one where you can make some real money. Fast-ranging provide you with the necessary training to become a certified computer professional. And by the way, it's not bird eyes at J.C. Penny's idiot. According to Time magazine, the man for computer professionals is going to continue to explode. Right in your face. The average student completes the training in four short months attending school three nights a week. Once you complete your certification, fast-ranging help you in getting your new computer job. Fast-ranging advice to the common visits of the train career counselor and determine which track is ideal for you. Call fast-ranging tool free at one eight six six fast-ranging to set up an employment. For convenient locations waiting for you, you'll find them in Kendall, Pembroke Pines for a lot of day on Miami, so there's about to be one somewhere nearby where you live. Don't forget to ask the queer counselor for list of students just like yourself or at least fairly close to you who are currently in their dream jobs thanks to these folks. And the great training they got at fast-ranging. You got nothing to lose but that crappy dead end job. Call them tool free today. Fast-ranging at one eight six six fast-trane. That's one eight six six fast-ranging or check them out on that web. At fast-trane.com My local queer sports video five six six two a-m. Translando el pollo para ac. You are who are you. I'm the one who are you. I'm the one who are you. I'm the one who are you. I'm the one who are you. I never hear a sneaky thing. I'm the one who are you. Why when the movie is off, I can't just go and off. Why do they talk to now? Who? We're good now, they're gonna be. Shout it through the movies. We're not gonna do that. You hit me with a cute kiss to me while I'm alive. I'm the one who are you. I'm the one who are you. I'm the one who are you. I'm the one who are you. I'm the one who are you. I'm the one who are you. I'm the one who are you. I'm the one who are you. I'm the one who are you. I'm the one who are you. partnership. I am I'm the one which I if you know. Honey talking I talking. I uh or but you know it. that Arkel said down here's at some PM. It's a Minnesota thing and they're on central time. Thanks, Bobby, Robbie, whatever you want to do. Also, Markie G, whoever this is, and you saw this facts about the, they've got a gay radio show. You know, I heard about that show. What do you mean? It's somebody's about it that they have this show and it's actually not bad. Oh, there you go. It says, the best one listening is your good friend, Norm, Candy mentions you want to show of a, uh, you can access the show by party ninety three point one. What time is it Sunday? And this show is Sunday. The show features Billy Bean. It's a gay show. The only gay radio show in the market. It's on the, um, uh, ninety three point one. One, one. How is it? Seven twenty five PM. I'm assuming PM. I don't know. Is it PM? I don't know. Probably AM. AM. Don't most of the public affairs show don't that isn't that a Sunday morning thing. Five would assume say, yeah. That's a good point. I could have put a fact. Sure one seven twenty five in evening. Somebody might be awake. That close to prime time. Seven twenty five. AM. I'm assuming I'm not going to be on the show because I don't go on other radio stations. Okay. Don't make appearances on other radio stations. Markey or murky or whatever your name is. And I'm sure normal will because he's on a station that isn't heard by anyone anyway. Kind of like Bill or Riley. But the where were you doing for in and let's see, he wants to come and watch the show. No. No. And, uh, how come Norma can't give him like a, uh, primer and radio. The broadcasting expert. He's to busy having, uh, meetings with, uh, unauthorized meetings with all sorts of hot shots and then he's patting himself on a seat. I'm getting you on an ashto. I'm doing this. I'm doing that. Yeah. Right. Whatever you say, Norma. And he's going to say, oh, you shouldn't have talked about on the area of a ride. You think that there was any chance in hell after the last couple of weeks that that was going to go through anyway, even assuming I want to do it. No. No. But I try Norma. You get an A for effort and a Z for results. I wonder who's there in 12. Yeah. That couldn't be Norma could it. I see Carl was just talking. Oh, we got a crank hole you want here that we got to get rid of real quick. Hello. All right. Downs for life. Yes, say it is. That's him. Who's who's him? That's the other iron shaft socks and everything sucks. Everything we talk about sucks and balance. I don't really know, but I bet you anything. It's Norma online 12. Hello. 725 AM. Yeah. And you don't have to promote his show. You can do it on his own. Yeah. I don't promote other than yours. I don't promote any other radio shows in a market. I don't play that game. And he has no business using my name to get in good with you. I don't want to start getting into one of these fags. Knits here on a radio. You know, this is a very high paid radio show. I thought like yours. That's just a cash cow to get you a few extra bucks. Then nobody listens to. Well, in the end of the day, I'm murdered by you. I know that occasionally people will actually hear what I have to say on the air. And it wasn't bad enough that I didn't hear about this guy from Westwood. One until already after the fact that your client visten meetings, which I wasn't interested in anyway, which I told you and you. Sure. We do. Yeah. We do. I already just got through talking about it on here. If you were listening to the show, I was listening, but you have to give your agent the latitude to answer the negotiations in the private quarters of power without a minute. You know, something you and Mo would get along great because you're both legends in your own minds. No, absolutely not. He's the one that's dropping bombs on you, not me. Yeah. Unacceptable behavior by him. That was followed by as you know, National News releases. Yeah. And we're still waiting for the General Managers response. Oh, and I knew that because what I didn't hear from yesterday that what they message to me was that he never called you back like he promised he would. That's that's our general manager. And you know where he probably is right now is probably hiding under his desk. When the phone didn't bring, I knew the call was not from him. Exactly. All right. Can you have a great day? So where does that leave us? It leaves us as the target of a fascist news network sniper is where it leaves us. You were not talking about them today. You better get with it. Okay. That's old news. That's last week's news. You better get updated a little bit, Mr. I'll hear my death. Okay. Yeah. We're kind of looking out the window and see if the son is shiny. Get out of here. Boys, does she something or what? And you notice he didn't call to discuss any of that with me. Call to discuss that fag show. You know, it's one thing to be a fag, nor I'm believing I know all about it. I'm an expert. But when it comes to being a professional fag, it's just, I don't know. It's kind of like being a professional fag, you know what I'm saying? And I know my good friend Lynn Lynn sandals is probably listening to right now and I love her dearly, but she's a professional fag hag. Which is her, you know, she's entitled to be that. But you know, it's a tool is Taylor Rich. You ever see Lynn and Liz Taylor together? No, no, they mentioned all I will say this that Matt's rudge is she's looking a little bit more like Liz Taylor every day, Miss Grudge. I just got a few pounds to put on and he's working on it. 118 votes for Rosie speaking of putting pounds on. Oh, nobody wants to see her in that cottage. She's yeast is her is which is probably under her armpits, too, and between La Caja folds. And she never even murdered anybody. Can you, oh, and I got good news for you, by the way. Yeah. I had a call yesterday. Let me give you 14 guesses who was from. Norm. No. No. I would just hit him on there. No, I didn't have no call from him because he's got no news. Because he's got about as much clout with Greg Reed as you got as it was for. Yeah, let's put on. And I'm not exaggerating. He has exactly the same clout with him. By the way, do you get your new contract yet? No, but there was a voice mail from Norm saying to call him after the show today. How do you like that? Well, you better make damn sure we've got that thing and writing it about twenty-six years on it. Because he is so goddamn slow on getting this man to move and I realize it's very difficult even to get to get to get to return your phone call because he's the busy hiding under his desk asking the water not see if the coast is clear and it's safe to come out yet. And the answer by the way, Greg is no, the coast is not clear and it's safe to come out yet. You silly clown you. I'm telling you, what, what a great thing it would be to be born into a lot of money. You know, huh, huh, huh, where to marry you a lot of money or to just marry into it. Or to be able to deny a bunch of people who think that the radio broadcasters didn't like your agignus and then and then just keep falling into a bucket of crap. Every time you turn around, follow it, oh, I'll just follow another bucket of crap again. Look at this, I'm instant process crap. So you got a phone call from Rimmer. No, no, not from Rimmer. I give up. Fat Rich. Oh, how's he doing? He's doing great. Good. That's a good news. Any of fat riches friends out there, we've been worried about him because he was like blowing up like a, uh, yeah, I didn't talk about it all those months. I was we were concerned Derek and I were very concerned. We go to the track and meet him and they were like practically had a carry him in on a stretcher, but he's doing great now. Good. And come to find out that he was accumulating all this water in his stomach, which he told me they take a needle of a syringe and they like, suck it out. Yeah, when it that suck it out. That's my model. But at any rate, that's what he said that he's doing a lot better and all his swelling has gone down. He looks swell as what he said. Nice. God, Richie. See if the track's still in baby. Aren't you happy to hear from the static? No, that's excellent news. He never has anything negative to say about you. No, I love that, Rich. Quite practically. He's about the only person I know. Doesn't have anything negative to say about you. Even your mom? No, she hates you all the she. Yeah, that your friend is getting better. But she still thinks you're a pervert. Oh, yeah. Well, what a giveaway. And let's see who else? Well, so I know that, uh, on a course, Rimmer, who never listens when you're on, except he's got a log every ball of the area. And he's out of town anyways and Philadelphia. They probably listen on the internet. Probably monitoring right now. Let me tell you about something that you can pop right into your mouth. No, not that. I'm talking about all your med. All your med meditory new formulas are advanced combinations of pharmaceutical grade, olive oil combined with good stuff in each capsule, there are vitamins, minerals, urbles, other nutrients in each one is scientifically designed to help a different part of your health. For example, look for all your meds three new formulas. They have one to help you sleep. There's one to help control your weight and cook you 10, which is one of the greatest things you can ever take for your heart. And all of these products use the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil about the best that money can buy. Oliumette is a great new product for your health. And you can pick some up today at public seconds and log reads. If you'd like to find out more about what it does and how it works and where you stick it, call our toll free number. Now, answer your other questions. No problem. Call 1-866 Oliumette. That's 1-866-655-36633. You can also order their products online at oliumedamerica.com. And if you visit your nearest publics and vinyl Oliumette product in data-broward, you can get you a coupon for free Larry Cocoa bottle head dial while supplies last. Don't forget to visit their sampling forbidden at Sports Time every Sunday with the offensive plan home games. Pick up free Oliumette samples and product information that they and start popping some in your posts. But you never get back as a silver doll but now it's used to play. Oh god I am the American region but now I smell like basilise and a lot of vegetables and of a dish. To my heart of a lady I don't know which one the one the one the one. So when I bought meal is just a suit. I jingle my chains but I'm still kind of cute. Got to check out doing radio come home. And none of the cops can even tell I'm a whole doll if that's living in a friend. For the dreaded along it's the SNL I can think about an hour on the power of power. Alomas I guess so little gold is our logo. I am the American dream where the symbol of my butt till it makes me scream and I'll do anything to get ahead. I'll say you wait night, say a thank you friend. Oh god oh god I'm so fantastic thanks to ready I'm a sexual bastard in my name is Bob and Brown. White's in our room and my name is Bob and Brown. White's in our room and my name is Bob and Brown. White's in our room. I'm speechless how long has that been in the DCS? Like three years in the sense of like the first summer show I think. Why do you must have sneaked it in here when I was away that summer? I had no idea that was in it. You have any idea that's what my all-time favorites. No I don't have any idea I was listening to that in high school. And I was listening to that before you were born Frank. I was a surprise that before I was born. Exactly. There's a reminder of favorites. I was like you know doing a little surfing on the DCS to get some ideas for stuff to play in that next hour. And I see Bobby Brown and Frank Zappa and I said you got to be Schmidt and Meamister. Oh it was we didn't have bits as you know in those days. Frank Zappa was as close as we could get to fall. Oh how come nobody ever told me it was in there? I could have played that 100 times. I didn't probably had a 45 year. You've never learned that you like Frank Zappa. Oh you got to be kidding. No. Chuck you're never sure that you've ever been in the name. I can't stand the names of his kids. Well not even do easel. Not even moon unic. Not even Ahmed. Ahmed. Anyway, a rather unsavory move. I keep out his very jackass. Our column in front of me here won't go away. I keep putting it up to the side and it keeps like moving back over right in front of me here. 560 50 50 50 50 50 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Who might take some requests for that new to one hour? The all comedy bit Wednesday are. Well we have to. Which is one. Well that's coming just relax. I'm way ahead of you. Okay. I got it. I might play Bobby Ron again four or five times. Got her. Love that. I love it. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey. Good morning, Neil. Yes sir. As of on Ohio last week and that was surprised you went back up to Canada as cold as this. Cool. That's wrong. Well after the election I don't blame you. I think this is a nice place to visit. But if you can stay to hell out of here it'd be great. First of all, it was record breaking hot temperatures. Every day that I was there was like 90, 80, every single day. Record breaking heat and humidity. Which I hate like poison. I was there for a month. It was so depressing. I wanted to blow my brains up. And so it's going to be cold up here. Big deal. So you put an extra coat on and it's like a real place. Yeah. Cool weather's nice to visit. You know what? I get to listen to Bob and Tom every day. Great. At day I have a song called Dear Puneus that will make you pee in your pants from laughter. I don't think you put it. What do you mean? Yeah. We'll make you have it. Yeah. Oh, I'd never. I don't think I ever heard you play from them. Mostly it's prison bitch. Would you help people war that out? Okay. Great. Wait a minute. What is that under George? Because I don't have it. My DCS. Do you have it there? Oh, no. It's called a letter to my video. That's it. Okay. And I want to And it's coming up and it's coming up right after the break. Okay. And my favorite mohower did. I think the funny one is the open Anthony one. Yeah. Let's come and two. And mohower reminds me of Wayne without the money. That's what he reminds me of. Wayne without Wayne. I think it without the money. Okay. And overbearing. Mark. See you. Good to hear you. Bye. Load it in my penis. Right? And that's something I just got through playing that a couple of days ago. How about that? Amazing. So his psychic powers kick in. There's one suggestion for us, which is going to be on. And also the is so freaking. And what else did the mohhrana here, condolisa? 567. Oh, 560. I mean, you have 560 on the AT&T. Everybody loves that condolisa, but okay. Don't think of it as no trash about it. Everybody loves it. We can't stop singing it in a shower. On the bus on the tram in the T-Rome, kind of lead the give me a break. Okay. Are you humorless right wing assholes? Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. The go and all right. Yes, sir. I just wanted to know. I see how you thought about when the not in sound up that message. You think that had me sublimin a message to the sleeping shelf that he has looked enough? I can understand a word this guy's saying. Say it again. Good. Do you think that? What did he say? He's talking about Osama and asking stupid question. Get out of here. Okay. Get back on up an animal. Can we talk to some people who are speaking with square crissakes? Get back on up an animal. Get out of here. Before it's too late. God. Oh, here's breaking news from Moscow. Wait a minute. We do know that we had a briefing today with the deputy farm. Oh, get out of here. Like, like, everything is breaking news. Breaking news. I rather be breaking dishes over this Brought's head breaking news. So hyper. If everybody all worked up into a bar frenzy over nothing. Just to try to get somebody to tune into that crap to see if Larry's suspenders are still holding up. Here's coconut creek. Hello. Hey, Neil. How's it going? All right. Hey, could you help me out with something? I was out of town for the stupid elections. But about that smoking ban. Do you think about that? Yeah, past. Yeah. Is that going to be like, can I go to a barn now and not think like smoke or what that is? Is it everywhere? Everywhere. You can't smoke outside in your house in the backyard. And you basically on the attic in the ceiling. And anywhere else either you get the electric chair to bring their cranking it up again. When does that start the first of the year? What I guess I mean, first, you know, I realize what you're saying you'd want to be stuck up. But the fact is in a tourist area. I mean, can you imagine Vegas them saying, well, we're going to make it a no smoking town. I understand. I was just curious what the laws work. I got some smoking buddies and like if we go out to a bar, can they smoke or not? All the paint. It all depends on what they're smoking. Like if they're smoking with their smoking in the coffee, shut houses and Amsterdam, that's okay. Okay. Good. If you want to do 10 to 20. All right. That's good. Good luck, you pal. Roll up. I heard. Go roll it up and he'll ever good time. Roll up a big fat one in the goddamn sun, Sentinel. In fact, uh, start lighting right where time jick is hit is there. Little timey jick. I'll say it again. And you notice how he just ignores this totally now. Yeah. He's pouting like a little child. And I even admitted being the big man that I am and admitting that many times I'm full of crap. I gave him my best shot. I liked all those bedtime stories and you guys lie a lot and say that you did. I was riveted. What do you even like? I got lied a lot and said he liked that stuff. You know, he lied to his teeth. That's big. But the fact that a matter is that's not what the audience wants to hear. Some fat old duck fag reading a bunch of very important and interesting and sometimes humorous and they don't want to hear that. They want to hear this. Whatever this is, that's what they want. And I'm gonna pay the same either way. And the best part of it is since I've been back up here and even when I was down there, I don't have to sit like hours and hours and hours. Over this computer like a goddamn hot stove or something. You know, who now needs that? If you're up in the morning, I look on see what's in the Sun Sentinel. I hear all that check out the major, you know, you will say today and news day and the times and a few other. And that's it. And that's it. And Lynn Samuel's of course. My close personal professional, uh, what does she Fag heck queen? Don't be knocking Lynn Samuel's. Okay. She's okay. And I'll tell you if you knock her again. She's gonna sit, uh, Matt, uh, grudge on you. And the last thing you want is to have him all over your ass. Believe me. Now what was I just saying before that? Something about something about Tom Jick and littered in my penis. Something, I think the two of them were connected there. Come on Tom, there's major stuff going on in radio and of course, if you ever bought or somebody would buy Tom Jick or radio and send it to him with the Sun Sentinel, be a wonderful thing you can do for the holidays. Because Tom had a like pawn his last radio because things are getting really tough over there. Especially with them, make it spin on all I'm going to send him to, uh, LA over and over again. So we can get wind and dine and keep writing those boring pieces about the guy they move fault TV shows. Most of which are already canceled by the time it gets back to Tom. But you'll be pleased to know that either yesterday or today, I don't want to check out it again. And the cooking show schedule again. Oh, I was going Tom, you're doing it. There's big major stuff going on in a radio market and he's going, mubble like that just out of spite. When I started to say, was I admit he was right about that. He was wrong about where I do the show from. You don't have anybody calling saying, oh, gee, don't sound the same. He's up there to write. We don't like the tone of the show and you want it or why? Because it doesn't make a god damn good at difference. There was the day that goes by that people don't say, you know something, it sounds like you're right here. Like, you know something, maybe I am right there. How do you like that? Oh, look at this subbed of a big put on. Look at that. There's a goddamn flamingo outside my window or subpidget. In fact, there are more goddamn pigeons in my little patio out there. Put floor to you on. None of your business. Okay. Don't start asking questions. What floor am I in? You want to be addressed? You want to get the no number out on the ear? I guess I know where are you on. I'm way up here. Okay. I'm way up in here. Way up high. If I took a leap, baby, that would have let's splat like a god damn pancake on your ass. Right, just like that. In a way, that place is going to wouldn't surprise me for these days soon. I might just do it when I Greg Reedon charge. What a bosom man. What a what a ninkumpoop. Always talking to this one's agent. He's done. And you're wanting to why he talks to everybody's agent. Because he can't talk to us individually or together like adults. He can't do it. He can't look in a face. And deal with it like an adult. So we have to go behind the scene and talk to this one's lawyer and this one's agent. Because he doesn't have the capacity to sit down and look you straight in a post. Because he's told so much bullcraft. They doesn't have the balls to look you in the face. You follow what I'm trying to say? What are you saying? In other words, when you come right down to what he knows damn well. That the castaways wrote that song about him and all these misrepresentations about this billboard for this and this contract for this one. Yeah, right. Give me another pile of crap, Greg. Okay. Small the same as the last one. You know, there's never been a better time to buy a new home or refinance or resisting home. Do you know that? How about this amazing rate only 3.95%. That's right financial group. Can offer you an unprecedented 3.95%. But if you want to find out more about it, you got to make that call. Call financial group toll free at 1-800-940-LEND. That's 1-800-9405363. The money you're going to save is absolutely. Turn the light bulb. Think about it. You can get a $100,000 loan for only $450,000. Or $200,000 loan for only $150,000. The process is simple. You're going to save a crap load of money every year. So call our good buddies at financial group and get the info for yourself. I think you'll be pretty damn interested. Call 1-800-940-LEND. There's never been a better time to obtain a low interest rate than right now, right? Hey, oh yes. So call financial group and you'll be on your way to save an allow a cash. Financial group is an equal housing letter. Credit restrictions do apply and rates have something to change. Call them toll free right this second before you forget 1-800-940-LEND. That's 1-800-9405363. My life and low. This is 4-2560. You're way too way, yeah. Hi, this is Steve Goldstein. But you can call me Galby. Whenever I'm in town, I listen to, wait a minute, I am in town. It's the 12th of one hour. Died! There paints. I don't think I like you anymore. You used to watch me shave. How you do stare at the floor? I don't dare paint it. I don't like you anymore. I don't like you anymore. I don't like you anymore. I don't like you anymore. I don't like you anymore. I don't like you anymore. I don't like you anymore. I don't like you anymore. I don't like you anymore. I don't like you anymore. I don't like you anymore. I don't like you anymore. I don't like you anymore. I don't like you anymore. I don't like you anymore. They are running. I don't think I like you anymore. Because when you get to drinking, you put in a place you've never been before. They are running. I don't like you anymore. I don't like you anymore. Why can't we just get a grip on our mind, the hand relationship? Time to turn the truth away, feel. If we put our heads together, we just stay on forever. Whatever they're painted. I like that I can't be left alone. When I'm running, while you're shaving the shape of my... Listen to me, stand by and stand for soficking. Understand? When everything is held to the high soficking standards, a selection isn't just huge. It's soficking huge. Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else. And soficking surprises aren't just low. There's soficking low. You'll never find them anywhere else. Listen to me. When I say soficking, as a beautiful store, I mean soficking beautiful. And I say stop is helpful. I mean soficking helpful. Listen to me. And price is that a soficking low. You'll never shop anywhere else. But don't take it for me. Take it from satisfied, custom-up, frank, and stine. There's soficking good. You said it, brunky. Soficking good. 5, 60, WQAF. Resets the OPM Fitting Show. With Mo Howard David. This is OPM. And I'm Anthony. You're waiting for me to see. It's me with a low voice. Oh. Yeah, you got to be affected by it. Okay. Hi Anthony. Yeah, I hope you and let's not forget our old pal Mo Howard David. Yeah, I was wondering how long would take for you to punch the gutter around for me. I really hit the big time. Yeah, I am with the OPM Anthony. Hey Mo. What? Take off your pants. Yeah, we're going to rape you now. You got to be kidding me. This is a family show. Ah, wrong. This is the gop on Anthony show. Look, come on. Strat. Put your guys only get that in choice. Yeah, hey. Get your hands out of it. Get out of it. Got a bit of it. That's my gop. I hope that's my gop. It's my gop. I'm tender. What is everybody want to rape me? Like the sweet thing. It's funny. Yeah. Got a nice back. Oh, I got those for you, Kelly. I'm still spraying. Oh, I ought to apologize you. Oh. I got a standstite open. Oh, I want the red ball. And I put this. All right, my open white for chunky. Let's see if they get on the else, shall we? Okay. I'm going to be my poor jumpy. That's right, Anthony. Okay. Yeah. That's good. Oh, good. Yeah. You're a little bit. No, you should. I should not take. You're a little bit of a little bit of a little bit. Yeah. You're not squashed the me now. Yeah. I really saw it. It's a little bit. You got that. You know, yeah. Well done. Take that away, ball. What? You just got to leave me here. I will be right back. Unfibesity. I feel so used. They did. Excuse me, sir. I'm with 560 WQAM. I'll leave like you know. Are you a sport home? Get them right. I am. What's your opinion? I mean, what's your take? On the recent changes at WQAM. Well, glad that old bag is gone. Cause I want to hear sports all day. You know, just real men talking all day about men. Now I know they got that Cuban filler. He's feeling in. But he talks too much about women, you know. He's a straight guy. But I want to hear other men, old galother men's firm but tight lines. Well, that's what sports is all about, buddy. Give me all sports, radio. Where they old woman all day. Give me all sports. Radio. A graph. Marshall. When I hear sports, old salary. Look out fast. He can run. Look out fast. He can go. That's the kind of man I'd like to home. In all sports radio. For the man that man. He likes men. Welcome to another edition of Inside Life with Sportables. Dressed and nasal mist is our guest today. Yo, Jrejo. What do you have to say about your admirers who are obsessed and worship you in every way and base their intellect and entire existence on your ability to catch a ball? I don't know what I've been told with a big leg of woman. I got no thought. What's your take on over and under and under of the over of the underwear? I don't know what I've been told. But a big leg of woman. I got no thought. And what's your take on those rumors flying around that you're articulate enough to replace Michael Jordan on those MCI's thoughts? And they say you're getting close to signing that contract. I don't know what I've been told. But a big leg of woman. I got no thought. Tell us more about your charitable work. For under privileged children. Help them to improve their mathematics skills through showing them how to properly work. And how to properly weigh crack rock. I don't know what I've been told. But a big leg of woman and got no thought. And we'll be back with more inside, lifeless board holes. In theaters now. Star Wars episode 1 of Angels Studios. Curly Skywalker. Larry one can open and mode 2-D2. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Star Wars. Phantom Studios. I think they're the kind of fans. Oh, oh, oh. Susan Powder. You know her as the loud bulb headed in Fomersville Queen with a bikini wax job. Okay, okay. I was sad. But my ex husband is a jerk. Now she's back with a new self-help take that helps you deal with the jerks of the mindings. You gotta eat. You gotta breathe. You gotta swell. Come on. You gotta start the ascendant. Excuse me, wait. Hold on. They need to say is, who got a start-up? What the fuck? Get up, send it. Susan's been through it all and she knows how to deal with it. Every morning I wake up. Look at them in your hands and say, oh, they're house got up. Put me to bed. You just like you. But she's making a lot more money. I'm just a house life who figured it out. If you say, you're fucking head, where types can close and get 8750 for a video, you'll make a stint lot of money. Learn how to deal with life in the 90s with Susan Powder's newest video. Start the obscenities. What the f-rap in my hair? Of their whole wherever stupid ass-plight you by shit like this. You a-a-a is proud to bring you the WQA at the School of Broadcasting. Yes, you too, can have an illustrious career in the wonderful world of radio. If you follow our curricula, the course is free. Of course you'll work for free. Go 1-800-1-A-B. And speak to our director of education Mr. Letty Marjans. So, you want me a boy castle? Oh, I want a boy castle. Why castle? Yes. So, you're a castle. Well, you're a new sa-news. You're a new... You're a new... You're a... You're a... You're a new... You're a... How'd you take your order, so you need help? Yeah, we have the yellow beginner's course. We feed after me, man. We-we-we-we-we... What are you doing? We-we-we-we... We-we-we... We-we-we... You don't go here. We have the objective to live away, woes. Wait, no, what you need? Wait, no, what you need? Take him as you call. I'm gonna do it. I'll show you right now. I'll pay you off to me. I'll pay you off. I'll pay you off. I'll pay you off to me. Hey-hey-hey. I know for him we have the high rhublaic division. I'll buy each other. Honestly, I think we call anything! I upload online codes on the internet. I don't even want to make this decision again, but that's something I need help in getting his information out of it. Decker. Kevin, I might continue. I did delete it if you decide not if he has understood what it means. What's just a day to him? No, does not answer? Yeah there ya there Do you know the name this woman's girl G1o1? Yes it's the wonderful world of radio Oh radio Where you can hear your own voice Let the wQAM School of Broadcasting provide you Providing with the essential tools you'll be to make your wet radio dreams come true I mean a 1.2 Love and after 0.5 60 WC here's the big breaking news of Akka sets you out where's the loosen they followed right up on their president bush threatening military action How dare they agree with what a shock he's probably pissed off him far to own no question Tell us from anyway and I'll lip was quivering let's go waste in time We want to get that So hooked up to the oil pump speaking of a host job. So anyway. This who's this from a facts your retetty and Kendall Well one out of two ain't bad Teddy he wants to hear cuz he says he's always asking you for on my own grand plan I refuse to play it because and so do I but he wants your clean tourists and that's not too bad. I'll play that one out of two Advantage you take whatever you can get and I'll tell you one thing If you don't have too much here on your head take my advice it's free and It is called my good buddy Charles Alfie Ray because Charlie when it comes to hair he knows it better than anybody in the world That's what it's all about he's the hair man and He's been helping guys famous and infamous and slippers looked their best for over 25 years for a coonzege because Charlie's natural Hairline system is the best in the world at any price and it's a hundred percent under technical And that's the key. There's every kind of hairpiece out of the sun There's those stupid pills you take it away for about six months to a year and either you'll die first Maybe grow one new follicle and then of course do the silly mouse you look in pieces They look like a farm animal just absolutely collapsed on your forehead and then they're the holes in your head That had the blood dripping down your forehead while you're getting all worked up Forget about that get yourself a natural looking head of hair with Charles Alfie Ray's Natural hairline system and if you call today Imagine you're watching us get a two-edal discount off the regular price. Dude, so the prices right the hair looks great What do you got to lose be said that big ugly bald spot? And don't forget Charlie also services and repairs all kinds of hair systems line you wait for me 25 to 30 bucks It makes him look a lot better usually too. It would look what he did for Bob Eisenberg I mean, this is a guy who still look all like good, but at least his head looks so a lot better because this is a guy We all used to laugh at like take a look at that. Oh my god. Are you kidding us? And I was head from the eyebrows up to look too bad and you also get Charlie's 30-day guarantee If you don't love the way your hair looks and feels and smells if you're not getting ahead of these 10-20 times a day Charlie will give you a full refund no questions asked so make that call day and get your hair back 1-800 321-2413 that's 1-800-321-2413 or log out of the website Charles Offiery dot com Hi, this is plate from the areas newest car dealership plate dars Our lot is jam with a fleet of plate tars is h1 completely carpeted for your comfort and All of our plate tars is our available in a wide variety of colors Franging from round red all away to hot pink The plate tars handles in all kinds of weather from hot and dry The crew and wait Stop it for a test drive and Experience that new fleet tars male and when you buy for must we'll hand buff your cleat tars until your satisfied Fleet tars because the Marit shakes of better year driving Hi, I'm how Sorry, I've waited see in there. Don't look okay. I'm making Please close the door. Will you I can Don't go looking in the door I spread my late when I flat my cheeks are touch in the floor Don't want nobody to see me like that I'm reading the paper And the heavy cap store Please don't come in Business geldi corporal Who care to least I am They close Ragan or Amy By I can't close the door Because I can't pay All right, don't go looking in the door I'm dropping toys in the well Please don't join around, try to ignore I thought you'd do slow I'm in here making With my pants on the floor Next to my chin Oh I'm finally done I'm in here, but broke The hip-hop broke I can't stand up It's not there It's not there I'm in here I'm in here One, two, three, four, five Come on over, honey, now Come and take a drive to my big house In Chapberkwa, we can both get juice And maybe a little Panama But watch the dumb business She's up for a week I'm like a kid in the candy store It's time to cheat I have pretzels, hot dogs, cold beer And pizza, you remember, little Bill And you're leaning out of pizza It's gonna be a wild time Not the home in New York Because to me, darling, cheat is like a sport I'm just like, why it's all good Come on over, honey, now flow on my trumpet A little bit of Monica in my mouth A little bit of Monica without my wife Now a little bit of Monica is what I see When she's far away, that's still a reed A little bit of Monica is what I need A little bit of Monica, that's all we need A little bit of Monica here I am A little bit of you, I'm a happy man Oh, man, I just have to let you lose my type of thing Because you know, I feel my phone You know, when I'm in a lot of different ways I can't fool, never do that I tell you, man, I'll do a crazy We'll send around, we'll leave you alone I didn't do that, but now I'm on the bad end I just don't know what I'm saying I'm just saying, I'm on the bad end And I understand what the whole world is If you know what they call it It was a China bus, you know Bum with your statement, all that bubbles of his eyes I didn't do another thing I didn't do another thing, so I want to do something You know what they're saying, man Oh, my ship is really talking to me So what's the pervert man? I don't do another, rather bad end I didn't do that in the middle, wife, full-brunkel You know that's a good one, I don't want to answer Good one, I don't want to answer Not in the local, not in the local But because they're doing the outpads I'm telling the gun of my head I'm just a little bit of a zero-distance You understand, baby I'm just a little bit of a zero-distance I'm not a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a one, I'm a man, you've told me everything this takes you so long, it didn't turn me off, but I'm already lonely, it's just kind of ride in your bag, it's not the kind of thing that you're in nowadays, so what time does barricades do you belong to? I'm not gonna argue. The guy from CNN. Ted Turner, yes. Oh man, you voted for you, Kenan. I voted for Ted Turner. Dude, why? I just send the police right into my bed. I can do it. Why don't you? Give him my phone number and it's right. Ted. And let him come over. Ted. Tell me, Ben, you are letting you're gonna elect the thought police. Ted. Ted, this wasn't a presidential election. This is a primary. Okay. I didn't have a chance to vote for the other side. Give me the chance to vote for the other side. Drink. What? My pal, Rick, voted for a nothing. I knew this would be the... I didn't vote for a Nazi. I didn't vote for a Nazi. Oh, right. When you're this voting, give it to you. You can really do it. It's voted by my back. When you're this voting, you can really die. What do you mean? Because of that rumor. What do you mean? People try to do it... ...the next time. But there's another rule at all. But by your full vote. That one was racial, the person who was of a great use of religion, the individual. Let's go, let's survive. When they were key for Kale and the new bro's heath is broken by five five five five five five When they're the black crowed and drive any crimes, broken by five five five If the swing is gone, there's eight blues, gentlemen, let's fly by five five five five If the swing is gone, there's eight blues, gentlemen, let's go, let's get a selection by the Black crowed and drive any questions. If the time is gone, there's seven blues, gentlemen, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go Everybody solo! I'm gonna be a little bit more nervous than I thought. I'm gonna be a little bit more nervous than I thought. Oh! I'm gonna be a little bit more nervous than I thought. I'm gonna be a little bit more nervous than I thought. Okay. I'm gonna be a little bit more nervous than I thought. I'm gonna be a little bit more nervous than I thought. I'm gonna be a little bit more nervous than I thought. I'm gonna be a little bit more nervous than I thought. I'm gonna be a little bit more nervous than I thought. I'm gonna be a little bit more nervous than I thought. I'm gonna be a little bit more nervous than I thought. I'm gonna be a little bit more nervous than I thought. I'm gonna be a little bit more nervous than I thought. I'm gonna be a little bit more nervous than I thought. Oh. Oh. You have a time. You can mention you could drop it, you can squeeze it, you can blabber that the clock. Oh. You can squeeze it, you can stroke it, you can even roll and stroke it in the pot. You could sit and read the comments, you can scrub it, you can pop it at the clock. One, play, let's go to the pot. There's go to the pot. There's go to the pot. There's go to the pot. Ah, there's go to the pot. Oh, you could take a tampon, keep a flush of chill. It's not done at the pot. And you can dump your goldfish when they're getting home. It's down in the pot. You can miss the evidence where the cost of breaking it down at the pot. Oh, you got it. Let's go to the pot. Okay. Let's go to the pot. Let's go to the pot. Ah, let's go to the pot. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, uh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh I think I will. My daughter, I'm there now. I have bitches little welcome to the neighborhood. Is her family recipe for pineapple upside down cake? I like to take your pineapple anyway. I'm sat down sideways. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Thank you Mr. President. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. Thank you Mr. President. I'm so happy. Thank you Mr. President. Thank you. Thank you Mr. President. Bye-bye then. Fuck. Fuck. No, it's just a lady for much more. That's all. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. I said I'll get it. Just sit down and shut up. What do you please? They're a bunch of girls. I can't believe it. Well hello. Hello Mr. Clinton. I'm a landcraftian. Keep divorced. Are you the escort? I know sir. I'm sorry, Mr. Crickets. What can I do for you? I just wanted to welcome you to the neighborhood. Well the escort is not here yet. If you want to jump on a little Charlie. I know sir. All right. Well I'll sleep later. I'll wait. I'll wait over your name. No, it's just another neighborhood. You can make some fun or what? Oh, sweet Jesus. Jesus. The doorbell's going crazy. I get it. I get it. I get it. Great Caesar's ghost. Hi Billy. It's me, Marika. Good. Got all money. What do you think of my new bond? What are you doing here? Well I bought that house next door with my kiddy cring money. Oh my god. We'll be seeing a lot of each other in the year 2000. No! Hey, baby. I'm feeling kind of hungry. What's the law? Come here, daddy. I won't thank you for something. You're good, Sam. Very good nutrition. By the man's law. Help you build your muscles. To play basketball. When you need some red, And you want something big. I'll get clean up. Stir it one of the reds away. It's Steve, you want to red. It's Joey, why red? You're married. This one, that all you people know, How a stone or spear. You know, we're high. You know, we're high. You know, we're gonna have the brownies. You're gonna have hot so glorious. And the ginger and garlic is curious. So I asked the mouth of some cannibals. You told before, stood on the bus. The my friends didn't love the pot. Every day, you're in now. We just can't stop one day. We even took up for the cop. Go get a big fat hook up. Say, I've got my jeans. Seeds, seeds, four mowings. We'd see a wood for it. We'd free, free, free. We're gonna get, I'm staying up like my seas. Seeds, seeds, four mowings. We'd see four mowings. Let me smoke fat fun. Baby, that fun, the bomb, bomb, bomb. I love when I smoke the bomb. Just like you can choke, yeah, yeah. That fun, the bomb, bomb, bomb. Baby, that hot, so glorious. Every day, you're in now. I was curious. So I asked my mouth of some cannibals. You just smoke before school, on the bus. The my friends didn't love the pot. Every day, you're in now. We just can't stop one day. We even took up for the cop. Looking at a big fat hook up. Say, I've got my jeans. Seeds, seeds, four mowings. We'd see a wood for it. Free, free. Get a road again. Say, I've got my jeans. Seeds, seeds, four mowings. We'd see four mowings. Let me smoke the phone. Okay. Baby, that fun, the bomb, bomb, bomb. I love when I smoke the bomb. Just like you can choke, yeah, yeah. That fun, the bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb. Hey, baby, man. Get your pass right over here. Oh yeah. Welcome back to the highly rated, Mohaw and a David at the show. Holding to my own, navigation. Okay, stupid worry. You with the winnets. Go, bro. You were doing that to me. Oh yeah, sorry, mo. That's better. Oh, wrong day. Oh, Chris. I can see you can see that, yes. Okay. Run day. Can I have you? Chris. Come here. I want you. Run day. Get speed. Not that's it. Now, I might watch you. Okay. Run day. He's up with you. Wow. What's with that kung fu grip? Sorry, mo. We got one of our three very important coolers on the line. Let me Chun the camera. Me here, you want someone? We want a black one be here, sewerzia You can Lambda cat. This can a Boti t ing is saying, did you do it? I think I'm not doing it thank god. I think I did bugger it. Oh is almost invisible. auto i've got all of them wait twenty moments of the 11.5.62. Come on, I got the mad dog. Come on up on a clock. Hank is a three without what's his name. I were wondering, Hank three to seven or four hours all by himself. Oh my god. Can that be for real? That was funny. Shikko Pantheon preview at seven. A Pantheon is in a flyers and Philharpia is seven, three to nine, Eddie K from G A after the hockey game. And Joanne Mark overnight. Don't forget, Joanne and the guys. See, you've got so many people going to be there. That takes like half an hour to be the promo. Yeah. Join to the guys. Do you want join? What is your name again? Oh, hang on. Hang on. Hang on. Whatever. Join Fagadorn and all his other pizons. Five to seven and treasure island this afternoon. And there'll be some abroad to broads from Duches wild performing and doing the magic tricks to it. Five to seven to seven. The saffron known at Treasure Island right off the Paul Medon north of 122th Street. Mostly by request today. We know just how many requests we had. Yes. All pretty good stuff. To not the usual same old-taired retread stuff, but some pretty good stuff, including a couple of requests from Mothnolets. Wow. Pretty amazing. I totally, he's the only one in the station in management position involved in the show. The rest of them are like, move, move, move, move, move like that. And of course, graceful hiding out of the desk. What am I gonna do? What am I gonna do? I don't know Greg. You made the mess now. You cleaned it up sweetheart. Twenty-two one and five sixty WCM and speak in about what a great segue in the dry concepts. Well, I'll tell you, you're still crap in a carpeting. And even if you have the best carpeting in the world like I do, I've got pretty good carpeting in my house. But boy, you spill a bunch of crap on there. Or maybe you got a first dog or a cat or a first cock or two, whatever it is. And you got some nasty schmutz and of course, people walk on it and grind it in the carpet. It looks like hell. And with the holidays coming all those guests gonna come and peruse your house and check every nook and cranny to make sure that you're not a slob. You're gonna have one have dry concepts coming to your home and make those carpets look like brand new and just about anything else that needs some cleaning. Look new too. How do they do that? They dry clean them. That's that exclusive patent that method. You can be more about it on their website at dryconcepts.com. And what a job they do. They make even the nastiest looking carpeting look and smell. Lemonty fresh just like brand new. They're drying a couple of hours and boy, you'll just be amazed. And they give you a guaranteed written price before they start doing a sensational job. And dry concepts all season around beatable job. We're cleaning your furniture and drapery spotty, fiber protection, carpet repairs, infant or a log service for your precious flying carpets, deodorization and complete water damage restoration if you have a flood. They do just such a great job. I've been using them in my home for over 20 years. And everybody I know all my relatives, all my enemies and friends and everybody else uses these folks and you'll use them forever too once you use them the first time. Call them toll free from anywhere and let them do their amazing masterful miracle on your floor. Call 1-800-248-5071. 1-800-248-5071 clean today, entertained tonight. Like I said, it's not just their slogan and dry concepts. It's their business. Okay, a little interrupt this here on this fact. You just sent me. Yeah. You know, this house sharp. They are an, I appreciate the interest. The great concern the audience. But it says, oh, the Bong song that Schmidt was free. No belief. Nobody checked right at a careful moment. You listening. See, listen to it again. And you'll notice that he's saying. And we were concerned about that two in the beginning. The beast says, wish it was free. Wish it was free. Okay. So let's do it again. Check it out. Sit through the seeds. Get the seeds out of there. Roll a big fat one. Have a nice day. Yeah, the honey. You're on. Yeah. We like the chance. Thanks. I know. We want to be free. We like it. We're going to show this over here. We can't even watch the horror. We can't even watch the horror. It'll have times when it feels like 2,000 shoppers are looking for bargains inside your head. When that happens, reach for the pain reliever, especially formulated for shoppers headache. You extra string, Tylamol. T-Y-L-E-M-A-L-L. Tylamol. Each Tylamol can't let his shape like a miniature orange jeweliest thing. It is twice as effective as a squad of mall police. Just two Tylamol create an artificial atmosphere inside your stomach and help you shop for hours without real air or natural sunlight. T-Y-L-E-M-A-L-L. Extra string, Tylamol. For the makers of K-Mark Plant 8. You're so beautiful. Walking like you hit my door. You're one more bout to blow. I can't handle my brave age. But stay out of my pain. If you're the perfect man I drive away. Your heart and his whole is. You're someone who gets me pissed. You face the next definition if you're the perfect man I drive away. Cause I choose to love window. If the truth of it you know. I'm the one that didn't let you call them you're the perfect man I drive away. Your body and his whole is. You're someone who gets me pissed. I'm willing to have a point. Yeah. See your feet with all of them here. I was gonna clean my room until I got up. I was gonna get up and find the room. But then I got up. All right. I'm gonna get up. I'm gonna get up. I was gonna go to class before I got up. Come on. Shake it up. I could've cheated. And I could've passed. But I got up. Oh. I'm telling the next room. And I know why. Oh. Because I got up. Because I got up. Because I got up. Because I got up. I was gonna go to court. You know why I got up. I was gonna pay my child support. But then I got up. Though you were. And I got up. And I got up. And I got up. And I know why. Oh. Because I got up. Because I got up. Because I got up. Not like that. That's that. I wasn't gonna run from the cops. But I was hot. Oh. I serious me. I was gonna pull right over and stop. But I was hot. Oh. Not like that. Now I'm a therapy chick. And I know why. Why. Because I got up. Because I got up. Because I got up. Not like that. I was gonna make love to you. Oh. I got up. I'm sorry. I was gonna need you. I'm sorry. Oh. I got up. Now I'm checking out. And I know why. I'm sorry. Yeah. Good. Good. I got up. I got up. I got up. I got up. Go. I got up. I got up. I got up. Go. You're lost my kids. Why? Because I got up. They want... They want. They want. Now I'm sleeping. No one to decide. Walk did I know why. Why. And every day. Because I got up. Because I got... Because I got up. And every day. I got up. And every day. You got up. And every day, you got up. They put you on. I was thinking this whole day drop before. So I got up. I think it was a Wednesday without the new one hour Wednesday without the Afro Man is like leave it in a house without your silver piece on you know It's a fan see the theme. I were developing here in his last hour. Yeah, I did notice and I'll tell you one thing the Schmidt up here is really good I mean 9 minutes till 1 at 5.60 WQM. I got the mad dog coming up a one o'clock and Hank at three with a full four hours today of Merchant and entertainment that we got the panther game that I bought in plain some a lot of points But pretty boring to be honest with it Tom layman's not a boring guy. He's pretty exciting In fact he's one of the most highly motivated people I've ever met my life and love is the people listening to the show and all of us even the house boy loves you Which is why he's gone. Maybe someday. I'll have the George Rodriguez deal going on down there The harm again the harm that what's your name hard on the thagodorn the fact Fagodorn hard on deal anyway. It's the new runges deal right now at Halipani Xave extra big dollars on all Pontiacs and GMC's and stock just mentioned my name or George's name or Hart harm a what is it? I'm a harm again and you get special savings at Aleph Paniac one 3411 South, Tixie Highway that's US one right across from the falls where they've been going strong and doing people right For over 35 years now right now is I'm speaking every day close Mark with what is supposed to be the lowest price But if you mention the arrages deal they'll even oxymeter off and save even more You sure take a look at that the great envoy voted motor by motor trend is the SUV of the year and the fancy schmancy all new vibe SUV that's got the power of a big expensive sports car and it's pretty damn good But ain't no Corvette Halipani also got a great selection dependable pre-owned cars trucks this U.Vs and credit Forget about it even if you got the worst credit on the face of the globe Even if you have worst credit then the beeslies makes no difference because they'll make you at the deal at Halipaniac Don't forget 1 3 4 1 South Tixie Highway US one right across from the falls open every day seven days a week You can call me 305 238 40 and say what's this deal deal all about 305 238 40 40 Halipaniac GMC will be pro-fessional grade Hello I Don't have a poem Oh Oh San Tana you curton play his Grammy performance with Rob Thomas and on the latest hit with Michelle Branch Everybody wants Santa on their song so we've compiled a CD collection of every artist Santa has ever played with like M&M Two NFL members call roundie outside On ran from Kelly It stands hand is a licks for everyone CD including unrelays tracks from Carlos and John Tess. But someday your journey will end. He has to be there for you as long as he's a guitar playing the horror who will play with anybody except of course Kelly Clarkson. No way man. Sands hand is licks for everyone. Order now on receive a personalized bonus track where Sands hand plays your very own birthday song. Come out. The bad dog is out of control and you'll find out why. When you hear the latest release from Blackpuster Entertainment, Jim Maddige sings duet. Well, well, all right. I'm running free, well, all right. Here's the mad dog. Jim Maddige sings classic role. All right. All right. All right. All right. Yeah. All right. All right. All right. Well, all right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. Well, no drag! Well, no drag! I'm gonna be so happy! At first, Jim said he built a little bit foolish. I like it. I knew they'd get a whore huh. But now he says, I like it. I like it. The man dog just can't kiss enough for that cottage cheese button. If he wants me to sing God Bless America and face his majesty's The jeep's bring up here. I'll do it. You got so... Everybody's on it. That is so rad! So rad! Listen, give a bad dog. Sing himself happy. Oh, rad! A rad! A rad! A rad! A rad! A rad! A rad! Jim said he'd sing to it. So be able now. It all blocked us through school. We got time to do the pull real quick. Sing with some of these celebrities. Makes you most want a puke. Rosie O'Donnell 163. O.J105. Oper 44, Petty Candid 44, rank 439. Rose Anne 37. MMM23 Tucker Carlson 15. But on a 12. Do you re-lew a 7th Bob Novaq 5? Bye bye bye! The Neo Roger show on five cities on you two way out of the land for learned days. Oh my god, you have no need girls.