Four or five on it that have tasted that I'm in with the set of all night out and saying the right net song. Sick man very sick man. Happy. Birthday of Hanukkah today hit those walls boys and girls lines have been forming since five o'clock this morning. Robert Creepard Zach Krance happy weekend happy Thanksgiving day a day late happy Hanukkah to Goldie my man wake up it's past your bedtime. Can't you Rogers coming up next with his little buddy buddy Haggadoran who actually sat on a phone booth yesterday at Thanksgiving dinner have a nice day in paradise everybody on QAM. Oh, this is South Florida's only the source of your skills you weigh in Miami Ford Lutterdale of these in broadcast location and you'll QAM dot com. I said I know that's the report from the beast. I think for the holiday piece was shooting 45 46 47 and now shooting 38 39 and 40 that big guy does make some difference to everyone. I know you have to go to work. I have two more questions for you. I think you'll be coming back. I love it. I think it's so great for him. I know you've been close to him for a long long time. What was your first thought when you heard that QB was going to get back on the court again? I was completely. Yo yo let's grateful. It's Friday you best dude. I'm the first day of Hanago. My parents gave to me. I'll picture on my bed ever needs. Jesus Christ. On the second day of Hanago. My parents gave to me. Three of the happy shirts who sing in Draight old man of picture. I'm happy in prison. Oh why? You look at it. What's the real thing on your head? It's your face. I'm sorry. I'm not. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Oh my God. That's cool. My parents gave to me. Well he kosher, can't he? The other shirts. To sing the prairie song. No. sing it. Trailed. My made it out of play. And when the one is lodging, I'll tell the thing away. No, but that nice. I'm the fifth day of Hanukkah. My parents yelled at me. The warrants and the crisp lost dreams. The gym is got one. Maybe gym is Catholic. And not wasn't getting me. Not wasn't sure. Not wasn't trails. Or a picture of my bed and burglies. A pair. On the sixth day of Hanukkah. My parents made me sing. Everybody will rich man. For a thousand years. I'm the soul every year. In front of my parents' knees. I sing. On the seventh day of Hanukkah. Not bad. My parents made me sing. Seven threesy rockers. You're my world rich man. I want a Christmas tree. I want a Christmas tree. How long is it all I have to do? Christmas tree. Now. Hi. This is a cut. On the eighth day of Hanukkah. My parents gave to me. Nothing that I wanted seven threesy rockers. You're my world rich man. Where is my Christmas tree? I'm the coach of candy. Three happy shirts. Two singing trails. And a picture of my bed and burglies. All right. I'm gonna go to the class. Three. Not on the fourth five, 60. W.A.M. Happy Chinookatia. Happy Chinookatia. So yesterday the beast built in. And the good thing is he didn't sit in my chair. What do you told me before the show today? He was hanging around this morning. I guess looking for affirmation. Look for me to pet him on his vault spot and say, Nice job there, beast. I didn't hear most of it. Now Carlos is just raving about all my god. The show was sensational in the phones. We're ringing off the hook. And it was spectacular. So good that his mom called. So good that mama called in. Chuckies mom called the show, apparently. Oh Chuckies mom. I thought it was the beast's mom who called in. Yeah mom surprised me. I made a request. Thank god I did a recognized voice. That's that's weak. That's really weak. When people have their relatives, they're calling in. Pretty soon we'll be having Fred. I'm just calling in. At least he was going screenless. Yeah. Well that was his first mistake. But sitting that all aside, you know, the fact he was there killed today. Got a tremendous response. Ha ha ha ha. On a poll question. And obviously he left the most important thing out. He said, well, would prevent you from wanting to date a person. And he gave 600 choices there. They're short. They're bald. They're fat. Or then a combination of the above or all of these three, which one? 274 votes. Not a lot of a holiday yesterday. You know, people visit eaten stuff in their face. Pretty marginal ball game is that he afternoon. Boy. I'm talking about the a Patriots Lions game. Then the other game. I love that. Don't you love Steve? This seems to be pretty good. Oh, wait. Even as much as I despise Jerry Jones and that whole cowboy thing that organization, they've already lost enough games. You know, but the fact that Washington blows a big lead like that and gets their ass kicked, you got to feel good about that. Because anybody with a brain hates Steve Spurrier. I'm so willing to wreck the poison. Oh, speaking of sports before we get to all this poll stuff. It's, you know, it's a holiday. We're just going to kind of like lay back today and just do whatever it hell I feel like it. Carlos, give me a. We take any calls today, we take any calls just relax. Okay. We'll do whatever in hell I feel like it. Yes, sir. You and the beast all obsessed with the calls. And by the way, speaking of the beast, the biggest stuff. I'll tell you one thing. He, he may not be the fatest person in the building. I'm sure he's not, but he's definitely the fatest pussy that we have in the building. And there's nothing worse than a fat pussy. He is. He's just, he's an embarrassment. He comes there this morning and he tells me that, uh, Uh, he was some walking on a hall and when I'm cute with it. What's the matter, boy? You're not going to come in and talk to the old man? Boy, call some boy and he goes into this to go to hit him. Can't even though we usually draw the line on his show. We don't talk about them all. My, sir, because he makes me sick to my stomach because we're not just, we want to put from we draw the line at the eye. But nevertheless, I'll make an exception today. Just this one time, I'll let you talk about my business. Okay. Okay. And so he goes in there and shakes his hand and happy Thanksgiving and all this other crap. This is a guy that got them canned. God wouldn't even let him read the sports updates on his show because he's so unprofessional. You're a little suckling for quite an out loud beast. You have no balls, no self-respect. And that's what this whole pole was he took yesterday. It was a reflection of his inferiority complex. Don't you think? Obviously. What would prevent you see, this is the one goal I got. You know, people make new years resolutions. Even though it's only almost the first of December. We still got a month ago to go to a new year. That's going to be one of my main new years resolutions is trying to butcher up some of these schmucks we got in this radio station. Good luck to you. Including George. George is another one. He talks to the game off the year. But on the year, he plays that cricket thing in all the time. Like he's so scared, he's going to get, you know. And the same thing happened yesterday. He was a golden opportunity for this man to come on the year to tell it like it was the real story. What's the audience was dying to know about how he got schmuck and often at show. And he says, oh, well, like I'm like Neil, I draw the line. Yeah, what a lame excuse that was you not like Neil. I'll tell you next step to fat part. Other than that, I see no similarity whatsoever in the Jew part, but other than that. So anyway, he asked what would prevent you from wanting to date a person. They're fat, they're bald, they're short, and then combinations. 2706 votes a staggering total. They're all 381. See, he left off the most important one. They're ugly. That's the one. I mean, there are people who are shorter, or very attractive. When you agree with that? Yes. There are people who are fat who may, of course, it all depends on how fat. But there are people who are overweight who still have got beautiful faces. There are very attractive people. Not a lot for their sum. People who are a bald right for the hills. How about no seriously? How about the Jason Taylor? He's even got his own calendar. There's a bald guy, Shenato Connor. Trying to hit O'Connor? She looks like crap. They give me Shenato Connor. She looks like garbage man. She looks like a singing nun. She's a priest that are not. And at any rate, how about Ray Lucas? There's a bald guy. He's not a bad looking guy. I mean, he's, you know, right? Yeah, no, he's not. So the point being that ugly would have been the more operative one, but of course, so the beast is one of the methodies ugly. He told me this morning that he, if he, if he weighed 150 pounds, he'd be a sex pot. Well, call me the day he gets to be 150 pounds beast and we'll all let sit around a little judge. We'll put you on one of those damn shows. The bachelor. First to think he'd be lovely on a bachelor to beast. Anyway, let's also to skinny at that point. All three 81, they're fat 74. Not only above 45, they're fat and bald 34. The shortened fat 29, they're bald 12. They're shortened bald three, they sure won. This could be the worst pull I've ever seen in my life. You know what? I mean, George doesn't take really good pull, but this pull was just really, really weak. How about other pull come up in the day before I'm so glad you asked? Eric, who finally actually did something useful. Facts me the total result from that. If I got to hear somewhere, you think I have it? Can you find it? I'm, I'm looking for it. Here it is. I found it. This is the pull from Wednesday. What would you like to hear? System 90, M-N-W-D-Q-M. 970 votes? Rick and Suds, a staggering total 387, 39.8% you ready for that? Shocking. The first team, which I'll get more about the default here in a minute because Jim Sarny. Jim Sarny's got another one of his incipit columns this morning on the Sun Sentinel. Just what we need is more sports on a radio gym. Oh yeah, let's have a hundred sports stations. I'm going to take up a bill on Congress. I'm going to see if I can get one of our legislators to introduce a bill on Congress to BAN Sports Talk Radio to make it illegal. I mean, it's garbage. It's swill. The same crap. Oh, but you don't want a certain quarter of that San Diego game last week. I thought that the defense was a really bad call that one past. What was your take on that? Rick and Suds, 387. My take was yesterday that the Patriots never woke up. I think they had maybe like too much turkey before the game. It's like I just went through the motions. You know, like when you're playing a little girl's team. And who was giving me that crap? It wasn't, wasn't Miguel. Was it giving me that crap? Or was it Carlos? Who said that? I was just barely. No, it was Carlos. I was squeaking through almost losing to what girls didn't almost lose the game. Brady took a knee on the one yard line as the a time ran out. Because you're a little bit of class there. They didn't want to run up the score. Plus they already covered the spread was five and a half. Oh, that's why. Did you watch that game? Just bits of pieces. So what do you know about it? What the hell do you know about it? Do you know anything about it? The score? That's good. Now, dummy up. You're going to have to answer us today today that I draw another line in the same. And that is you got a butcher up you guys. And also, get a speaking of butcher up Eric up there. We're taking all these sob stories. You're overworked and you're underpaid. And you're up till three in a morning and you're not going to eat. Well, good. And let Carlos do some work. He's going to do it for free, which is what we like the best. Booked up that website of ours. It's an embarrassment. It's humiliating. We got news on it. We got news from before Jesus was a baby. Oh, it's meals 40th birthday. That's a little bit of go. Huh? About 20 years ago. Got all mighty Eric. We like it. We appreciate what you've done. But let Carlos get in. It's like so paranoid. You know, he's afraid you're going to like take away his. Whatever it is. Take away his breakfast burritos or something. Rick and Sots 387. The first team, Joe Gildy and Defel 166, loads you like here. Six to nine a.m. I would listen no matter 151. They got other places to go. Like maybe Howard sperm. Five and Tom 73. There was a late edition. And I apologize to them because we had to put them on the right way. They did any better than that. Classical music 63. I'm happy with Mo had only 45. 4.6% pretty weak. Ron and Ron had 44 votes and they don't even exist anymore. And coming in last place, suckin' wind 41 for Paul Castro. No, Bo 41. So the battle really was for last place between Mo, Ron and Ron, who I'm existing more Paul Castro. Bo who ain't had an original idea in his mind since he was born. So that's the pull from Wednesday. We apologize for the police that the beast put on there. He did a pretty good job by hearing it then he. It was about it all. Ha ha ha ha. And a lot of calls. He had more calls. Yesterday and we got right now until we don't have a call on the board. Doctor, we're taking it. Why would we take some? Maybe not. All depends. Keep them guessing. Don't ever let him know. I had a time. Don't tip your hand, Carlos. That's the way to do it. Just keep them guessing. Maybe we will. Maybe we won't. Maybe they won't call anyway because they're busy shopping. Or they're busy light and nurture new cacambles on the menorah. You know what they say? Cano horror. Let's like the menorah. Hey, it's here the holiday shopping season. Everybody go traffic, lines, parking hassles. If you need new mattress, do you really want to be outshelped around at this time of the year? No, of course not. So do the smart thing like I do. Call the betting experts at 1-800 mattress. That's the number for dialometrist. Now's the time to call 1-800 mattress. You get your new mattress today and sleep like a baby tonight. Dialometrist carries the areas largest inventory of top quality cilly. Sort of simins the keycrawl mattresses. I've been sleeping on a dialometrist for years and I guarantee there's a best in the world. And as far as delivery is concerned, they are unbeatable. You get same day delivery. Things weekend's most holidays whenever it's convenient for you. They have a 99% on time delivery record. Call now heavy new mattress and as little as a couple of hours or Tuesday night and time. Most convenient for you when you're going to be home. They're not like the cable company that gives you an 8-hour window and still doesn't show up at all. Plus they take away the crappy old bedding and set up your brand new one for you. If you're a snowboard just coming back you're way to the old mattress and have your relax on new one. You'll be sleeping better than you do at home. Call dialometrist right now. Call free 1-800 mattress of order holidays. Shoppers don't waste time going from store to store. Especially now for the best mattresses and even better prices call 1-800 mattress. 1-800-MATT-RES Tom at Old Neal Curtoid. Call dialometrist the easiest possible way to buy a bed. We're sports for Neal Fife's. You a. You picked a good time to come in. It's always great to do these shows after a win. It's always complaining. When every lost comes up he's it's his turn in a barrel. Let's go to Rick and Miami. Go ahead Rick you're on with Randy. Hey what's going on Randy? How you doing? All right buddy man. Great game on a Sunday man. Great great game man. Y'all get a real good job and every half six of the game and it was a perfect game. I got to give it to you guys. I mean you know. I'm one of the pure fans. You know when we were losing I had my head down. I was but I kept on walking straight. You know everybody all the season's going down. You know I looked at it and I said hey man it ain't over yet. You know my boys go out there and go to the pan of the business on the field. Yeah. And I just wanted to call the same man. Great job man. Good. You know I'm looking forward to seeing you guys back at battle on Sunday man. Thank you. Okay. All right. Nice to your call. We are in Miami. Go ahead Leo. Hey what's up. How you doing? I'm good. Randy I got to tell you man. We love you here in Miami. Do you are the man? People have to get work. I got a question. Not not. You know what I'm saying? I think we're from you but how do you feel about not having enough of a Desmond Clark and hang out so that you know if you can answer that. Be great. Hang up and listen. Well actually does the cards get in a lot of plant. Well yeah that's you can play a lot. I mean Desmond is pretty much kind of me. It's kind of in the same mode with Titan. You know he's a really phenomenal player. He's a very quick and I was breaking the heat. He's got to feel the really you know. It takes a lot of a lot of things away from me. You know not a job. We play a lot of there too. Right now that we have three good tidings there. We're going to play a really well. They really can't discuss for anybody. Randy he was so he was a wide receiver one time. I wasn't he so he's he's a guy who was big enough to play Titan but he's got Pretty good speed. Yeah he's he's like I say he's he has a set of speed. He's really I mean a lot of people know how bad Desmond is. They're moving you know he's like I see he's very quick and very hard a couple One-on-one open feel. Okay let's go to Mark and Hollywood or I'm sorry Brett on a mobile. Brett you're on WQAM with Randy go ahead. Hey Randy how's it going? I just want to say that I think that we should get the ball to you. More so that we can get two rookie of the years two years in the row. And how do you feel about being moved out to provide receiver position? I guess I do anything I can't I don't mind split now you know like I said whatever whatever I can do to have the team You know I would like everybody once had the ball on time. Sometimes he don't want to want to go around and we have some it's been as weapons as we have you know you had to spread the ball out. Okay thank you. Okay thanks. Clinton Portus would appear to be the front runner right now for the rookie of years but I would thank you. Oh yeah Clinton you know me you know me you know I say you know what I like and I talk to another day you know I'm going to do What is the you know hopefully you know they come down to me. Probably okay. Oh yeah probably a lot better than rookie than you. Speaking of agents is something in your contract that would give you a little more. We go we go lead that. Let's take one more before we break Mark and Hollywood. Good Mark. Yeah hey Randy I was good to have you aboard I've been a daughter of dolphin fan for years going back to 1980 come out of high school and you definitely feel the void is tight and position and going to a stagnant period. Hang this up baby. Look. If you had one shot or one opportunity to buy everything you wanted for Christmas at one place. One store. What you do it. Or just let it slip. No. This time is short. These week bags are heavy. He knows that he said he's in big debt already. He's nervous but his purpose at JC Men. It's the secret to shop a shop without letting or no. He didn't go with the rest of the crowd and travel around. He's West North and South. He has the receipt. So they won't find out. He got everyone covered without milling around. The class went out times up over low. One place will no count. It keeps the spent tower dispensers on his salary broke. But he's glad that he won't be traveling won't be battling that. And we will know he won't have it. His heart will day have it to shop. But us happy and happy. If that's the time with this time forget all that crap. You're in the same boat. Don't matter. Just stay in one store. Easy young when you're home then you know. It wasn't fantasy. It wasn't fantasy. It was that easy one stop shop. You better choose the place to shop. And the moment it opens the time to spend your dough. You only need one stop to shop. Just planning and know. This opportunity comes once in a year time. You better choose the place to go shop. And the moment it opens the time to spend your dough. You only need one stop to shop. Just planning and know. This opportunity comes once in a year time. You better choose the place. 919-560WQM happy Friday to be happy Chinooka and all the other stuff that we're going through now. Matter of fact like from right now all the way through the end of the year it's basically like just when we're going to be. One big holiday and that's the way we approach it on this show. All the holidays all the time. I'll tell you who I blame for the beast. And that's it for you. Are you going to be in Carlos for that? What? Yeah, I blame you for it. You're going to be in there now. You were like he invited you to be like the equal partner in the show which makes sense to me. Right. And you should like forced him to like you know spill the beans. Oh you should you should have heard what was going on between between a soft the air. Yeah, I was trying to make sure. So cares about the audience can hear what's going on off the air. You should have done it on the air. He was really worried that something was going to happen. Like what? Like uh, off the hurricanes? What? What a little pussy man. I'm going to tell you. For a guy to weigh 600 pounds. This man is the worst pussy I've ever seen in my life. Scared of his own shadow and believe me when you got a shadow that cast that big. Maybe he's got a good reason. Good. Go a little pair. Will you please? Did Lawdon take a fake Swiss lab says? The latest audio tape statement attributed to accused terrorist mastermind Osama. Yamama Vinlaw is not authentic. Swiss research institute says? The Swiss-based Dalamol Institute for Perceptual Artificial Intelligence said, It's 95% certain the tape does not feature the voice of the long apps in terrorist leader. The review of the tape was commissioned by France to Television, and its findings were presented by the Institute's professor Irve Bullard, Neurolation of Harness Driver Irve Filion, and a special TV report shown late last night. He said the Institute compared the voice on the tape first there two weeks ago on Algesire and Eurobard TV network with some 20 early recordings of Inloven, and they say 95% sure it is not him. US experts maintain the tape will likely never be fully authenticated because its poor quality defies complete analization by even the most sophisticated voice print technology, but US experts who have heard it's generally support the conclusion by US law enforcement officials that it is him. So I guess what we can conclude with is, what are two things either written or it's not. Yeah, like we said, either he's alive or he's not, either he's in Afghanistan or he's not. Pretty old said, pretty weak. Our poll question today is inspired by a big article in the Toronto story yesterday. Author says, author's picture of Bush is anything but Marana. He says the president and more on his sociopathic. It's a great article which I'll get to eventually. Here's our poll question today. Which of these best describes President George W. Bush will give you choices all the way across the spectrum? We don't want to load it up here one nothing. Which of these best describes George W. Bush more on? Great leader, idiot, mediocre, okay or dangerous. Those are your choices, okay? Yeah, I blame you, Carlos, you should have booked him up. Sorry. So you're saying that in between during the breaks he was like wimping out. I was asking why and come on. No, no, no. See, if you shouldn't be asking, you should have been telling him, come on. You spice up the show, give the audience something exciting and interesting here that they're looking for. And you also wanted to keep the show light. Lame excuse, lame excuse, okay? That man ain't going to be doing this show again ever again unless he just say promises next time to Bush up. Just a little bit, a couple of notches. What's this call we got here on two? Is it from anywhere we know hello? Good morning, Neil, how are you today? Okay, sir. Okay, anyway, I just want to talk a little bit about yesterday in Kenya because what we don't do and we don't go after Osama, your mama, if you still alive. Yeah, I think he made a big mistake or I'll kind of when he went after the Israelis because these Israelis amount of how many years it took to be finally out over the guy from Munich. So if somebody wants to do something, I guess it'll finally have to be the Israelis to get this guy. Yeah. Yes. Okay, I have a great day. Don't usually start it with the Israelis, okay? Don't get me started with the Israelis. The fact that you're rolling one in the election the other day, the Lecoup party election. The fact that he wanted we have to be happy about that because he's the buffer against the BB brain that Niyaho. That's a pretty sad commentary, okay? I happen to be one of those people who's getting real sick and tired of the future of the whole world having a rest on between the Arabs and the Jews. The crazy Jews and the crazy Arabs, the fanatical elements in both, okay? Here were those goddamn settlements there, quick they'll be in more militant about it and quit with a goddamn the suicide bombers and let the world keep spinning around. Because the fact is that most civilized people around the rest of the world don't give a flying crap and I write about that or what? We don't care. We don't care. We care about ballgames. We don't care about stuff like that. It's one of what's football. That's all we care about. And Jim Sarnio will be more in happy to tell you that too. WDJA Sports Programs grow, he writes today, in a scum sentinel. Poll is up 5 say moron, force a dangerous 2-grade leader to say idiot, once is okay and nobody says mediocre. About George's WD, the poll is up, it's ready for you. Jim Sarnio writes, you know, just it makes me want to scream. Scream. Scream. Sadby Sports Radio listeners who travel across Bard and Palm Beach Counties keep a button set on 8-50am. Sadby Sports Radio listeners of ever there was an oxymoron that was it. Sadby Sports Radio listeners, as in, but that. Along with being the Palm Beach County affiliate for the dolphins in Marlon's WDJA carries the jacke exchange, would Jeff the fourth week they have to know as well as FSU football ESPN programming weekends and late nights. And there's more on the way. I'd have a hundred sports stations and see how many can fail. Let's bring back the fan, what do you say? Let's see if we can find the foxes sports way to find their numbers. Can we find them with a magnifying glass? He says WDJA is constructing a new broadcast tower which will blast out 50,000 watts and expand the signal dramatically along with new studios in Fort Lauderdale. When everything is ready early next year, expect WDJA to be made your player and your sports radio scene. You can just see Greg right now doing a green apple quitch there. We've got some big stuff in the work said Steve Lap at the general manager of James Crystal radio, which owned six stations in South Florida. WDJA is going to be a very cool station he said. Lap is ready to divulge his deals, but there likely will be more sports talk and possibly a major franchise. Woo! Are you shocked or what? Are we are we crap in our pants? We're 50,000 watts of crap is still crap. Yeah we already got 50,000 watts on 940 right in the middle of the dial and it can't break a one-share. Jim. WDJA M has some monopoly on the local teams but as trouble keeping everyone that opens Marlon's Panthers you have am happy, there are too many overlapping games that have to be farmed up. The heat we in Wilde seems lost in WDJA news station. Someone will jump aboard said one radio insider. WFTO and other station in the crystal empire is also part of the sports plans right now. It carries the jock of change along with the University of Florida football and basketball games and some Fox Sports Radio program. He left out the normal cancer office list there. Shame on you Jim. He said old ugly sack. Just what we need is another hundred sports stations so people can call in and analyze yesterday's game. Maple Leaf said to let off you by the way, want to clock the set no? Oh, don't let me forget. 927 at 560 WQA and I'll tell you something that's great for you. In fact, I should be here tomorrow on my feet last night, you know? Just one of them things are got olive oil in the house and it's always good especially if you die of a bit of keep your feet in good shape. That's one of the many miracles that olive oil can do for your body is so good for your skin. ORIO MEDMEDATURANIN FORMELISER RETANCE COMEDATIONS OF THE PURIST olive oil on the face of the globe combined with other good stuff. FITEMENTS MENERALS EURBALS HUBEN OOOTINGS AND THEY'RE ALL SIGNTIVIVALLY DESIGNED OF PURBODY NATURAL NEW TRISTANCE SELUTIONS TO HELP YOU SUPPORT SPECIFIC HELP NEEDS. Look for ORIO MEDS 3 new formulas which are, sleep, weight management and co-q10, are using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil. ORIO MEDS AND OUTSTANDING PURTENSE OF ABLE OF PUBLICS ECHRIDS AND WALL GREANS FOR MORE INFORMATION COLEM TOLE FREE AT 1-866 ORIO MED. That's 1-866-6536-63 can also order their products online if you like at ORIOMEDMERICA.com. And if you visit in your publics and vinyl, you might product them data-browd, you can still get that poop on for a free, Larry Cochor Bobblehead doll, WASO PLYS LAST. Don't forget to visit their sampling plugin that's forced on every Sunday when the dolphins are playing home games to. Pick up your free ORIO MEDS samples and product information and for your good health, start popping some ORIO MED in your fat pussy today. You're a good boy, you're a good boy, you're a good boy, you're a good boy, you're a good boy, you're a good boy, you're a good boy, you're a good boy, you're a good boy, you're a good boy, you're a good boy, you're a good boy, you're a good boy, you're a good boy, you're a good boy, you're a good boy, you're a good boy, you're a good boy, you're a good boy, you're a good boy, you're a good boy, you're a good boy, you're a good boy, you're a good boy, you're a good boy, you're a good boy, you're a good boy, you're a good boy, you're a good boy, you're a good boy, you're a good boy, you're a good boy, you're a good boy, you're a good boy, you're a good boy, you're a good boy, you're a good boy and so does Texas is for their concerns and their conhalensions, Ted, for finalists, for your award Michael Rock used some Penn State β joining veterans for on a state and Jerome McTugel from the U of M. Correct. Have you seen these guys? I've seen two of them. And the other ones have heard things. Yeah. I've heard things about Sugs. I know you've seen McTugel. What about him? He's definitely up there and the top of the defensive ends. And I've spoken to a lot of professional scouts too. And being from Miami, I said, I don't want to. They might think it's politically ingested in the school that I went to. I choose the, I don't choose the person. They vote on him. And he wins it. But they say that he's all qualified for being for winning that order. When will they make the presentation, Ted? I haven't decided that yet. We've got to pick out a spot and that it should be. We should know that the next week. Okay. Hey, I'm going out the Oakland tomorrow. Yeah. You told me that. Are you going to be out there this weekend? No, I won't. I'm in Tampa right now and I'm doing fishing tournament out of here. I see. Well, I talked to the boss yesterday. Oh, they do it. Yeah. Yeah. You said you were going to have an interview with them? Yeah, I would Saturday. Afternoon. We're going to do it at one o'clock and he's got my whole weekend. I tend to already plan for me. So. Oh, you guys are both rolling the same date. That's right. We have the same birth. That's right. We sat together at his birthday party a couple of years. What a great party that was. Yeah, it was. But, you know, one of the things that I thought was interesting about the rares was, and Madden made the comment on the money night talk cast. They just decided that they're not going to bother running the football because they can't seem to win that way. You know, they went from average and 40 points of game to 16 points of game. So they've just put the ball back in Ganon's hands. What's your reaction to that? My reaction to that is you should go with what's going. Good for you. Uh-huh. And I get upset because they move the ball all the way down the field. And they seem like they can't get it inside. When they get inside the 20, they end up with three points instead of seven. Yeah. And that hurt him. Last two, not the last game, but the two games for that. All right. San Francisco, they couldn't get off the defense, couldn't get off the field. And the other complain I had is that they take out the best run back we have when they get inside the 20 and put in the substitutes that haven't been in their all game. Why do you best in the holidays? Everyone loves Christmas carols. But until now, no one has ever written holiday songs about that. Other big holiday this time of year. That's why I said until now. Introducing Hanukkah Carols on CD. Hanukkah is always fun at Christmas. It's a song. Hanukkah Carols on CD spins like a cradle as it gives you powers and powers of Hanukkah music to get you into the other spirit of the season. On the eighth wave of songs and carol my mama gave away. Eight pounds of silver seven slabs of corn be six but take a lock. A smile is a game. You do it. The old tradition song of the holidays. Here's a whole new tradition. You'll get tired of almost before you know. You better buy gifts. Again the bombs sale. You know how we baked to baby time. Hanukkah is coming. Show time. Hanukkah Carols on CD. It's the holiday collection. You just can't. It's over. 933-560 happy chinoka from all our staff from the jiu-kru. And the specs too. A QAM. That's basically all we got. There's no we got Jews and specs. Pretty much. And then we got a couple of sources just like tokens. Speaking of that, but at the on Sanders, the performance at halftime yesterday in the papery lines game, his performance was like a sitting walking ad for racism. I mean talk about an ugly stereotype. His performance was so gruesome and so grotesque. Only outdone. But in fact, a Greg Gumble and Phil Sims. Between the two of them, they wouldn't know an incomplete pass. If you stuffed the football at their hands. Maybe too much Turkey in Kramer is you know. I think though. Oh, intercepted. Wow, that's a key reception. In the meantime, the referee see when the official is staying. They're waving his arms frantically. Usually guys, that means it's incomplete. U.S. holes. And when the finitory comes out on fourth down, get ready to kick the field goal. Usually that means the paper is still half positioned. They're about to put three more on the board. You idiots. Oh, I think bullets are pulled one off there. They got the field roll team out there. A kick the field. Uh oh, well look at the replay. See that he never had it. Oh. Greg Gumble man. He's got to have naked pictures of somebody. Maybe his brother and Katie Kirk or something. You think? Got to have. I mean, he is a mumbler. Varring terminal coma inducing. Dotted an eye jaja and coma. Do you see the stir by jaja Gabor? Yeah, she's an hospital. Well, and I see that's pretty non-committal too. Do you think she's an a coma or not? Do I think she's an a coma? Well, the original story said she was an a coma after she had a car wreck. That's what I heard I heard she was an a coma. Well, the irrelevant say, uh huh. Akra Jaja Gabor yesterday was recovering at Cedar Sinai Medical Center in L.A. They after the car she was riding in, slammed into a light pool at sunset boulevard authority said, I wonder, Gloria Swanson was there on sunset boulevard, do you think? Cool beat. Or at least her body may have been laying out there on the street. Sergeant Bruce Thomas of the L.A. County Sheriff's Department said the Akra's 85 was in a coma but Gabor's daughter disputed that. She said, uh huh. She was never in a coma said Constance Francesca Hilton. She's going to be just fine. She has a broken arm. She may have hit her head a little bit. And of course, how could you tell? Thomas said Gabor was not wearing a seat belt when the accident happened. She was not wearing her seat belt and so she sustained upper body trauma. Possibly also hit injuries. He said, anytime a vehicle strikes a fixed object, you throw in the vehicle just another lesson why should wear your seat belts. Do you wear your seat belt? Yep. Lire. I don't know where your seat belt. Why don't you look? I said why are you guys so red? We locked into a bunch of you. Don't wear your seat belt. I do where my seat belt. Oh crap. I do. How about Miguel? Do you wear seat belt? Never. Good. Good for you. Needed a why? Sickened parody, who are all these people make up stories. The politically correct, goodie, two shoes. I never do net and wrong. Never pick my nose. Am I right? Never. Pick my right elevator. There's no other way. We kind of guy. Carlos is the kind of guy who would be an crowded elevator. Thought wheel bad. Everybody give a dirty look and he's hit the dog done it. The only problem there's no dog on the elevator. Pilten and sister mother was wearing a seat belt. She said, see, I'm trying to butcher you up a little bit. So next time you're under with anybody else, you like try to pass it along a little. Got it. Appreciate it. That performance yesterday that you thought was so outstanding. It could have been a hell of a lot better if you. And oh, I didn't tell the audience this part. I wake up yesterday about 20 after right. Actually, I got a chance to sleep in late. It's a nice day off. It's Thanksgiving. Even though it's not up here. And then I come mosing in here about 20 till nine. And I sat down to look at the pole result. And also check out the newspapers. You have the world of steel spinning around. And when any time I come in here, it's it down. Very often, I'll just pot up the stage to see if we're still on a year. And I hear all of this assorted, you know, I wanted to see what this morning. A portion was that we had going yesterday. But I couldn't hear it because over it was the beast playing bits. It was the beast. I could understand that. And then I hear Neil. Neil, if you're there, Neil, and it's Carlos, frankly, oh, should we leave the pot open? In case you want to drop some stuff in here today? And I thought, I thought to myself, is this kid an asshole or what? Seriously, I mean, like I'm going to sit here on my day off. I got nothing better to do than even sitting and picking my nose and living with me more entertaining than sitting in here like on a day off. You got to understand it, mister. You still don't get it. Neither of us a big part of this audience get it. The paycheck, even those yours may be pretty puny and you're checked to, that's what it's all about. I keep trying to tell you that. That's what it's all about. The paycheck. Take the money and run. This idea is a glamour of radio and a glamour of, uh, it's a bunch of crap, okay? You hear the promos that I mean, the rejoins were still running? Like that moment we just had for the maddoch. That's been runnances before a, uh, uh, Mary got pregnant. That's how well that thing is. You think that maybe now when a holidays are over, we might kind of like clean some of this stuff. Just like that thing on our website where it's got the news from before our George Washington chopped down in jury tree. Here's some news. Nealtrans 59. Of course that was last year. We don't want to start picking on Eric, do we? Just saying yeah. Yeah. Well, so you, we can't hear you nodding your head. Say it. Yes, Sammy. Call up here. That's it. Yes. Pick on him. That website is more outdated than God damn, uh, the pilgrims. I thought that was pretty good story. I had Wednesday about the fact that the first Thanksgiving was in Florida. I thought that was great. I thought that was something good going for us. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Pretty good. Listen, uh, I'm that George Bush thing. Do you have Apple on it? No, that would have been good. Yeah, man. He is an asshole. Yeah. Yeah. Um, he's been on it. Where does that, where does that stand? Is compared to more oneridia? Does it like a little bit lower on the future? It's in its nose, in the higher. He's uh, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's worse to be, and it's worse to be an, it's worse to be an asshole than an idiot, because you, you know, better, but you still are an asshole. He's an asshole. Uh-huh. Yeah. Well, we'll take a look at the content. We'll, we'll, we'll, we'll, we'll, we'll want to overwork Eric there and have to add any categories on us. It's a long cold down here. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, how, how cold is it up there? It's about this 28. And there was no turkey day over there, right? They had to have it earlier. They had an October. So what do you do? What do you do? You see, we're running, you watch the football games. You go out and have lunch. And I, I noticed that big for the tourist, I guess, for the Americans here, they had the couple of places had turkey dinner specials yesterday for Thanksgiving. I didn't have no turkey. Well, you know, like yours, where is it written? First of all, turkey is tasteless. Let's go see. Well, the turkey, how you cook it? Well, it depends on what you put on it, not how you, yeah. Yeah, if you, if you, if you, if you, if you, if you, if you, if you, if you, if you, if you, if you, if you get to get the skin, you feel it back. You put a couple of bacon. Oh, strips in there. And inside the cavity, put some, that's when I did yesterday. I got a hold of the skin and peeled it back. 20, 10 at five, 60 as far as the cavity part. Back to, I'll leave that to somebody else. 20 till 10 at five, 60. Don't be a QAM. Hey, big things going with George, even always on vacation this week. Now, how did fresh rylingo wins there? Well, think that this would have been a pretty weak week. It was great. Was it really? Yeah. Because you didn't have any special slot, I mean, I guess star. And it was the night before Thanksgiving. You had a good turnout? It's good turnout. It's always going. And George tomorrow, even on his on vacation, he's still working as little as I saw. Oh, and I love the way somebody told mode at George's been here all week long. Every day, Haggard, or now having his Christmas, thanksgiving dinner in a phone booth. What does that mean anyway? I have no idea. I haven't got the foggyest idea. I don't think about that no more. Join George tomorrow 11 to one at Bill Siddles. Uh, Boulevard of Savings on Northwest 36th, we just wasted 27th Avenue stop out of when prizes enjoy free food from Atlantic City subs, where the bread and I remake the difference. Okay. We'll have some of our crappy and versing QAM prizes. Maybe even Daryne the Queen will be there. Are you going to be there with George? George goes by himself. George goes by himself. I would thought that you'd go there because that's your people. No. No? No. Northwest 26th, just west in 27th Avenue. Who's people is that in that area? Oh, it's my people, but he can handle it by himself. I see. He speaks to right language. Right. 941 at 560 WQM, it's going to be a great Friday. I'm trying to push these people up a little bit. And get that blood flow in little cave nice and cool down there. They're telling me you got a nice breeze between your knees. It's freezing up here with some. I enjoy it. I'm not just saying that for the hell of it. I thought maybe I'd get aggravated with this. I like it. As long as it's not like real windy and too much blow and going on, it's pretty damn good. 19 till 10 at 560 WQM, new balances done again. Just as that big Thanksgiving meal made you sit down to relax and stuff yourself. New balances are so photo wants you up on your feet again to hit in for the big, after Thanksgiving sale. This is absolutely the time to talk turkey and new balance. See they've been putting thousands of people in the most comfortable shoes they ever had on their feet including me with those great walk and shoes. And now it's your turn. And the good folks in New Balance are going to help you with 15% off on their entire stock. Plus up to 50% off on selected styles. What does that mean to you? Do you obviously gigantic savings? New balances stuffing you with savings and all your athletic and hope we're needs? Like shoes for cross training, running, walking or lifting weights. New Balance wants you to gobble up shoes for any of your weekend warrior activities. Make the pilgrimage to New Balance for the big after Thanksgiving sale. With 15% off-style sizes and what's the shoes that you used to have to shop for in catalogs or by mail order. New balances you want stuff. Shop the living special order for it. North to charge. New balances got sizes from infant to size 20. So there are no excuses to keep you away from the big after Thanksgiving sale. Go in on right now. And you get all the trimming too. Like new balance athletic shorts. Sure it's an all-stars of athletic socks too. Your fine new balance and they have into a mall, Pinecrest, Boca Town Center. And their newest location in Palm Beach Gardens will be open in December. 15 to 50% off. The others doors are turkeys compared to the price service and selection you'll find right now. Add new balance of South Florida. Why in local year sports radio 560s you and you a yeah. I'm going to mark off the number of guys to get into an NFL camp. When all was said and done, half that roster might end up at least getting a cup of coffee in the NFL. Once they're all through school and four years that would be one of the most frightening teams in the history of the sport. Yeah. Mike what do you think you're having with the high school? It is tough. I come back to this. When we talk about, let's say, let's go back to Steve McNair a couple of years. I've got more than a couple of years going out. When Steve McNair was doing it, we said, oh look at his stacks. Boy, you know, his stats are inflated because of who he's playing. Who he's playing against. At the end of the day, Steve McNair is a very good quarterback. Sometimes when guys get high numbers because of who they play or the system they play. And like Cliff King's very Texas tech. Yeah. You say, act the system. Don't pay attention to the numbers. The numbers lie. So now you're going to kid like Dorsey, whose numbers aren't as gody because you've got so many people around him. But all he does is win. And he's as successful a quarterback in terms of wins and losses as there's ever been in the sport. And now you want to downgrade him because his stats aren't as sexy as some of the other guys. And if you just look at the stats, you don't know that up his eight-in receptions, five were faults of the receivers somehow, some way. And then he's three or on him this year. And as you can tell, unless Kenny really lays an egg in any one of these next three games, that's one vote in first. Yeah. I went through a period this year where I was waffling on that a little bit Mike. And then I looked at what he does when it games on the line. And somehow he makes the plays. You know, in the last two minutes of a game is when he seems to be at his best. He, I don't know if he gets lazy in the course of a game or whatever. But he starts off great and then in the last two minutes of the half, the last two minutes of a ball game, where the last five minutes of a ball game, when they need him, he delivers. Who does that remind you of in the NFL, Brett Farff? Yeah, a little bit. I'm not saying that he's like Brett Farff. I know what you mean. Except around the time when the tempo set, the start of the game, the period before half time, coming out of the half, and end of a close game, the guy always deletes. He's thrown one intersection on third down in his entire career. That's frightening. That's a frightening. I know McGay, he's special player. I think his Frank Gore is healthy and in there. He may not have the numbers McGay he has, but he's not too far behind. I think if Ken Dorsey is not the quarterback of this team, they might not be undefeated. Because he does so many leadership things that he never see. And if you tell him, he's a combination of the A-Rod MVP argument. That it's the best player, the outstanding player, footballs, the ultimate team games. So you have to take intangibles into consideration. Right now, he's at the head of my list. They're still a bit of the season to play out. But it would have to be a real big egg that he would lay from me not to put in first. Who's coming on? I guess the running back from Colorado is the one I keep hearing. Brown's been in fabulous. I'd say, well, if Ken's Barry attacks his tech, they're quarterback. He was great against techs. Yeah. The techs have some good people. Chris Sims is probably getting blamed in Austin for the lost techs' tech. Chris Sims didn't allow over 30 points. He didn't allow Texas Tech to score 40 points. Kingsbury's coming on. Most people talk Friday. You best. Steve. Steve Miami. Florida. Here's what's happening today. Just for you. And a short community-minded station, 560 WPIA. Once you know what's happening all week long, right here in Miami. Starting this Saturday. The retard parade sponsored in Lett Buy the Miami City Commissioners. Then, become a sacrifice at Kyai Ocho as angry Cubans offer you what the true homeroom. The laugh at the homeless toy. Featuring misery, starvation and other melodies under the 395 overpass. Plus, it's lead at 9 a.m. from the bird-out section of Liberty City. Don't miss the Miami Day Police Robocest benefit. And the grand opening of the new Smack Addict Methodones Center. All this and more in the bedroom town of the world. In the bedroom town of the world. All right. If 947 at 560 WCM, I lied. I made a mistake anyway. Lire. Currently, snow pellets in 34. On a way to Ohio 43 today. Oh. It's going to be like kind of like murky all day. It's okay. Don't bother me. And for you all adults and people out there, because the forecast here is not that much different from Buffalo. Right. A minus 3 is going to be the high, which is like 26 with snow. I don't want to get nervous about the weather conditions because that's always very convenient to excuse. And a bar of the snow plow from a Boston by the way, they shipped it across. Just in case they might need it on Sunday in Buffalo. Authors picture of bushes anything but moronic. This is what inspired me for today's pool. We've done similar ones before, but I figure with this all this moron kind of is to go and on and at the Francois, a du Croix had to resign. Up here. Dark overtones in his malapropisms president proud of his own inflexibility. This is from the Toronto Star. When Mark Crispin Miller first set out to write Dix this lexicon observations on a national disorder about the ever-growing catalogue of President George W. Bush's verbal gas, he meant it for a laugh. When he came to realize it wasn't entirely amusing. This is the 2000 presidential campaign Miller's been compiling his own collection of Bushisms, which ever feel he says a describing truth about what lurchs behind the cock-eyed leader of the free world. Which I love that expression of cock-eyed lear. He's not a moron at all on that point Miller and Prime Minister John Cretchen agree, but according to Miller he's no friend. I did initially intend it to be a funny book, but that was before I had a chance to read through all the transcripts Miller and American author and professor of culture and communications at New York University said recently in Toronto. He's not an embassy, he's not a puppet, I think that Bush is a sociopathic personality. I think he's incapable of empathy, he has an inordinate sense of his own entitlement and he's a very skilled manipulator. And in all the snickering about his alleged idiocy, this is what a lot of people miss. Miller's judgment that the President might suffer from a bona fide personality disorder almost makes one long for the less menacing notion currently making the rounds that the White House's court occupant is in fact simply an idiot. If only Miller's rendering of the President is bleak or the net, in studying British or Bush's various adventures in operation, he started to see a pattern emerging. He has no trouble speaking off the cuff when he's speaking punitively when he's talking about violence when he's talking about revenge. When he struts and thumps his chest as syntax and grammar our fine Miller said, it's only when he leaps into the wild blue yonder of compassionate idealism or altruism that he makes these hilarious mistakes. While Miller's book has been praised for its eloquence and playful use of language, it is in rage Bush supporters. What a surprise. Bush is ascended the eyes of many Americans as approval rating Hubbers at near 80% was the record's out of tough talk following the 9th-11 terrorist attacks in those speeches Bush doubled not at all. His language of recognition was clear. It was a sharp contrast to the pre-911 George W. Bush even before the Supreme Court in 2001 had a winner-veen and rule on recounts and flowed after that contentious presidential election, a corrupt journalist were salivating into prospect. A bafflingly in articulate man in a position of power not seen since Vice President Dan Quail wrote Chaka on George H. W. Bush's one-term in office. But equating Bush's malapropisms with Quails and ability to spell potato is a dangerous assumption Miller says. At a public address in Nashville, Tennessee, in September Bush provided one of his most memorable stumbles. Trying to give strength to his case that Saddam Hussein had already deceived the West concerning his store of weapons, Bush was scripted and offered old saying, fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me what came out was the following, fool me once shame, shame on you, long uncomfortable pause, fool me, can't get fooled again. Play for last everywhere Miller saw a darkness underlying the gaff. There's an episode of happy days where the funds has to say I'm sorry and can't do it, same thing Miller said. What's revealing about this is that Bush could not say shame on me to save his life that's completely alien idea to him. This is a guy who's absolutely proud of his own inflexibility and rectitude. Rectitude, back to him. If what Miller says is true and it would take more than just observations to prove it that Bush has achieved an astounding goal. By stumbling blindly along he's been able to push his images just folks, a normal guy who screws up just like the rest of us. This in fact is a central cog in his image making machine Miller says portraying the wealth he's see on of one of America's most powerful families as a regular imperfect Joe. See on Zion. You know how to pass that word? No. I always get it wrong. But the depiction Miller says is also remarkable for what it hides, imperfect yes but also the text wealthy and unable to identify with the folks he's designed to appeal to. An example Miller says surface to only in his presidential tenure. I know how hard it is to put food on your family Bush was quoted as saying. This wasn't because he's so stupid he doesn't know how to say put food on your family's table it's because he doesn't care about people who can't put food on the table Miller says. So in Bush's envisioning a forehanded foreign-handed foreign policy or observes on some point that it's not the way that America's all about Miller contends is because he can't keep his focus on things that mean nothing to him. When he tries to talk about what this country stands for or what the democracy's all about a can't do what he said. This then is why he's so closely watched by his handlers Miller says not because he'll say something stupid but because he'll overindulge in the language of violence and punishment which he excels. He's a very angry guy a hostile guy he's much like Nixon so they're very very careful to choreograph every movie makes they don't want him anywhere near protest is because he loses temper Miller without question is a man with a mission any it laughter isn't it. I call him the field bad president because he's all about punishment and death he said it would be a grave mistake to just claim for laughs. What he says. So there you go there's one for an easy social path says this guy. How's the pull coming? Going to be a pretty weak response today. It's the day after Thanksgiving and shopping day 76 votes is all we got so far. Which of these best describes president George W. Bush like I said 78 votes dangerous 23 great leader 20 more on 15 okay nine okay mediocre six and idiot five. So let's see 25.6% say great leader and arrested. I've got this something less flattering to say about a president thing. Here's a call from Pompano hello. Hey okay. It's going out pretty happy how they stay and saying you three quick things to move on by the piece one of them about Bush regarding the beast like I something positive is something negative to say okay the positive thing is I give the guy a lot of credit because I was in radio when I was younger and I saw what garbage you have to go through to get a career in radio so the kids sticking by his guns and trying to make the best of it I give a lot of credit for that. I really do he didn't sound that bad yesterday but the bad thing was he wasn't prepared. I mean. Now hopefully here's the way to me you said he didn't sound that bad but they didn't say he wasn't prepared. He got better as this show went along I lived through about two and a half hours of three hours over I was puttering around but the thing is it's the first thing out of his mouth is he's on all sports show and the first thing out of his mouth is no sports no hurricanes but we don't know anything about the guy I mean at least somebody calls up and talks to you you could say all of the sky's gay or this guy's liberal or this guy's this is you got something to base it on who we we know the guy is a sports person always university my any guy what are what are you gonna talk to what are you gonna talk to him about that's a good point okay yeah there were there were too many no knows I think I know yesterday I just heard the first two minutes and then again toward the end of her another five or ten minutes but the too many exclusions any aspects like the colors to like a lead the show which is always a bad mistake right and I give him credit for and I actually give him the guy credit I give him a lot of credit for Abina pussy now well no let me say it's about what is this comments about not want to talk about mo they guys absolutely correct in the fact that they can't fire neo-rodgers because neo-rodgers is 50% of the advertising revenue or whatever it might be they fire him I mean he makes to come in about mo he's out the door no he's not well listen I do really believe that if anybody else at this radio station is already been can't offer that show but you believe that if anybody else at a station makes a comment about that show doesn't work on that show that they're gonna get candidates full credit okay what what what if he would have been coming about great read or about anybody else's management there right we have to be that that might be pushing a little bit too far at this point right okay so that's the thing so I mean I guys I give him some credit and I give him some criticism there because when he you know we we say well you know after talk about sports well except for Neil and George it's a sports show I mean not that I would have called and talked about sports but you know that was that now regarding our our our president day you occasionally hear the phrase that when he was a Yale University he received the gentleman's C right okay do you know what a gentleman said I'm gonna be honest as a series no to gentlemen C actually is go ahead okay when you go to Yale I'm from Connecticut originally Georgia's grandfather was Prescott Bush who was a governor of Yale right father obviously went to Yale so he comes along it's like animal house he's a legacy he's got to be admitted right and when they get him in there they realize what a screw-up he is they cannot let him go they cannot boot him out of the university because the Bush family was sticking so much money and contributions so basically they said to him keep your nose clean don't get in trouble go to class once in a while and we'll pass you through to my team is nose clean but the thing is with the Ivy League schools I mean I'm from New Haven which is right where Yale is they don't want to admit that they made a mistake by admitting somebody that's not up to their standards they just did just show those guys on through well yeah I got to run okay you too time for the seven at five sixty wqm speaker to poppill Monday racing is back at poppill harness poppill's now now open for live harness racing four nights a week Monday Wednesday Fridays like the night and Saturday first post time seven fifteen in the p.m. free general parking free clubhouse free grand set of mission every afternoon evening and of course if Monday night racing is back at poppill park has got to be a free spaghetti night coming up at the track how about this Monday December 2th with every poppill park program purchased his money after six p.m. you get to a coupon good for a free spaghetti dinner on the fourth floor players line life doesn't get better than that bring your own glass and this Saturday November 30th tomorrow night is family fun night with free prize drawings for adults free mini horse rides popcorn gifts face painting and magic show for kids all starting at seven p.m. come up for a great evening great horse racing action who are humble winner from the rail preachers up to a private box seat on the fourth floor or enjoy a minute juries have put some of your slice of a lot of these pizza and don't forget to six four top of the park dining room was open right now with nightly specials in the best seafood station prime rib dinners in town the proud county fairs underway to pump a park through December first make a double header with a trip to the fair in the night at the races don't forget that every Wednesday at the track is dollar night you can get you a draft beer hot dog soda large press alert popcorn only a bucket piece there's also a great art can eat buffet every racing night on the fourth floor players lines only ten ninety five per person and of course is always pump it up park is open every day seven days a week full card time will casting start a good noon with high-light harness and third-red racing action but don't forget the big news money racing is back free spaghetti dinner is coming Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday post time seven fifteen at the top of the harness you know just show the sign of the character guys we have just anybody's willing to step up and take on a new role because we've you know continuing our guys around so much it's almost hard to keep track of some of the guys that you guys on defense who been here for ten days and all so they're thrown in for in the starting role so you know it's somewhere it happens every team it's the time you deal with it and how you react to to the adversity that that makes up your team so well you're kind of a new guy yourself did it take a little time this year for it all to come together is that why you think maybe you got off to the slow start you know I think offensively we we kept we came out slow and I don't think it was until the by week where we really could sit back and and see what we're doing wrong and improve on those things and then we came back and had that great game against Denver and really got our confidence going I think that's where we're able to learn from our mistakes correct them and then what that Denver game is huge for our teams confidence and just getting everybody on the same page last year when you guys came down here for the playoff game you ran all over Miami as you look at Miami's run defense now do you see improvement and and also in terms of Miami's defense and the game they played against the jets what are you in for on Sunday well I think it's definitely going to be a hard nose game you know I'm sure they're going to be watching the film of how we played them last year and seeing the different things that we did so you know it's just going to be a battle this weekend two good teams they're you know probably they're on a little skid right now so they're looking to get back into the groove things and you know we're just trying to battle and grind away and continue out through the season so I think it'll be a good game I'm excited to play all right weeks I had to watch you play Todd thanks very much for coming on the show all the best of you all right thank you okay bye bye you can beat defensive backs down to sideline on a simple fly pattern yeah it's I'll tell you what that guy is unbelievable some of these guys actually you know there aren't the kickers or you know even quarterback hit but you know now as much some of the guys that play you know positions where you're taking a pounding and they're playing into their middle 30s and late 30s and their 40s that's a that's pretty amazing I think that says a lot about someone's character well first well I was really excited for you getting that touchdown on Sunday night that was one of the a few offensive highlights in the game although you guys were were moving up all the times and it just seemed like you know something would happen a penalty or a sack at the bad bad time and you just can't get it going and I don't have to tell you you know 10 points of game isn't gonna get it yeah you know I think as an offense that I just think you know we are Friday you passed through we'll come back to this in school instead of how we're David this lightning the boy how strong will you okay so why you what's the big idea you're cute you're a little bit you're a shot that'll kill you yeah now let's go to the home the rosepot behind the abandoned pitty pride hello yeah what do you know what do you say I just want to tell you I love your show man right thank you and if if you see my dead beaver what did beaver so one that's glued to your head all right there's the name of the real you we'll be here to insert some win with it why I love you know I want to launch with with missiles hey what are you doing get your help off and do this the easy way to home we don't Whitman no either shoot here all I'm almost dead. I'm almost dead. Oh, I'm almost dead. Oh, I'm almost dead. Oh, I'm almost dead. Oh, I'm almost dead. Oh, I'm almost dead. Oh, I'm almost dead. Oh, I'm almost dead. Happy Chinooka Mo. Title 4, 5, 16 WDQM. I mean, notice how we're getting one call at a time here in their spotty. That's good. When you get too many all of ones, then it becomes cumbersome, you know? Although I do understand the beast had a plethora of call yesterday, but then the women that we're calling may be telling me about all the women who were calling you yesterday. Does he have a phone hawk in a trinoc with somebody now, or is he going to do the show with us? I don't know what he's doing. All those women you said calling where they respond to that pull question about short and fat and the ball and said, Are you saying that with that voice? Yeah, a couple of them were. Yeah. I'm not saying that with that voice. Like during this summer time when I'm not here at good part of the time, oh, George gets all of these women calling you know? Well, three or four was about right, but I think the picture where we normally get, that's a lot of women. I guarantee you will have at least one woman today. Okay, I guarantee you that. 101 votes on a poll, which of these best describes President George W. Bush dangerous 31, Great leader 29. More on 19. Okay, 10. Media occurs six and idiot six. We'll have a woman there before you know it. They're busy. They're out shopping. No, I understand that. They don't have time to call us today. They're busy shopping. Here's a call for Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. I listened to the BFF today and you're right. He should have talked about why he was fired by Howard David. But otherwise he was entertaining. Not that he was great. Yeah, excellent. And there's a reason why you, you lose 40% of your audience during the summer. George, he's just unlicinable. You laugh, but I will not let you laugh, but I listen. Take all the time you want. Rip George and ass. Well, you laugh, but I will not listen to him. I will listen to you on Tuesday. So what do you think we ought to have the beast on? Absolutely. I thought he was great. And you know, somebody complained about him not talking about sports. Well, he was trying to appeal to the wider audience. Your audience most of them aren't into sports. Right. Well, we got some sport. We got some sport either. But the fact I understand what you're saying is sports is narrow casting. Nero casting. Exactly. Instead of pulling to the niche, he was trying to appeal to the larger market. And there is some overlap, but I thought he was great in entertaining. And I would definitely recommend him as your replacement. I'll take some calls on that. There's a good topic for today. George or the beast. That's good. George is on the case of the monster man. That's what I mean. Okay. Thanks. I got you down. Poor George. Let him hear the fed himself. Is the beast here to defend himself today? For a couple of it. What? No, it's no, but from a, someone who's a ripsy guy. He got some herbs from me from the other guy that said he was unprepared. You think everybody's going to call today is going to say, oh, the beast was sensational yesterday. When we might get some people say it was so embarrassing. I had to turn it off. It was soft a morky. It was juvenile or maybe even it was unprofessional. Oh, I like that. Huh? Unprofessional. I've heard that before about him. I don't want to say where I heard it. Would you hear it? Five, five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a AT&T. First of all, this business like the last guy I understand. A lot of people don't like George and there are many reasons not to like George. He's a member. He's an anti-semite. He's a homophobic, even though he denies it. Although that should be pretty pocketer. What else? What else? Why also don't be audience like George? Well, according to this, back here also an anti-semite. Yeah, who care? Oh, you know what that's from. That's a response to that first call. Okay. So in other words, if you don't, if you don't agree with everything that Israel does, you an anti-semite. Bull crab. That's got to be from that first guy that called well, now that Osama messed with Israel. Now he'll see, yeah, right. Like the Mossad and every other one of our allies intelligence have been looking for him since 9-11 and even before that, who the hell are you, kiddin' sir? Man. In sanity, lunacy. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. What's your choice? The beast or the little one, George? Which little puts do you want here in those summer months? Because it sure could be anybody else. I'll tell you that. Yeah, like we took the Paul Rick and Suss, if they brought in Rick and Suss during the summer, then they'd have to pay them some serious cash. They're not going to do that. You've got to be kidding me. And this cheap ass outfit, they're not going to go pay them a lot of money to come in and fill in during those summer months. It would be interesting. Because it would be great, but I don't want to see me great, because then George you may be spying today. You know, he shouldn't be listening to me, shooting. He says he does it. I thought he had a go out of town or something for a couple days. Then I see he was at Treasure Island Wednesday. He's going to be Bill Siddles tomorrow. I realize that they're not paying them much, but life is too short. When you get a few days off, go someplace and enjoy it. Get away from that nasty family situation you got there. You know, you have to slept them along with you. Go up and visit with somebody you like, like, mom. You know, if you're a Lana. Here's a call from Boca, hello. Anyhow, how you doing? Great. Happy to hear you all that stuff. Thank you. Hey, I was a guy that was the first guy to call. If you heard Beast on yesterday, you'll see if it'd be in a shell. I called. I was at the drive through and I'm the first one to say, hey, are you going to tell us the scoop on the hour? I didn't hear that. Yes. And he, you know, reluctantly wouldn't do it. And I said, come on, that's what we want to hear. But I'd say the weird thing was, is that my wife really liked listening to him. She said, man, he was fantastic. She doesn't normally listen. He's so he's appealing to somebody totally different. You know, George is in there with his gloves off. He's not worried about getting fired. And he can say what you want to say. He's pretty damn good. But the same with anybody else. You can do what you want to do because you're Neil. But the other guys, man, they sound like they're worried they're scared. So the job, and they don't say what they got to say to make an interesting. So what do you say? I'm saying that they need to take the gloves off and say what they got to say. And quit being pushes like you did. That's the deal, man. Otherwise, it's boring. I don't give a crap how entertaining they claim it was. If a guy isn't going to like lay it right out there, it's boring. Absolutely true. Have a great day. Oh, this is a fact that you were talking about. We don't refer to this person. Don't bear ever facts me one of these again from this individual. We don't have to dignify him by mentioning the name. Okay. I thought maybe it was like from a real human being. Here's what it says. Please give us an update on the story on Wednesday on the new oldies radio station 10. 40 a.m. Which I thought was moving to 640. Wasn't that to deal? Didn't we give Carlos that assignment I went there on a way home. It was post-alision. Yeah, actually we did take a list. It was the only station to still play Tony Bennett. But were they playing not like the other facts you said? I said that facts. Wait a minute. I still got the facts from Wednesday where he says they play the Eagles and they play a Fleetwood Mac and Chicago and the Vogue. That's not the oldies that I was listening to. It was 10.40. Yep. And we were playing like Peggy Lee. So anyway, Tom Zicketz is. Verify the Tom Zicketz. Well, we can't verify that because evidently Tom Zicketz was right for once in his life. So this other guy that was told me that they play the Eagles and Fleetwood Mac and Chicago and the Vogue and very refreshing. I don't know what they hold the drugs he's on. But they're playing Frank Sinatra and Peggy Lee and Benny Goodman and the Glenn Miller and stuff like that. Am I right? That's Tony Bennett. And for you can Tony Bennett was older than saw us. Good, Golly Miss Molly. So so far, I would say the beast is doing pretty good with you from the 20 or 30 people who are listening to yesterday. It's the holidays. What do you expect? We know that's why everybody takes off. We know that there's nobody listening to the radio on Thanksgiving just because all the kids are out of school and everybody's off a work. And we have this gigantic potential listening audience out there. 560560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Land. How's my good post friend Gary Sarder doing by the way? Anybody seen him lately? A rotted about? I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I can do all this to you. Come on, it's after 10 a queue. We have some serious fun. VIP Sportsbook.com. That's some serious serious fun. But on football, that against the heat which ought to be easy money like taking candy from a baby. But hockey like the Leafs and they are flyers this afternoon. Don't get too optimistic. You'll leave flanks log on now and see how easy it is to use their sight. I bet you they got a great website, Eric. You don't have to be a high world of the best sportsbook. VIP Sportsbook.com. You can bet as little as 5 bucks. So seriously have some fun. You may even win some money. At least you'll be treated like a VIP. I still say this is the worst piece of copy. And the history of radio Gary Sarder, you are a putsman. You're pathetic. You're tragic. You're stealing money from this radio station. Are you horse players that they're going to love this VIP Sportsbook.com. Pays track odds. Plus 10%. You'd be crazy not to bet the horses there. The VIP online casino is great too. Would blackjack? Crap. Slots with an end and way to disclose 10 cents. We are now talking about some very serious fun even for you slippers out there. It's easy to sign up online. Just go to VIP Sportsbook.com or give them a call. Tool free at 1-800 VIP. B-E-T-S. Sign up now and line on and get you that 15% cash bonus. So one and have some fun with VIP Sportsbook.com. And if you contact them by phone, be sure and tell them Gary Sarder's a put. My life and love this is 4-3-0-5-6. You're the way to do it. B-E-T is I wanted to go up and down the court. We want to run, we want to get out, we want to get layoffs, early poststeps if you can. Early opportunity shots and then, you know, from that point if we don't have it then we want to play the game. We call it plays a game. It's not a freestyle manner but also but in a way that you can go to the strengths of our Premier players. I rose on earlier. We're talking about any Jones. And Jones is he coming around to play the kind of game that Eddie Jones played before he got here. Well, this is, it's almost the same game. That he's always been about an 18-20-point game guy. You know, that's who he is. And I think when we brought him here, we brought Eddie here and Brian Grant here at a time when we felt that we were going to be the Tim and the Dan Marley and Lousal morning. And then we took the legitimate shot at it and shaken the team up and bringing it in. I thought we were two very good players and they are. Very good players that we would have a shot at when the championship and then the kidney disease basically got into the way of a lot of things. So Eddie has done a great job. I think the expectation level for him is probably a little bit too high on the part of a lot of other people. They want him to be Kobe Bryant. They want him to be Tracy McGrady. He isn't that. He's a slashing, jump shooting, quick player that's average and 18 to gain for us. I was 19 last year for us and I can't ask anything more from. Karan Butler has brought some ooze and eyes. I'm even out of you. Is he a quick good learner? Yes. Well, he's a little slow right now because he called me old fashioned in the press today. Oh, but it was okay. He probably should have been smart. What did he mean by that? Well, it was, it was said complimentary. Of course he denied it. But I love him. He's a true warrior. He's a warrior that's learned in how to play. You know, and you might as we allow to, uh, Zack Thomas, you know, is a linebacker. You know, he's just like right there. He's going to take all the hits. He's going to get hurt. He's going to come right back and he's learning. So I think we have a good one there. I think we just got to let him keep playing and playing and playing. And I think in a year or two, it's going to take a year or two for him to really emerge. Because he is, he's a neophyte. He really doesn't understand the NBA game and situations. You know, what's coming in front of him? What's coming up behind them? We all these things. And, you know, he keeps getting surprised at the 90s. And he means something they do that coach. Because that's what they do. I mean, Zack, I got to be ready over there. And, uh, and he's getting the very best every night out. You know, because Randy, all the first, you know, as Trace McGrady also in that particular game. And, uh, and so, you know, he's getting an array of an experience of a player. And he can really, I think go to work. I know you have to go to work just before one more question before you go. He'll be brown comes back to the league today as coach and Memphis. You're all boss. Jerry Westfire. They're like a sunshine boy. So I was too kind of out. What about you becoming better? Well, I think, you know, Jerry, I would never doubt anything. You know, I have, you know, five or six wins. So, and they're all, I think, because of him when I was... That's all. This is for the base. I woke up this morning with a feeling not to stay. I looked for my pussy, but my pussy wasn't there. Well, well, well, well, well, well. I can't feel it the way. Oh, push, push, push, push, push, push, kick, kick. Like a feather and the way. I got a letter and that climbed down to my bed. I saw you and that jiffy that my pussy was soaking wet. Well, well, well, not to get there and do it. Oh, push, push, push, push, pull, kick, kick. Like a feather and the way. But I'm on hold on by the bone. What she pushed, it needs you to. Then I was kidding, have that pretty guess. Who's in the belly of the weather? Then ever was a pussy that could quite compare with her. Then he has a picture with her on his second room. Well, well, well, well, my cat fell in the way. Oh, push, push, push, pull, kick, kick. Like a feather and the way. If you have a pussy that you wouldn't trade yourself. Never let her wander or she might fall in a well. Well, well, well, my cat fell in the way. Well, can 18 at 5.60 WQAM. See, that's for the base because we're going to say about anybody says, Let me give you a comparison since this other guy's comparing George with the beast. Okay, I'm not taking sides, but I'll give you a comparison. Remember those days, those ugly, grotesque days when somebody on our station out of one who mentioned Moe was trying to get George canned? Right. Remember those rotest days? Well, come to find out that the first canned George got on the year after that. I was in I think traveling somewhere, which is unusual. But George did the show that day and he came on the year and he told I died in the hero, but I heard about it. He told the whole story. Yeah. Right. Am I right? You were there that day? Well, I don't know what them, yeah. Right. He told the whole story. Didn't pull on he punches. And of course, this is a guy not only had a worry about getting fired, but somebody had just tried to get him fired. I mean, actually, it was on the verge like about a hair's breath away from getting his head. From getting his ass canned. To the extent that I had a message on my voice, my up here, I'll have to start from our general mangleer from that goofball. I've decided to terminate George Rodriguez. And this is all based on the bluster and fluster in the history of that silly old man with a bad hair piece. And he goes on the year and having a ball's to a least go on there and talk about it. Here's the beast who's gets canned off of that show. See, that's the difference. George doesn't work on that show. He never has and never will. He was not in the mo show. So what business is he got trying to get somebody canned off of this show? Here's a guy that was on that show. It's canned off of the show. Then gets called on professional on the day when a guy's taken the day off, but is tuning into listen because he haven't really has no life. Maybe he was ironing his hairpiece that morning. And he's doing the updates that thing goes out with guilty for a few words. Get him off right now. He's on professional. I don't want him on my show. I'd be like that. And we have the golden opportunity yesterday for him to come on at least clarify. At least set the record straight that he was terminated from that program. Does he do it? No. No. See, that to me is a very high pussy factor right there. Is there any doubt about that? No. See, no Carlisves is there sucking his ass because you know, Carlisves just got to have a job and get a paycheck. That's all. So anybody we put in there. We can have Miguel do the show. Carlisves suck your ass. Oh, I don't think so. Yeah, you would. I felt bad for him. I mean, if clearance. And I why did you feel bad? Oh, why? Why do you about to say if if it came from upstairs if the or is it not there? No, wait, let's go back. Okay. If clearance one. If the order came from upstairs. If the order came from clearance to not to take it easy. During the show, that's why I was kind of given him the benefit of the doubt. And let me tell you something, Chris. There now I went out to look for him a couple minutes ago to give him that thing. That thing you get haven't seen him all of your less than clearance to use a line from Godfather 3. Don't ever give an order like that again. Okay, because basically what that does is water the show down. You put a guy on who's supposed to be entertaining. We're trying to keep as much of the audience as possible out there. And it's part of these calls. These people call him suck an ass and whatever else. You could put a monkey at train monkey on here for, you know, the first time. Oh my god, that monkey was a genius. He was very entertaining. The show could have been a hundred times better if he would have been able to let it hang out. First he has to find it, but then he's got to let it hang out. Is the rain just debate about that? No. I think it was his obligation. I think the spirit of Chris compelled him to get on our yesterday and just lay it right out there. And say, I got canned because, well, for whatever, even if I have to knock the guy. He could just come on there and say he's unprofessional. He's a tub of crap. He's a trouble maker. He's a schmetzesterber. Whatever. Just a joke. Right. But didn't do it. So you get high marks for rubbing very entertaining or whatever, but the low marks for balls. Low marks for balls, beast. So George against the beast for the summer feeling. How about you guys say? That was just a joke. Thank you. Here's Holly Wood. Hello. Hey Mr. Rogers, how you this morning sir. Pretty good how you doing Mr. Collar? Oh not too bad. Yeah, you're right. The beast did good yesterday except that he did whip out. He's on the air talking about health parents, can support him or have supported him if he needed money or whatever. So it's not that he was worried about getting fired from the job because I'm sure he's not making all that much money. He could have had the co-owners and got and said what he should have said. Yeah. And I told him yesterday he could be a mediocre, mediocre, mediocre, mediocre. Bulkaster. If he doesn't just pull up the balls and go for it. Yeah, he's got to pull up his balls. Yep. Thank you sir. Got to find him first though. Oh that's just true. Okay. That's not me. Nothing worse than a mediocre rat. What is it? Media Oker. When you leave this guy alone, guys, a little bit nervous. He called yesterday's call to get to the AFI firm going to hang up on him. It's a holiday man. I'm in a great mood. I'm feeling great. Don't ask me why. Why? You think I'm lying about this. I enjoy the cool weather. I never thought I would. And you know what a prick I am. If I hated that to be the first one to tell you, man, I'm frees my ass off up here. I like it. You feel invigorated. You feel like you're alive. Everything feels clean. Yeah, I would hope so. I want to be catching out diseases and nothing like that. 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon line. Speaking of not so clean, the CIA has traced transfers of tens of millions of dollars from the Saudis to alkada over the last year. U.S. officials and congressional sources be saying. The key backwards about cut are said to be 12 prominent Saudi businessmen, all of whom have extensive business and personal connections with a royal family. These include ties to such ministers as Saudi Defense Minister Prince Sultan bin Abdul Aziz, Interior Minister Prince Nayah bin Abdul Aziz, and we are Governor Prince Salman. In July, the Rancorp were a little bit of briefing to the Defense Policy Board which warned that the Saudi world family has grown dependent on Islamic insurgency groups linked to alkada. The Saudis spend billions of dollars in supporting anti-Western religious activities throughout the world, Middle East Newsline reported. The CIA has tracked the flow of the funds of the Trump and the Semen of U.S. allies in Africa, Asia and Europe to freeze the assets of the Saudis so far no extra said it would have been taken. On Tuesday of this week officials said the National Security Council has discussed a plan to pressure Saudi Arabia into ending the flow of funds to alkada. They said one proposal which has not been approved because for U.S. ultimatum that would give the king of 90 days to crack down an alkada or face unilateral U.S. action. All right, officials wouldn't elaborate what this action would involve hopefully Una Bomba Grande. The facts are not in dispute a congressional source from India with the CIA investigation said the CIA has briefed a key congressional committees on the Saudi violation of its promises to stop funding alkada, the argument between the administration and Congress concerns what we do now. How do you like that, huh? ABC Newshead and if I warm the businessmen as Yasin al-Qaeda, he was described as a multimillionaire involved in banking, chemicals, diamonds and real estate. I fear that many people in the world, family or people close to the world, family have been abiding and abiding terrorists, wittingly or rumbly, and they said Richard Shelby, the Alabama Republic and leading member to Senate Select and Tugins Committee. The president believes that Saudi Arabia has been a good partner in the war against terrorism, White House Minister of Information, already a flasher said, who confirmed the council's discussions, but even a good partner like Saudi Arabia can do more in the war against terrorism and that involves the financial front and diplomatic front too. There's no freaking Saudis for it. I told you on Wednesday, that's the San Shigran Wood pile right there. We're worried about Iraq. Iraq is like Frankie Pentangely, they're small potatoes. Small potatoes. We had to be going into the Saudis just hook up the guy named Sherbroon and Mobile and X-ON thing, right? Just hook up the pipe. You know what I'm saying? Hook up the hose. Give me the old hose. 567. We want some women on there today too, by the way, Carlos is going to be very bitterly disappointed and over the weekend, be spreading a lot of bad stories about this show. Now, do you get ahold of Iraqi air to do with his ass and his shape? I've got a hold of. No, I'm serious. See what's going on here. And at the reason being that I'm too soft. I'm getting old. I'm getting lazy. I let you guys basically do whatever you want. Oh, gee, doing an eelshow is like a pizza cake. Sure, because I sit back and I put up with anything because I like here about getting that pet paycheck. But I mean, once in a while, when you're looking on your website and you see the news, the last posting on there is January of this year and it's already done almost December. When you see the last birthday that I had was in 2001, when you don't see anything about Neil doing the show in Toronto or Amsterdam or coming back after the summer deal this last summer and you can't have that on your own website. You've got to say something really stinks on our website. You know what's used to be great. You used to be great. Teddy Roosevelt used to be great too. And feeling good right now, you don't understand? Just because something used to be great doesn't mean you don't need to keep your ass on it. So get with it Carlos, get all over his ass. Call him up. I want you to make him cry. Okay. Oh, problem. You know how you do that? How? Dial is numbered. Tell me to you. 27 at 560 WQA of Tom Layman and a Halibut Pontiac GMC. They're in a great holiday mood. They're always in a good mood. They're great folks. And they're proud right now to announce the great Neil Rogers Needle Deal 0% sale. Yes, with a proof credit from GMAC, get zero down payment and 0% financing and all 2002 and even 2003 Pontiac GMC models plus zero payments for 90 days. You can take you a rebate up to 5 grand. And as always, it's zero hassles when you shop there. Don't forget to mention you heard about all this. I'm the New York Rogers Show and Save Even More. Just tell him what's this Neil Deal and immediately they'll start throwing money at you. Check out the completely line of great gas-guessling GMC SUVs included the envoy. They make the apologies by the way because there are a lot of people out there love SUVs. So not gonna apologize. They're gonna say, hey, which one you want? The envoy was voted by Motor Trend as SUV of the year in the Pontiac vibe is a big gutsy SUV that's got the power of a sports car, but ain't no Corvette. They've also got a dependable selection of great used cars, trucks and SUVs. And if you're worried about cutting a dealer that maybe you have like marginal credit, you can't pay your bills. Have no fear cause howl it is here. They will cut you with the limit of what kind of a deadbeat you are. But right now, don't forget it's the great Neil Deal 0% sale on Halipaniac and they were the same great location. They've been treating people great for over 35 years. 134.146. You see highway that's you. S.1 across from the falls open every day seven days a week. For more information call the Neil Deal hotline tool free. 1 triple 8 5344-42111. That's 1 triple 8 5344211. Halipaniac GMC who be professional gray. 5th of April. I'm a good football. I know you caught a bit of a break last week. I was in Oakland for their game and watched your game on television. But you know, courtesmasters a field goal, but you're in a position to win. That's all you can hope for every week. Well, with the exception of one game this year, we, if I have been in a position to win each week. And you know, I've been very pleased with the way our players have gone about this. They spend a lot of time in preparation. They've shown a willingness to get the things done in practice and meetings that we think need to be done and that carries over in the games. I was out there last summer and saw you on television. They were showing your your talk at the chamber luncheon and you talked about all the close games that the team had lost last year and how that was going to change this year. You went out on a limb a little bit, but that's been the case. You've been winning the close ones. Well, you know, I think Hank, one that all comes down to it. You got to have a certain mindset. And that mindset has got to be. We're going to try and find a way to win and do it. Has ever necessary to that end and and our players have done that. I mean, we've been behind and retired in the fourth quarter. I think of three or four games and one all but one of them. And you know, that's part of the process of learning how to win. Your offensive line. I know is somewhat banged up. You've been playing a couple of rookies and yet didn't give up a sack against San Francisco last week. Tominson is the leading rusher. Can you talk a little bit about that area and what has brought that together? Why did play so well? Well, I think, you know, we've got we've got some good players here in the offensive line. All be it is you suggest to the couple of more injured right now. But they have embraced our philosophy and the way we've gone about things and of course, Hudson Hockers are offensive line coach and I think you can make our argument to these as good as there is in football and There are ability to work every day and improve the techniques and fundamentals of what they're trying to get accomplished. I think really is unable to even overcome some of them. That's some of the injuries that we've sustained. And Drew Brie's he's he's grown up this year too. Well, he sure has an I'll tell you the one thing about him that probably his strong quality Hank is he's got a very short memory. I mean, when something goes bad, he doesn't dwell on it. He's not caught up in you. What about this and that he just goes on to the very next play and and that personality. I think carries all over to the offensive side of the ball for sure. And, you know, he just has this excellent ability to not be distracted by things that are passed. He defensively you had four pro bullers on the cloud. They had four pro bullers last year. And when you add Donnie Edwards, the guy you had in Kansas City, it looks like he's having a pro bull year now too. Yeah, he's having a great year. You know, he's quite a playmaker. He's got very, very good speed. He's a lot he's a lot like that. No one embodies the holiday spirit that are then Gordon Whitefoot. Really? You bet. And now Gordon Whitefoot takes his best known song, the wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald and gift wraps it around your favorite carols to create his new how they have him. Gordon Whitefoot sings Christmas. Yeah, Gordon Whitefoot is coming to town with a sway load of songs like this. It's Gordon Whitefoot's sing's Christmas and you want to feed him like a drum when you hear his rendition of the little drummer boy. Who come and told me per a boat of boat, a new boy came to see the local boat of boat. Gordon Whitefoot has compiled the holiday music collection. You'll wish with sing to the bottom of Lake Superior. Thank the hose with 1000 holy balladana. Your friends and family will pray for a silent night when you put on Gordon Whitefoot's sing's Christmas. Hey, Gordon, how's it going? A 1033 at 560 WQM here's a lady in Western. Hello. Hi, Neil. Good morning. Our first lady of the day. Yeah. First I have a funny story. I was thinking about this yesterday. I started listening to you in like 1991 and the first time I turned you on. You were saying the day of my daughter's wedding. And this is before I ever saw the Dodd father. She had that meal with gay. I didn't know he had a daughter. Oh, I got four daughters. And I wanted to read a quote to you. I don't know voice. The people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All of us have to do is tell them they're being attacked and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. Sounds familiar. Yeah. Doesn't it? Would that Donald Rubbs felt or how am I in gerrym? Same person. Never seem to gather. Yeah. It sounds very familiar in this day and age. Scary in it. It's very scary. Yes. So what do you think did you listen to the BCS today or not? No, I didn't. I was of important Lucy at my mommy's. Oh, there you go. See most people were a busy. Well, yeah. It's a holiday. I'd always liked him when he's been on with George. Yeah. But you know, because he's kind of animated. I like George. But the beast kind of has a little more energy. So even what you're trying to say, George is coma inducing. Yeah. You know, it's the mottone. Yeah. In that kind of mottone. Mottone. That's full anger in his face. Yeah. I'll try to put you up a little bit. Yeah. We'll try. How about some silent fart since to the season? You got it. Thank you. Have a great day. You too. See, there's a nice lady. How do you like that Carlos? He have a little faith. Punk surprised. For the beast had a whole bunch of muckers. I always hear that no matter who's feeling. I have a little dog. Tiny could do the show. Boy, tiny shred. A lot of calls for him today. I don't know what that's all about. 151 votes on a poll. Which of these best describes President George W. Bush? Dangerous 48. That was my vote. Great leader 44. 29 percent. Great leader. More on 23. Okay. 15. Okay. Yeah. Media. Okay. 11. Idiot 10. He's not doing great. Let's put it that way. Now with this crowd. Here's another lady in Aventura, shocking. Hello. Hi, Neil. I really feel you're article. You are a very gut team man to be reading this day and age. Yeah. But you know the sound out of town. I'm a long ways away. That's true. But you still got a lot of good. I think. But if that article by Miller, that was stunning. That was chilling. You wrote a book about this? No, which are in a clear tone. I think the article about where Bush is not on idiot. He's a sociopath. Oh, yeah. What can I do with that? You want to name it the book? No doubt. The name of the book is. This lexicon observations on a national disorder. It's by Mark Crispin Miller. Okay. This lexicon. Okay. Great. And before George goes, I think he's getting marginally better. He does need to go to a voice school for sure. Well, maybe if we could get him to do some doggy upwards before the shore of him. Right. Okay. You have a good one. You two, thanks. Yeah. I think maybe if we can get George's old drug dealer back or we can get maybe what's his name? Moses. Maybe Moses can bring in some good drugs. What do you think? You notice the silence? I mentioned George and drugs in the same breath. And all of a sudden there's this deadly silence. You can almost smell it here. I don't think so. So, why are you also uptight? I just don't freaking get it. Just a radio show. That's all. We're here to entertain the masses out there. That's all. Just a radio show. There are two. That's not going to get George any more energy. Doggy upwards won't give many more energy. Well, doggy upwards will. We'll see some speed couldn't hurt. Oh, speed. Come on. Moses gets some good crap in here. Okay. Next time George does the show. Him bouncing off the guy. They're mowls would be good. Five, six, seven. Another lady in the forward-loaderdale. Hello. Yeah, I was trying to be the first, but I even make it. Well, your close. Yeah. Well, a close always good for something. Or a good in quotes. For instance, I wouldn't agree that the George is coming and do things. Did I leap for the dial every time I hear it? But, uh, wait a minute. He's heard about the turn of the audio. He heard it off. Yeah. He lies for the dial when he shares that voice. Yeah, just, oh, no, not this again. But I thought that he had all he was the lady killer. Everybody's always telling me he has a Zidian woman call. Isn't that true? I mean, you work with George during the summertime. A lot of women call you. A lot of women call her. He's killing all right. I don't know who these women are, but what if I'm as they like him? Well, maybe they like that eating and stuff. I don't know. Thanks all kinds. But what I really called about was I didn't know whether or not she had a chance to trivial stuff. Dean shown that work had a sort of online poll about the best game show all time. Really? But of course it had to be one of the ones that they show. Right. But, uh, have a moment. Chairman. Well, I don't know where that came into the only saw the very last, which, for some reason, number one didn't get it. They didn't get around to that until midnight. Yeah. But number two was Joker's wild. And number one turned out to be match game. Yeah. I frankly, I think that says a pretty good assessment. I mean, I like match game a lot, but it is Joker's wild was number two. That's what it turned out to be. Yeah. And I was watching that thinking, you know, where are some of the questions they're asking. I'm thinking, this is like their great, uh, government studies. You know, it was much easier to be on a game show back then, wasn't it? Yes, you're one. But anyway, that's basically all right. Well, I'll tell you the one that's going to be, most ridiculously easy questions was, uh, and not when loser draw. The, uh, what the hell is the one where they have the, uh, the, uh, things that come up. Things that come up. The things that come up. The little things that come up. Oh, whammy? Whammy, there you go. See, she knew what I was talking about. The little whammy's that come up. Oh, you're all right. I try to get, I try to get whammy out of my mind because that TV experience we had a couple years ago. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Have a great day. Thank you. The things that come up. Well, I could never whammy. Okay. Would you know from whammy? I think the network. No, no, seriously. Who the hell knows from whammy? It's, uh, the question that's like, what? What? Whammy? Give me the stuff. Exactly. I couldn't say better myself. Whammy. We're supposed to be in five, six. You, yeah. And since then, they played awfully well. Well, coach, uh, 31 straight. And, uh, amazing. Nobody's complaining this week. Well, I tell you, with, uh, Tennessee is, uh, is not the team that they have been before. They do have some injuries. And, and they're all, all those type things. But anytime you go to Knoxville and Bita team, I tend to see a great program. That's a great win. I'm very, very proud of the, where our coaches and team prepared last week. All right, coach. Well, let's go back to whatever it was you were doing before you had to do this. And I hope you have a great week and a great game again. Next week, he gets pit. Well, I appreciate that. I can think. And also, I think we had 7,000 people of our people at the, Tennessee game. That's almost unheard of for my name to travel like that. I love the city Orange Bowl for our first, you know? Yeah, I was at UM Games when 7,000 people was a good crowd. Uh, during those years, you know, before it's snowing, burger got there. Well, that's exactly right. But just go to get your tickets for this one because it's going to be a good one. Yeah, it sure will. All right, coach, you'll be out there. I'm looking forward to it. Thanks. Thank you, thank you. All right. All right. Coach joins you on Sports Radio 5, 60 QAM. You're watching. I'm watching. I'm watching. I'm watching. I'm watching. I'm watching. I'm watching. I'm watching you on television. Chris and, and I see you talking about, uh, uh, about, rise being 40 years old. And I can see the look on your face. And as I watch it, I said to myself, you know what? He's going back. I could just tell by the way, uh, that you talked about, uh, Jerry Rice. I don't think that was a, I'm not a little football and everything. And Jerry is always a motivation to watch and inspiration. But if this situation hadn't presented to him, I wouldn't be playing football. Well, I mean, the situation was there. And when you and Danny were talking about it, I just had a sense that, that, uh, you were thinking that way. Well, I didn't, I didn't think everything as far as HBO would work out. So I didn't even open my mind that to think it was possible. Because I didn't want to be let down. And then the ones, um, as you know, because I know you talked to Raw's Greenbird. And, um, and then he really was supportive. It, it, it, it really caught me off guard. Are you glad now that you did it? Well, I'm definitely glad I did it. I mean, it was the right thing to do. And, um, you know, when I look back on it, you know, down the road five six years from now, I won't, I won't have regretted not to attempt to do it. Let me explain the conversation with Raw's because I know Raw's pretty well. And I, I basically just called out a curiosity to see if there was anything to keep you from playing. And, um, you know, I just, I indicated to him that there was a possibility. And he said to me, I don't know what's in his head, you know, but we wouldn't stop him. And, um, and that was that. So, uh, so I guess he was somewhat, uh, had a head's up on the, on a part of the world. But I'm sure they were great to you. I mean, they really were. And that was, you know, that was huge. It even, you know, before the dolphin regal of what they wanted because initially when they called, You know, I told him, no because I hadn't taught me HBO, and I really didn't think I was going to play again. Um, but if you look back at the frequency, it's the team I wanted to go to, and it was a great opportunity. had to try to take advantage of it. Not that you've had a week of real practice. Do you feel like you're right back into it or is your head swimming a little bit despite the fact that you've been around the game so long? Well, it definitely have benefited. You got a lot of muscle memory from things I've done in the past. There's some carry over in the offense of what we did in Minnesota. We're trying to calm. We're spending extra time. Physically and mentally, you know, of course on behind. But I do feel like I'm back in the football mode of football mentality. How about your first game Monday night in Green Bay? I guess that suits you. I can't baby. I want to be here to be with you but you can tell me. Someone hit it by that awful smell. What a healthy, cute, sweet. It smells just like what we eat. Silent part. Dead part. I cut one. At K-part. I watched the warm and said, swim around. She was wearing a terrible flound. I walked wide out of that place. When I was a little bit smile on my face. Silent part. Dead, heavy part. Loo, we hit it. It's quite an art. It's a flat one, go but don't look back. I thought it's a cure, guess a time. It's your insurance when you do. You have to stay in your room. 1046 at 560 WDQA. Happy Friday. I was like saying, will he handle it? Can we just do this without all of this friction? It's holiday time. Maybe that's why the beast didn't rip me off. Maybe it was because of the holiday. Probably because he's a pussy. He didn't have to rip him and ask all he had to do is tell the story. Just tell him the way it was. Still can't do it. Here's the new pool. Ready? Go for it. Who would you rather have? Fill in for Neil during the summers. We're not going to put anybody in there. We've cost a lot of money. We've done those before. We've done those a million times. Beast, George or best of Neil tapes. One thing I'll tell you about this. I only heard a few minutes of the beast show yesterday because I have much better things to do on my day off. Really? Yeah, like sleep. Anything. But the fact is that no matter what it was, it was better than those awful tapes. Those tapes. My opinion, here's the new pool. Are you recording your rather have fill in for Neil during the summers? Beast, George or best of Neil tapes. Is there anybody I'm leaving out? Who else would you rather have? You don't have to put any of those best of Neil's together yet. Yeah. I also let's put Joe Castell on there. What do you say? Yeah, he thought it was before. Joe Castellot. Put him on there. All of he's just not the same anymore. Since this wedding got arranged, the wedding keeps drawing a mirror in here. He's just not the same guy. Am I the only one that is picked up on that or not? It seems the same to me. No. He's kind of surely now. He's a little bit just not the same. Not the same old Joe. Who would you rather have fill in for Neil during the summers? Beast, George, best of Neil tapes or Joe Castellot? Excellent. The bush thing. Now, what's the final total on there before Eric just sweeps it away? 175 votes. See, even we get a pretty wee total on there today after now and a half. We'd ordinarily by this time I would at least be on it votes. There's nobody out there. Don't you understand they're all shopping? They're all out of town around vacation. It's a long holiday weekend. So when you expect them to be Carlos? Right. Coming this morning said Carlos, the Carlos says to me, you see the crappy episode and I'd pull my God. Or something like that. Wasn't it something like that? I said it a little bit more bentom. You said it would like it was weak. You said it was really weak. Who the hell would have been listening with a number like that? 175 votes. Which of these best described President George W. Bush? Dangerous 59. Great leader 46.2%. More on for a 28. Okay, 16. Idiot 14. MediaOKer 12. I think we ran a whole gamut there. I mean, you know, there were more negative ones than positive ones but even so. I mean, there was, there was something there for everybody. And he didn't do too well. So we'll do the George and the Beast thing and we'll continue taking the comments and let you let you over up them and ask or say nice things about him. It's the holidays. Say something nice about George. George had one positive call yet? No, not yet actually. I think Greg is behind this. I think he's I think Greg and Mo are conspiring. Well, that's all of Beast friends calling out now. You think that was a sister earlier. Oh, Fred, I was going to say probably well, is that it no had any friends. Maybe some of those heracone crowd, huh? Maybe some of that crowd, bunch of losers. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Here's a call from Carl Springs, hello. Carl Springs. Hi. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. If I could vote, I don't, I didn't go on in that by who would fall a dangerous and more run for Mr. Bush. Both of you above. Both of you above. I don't know if you remember the movie I was thinking was called a president with Robert Redford when he was elected president in the year. And as soon as they closed the door, it says, what do I do now? It wasn't public president. It wasn't public president. The name of the movie will come to me. Yeah, I think it was called a president, not sure. But I just want to say, they're trying to elevate this guy with their second greatest president right in behind, Ronald. Ronald Reagan, they made him number one great president in the guy's left during the last four years of presidency at all time. And why, Brian, the country? So I mean, that's about all have to say, but I know this guy that making him a great man and he fought from it. Amen. Okay, thanks a lot. The Robert Redford movie, I've got my movie book out and it's not in here. I mean, it's in here somewhere, but they have a thing in the back where you just look up the actor, actress. And evidently, they didn't feel that movie was important enough. I know the one he's talking about. I'll talk about it. I think it was called the candidate. All the presidents, man, it was about. I don't know. Nothing. What is wrong with you, man? God, if it isn't about Castro, McGill has no idea what it's all about. That's true. That's true. What am I looking for? The candidate. Candy man, the candidate. Yeah, it's there. Richard Harris. Wait a minute. Oh, yeah. They're follow up to downhill racer. The candidate. Where did guy get elected and they say to him, what do we do now? Because they didn't expect to win. Only I don't think there's any comparison there because these people are only expected to win, but by hooker, they were going to win and they done it. By hooker, crook. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. Don't get me started on Al Gore again. OK, Gore rhymes with Gore. Terminal. You think George is a member where you think he's called me and do you see at least ain't running for president? Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. First day today, 33-year-old fact as of today. All right, let me get that thing printed for you. Hanika and birthday and all kinds of other good stuff. What does that say? There you go. Hey, I listened to the beef yesterday. I had to work. How do you do? I think you did a good job. I give them some more time on the air and to develop. You know, I do a good job because I understand it's this first time and everything. But you know, give them a few more shots and I think you can give them a summer time. Yeah, but him on. Put him to do it. How about the beast and shut up the beast and said show? How about the beast and your show? How about to put them together? I think that would be good. I got to go. This piece of up Bell cell phone is crappy. OK, see you. You said as soon as the piece of crap and it's Bell sound. That's like redundant. Bell sound sucks. Don't forget that. OK, we don't care what Spuro can says. We don't care. We want Spuro A new says. Bell sound sucks. Everybody knows that. Don't forget speaking a little George, you can go there tomorrow. And of course, to his face, you'll say, Oh, that beast he would he could compare to you, George, to his face. You'll suck up. OK, that's the way you are. You know, that's just human nature. And then behind his back as soon as you walk out, you'll say, well, he sure a little putts any. That's just the way people are. Like when I used to do all those dumb appearances, well, he sure is fat and ugly. And yeah, you just know they're saying that on a way out, right? You hear them saying it on the way out. You hear them saying it on a way in? Oh, there's that fat, a lot of me, fat, kneel or sitting back there. All by himself. Try to eat his lunch and be less alone. He's not doing anything. You just sit in there. The best of all, though, is that dolphin game? That was the best. Fried brings over his wife, course, fat rich. And I used to get there waiting for the game to avoid all the traffic. And we're sitting there. We used to bring these sub sandwiches along. And we're sitting there stuffing our face. The guy brings his wife over. I was very nice to work at the ham. How you doing? Nice to see you. We had a little chat for about a minute or two. Whatever. What is that? I don't know. That's a lot of fun. That long. About 30 seconds. And then next thing, he calls me on the air, roach, right? So I forget what? There's a minute years ago. Oh, gee, I brought my wife over to Mecha and you just sat there. And like I was supposed to do a radio show for them. What are you some kind of a moron? You're an entertainer? Some kind of the opposite. I'm supposed to be an entertainer while I'm waiting for the game. Screw them. F them. Join George tomorrow. 111 at Bill Sylvs. We have our savings north by 36. We just wasted 27 out of it. Stop by to win some marginal prizes and enjoy free food from an any city subs where I ran to bread make the difference and get there early because otherwise those grave robbers and bills signals eat all the free food. It's time to get it on. Go ahead, son. Your president now. Come on. Keep up. And my favorite song. Oh, first day in Christmas. Come on, dad, a game to me. And America president. See. On the third day in Christmas. Wait a minute. On gosh darn this. But you are not counting the days right. It's my understanding that there are 12 days of Christmas and you have counted only the second day, which has every right to be there. So I'm George Bush. Right, possibly just that you recount from the top. Follow along with me. Okay. On the 12 day of Christmas with Carlton gate to me. He'll ever know Victoria Lowe. On the tenth day of Christmas. How you skipped 11? Did you settle 11? No, that was only a preposition to a numerical phrase. Now start again. On the fifth day Christmas. That a gate to me. So I'm good. Perhaps it. You can have a numerical amount of freedom. Now I don't have to stop. 11.03.05.60. WDQAM. That's George. W. 23 votes on the new pull. The new pull is up. Life in death. Who would you rather have for them for Neil or Miss Summers? There's the beast. Now this is the first time we've ever done this pull and put the beast on there. Am I right? That's correct. That is correct. Because we've done the thing of mine. Of course it's like just about the first of December. So the timing of this is a little bit unusual. But since the beast was on just yesterday's like fresh in your mind. Okay. You know what they say on the side out of mind. So now the thing is hot. It's a smooth mouth. Look warm. 23 votes. Who would you rather have for them for Neil or Miss Summers? The beast is leading with eight. Best of the old tape seven. I've just changed again. I bet you'll have like a 27. George has leaked into the lead. Nine. The beast eight. Best of the old tape seven. Joe Custell III. It's going to be a battle. I can see that right now. Can't you smell it? The idea. Can't you smell it? Do you see? Woo. I'd have said that out of mind. Gonna be. Well, what makes you say that? Well, Joe he hasn't been on a show in a long time. Maybe they don't like Joe show me. They don't like the yet dirty boys. Andrew Presinential Primer. Reloaded as a former president to pull along the state's Democrats shows. Al Gore leading other possible presidential candidates. Oh, it's. Speaking of that. What was that watch in the open? I always filled on you and he had a hit on. They were talking about the Catholic Church scandal. And the victims. All of them were saying they victims in her families were still being treated like crap. And all they did was put on a dog and pony show. And they had a William Danna who from the Catholic League. Who I thought they were going to have to like, bring out a rabie shot for him. forming it them out. So anyway right after that was the Chris Matthews and Softball and before I could turn a dial this had been taped like a couple of days earlier at what does that school? You know university all the name of York. You know where to find Albany on a map McGill? Yes. They call it the capital over there. Very good. So anyway university all the name there was like all these college students and the guest was Hillary. And I'm going to tell you when she came in you would have thought that the the Jesus himself in sandals with a million dollars in cash for each student had just come marching in. I couldn't believe it. And they were just all whipped up about her and then every every issue that Chris Matthews brought up and he was he was given it to her about a couple of things pretty good even though I can't stand him. But every issue they brought up or most of them they were booing like crazy then they had a disturbance they had a bunch of protesters coming they were chanting take your war and go to hell and stick it up your ass or whatever you know Chris Matthews handle it very badly but they had to their credit they left it on there was on tape. I kept asking myself if they disagree with around the issues and she's obviously the ice princess a miserable bitch. What are they cheering so much at what is that they see in her? Can anybody answer that question? No. The American research group found that 25% of the 600 pool participants in New Hampshire said they were likely voters in the 2004 Democratic primary and they prefer the former vice president followed by 11% for a swillery 10% for Massachusetts Senator John Kerry. You're only half of those polls that they don't have a preference yet. Other potential candidates were in single digits dick give hard had 4% for dick for month Governor Howard Dean had 2% senators Tom Dacheland Julee where he's had 1% Oh North Carolina senators John Edwards Senator John Edwards Al Sharp and Wesley Clark had 0% kind of like default numbers but you wait till they get that big signal on there man a 50,000 watts and Jim Asarny says the real savvy sports list is man of got eight fifty punched it on their dial the savvy sports crowd what a oh god what is wrong with his town huh what is wrong with his country savvy sports list news yeah let's have 400 sports channels so we can all be talking about the same volume and dissected 400 different ways and it's going to be kind of tough because when he got only 100 sports nerd cars I was split up among 400 channels they're going to be short calls I guess huh a short calls for my way though my me lakes hello hey how you doing Neil pretty great okay I listen to the BCS today and he said that the reason he didn't go into the more Howard thing was because he doesn't make any money for the station he's not like your hand who can't send you away so much money for the station you can say and do whatever you want yeah yeah he's like Frankie Bantangeles he's more potatoes yeah he's going to that I got news for it he's big potatoes fat potatoes yeah he said that he got all the balance for life thing yeah he did lost about 60 pounds and then he said he has regained some pounds now but he I don't know why he got out of it because they stopped bringing in a free food that's why I got off of it oh I see I see so he's supposed to put small potatoes he cannot he cannot afford it I see okay thanks to the bulletin hey no problem thank you how big would they have a happy 51 votes who would you rather have fill in for Neil to read the summers we got a battle going on here man tooth and nail George 18 the beast 14 best of the old tapes 13 and Joe Costello second win with six I don't think they like Joe you know I mean not personal but they just don't like him on a year maybe it's a NASCAR effect that could be part of it or maybe just maybe just too much of that silly that kind of like high school locker room thing you know oh the thing that I see right huh there's no that would be straight wow it's beast doing a sexual yesterday actually I don't know well what do you mean you wouldn't know you weren't listening yesterday I don't know what the hell's wrong with you man where's your loyalty what were you doing chasing the rain around 560 how much is she I bet she put in a full day of the Thanksgiving dinner table guaranteed I bet you not one bird was left untouched not one morsel not one scrap let's take you call for medley hello medley hello yes sir happy Thanksgiving by the way and back to you you know a central air command in Florida the one that controls all the nuclear sites of Tampa yeah that one yeah you know that they moved the Americans moved it somewhere and around Saudi Arabia like in the mid-east right that's right doesn't that mean that we're waiting to get wiped out so then we'll still have a chance to be able to launch our weapons against our phones or maybe they just didn't like Tampa that could be part of it I don't know that can't scares me I mean wouldn't you get there a lot of Tampa if you had a chance well I mean if we're the most powerful country in the world why would we want to move our nuclear sites or nuclear operations out of the country excellent question I'll ask a tiny Frank's when I see him 560 maybe I'll spare any Frank 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line on a great Friday and let me just tell you the good news right now I'm looking at the schedule Jim Manish at one a ride Hank Goldberg at three and a full four hours for the Humper today okay the party day wants that show 536 30 Hank the full four hours even the day after Thanksgiving why can you imagine how much the Humper put away yesterday wow every time I come back to town you always says oh yeah I lost the ounce or two we were we're Hank I'll ask him be talking because I came back a few pounds ever how stalt I was when I came back there your slim and trim compared to usual anyway I must confess that down here I just I don't know not good not good and up here has been all I could but never listen to your business 7 o'clock I could lie the I could say boy I'm down 156 pounds I'm looking beautiful don't I sound a lot thinner you found pretty fit is getting here me 7 o'clock who does college football preview with Clarence Dero Josie and Don Bailey junia 10 o'clock it's any k from g a and yes be in radio overnight tonight know what's that all that's right they don't work Friday nights right Joe is the taken at personally's insulted the audiences and I can't have too many votes and fill them in the next summer Joe is taking a wee personal this is business and this man is taken at personal 5 6 7 0 5 6 the I've had a James Con with so good in that movie you know it you know which movie I'm talking about Carlos Godfather roller ball what was the movie with uh candy base oh misery misery yeah he was which I think some of our toher You can't get too late as long a Doratine of Benschipus Missinda told us Our holiday is really such a porous life Dumb and door are all white All we get too late as long a Doratine of Benschipus Missinda told us Our holiday is really such a porous life Dumb and door are all white It's so high for us to go shopping We don't know when Hanukkah is happening What is our date? I'll be too late You can almost hear them go You know, come on What are we supposed to do? So you think it seems that it gets when we only pay wholesale? All we get too late as long a Doratine of Benschipus Missinda told us Our holiday is really such a porous life Dumb and door are all white All we get too late as long a Doratine of Benschipus Missinda told us Our holiday is really such a porous life Dumb and door are all white With white be like we're getting a two-game suspension Shane Corson still nursing a groin injury Little pre-game excitement here on TSN You ready for that police and the flyers will want to clock you ready? No Five, six step one What? I said I can't wait You couldn't go there's Alan McCalley Alan, who you have naked pictures of Alan Harold Ballard and Billy Goat Oh my god why is he still on his team Him and Ed Jirky, you're key Luma But anyway, don't start that hockey stuff man You're talking you're a speaker of the wrong crowd You speak it around language We want a lot more football talk for ball football some smash-mouth football Pretty marginal effort by the papia yesterday I thought Indeed right never never woke up never we'd have gotten into it Here's a lady in Miami hello Lady in Miami Hi, Neil Yes, man and are you today? Very good, how are you? Pretty good I wanted to call and be the first positive caller for George Okay? Because I think he's doing a pretty good job I mean no one compares to you But I think he's doing a pretty good job Well he's just he's taken a lead in the pulley seems to be pulling away Yeah, the only problem is he gets on one of his fetishes a little bit too long Yeah But he just won't once he sticks his tongue in there He can't get it out Right Well you have a wonderful day And you two have a great day weekend Thank you Neil Bye bye So there you go We're qualified to vote for George 77 votes on a poll He took the face last week to give it questionable Don't ask him to give it to him I mean I'm going to always badly 77 votes so far Who'd you rather hear if Bill and for Neil during the summertime And then Eric you know this got this right on there Carlos Yep, call them he got it right up there You have a little faith Sorry Was he crying when you called? He's just got a little grin over there Was he crying when you called? I couldn't hear the tears Yeah, he did it sound too happy I didn't sound too happy when this last time he ever talked to Eric and he sounded happy That's very true See if he didn't have food in his mouth he probably wouldn't be happy 77 votes George has got 29 The best in Neil tapes says 20 was 7, 2021 which is scandalous The beast is down to 19 and Joe Costello has eight The beast got off to a big start there But it's kind of like falling back in a pack As you'd expect with his size and girth you know like in a foot race Can you envision the foot race between George and the beast from say where the chair and the studio was to like out in the hallway The beast might take a quick one or two shuffle steps there in the beginning you know But once you got to like the first door Yeah, but you'll block the hallway Uh-huh, you'll block the hallway To get that fat That's good when I get back we're going to do that we're going to have a foot race In the hall from the sports from the bullpin all the way down to the power 96 studio The length of that hall right George in the beast 567.0.560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line I can see it now Here's coconut creek hello Hey, this is me. Yes sounds like you. Hey, how you doing Neil? I was in the beast yesterday. I thought he was entertaining And I think he was very likable on the air also I don't know him personally, but he seemed like a likable guy. I think George is terminal personally That was my first comment I think the audience is usual is in the hall of a spirit By speaking of hall of a spirit my second thing I like to hear shake hands with your uncle max By El Sherman if I can make a shameless request We're going to find that I don't know you always have it though this time But we don't have it by You mean that one Okay, you'll have your word And I have a great day Have the holidays Okay, thanks. I thought there was going to be like a number three But there wasn't that was it he wants I saw a line of jingles And I travel on the road And I have a line of instruments just like Sally What a load Every day a new routine Another song in them Early in the morning I mail me a bit again But when I get that writer's block Words refuse to flow I take a trip to Hallendale Oh, they're like this really slow I drive into the publics And I find some parking room And they answer And the creches turn in hard Carcamo Shake hands with your uncle Max, my boy, and his sister, Cheryl And you remember, is it that that's it? There's all this girl And you remember the taste of instruments Gerald and Jerome We've all come here to greet you And to wish you welcome home We're Maro's various gentlemen Mr. Granger, Mr. Steiner, Stomp Master's, Luke, Worst, Harrison, Barrel, St. Prime and Environment, and Freeman and both Swallow as well as Tyrell, Mama, and Mama, 11 We'll vence you to the view of our Brother, Schlumberger, Mink as St.Pangus as Ty with the Y He's done with a Y Now here's your uncle, sound my boy With all the family poop And here's your cousin, Randy, where they're God damn shit, kiss who? Well, well, whenever you're on the road My boy, come back and see us Soon, for we'll all be here When you come back To wish you Come home Love it 23 if haven't heard that in a long time You know what? I never heard it. Do you ever heard that before? First time, that's the first you just Good-time man, but we sure miss him don't link to the term and a good guy Controversial Bush of the St. Nessisions and Ossulate Friday Or that day before holiday, a time when Media coverage is end its weakest By David Coren This course you're especially in it Asking Henry Kissner to investigate Government malfeasance or nonfeasence As a kid who was seeking to ask He's slow but on my list of its Investigate war crimes Pretty dense, what is it? I can hardly read this. Pretty dense and kissner has been accused With cause of engaging in war crimes of his own Warvries been opposed to trial for the worst Accessors of Secret Government Secret Warfare He had George W. Bush's name to Mead a supposedly independent commission To investigate the 9 Marish attacks of 9-11 A commission intended to tell the public What we're wrong on and before that day This is a sick black his white war His peace joke, a cruel insult to the Memory of those killed 9-11 A screw you are front to any American who believes The public deserves a full account of Garb-manaxons or lack thereof It's as if Bush instructed his advisors to come up With the name of the person who literally Would be the absolute worst choice for the post Or once they had said sign him up I got an even better or that's the end of that article By David Corb I got a much better one The latest Kissinger outrage by Christopher Hitchens Once you get out of your kitchens I might read that Christopher Hitchens Or maybe not, maybe I'll save it We'll see if we have time because we're just flooded with call Aren't we are we flooded with call? They're pouring in All the ones and twos Wow, it's that day man Don't expect like a whole bunch like the beast has to be this morning During the time he was in there a little around See the only reason he came in there was for me Like say great job beast Nice going get a check in No, that's the head nothing to do with it He wanted me to affirm and I said it was okay What did I say to him? I think you said it's up I didn't say that I said he was a pussy for not doing the mobile business That's what I said Yeah, that's true And while parents told me don't do this And parents thought that's a clear it's butt out Okay, if you're gonna stick your nose in And you're gonna have me pick him to be on a show Then let him do the show the way he wants to do it And don't be we don't play that game on QM Oh don't say there is sin do to that and all the other crab We don't do that that's why people listen to this radio station And listen because it's a goddamn sports station You can have a bunch of trained monkeys like over there on Fox Sports Talking about the same goddamn ball games They listen to the mad dog because they want to hear the mad dog They listen to the hump or the fat humber That's why That's why they listen to this station Not because they're in I mean nobody in the world even wants to pretend to be Nobody in the right mind is all that interest in the sports mind Nusha They listen for the personalities and you can't have a personality when you don't say this And don't do this and that'd be very nice Nobody in South Florida wants nice My This is for 25 I'm going to the way Beyond God I heard there is no Christmas in the silly middle piece No trees no snow no Santa Claus They have different religious beliefs They believe in new homin And not in our holiday And so every December I go to the middle east Ah Hey there mister my plums Mary fucking Christmas Put down that book the Quran and hear some holiday wishes In case you haven't known it This Jesus is part of it So get off your heat and muscle a map and fucking sell over right There is no holiday season in India I've heard they don't hang out there stockings And that is just absurd They never read a Christmas story They don't know what rootoff is of the house And that is why in December I'll go to India And I Hi there mister And I was Mary In Christmas Three Kingdoms They usually have it It's Jesus and partying So get off your heat and hand it to us And sell over right Now I heard that in Japan Everyone just lives in San They pray to several gods and put needles in their skin On December 20th All they do is eat a cake And that is why I go to Japan And walk around and cry Hi there mister Shenzawa Merry Christmas I'm a Russian infant now like to take a scum And in case you haven't noticed They're best at thanks to you too So let's all rejoice for Jesus Mary I can't raise them to you On Christmas day I travel around the world and say Now I wish Christmas for this And all you atheist too Merry Merry Christmas I just had Steve Spirius on it with an nasty look on his post Man I can't stand him you know What a drooling idiot I'd like to see him and feel Graham next to each other 101 votes Who'd you rather have feeling for neodering the summer months? George 36 he's pulling away Best in the OTAF 26 The beast of that after a big start here But just couldn't hang on to what he's got 20 And Joe Costello's moving up there with 19 Pull it up the rear And you know I wouldn't have I appreciate somebody facts me this Bob Thank you very much Bob for facts me F-sips from Marine Doud's column and the time yesterday Was I what I had the whole column because that's what I came in here for yesterday morning But as I was sitting here perusing and beginning my morning rounds of the various newspapers And the columns etc I never got around to the times in more in doubt because somebody was going Neil, Neil are you there? Who was that? That was you asshole I still just kick it over there Why would you expect me to be sitting here and it was it was it once in a billion chance that I just buy coincidence And tap it a path of thing up and you're Neil, Neil, like there was an emergency like the beast just had a stroke in the chair or something Stu what was that what was the point in that? Died, died, yeah What did you need me for? It was a day off leave me alone Leave it it's like and I put it in the same category with PD Lenny calling me on my cell phone here Oh, I'm really sorry. I put you in a same category like why you bugging me on a day off Why is he calling me here? I don't want to hear from him I don't want to hear his yentocrat That's one thing the audience should know by the way that next to PD Lenny the beast is the biggest yentocrat in the building Goes from room to room just like a bee pollinating the flowers, you know from room to room pollinating here a little gossip over here a little gossip over there But once he's on the air, that mmm what that, you know I'm not permitted to say this see I don't think it I'm playing parents for that You just wait you wait and he's probably not even there today as he clearance. There's nobody here today. No, there's nobody there Muffin wasn't gonna be there, but he was deserves it. You know, he's got to air his brains out. What he's got left And I'm probably shouldn't tell you on the air, but those updates current was doing on the mo show this morning the sports updates those were on tape Came in last night take them went home and hit the sack Along You ready for that the sports updates were on tape That's the kind of skeleton crew we got today So hang out of that thing I gave you for clearance by the way. No problem very important okay, well you'll mean portante Anyway, tiny friends I thought is the guy was talking before the new Base is not in Saudi Ray, it's in gutter And Marine Dowd makes mention that she said general Tommy Francis already spent a fortune setting up the it's the new command and control base They moved it from camp into gutter because the Saudis are still delivering about letting us use their old bases in their country It says Says the administration self the Saudis be evasive with the tiny still while I congressional investigate is Prince Bandar We're so close to the bushes that oil dynasty that they nicknamed him the bandabush Our good buddies the Saudis they're in bed with a bushes baby Just like in Godfather when he says I never know Godfather. Oh, yeah, him and his father and I went in the olive oil business together That's what bush says he says all year my father and a Prince were in the oil business together same thing 5670560 pound 560 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line leaves the defliers what a clock in Philadelphia Oh, big game baby Kaches smell the excitement about it from all away from down there Here's the lady in Miami hello I Yes, man happy holidays and same to you. I was just gonna say that even though I liked the beast I think you'll be great Filming and for you once in a while Maybe together with George with a good idea George is good. I like him. He's smart He's very he can be witty, but just lay off all the sex stuff He'd be much much better not eating ass right? Have you noticed any notice the one thing in common when we put some of these young guys on there? We put George or Joe or the right one about the beast because I guess he didn't talk about sex yesterday No, but generally speaking when we put these younger guys on they think that everybody in the audience wants to hear about sex Like I've always said the people have talked about it the most are getting the least absolutely and I get that's why I'm just saying that And I think a lot of it has to do with Which is just that they just aren't getting enough of the name they open maybe some of them all the windows case I know what history is because he's been living with his girlfriend for months and months and again married next month So let's maybe he's getting ready for that before the day she cuts them off Yeah, I think it's only once a month after that. Yeah, or something like that But no I have to have to schedule that ahead of time get those boys tell them to go Play with themselves for a little bit before they could come here And they will be off of their minds Okay, good idea, but I think both them together. You know Neil that was a great idea That the beast in George that's not bad that could work and maybe the beast can keep George straight You know not getting off the sex subject so to speak. Okay, thanks. Have a great weekend Good holiday by bye bye. Chuckies about prior with there. Have the way to do those jerk. What's that? What are we gonna do with me? Don't we have to guess Mike over there? Okay, they can both be an at studio and you're still gonna be there. You're not gonna get screwed out any hours Well, you are so insecure. I can't imagine anybody a QA Be insecure. It's catchy. Yeah We're not talking about shoving you out of course Eric probably would like that because you're muslin it on his territory Maybe you won't have to worry about running a board next summer because maybe you'll be full-time taking care of our website Oh, sorry Eric. I can hear him crying all the way up here again Eric. We'd love you. Okay. You're a nice guy We'd like you and you're okay. I mean your fear your week but He means well, but he's a busy guy now And he just doesn't have the heart to say to us. You know, I got all these real money making websites that I'm taking care of dozens and dozens of them I don't have time to be dealing with your okay great No problem. We don't take it personal We're not gonna take away your play. So I we appreciate to fact you're part of the show and you like to show Eric. We love that But the Carlos is gun-home man. He's ready to like you know Give you whatever ass assistance you need. Yep And I'm gonna tell you if those links are on there by sometime this weekend come Monday. I'm gonna be a wild man here I'm just telling you that right now Because I'm gonna tell you something that rhymes with links describes our current state of our website stinks It blows it's an investment to me In the beginning it was great it was like you know, it was cutting edge and that's five years ago four years Whatever it is But now you look at everybody else's website and it's obvious that life is passing us by we're standing still Follow what I'm saying Yeah, let's get some let's get some stuff on here. Let's get some new news on there not stuff from two three years ago That everybody knows who doesn't care about anymore. Let's get some new stuff on there, huh? God 560560 now see Oliver women we've had called it a evil little faith very surprised and a lot of very nice So women today, huh? And nice everybody's nice today. It's a holiday. It's okay. Everybody's in a good mood They're nice except except the George Well, they don't want to be nice to George. I'm not see that's where you go wrong again I'm not gonna ask a question and have everybody calling in sugar coated oh You know this one is so nice and that one's so nice too And I don't really want to have to choose well what the hell is that now? I'll tell you what it is it's boring. It's boring Just like somebody we I don't want to mention any names somebody we all know in love will cable and rate me yeah that one When he first came on a year like he had no clue what he was getting into an old G if he can't see anything nice about somebody on that old Tryt crap don't see anything at all and Now of course not only is he ripping me in ass, which is fine. That's great, but everybody else he can get his head and what's wrong with that Nobody wants to hear everybody sit around looking everybody else's ass And it seems to me that we found the one chicken George's armor feet if he just get his tongue And let me ask you guys this You go back to what I said before about the guys who talk about sex the most of the guys who are getting least once the last time you think he got laid at home He being which one George how does that his baby? Why do you bastard Dead dead some they'll be dead dead dead some day will all be dead The minute we're born we start dying we die a little more everything Young girl richer poor. There's nothing we can do to stop it So look long at that Christmas tree it may be the last one that you see Dead go read your house in green and red because someday you'll be dead dead dead dead Someday you'll be dead Dead dead dead dead Someday we'll all be dead All right It might happen in a couple months or 50 years from now But no matter when it happens it will seem too soon to you So be sure on Christmas Eve when you smell live That you thank God for your family because someday there'll be dead Oh dead dead dead Someday there'll be dead dead dead Someday we'll all be dead Who knows how many Christmas and the Zollet can never show it like Nobody knows that's my point enjoy the world you can And someone Christmas morning let good time you still go ahead What a festive season Someday you'll be dead dead dead dead Someday we'll be dead dead dead Everyone you know okay A very Merry Christmas to you Dead Merry Christmas everybody Little something a little uplifting thing to diddy 1147 at five 16 WCOM 134 on a pool the beast is falling last place Who would you rather have fallen for neodering a summer George 41 best in the El Tate 35 Joe Costello 29 and the beast is holding up the S and with 25 Now talking about guys with no balls these two faxes by the wear gray The stress of this last one was I'll get to Why can't you just come on year and the say thanks to Tony's thanks to Brad over Tony's for the pizza Thanks Brad for the pizza. No, it's the way you have to facts me and have me say it I'm not gonna thank anybody for the pizza. I don't have any but doesn't mean much coming from me Well sure it does cuz you're the one that's eating it Nobody's probably close in there. He's probably eating because they're ain't no chocolate on it No, the view is great too and the view he said try to be able to best in the city Miguel We're gonna tell that to Eric I'm a phone. I think he told Eric that The wheel Yes, been the wheel Yeah Miguel knows about the wheel. Oh yeah Of all the appearances in the history of my life and believe me there's some real clunkers in there But the one at the seminal Indians man that had to be the award winner the median age in there was death plus 20 Death plus 20 They were the grandparents of the people in Hallendale Oh Can I spin the wheel? What can I have in over here? Let me spin the wheel like how about didn't get it? Let me spin it again And I am Unfeelable They had no idea who I was that was probably just as well Anyway, here's a couple of facts. Let's start with this one. It says it's man versus boys Comparing George to the beast As a cane's cheerleader the beast is just fine even as a fill in every so often underlying with several other lines But as you replace them for the summer he's just too bland George the little spik that he is is somewhat interesting with all his hangups and fetishes and he even solicits passion be it hatred or whatever From your audience with his anti-Semitism and hatred for homeless people George is the obvious choice And so for on a poise winning not by a landslide by any stretch of imagination, but he's ahead And here's a great facts Did you read this before you facts it don't want to butt mommy? Yeah This is great It said these lives at home with mommy yet he's afraid of saying anything about mo George has two kids in a life and will play mo bits all day George is controversially pisses off the Jews, etc Some of us like that Then he's a pervert. We like that too the beast was so pathetic talking about how horrible it is to be him yesterday I was going to cry but I turned it off first for the first time ever I feel like jumping on the computer and voting a thousand times like the gun nuts How do you like that? He wants to free for a poll Because he's so pissed off at the beast. How's the interesting the way this thing is really turned around dramatically? He started off pretty good On on in the beginning this morning it was that we had like a four or five calls all hated George the beast is grave while I'm rather hear the beast and now man they've turned on him like a cornered rat But there's a difference there's a difference between liking somebody and listening to somebody You don't have to like somebody in order to listen to him as long as they draw a motion A first of all when you say to like again, it gets back to the thing this is the radio show They don't know these people and another them personally Thought if what if they liked them personally the question is whether they liked them on the ear That's the business that we're in okay Carlos this is the life we have chosen They don't know you personally right Business and you're taking it personal Business Who do they like on the ear? We're not asking who do you want to go out to dinner with? Who do you rather like go to the swing club with we're not asking that question? We're asking who and of course would you rather go to dinner with us? Obviously George because you go with a beast He's gonna be reaching on your plate You're not gonna eat crap Despite of all this talk about losing you know what will he was gonna be 88 pounds this morning I said how much oh was 60 whatever it is you know Not that fat people tend to exaggerate when we lose weight and I you know what I said we What was the last number I think it was like a 58 pounds something like that I mean it was a good number he'd done well But if he's gained some of it back I'd say it'd be hard press to say his loss 50 pounds at this point net That's pretty growth There's all Teddy Bruceky baby Running back in there and I saw great interception but you love that name Teddy Bruceky What a sensational name for a football player Bruceky Anyway, I got a lot of good stuff that I'm never gonna get to today, but just to prove the point mentally you'll cop X cop and second hijack attempt remember I'm Friday or Wednesday weather We had that they suspected the hijacking that Alotania plane from Rome to a Paris right and had to make the emergency landing Well come to find out that this is an X cop who is done this before? Why is he not in jail or good question? He's got a history of mental illness the former Italian policemen Tamed to be a member of the Alkada terrorist that were grandest a TV remote control. He said was connected to well a lot bomba The Alotania flight landed safely as after Savarini. This is what the houses name Stefano Stes Savarini. I wonder if he's kind of Stefano de Miro Dmitri to be devoured it to the old Francis second largest city and that he'd be allowed to speak to journalists Fresh police said he commented in Italian train in an Italian train 1998 with a toy gun no charges were pressed against the because of a mental illness ready for that 1999 hijacked an air France jetliner flying from our seda Paris with 76 pastures and forced it to Detour to a different Paris airport where he held it as in people hostage for three hours Oh my god he's done it again the Italian news agency answer quoted his mother or Relicaparini is saying have an anxious for hours because he didn't come on my lunchtime he's done it again So you can see the great job that we're doing all around the world Try to hijack it a plane once before headed diver did try to on a train And now here we go again for the third time. I guess three times as a term King of Poppses. I don't like pop See I'm doing these fast because I want to make sure we get all this in okay. He likes classical music now Yeah, whatever Michael Jackson does these days seems to make headlines in this time It's for saying he doesn't like pop a word of much rather listen to classical music reports and an over dot com He was asked why he bought two classical rather than pop CDs without shopping in Berlin last week The self-stow King of pop full German magazine Blinthe I don't like pop music The singer whose album thriller remains the world's biggest seller was in Berlin to receive the Millennium Bandy Award recognition of his status of the world's greatest living pop icon Meanwhile Jackson's baby dangling incident might not be over yet at least out of glory all right has anything to say about it Tuesday the California based attorney in talk show bitch as the 30s to pursue an investigation of the singer stemming from his now infamous incident in Germany last week during which he held his infant son over to hotel balcony In a letter to the California Department of Social Services she writes in my opinion given the head of the balcony In the fact that Mr. Jack was only holding the child with one arm as he held the child over the side the child was at risk of falling and being injured or killed as if it's her business What the hell is her business in California when he was doing this crap in Berlin, huh? If was anybody else find them lost what I'd say you go girl, but not that fit she is brutal Hi heat foods can be bad for you You realize that you should have had like a broiled by boiled not broiled a boiled turkey yesterday for a Thanksgiving I am so sick and tear it everything is bad for you everything In fact, I'm taking a story. I've been showing it on the news all last two days Right Thanksgiving time just to make a field guilty make a field bad. They can't help this lose weight. They can't help us really look great But they can sure help us feel guilty Elton John crashes 007 theme Elton John is right in Madonna single dying of the day the worst bomb theme ever reports London son John said movie bosses on the Pierce Brosnan blockbuster would have been better off asking Shirley Bassie or Surrell and himself to be court of song instead It hasn't got a tune John said James Bond themes are usually very camp and this one's different was the worst bomb Tune of all time. I don't think it's the best Madonna record them a big fan of yet He's not a big fan. He's always ripping her an ass and rightfully so he's a big fan How do you like that her movie was a bomb? As long as a bomb? 560560. Oh there's the uh Let it be but just sure they still puffing but it wasn't in my game. I thought it was the a Patriot dolphin game the snowpots It was another one They got to snowpots ready by the way for that last game of the season Carlos. I don't want you to get nervous We got all dusted it off and already to go 1156 and 560 WQM if you find yourself looking in a mirror and asking Acts in yourself the question how come I'm bald how come I look so old and so bad? Just like the beast would I love that thing in the facts about how bad it is to be him In fact, that should be the name of the show yesterday the beast you'll I feel sorry for me. Did that one he talked about before? I was sure well, you know thinning here makes a person look much older than his age like the beast. I'd say keep a pass for about 48 don't you think? But now it's easier than ever to do something about your hair loss get it back From Charles Alfieri because his natural hairline system is the best in the world It's a hundred percent undetectable it looks like the real thing the choices yours in there are many choices You can have the holes drilled in your head and have blood dripping all over your forehead everybody laughs the ranch Our else calls the paramedics you can have some nasty looking dead farm animal on your head Some old musk rat do the musk rat ramble You can have like a mix in match like a whole bunch of pieces one for every holiday like somebody I know or You can get you the natural hairline system that's the best idea and if you mention you realize is when you call the welfare or studios You get that special $200 kind of the regular price for a pitence of a price You can get yourself the greatest look and head of here in the world and look better and younger than you ever thought you could again Nothing to risk because I've said that vault spot because Charlie gives you that special 30 day guarantee If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells Charlie gives you full refund no questions at so make that call today 1-800-321-2413 I was gonna say something about eating ass in there We don't want to bring George's thing up again 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website at Charles Alphiiri.com Well, that was stupid even be the one that's low about what I'd never thought I'd find the kind of rat that I've been to the round this day Now the classic set of wheels mixed up Come on give Three He relativity and the chinese to the tower Or they Of the craziness beyond the bins Journalism suspenders Yo I got my win those down on the hunt of the day because they hazy don't work no way. The sweating pressure must eat, stunts the smell and makes the dust eat woken over time. And on my back he's even fine, the shining ground of my legline, and act my common janitubers are they washing it with all her wrong. Theхalboros No, I'm not a jury jury, you think they've been here? No, baby. I will shock it through, going over the sea once, leaving soon. No, baby. First, we'll go into the interview, baby. No, baby. No, baby. No, baby. No, baby. No, baby. No, baby. No, baby. No, baby. No, baby. No, baby. No, baby.ESE's still smiling and so real, but are you wanting to weigh? Why? It's harnesse. No, because it was Thanksgiving yesterday. No, because it's Thanksgiving We Canble. I mean, that's part of it. But when you put your nukur at first age in preparing, which adolesers just are really this year, whatиляvent is that? It's my holiday. Excuss Habitat. Eighth years celebrate Hanukkah? Oh, I forgot that's right. Hanukkah? Go spin your drills sweetheart. I Just figured that way all the Jews we got on a staff like stuff Good Italian boy 167 votes on a pool see the votes are pouring in on this one the other one was kind of like lukewarm because we've been there done that But this one I want to like spew their ventham 167 votes who would you rather have fill in for neolering the summer and the beast is fall and not only to last place This didn't last say I told you how to block real quick and I'm after about 15 yards you Peter Don falling down just panting heavily George 52 best anneal tapes 45 which for life of me I can't figure that out because those suck Joe Costello 42 Joe's movement up nicely and the beast is got 28 Can you believe that? Can you believe how the mighty a fall and it's like it's like on election night you watch some of the real early returns Come in you know and there'll be like the first 100 votes is oh, yes, so what's those got a chance? And then when the next thousand votes come in now your candidates like 20 points behind Look in the governor's race for example high squad air bill McBride Nice one five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the 18th Tina there's only one article I do want to read this hour, which I'll get to don't let me forget go forget it and don't mind me forget that Lisa Philly game. I want to clock the latest kisses your outrage by Christopher Hitchens Why is a proven liar and what had man in charge of the nine level of investigation? We'll get to it Here's your field. Hello Dear field hello yes sir Neil God speak to me I listen to the beast I enjoy the beast keep the beast he is the re-lucous of five 60 Q a m Well, they got the same haircut So they're gonna suck for three week huh? I beg your pardon Come pray into Ray Lucas. No, Ray Lucas. What was wrong in the last two games look has played first three? What was wrong with the last two boy? That's too great. That's too heatier a bastard man. You're here. Heartless you just hopeless. What is wrong with you? It took him a while. He was rusty Pussy was playing some pretty decent teams there when he plays girls teams. He plays pretty good Now saying the ego a lot of people would have said what are not a girls team, but the alotist that they lose almost every week now After that fast start they're coming back to earth where they belong So when they're playing against the girls team he's pretty good now this week in a snow and buffalo We'll see what happens. I mean buffalo is pretty weak. They're a girl team for they're that's right their defense doesn't exist Yeah, but but look at what a job they've done that offense down there this year Which is almost unheard of just pulverized and humiliated and bear us to the dolphins and Ray Lucas So we'll see what happens on Sundays. Gonna be snowing like hell I just mentioned that in passing gonna be snowing a little bit gonna be golden crap high high up here of minus three and usually in Buffalo It's a little bit colder So I'd say the high would be like in the low 20s of game time. What is it a one o'clock game or four? I'm sure one one one one o'clock game Game time of about 24 25 degrees no on a ground mmm Not looking good Here's Miami hello You are God, but you forgot one the combo of Joe and George I think is a winner and sound yeah They were there was great. I don't know if you heard them over the summer they were together because I guess George couldn't pull his own weight and Duff you know jumped in there and and stuff Joe in But George you're talking about Joe Joe was none of some of you mean maybe last year No, it was this summer he was on for a least a couple days. He wouldn't say what was Joe on this summer? No, that would be me That was Miguel it was on with George. Oh Was it on a can and so I wrote in Miguel should be on it You know you're doing all okay, there's one for you Miguel Yeah That's here it and I'm sure that he's basing his opinion on Miguel based on his performance this week now Today after probably getting fed pretty good yesterday maybe getting laid last night Miguel is back he's back on you know his game again, but the first three days Monday Your Wednesday this week he was coma mr. coma. I was a little rusty You weren't rusty that anything to say you said nothing either there were there were long Puzzle you could have driven a fleet of Mac trucks through on a show I'll tell you where I hear positive we have more dead air on this radio station I mean just it's it's embarrassing Kill's good time when when you know these guys they play the music you know all on all the sports shows the music bed coming out of the Brakes right and And sometimes the musical and like on Moe show and it's like he's sitting there trying to think of something to say about the music Why do you have to be distracted by the music or on Tuesdays now the new deal is all and have you noticed the audio on man? It's just the show on Tuesdays No He did the show this past Tuesday from shoolas. It's out of like he was talking to a strainer that had 400 pounds of cow crap in it man Muddy muddy waters But anyway to make a long story even longer The fact that a matter is on Tuesdays managed host the what are they called the dolphin touchdown club or something like that Right, I sure so they had their weekly bash over there at chulas and I guess it's like from noon to one So every Tuesday and I said here listening just to see how long the theme is gonna run out what kind of music They'll play and the music goes on and on and then they come up with some other damn music and then finally after about a minute and a half of this crap Who you can hear the mad dog breathlessly racing in there and you know here I am What did here on this station we better watch it when an eight fifty comes on in it's what Jim Sarnie says he said look out now Got some heavy duty competition That was the right to do though. I think what's in that article directed at me. Yeah, the you better watch out Yeah All those sports shows are killing us man that Tony Brutal and Jim Rome with a combined point eight share whatever you like got heavy duty Here's Miami hello Hello, yes, sir Hey, what about joy show one stop working to do? Okay Dump up and don't work there fast. They've worn sap on there. Okay, the fact how about weren't sap in the beast? There's the UM fact you're for you Think they're both about the same size 186 votes on their George is got 58 best in the Otape's 50 jocas still a 49 the beast 29 How come Joe is moving up there like that huh? I think Joe is uh put in some funny votes in on there Because when we did this between George and Joe last year to the same thing happened to be it was a very mysterious What do you think It's a fix on his part here's Miami hello Yes, sir. I like to give my take on the beef. What's your take? I think he did pretty well But like you said that was one show so I don't think it's fair to judge him up against George on one show Because that I Perfectly have to think George has shows that I've liked a lot Then he got some that man So wait, you know what I mean five minutes that I'm gone And something I've listened to so I mean off a one time I don't think that's a fair thing so good good Yeah, I think you was good enough to give him a few more I think most cars would agree with that. I say let's bring him back next week for four or five show Sounds good to me, but you need a vacation I'm gonna do it. Can I make a shameless request go right ahead? My wife hasn't heard the show in a long while so she Really doesn't know who boy is but I have explained to her what's going on. She's never heard mo Yeah, but she already told me man. He sounds like a typical New York asshole. I think yeah That's that's basically it so if you could play a moment for her to hear Maybe the one that uh the one that he thinks he might be calling and what was George or whatever Okay, you got a man you got it. You got it. I like it. Here's a little preview by the way. No, no, no It's great. Oh, just for the hell of it. Oh, but all the way draw the line at the end when he was that line yesterday I just wanted to barfe that that's I think if it was at that point I turned it off one together room because I know there was no good stuff coming when he used that cop-out. Oh I'm look up cool near like draw the line at the end. Yeah, yeah, right 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line to sound that fax machine cranking crap out behind me It's just loud enough. It sounds like a damn H bomb is in my room here as we approach 200 votes on his pull pretty heavy Do-dea. Huh? This is the kind of stuff our audience likes to sink their teeth into and bite as hard as they can Next to ass What's wrong with those shows about eating ass? I think broad-droid louder than a lot of the closet I'm but she's let's how much he's got their radio crankin when George is doing those eating ass shows. You know it Doesn't miss a second probably even brings ants body out that not to touch it just to sit there Kind of look at it brings back a lot of old memories You know it's the most wonderful time of the year or so they say but if you're a need of a new mattress and short on time You really want to be slump it around Tom fighting lines and traffic and parking this time of the year Of course nobody with a brain does Then do what I always do called dialometrist 1-800 mattress dialometrist makes it easy to buy a bed just call 1-800 mattress right now and an expert bed and consult will help you find the right bed at the best possible price in the universe The whole ordering process takes less than five minutes on average. Don't be fooled by the other stores So-called sales dialometrist offers great low prices every day with no showroom shell games dialometrist carries the areas largest inventory of the best in the universe See me, sort of Simmons and King Carl mattresses ready for same day delivery They care about your bedding watching have a great night sleep. I've been sleeping on a dialometrist for years and I guarantee I back is about the only good part of my body. They're the best and if you're expecting company for the holiday Check the mattress in your guest room if you need a new one call dialometrist now at 1-800 mattress You're right to lot easier knowing your holiday guests will be sleeping in serious comfort A boy the holiday shoppers don't waste time going from store to store fighting that crazy traffic Call dialometrist right now 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATT-T-RES and be sure until that new accordity call dialometrist is the easiest possible way to buy you a new bed There's a butt ass melon Hey What a hell of my always good rate the mind man. You have a nice bath mouth. I sure But I never get ready to buy broad the Women don't right man. Yeah, it's too bad There is such a thing as an attractive man, you know, no? What are you know? You're crumb? What are you some kind of fairy? Why don't you go be another monkey for you all can grind it down the whole I'm rather weird. What do you know about being queer you're more on? I'm in right enough to know the difference Now see here we're supposed to be talking about sports here not about good-looking men just men in general and not Nells This is sports radio over here. We love men But I guess to see have a pair like just the other nice orders commercial on overnight TV when his guy was crawling out at the ocean See on the silent film and strip is that a broth they look okay, but this guy in the commercial I would say in an effective so in a way He was pretty cute You laugh and did I get your play rest of the last was this one a skit-kwate mo And the guy was crawling on the island you thought he was cute. Yeah, that's right Are you asked me to be a doctor my after he asked and you still my pun on me? You want to get fired again? That guy there had pinchable gals Who got him funny Morgan Grant is watching You know Maybe I am in love with that mango much in state he said you really does like a ring of my nose I'm like a meon rainbow One thing why it must have been just a reaction of some rest of truth about the view But I can't look him but he know how much I want to get to his house Get out of the oil you're all nuts you're off Hey, I can't move look at the bulging your pants, no If I move the wrong way out Hey everybody, mom has this pants This is the boy you're crummed Oh that was no From 1995 and 60 WMR poll is being a dittle with is you notice the way it's going now Joe's got a way too many votes too quickly. Yeah 2111 votes, but that's okay, in fact you notice how they're yeah They're the a diddler the professional poll dealer. He's dittler with a right now Which goes to show you talk about people with no lives here. It's a holiday weekend and this guy still did the with our poll Who would you rather have feeling for neoloring the summer? George 61 best in the old tape 60 see I should know that was bogus Joe costel 60 and the beast is uh got 30 Second wind exhausted can barely breathe slumped over sweating like a stuck pig 567.0560 don't forget join George tomorrow 1111 on Bill Siddles bullet about the savings on Northwest 36 feet just Wested 27 diameter stop Idaho in some very marginal prizes, but enjoy free food from Atlantic City sums with the bread makes the difference Why do we always say with a bread makes the difference huh because they want me to say that? Well why I don't know they don't spend any money on this station For they give me the food they give you the food well that's great well time on this they start spending some money on a station And I'll say when a bread makes the difference okay because every time I say that it's just make me think of that pain in the end Scott I'll just hope I'll just hope everything good Get out of here Scott. Oh there go away Pain in the ass go find deep always on eight fifty go find deep oligim sarnia, right to put in a billboards around town idiot Here's a call from key largo hello Yeah, I do and okay Um, I have two Women and one or a rotten boy who all three are prepared to squeeze the bags so I hope in it you can play that Play play I mean playing bagpipes I'm sorry I got there. I got a stall while find it in thing. I'll send you stay the way this works. Okay, have a rain holiday. So you don't do this again Today Special friends stop and buy just all about something Hey, but I something I wanted to show you I wonder what it is it looks like looks like I've got to push the kilter That's me bag boy Can I cut you sure get here Run your hands That's that's so hey like you know What's this right here? That is my ball pipe What are you doing with the blow pipe you blow it lad You blow it you put your mouth around it on your blow Okay, would you like to blow my pipe lad it? Okay, can I sure get here? Okay, come on lad You got the put your mouth around it. I don't feel free just like an a break Hey, that's a boy Stick around the way down your throw Hey, I mean you're doing it life What's this over here? Let's meet Shandar What you do with that what you do with that lad is you put your both hands on it you cover the hole and You're on your hands up and down the shaft real quick Hey, run your hands up and down there. No, what you want to do lady is you want to blow on the pipe You want us Queez the bag nice and gentle and then you want to run your hands up into the shaft real quick Okay, all together all at the same time Sure Keep the horn, the horn of 11 add a Squeeze the bag please mom You're going to hand up a down push up. Quick, faster! Run, you hand up a down push up. You're going to do another play. I'm a play. I'm a play. I'm a play. I'm a play. I'm a play. You can do that again. After the kiss, me a birthday. Maybe 12, 23, at 5, 60, WCM. We're down to one call on the board. Now look into promising boys. 5, 6, 7. 1? It's okay. It's not okay. We've got a 34 minutes to kill here, man. We better get with it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60. On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Although I might read that one bedtime story real slow. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. For a lot of deal. Is gone. Okay. Are you going to clean? Huh? And a great call it was, too. Clean slate. We had one call where we thought was left on there. We were going to take that. You're in the course of the bit or whatever the problem was. That's the way it goes. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60. On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. That amazing. 3 and 1, half hour, 3 hours and 20 minutes. They're already out of material. See, I should have known that we're getting like bogus votes on a pull over here because there's way too many. Way too many. Cus it's a holiday. And there's very few people around. And based on the first pull we took, which there were no bogus votes on. You see what I'm saying? There was 179 votes on that in two hours. Yep. Well, in hour 20 minutes we got allegedly 222 on here and it's full crab. They're dittal with us. Here's North Miami Beach, hello. Yes sir. How's it going? Great. How's it up in Toronto? It's beautiful. Awesome. On the beast, I thought he did a pretty good shot that I called him yesterday and talked to him a little bit. He's very lovable. He's like a big bear. You just want to squeeze him. Yeah. You must have seen him then. You must know him. I do know to be a nice guy. So this is like a set up call. No, it's not a set up at all. I just wanted to tell you I thought he did good on the air. But you can't put him up against George because there is no comparison. You know what I mean? Wait, I'm listening. You're the one that's talking. I'm listening. You want me to agree with you? I'm not. Okay. Well, I'm in a frame. I'm I'm frightened. You're going to hang up on me. Okay. Oh, I'm coming up on him because it's a set up call. He's a buddy of the beast. He's calling. And although he even he said he can't be compared to George. He's a little man of experience. He's been on their pissing people up for what? Four or five years now. I guess I we stuck him on there. Did we in the first year? I don't remember when it was. I'm thinking of my second year. So about two or three years. At least that he's been on. Yeah. And the beast is on there doing one show yesterday. And you people are putting up against against the standard like this man. Who's done? He's probably done four or five hundred shows on eating ass. And here's the guy that comes up there. This does one show about how come everybody hates me. And I'm bald and I'm fat and ugly and short. And I hate myself and I wish I was anybody else. See he was wearing his Tom Brady shirty city as they didn't hear that. Do you want to know why? Why is that? Because he wishes he were Tom Brady. He wishes he was anybody. Yeah. Well, if you're going to be anybody, might as well start at the top. Okay. Might as well pick somebody good. I'd tell you one thing. Tom Brady looked pretty good in those old ready uniform yesterday. And the lions in those ancient ancient us old farts. Remember the old days of the NFL. Happy for all this expansion. Those were great. The real ancient blue ugly uniforms. It was fantastic. Love that. Hockey does that. Baseball does that once in a great while. Yeah. Football does it every now and then for variety. What's in fashion now? Yeah. The little back Jersey. And what's wrong with that? We like looking back in the past. Okay. So, 25 votes allegedly on his pole. Who would you rather have fill in for Neil during the summer? George 67, best Neil tape 66. Most of those are bogus. God of be. Joe Costello 61 also. And the beast 31. Beast is a hoffin and puffin real hard. Well, he gave it a good shot. You know? And it would have been a good show of Carlos would have given them some better advice yesterday. But he just didn't do it. He was too worried about, oh, is Neil going to be there to hold our hand? See, that's what you were worried about there. That's what that was all about. Sorry, beast. I'm going to be sitting there and hold our hand and interject and drop in some of those when we need them. Like you don't have your own get your own parts, okay? Get your own old you med two. Old you med mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of the best olive oil that you'll find. Olive oil is great stuff. Very seriously. I'm smeared it on my feet again. You can see the miracles that it does for your skin. Olive oils are miraculous thing. Even the ancient Greeks and the actradiens do that. And the specs too. Olive oil med is got all kinds of great olive oil in there combined with vitamins and minerals, herbal, other nutrients. And scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions. Each one is specifically geared with a different part of your health. They got one to help your mind. And now they have three new formulas. One to help you sleep. One to help you control your weight and co-q 10 which is great for your heart. I'll be using the benefits of the purest olive oil and money can buy. It's an exciting new product for your health. And you can pick some up today at publics, equids and wall greens. If you'd like to get more information, call their tool free number and ask all the questions you have and call one. 866 Olio Med. That's 1-866-6536633 can also order their products online at oliomedamerica.com. And if you visit your nearest publics and vinyl Olio Med product and date abroad, you can get you a coupon for a free Larry Cooker bubble head dial. I'll supply his last and don't forget to visit their sampling button and it's forced down every Sunday when it opens to be playing home games. Pick up some product information and free Olio Med samples and start poppin it in your push real soon. 866 Olio Med. That's the support for your life cycle. 2-way air. Oh, my queen. God. There was a 94 Christmas at the soprano house. Marquidial starring, now one figure mouse. The kids were nestled, those were not gonna be a bed. It's labor like big pussy. I shot in the head. Without in the driveway, there are all such a clatter. A full fury or a com see what the house is matter. He arrived with his guns out, ready to shoot. When he saw some fat fest in a furry red soup. Whatever he was drinking, I made a muscle bed 90 proof. Hey, not for nothing. But he was climbing all over my roof. I figured his guy must be working for the feds. So I call him a crook, I'm wife this guy dead. Hey, Quest of the right, Paul. Hey, calm, my name Ralfe. Yo, Bobby, yo, Silvio, yo, Bito, yo, Betsy. Get over here and shove this guy's head to the wall. And walk away, walk away, walk away, walk away, all. He was coming on the chimney. We was about to do this fella when I heard something. Holy crap, it's Carmella. I said go back to bed. What do you think? We were about to do a contract on this guy all same neck. Then I got to go look at him. It was all round, an alphi. She ain't got to believe this when I felt like a malphi. We were just getting ready to break for this needs. I looked in his bag, was this a pleasant for me. So I pull out the wrapping. I said hey, this is cool. It's just what I wanted. The power got to go. Let's see how you know this was such a nice gift to give. I gave him a present too. Hey, I let him live. So I sent him on his way. I let go of his beard. And I noticed next part, might sound kind of weird. But as he flew away, I thought I would have seen. My request must all at the wall. But I think. 33-56WQAM. You notice I'm a re-joined there. How I stepped on it because it's one of those fake re-joins to fake us out. Nope, didn't realize it. I did. I noticed on that spa we just got through a planar. Clarence, it sounds like one of his babies must have dropped. You know how much better he sounds on the spa these days? Digital editing. That's gotta be it. I guess he's a free-sumester. It sounds like guilty. Christopher Hitchens writes, the latest Kissinger Outrage, The Bush administration has been saying in public for several months that it doesn't desire an independent inquiry into the gross faders of intelligence that left the SSID defenseless 14 months ago. By announcing that Henry Kissinger will be cheering the inquiry that it did not want, the president has now made the same point in a different way. But the cynicism of the decision and the gross insult to democracy and the families of the victims that it represents has to be analyzed to be believed. One. We already know quite a lot thanks all the same about who was behind the attacks. Most notable in the incubating al-Qaeda were the rotten client state regimes of the Saudi Arabian oligarchy and the Pakistani military and police elite. Henry Kissinger is now as always has been an air-envoyant of politics for such regimes. Two. When an office and we kissinger organized massive desceptions of Congress and public opinion, the most notorious case concerned the secret bombing of Cambodian louss and the unleashing of unconstitutional methods by Nixon and Kissinger to repress descent from this illegal and policy. But Senator Frank Church's commission of inquiry into the abuses of US intelligence, which focused on illegal assassinations in the subversion of democratic governments overseas, was given incomplete emissary information by Kissinger, especially on the matter of represented above Chile. Representative Otis Pikes parallel inquiry into the House which brought to light Kissinger's personal role in the not insignificant matter they be trell of the Iraqi Kurds among other offenses, was thwarted by Kissinger at every turn and its eventual findings were classified. In other words, the new commission will be chaired by a man with a long proven record of concealing evidence and relying to Congress the press and the public. Three. In his second career as an office skater in a falsifier, Kissinger appropriated the records of his time at the State Department and took them on a truck to the Rockefeller State family of family of state and New York. He has since been successfully sued for the return of much of this public property, but meanwhile he produced for profit three volumes of memoirs that purported to give a full account of his tenure. In several crucial instances such as his rendering of U.S. diplomacy would China overbeat an arm with a part-tied South Africa over Angola and would Indonesia over the invasion of East Timor to set only some of the most conspicuous declassified documents that since shown him to be a bald-faced liar. The seat is zero of a third try of presenting a truthful record after being caught twice as a fabricator and on such a grave matter is this. Number four. Kissinger's consulting firm Kissinger Associates is a privately held concern that does not publish a client list in a compelset's client's design, confidentiality agreements. Nonetheless, it's been established that Kissinger's business dealings would say that Chinese Communist leadership have closely matched his public announcement such as Sings as the massacre of Chinese students. Given the strong ties between himself, his partner's Lawrence Eagleberger and Brent Skowcroft and the oil-olegarchies of the Gulf, it must be time for least a full disclosure of his interest in the region. This thought doesn't seem to have occurred to the President or the Friends of Prince Bondar and Prince Dondar's wife who helped the evacuation of the Bindladen family from American soil without an interrogation in the week after 9-11. Number five. On Memorial Day 2001, Kissinger was visited by the police in the Ritz Hotel in Paris and handed a warrant issued by Judge Roger Lerwar requesting his testimony in the matter of disappeared Prince Citizens in Pinochet's Chile. Kissinger chose to leave town rather than appear at the palace of Justice as requested. He has since been some of his witness by senior magistrates in Chile and Argentina who are investigating the International Terrorist Network that one of the name Operation Condor and a conduct of assassinations, kidnappings, and bombings and several countries. The most spectacular such incident occurred in Russia are traffic and downtown Washington E.C. in September 76, killing a senior Chile and this incident and the American companion. Until recently, this was the worst incident of externally sponsored criminal violence conducted on American soil, the order for the attack was given by General Augusto Pinichet, who has been vigorously defended from prosecution by Henry Kissinger. Moreover on September 10, 2001, a civil suit was filed in a Washington D.C. federal court charging Kissinger with murder. The suit brought by survivors of General Renational Network Chile asserts that Kissinger gave the order for the elimination of this constitutional officer of a democratic country because he refused to endorse plans for a military coup. Every single document in the prosecution case is a US government declassified paper and the target of his devastating lawsuit is being invited to review the shortcomings of the intelligence community. In late 2001, the Brazilian government canceled an invitation for Kissinger to speak in Sao Paulo because it could no longer guarantee his immunity. Earlier this year, a London court agreed to hear an application for Kissinger's imprisonment on war crimes charges while he was briefly in the UK. It is known that there are many countries to which he cannot travel at all and it's also known that he takes legal advice before traveling anywhere. There's the Bush administration feel proud of appointing a man who's wanted in so many places and wanted for the more prison association with terrorism and crimes against humanity, where does it hope to limit the scope of the inquiry to those areas where Kissinger has clients? There is a tendency some of it paranoid and distrappable for the citizens of other countries and cultures to regard President Bush's war on terror as opportunist Nevenous can try. I myself don't take any stock in such propaganda, but can Congress and the media be expected to swallow the appointment of a proven cover-up artist, a discredited to his story in a busted liar, and man who's wanted many jurisdictions for the violence of offenses? The shame of this and the open content for the families of our victims ought to be the cause of a storm of protest. We're a Christopher Hitchens on Wednesday. How do you like that, huh? And like I said, I once day when the story came across the wire, now that we got Henry and charged, maybe a piece will be in our hands. Riding local, we're sports radio 560's UAM. This is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I'm a smoking all of my bars. Police got my bar. Police got my bar. Police got my bar. They come to scared it all I got. Police got my bar. Police got my bar. Police got my bar. Police got my bar. People stood me in a parking lot. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I'm a smoking all of my bars. All right. Well, 45 at 5.60, WQAM. 252 votes on a poll. I bet you at least 100 votes are like for real. About as I call from Kindle. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. I'm sorry. I'll probably do the better job than that Brian guy. It's a good book guy. Greg Gumball. Yeah. I can't stand them. Hello. Don't have naked pictures man at Kimbideon Explosion for it. Most of the officers can't put him in the filters. That's just as okay. But this guy, you know, no man. And the sad part of it is that CBS is number one crew. What does that tell you about how little they've done at this point? I'm going to hang you today. Awesome. That's unbelievable. Anyway, I like George. He's not you. No comparison at all. Yeah. That's good answer. It's brilliant. And he does bring some weird topics that are nice to hear. Even though if he's not getting any. That's interesting to get a different point of view from you know, where stuff it's not maybe other people do. Yeah. It's entertaining, I guess. Yeah. From a different kind of perfect right. Yeah. Listen. Yes, sir. How about, can you play? How is, uh, welcome everybody. Merry Christmas. That was pretty good. Elvis, welcome everybody. I'm Merry Christmas. I wanted something and he starts eating everybody's food. Okay. You got it. Sing a bye. Thanks. How have been weekend? I'm going to go by. I'll go by. Elvis Claus. Right? I think we played that yesterday, but yeah. Are you starting to interfere again? No. See Miguel is chuckling because he notices the way, you know, you've come in. You know, very weak, break mild. And now all of a sudden you're like a tornado out of control. Lunatic. You got Eric up there crying in Orlando. You got the beast who's getting blamed for your failures yesterday. You're faded. It's been him in the right direction. And now you're like bitching out this night and he seemed like a good guy to me. We've had all my people on the phone today. We haven't had one asshole call or they have we? Uh oh. No, we're not. No, we're not taking anymore. See I'm not as dumb as you think I am. I'm a girl. Okay. Well, we don't have time for anymore. I'm not deaf. Give me a little bit of credit. Well, yeah. All right, a little bit. I'm not going to like push my luck. What's the name of that show? Press your luck. Yep. I wasn't that that was the precursor to Wami. Wasn't it was not the original Mami show? No, actually. I think the press you're right. Right, right, actually. You're right, you're right. Press you luck in first. Oh, I'm telling you. I'm telling you. Wait till I start telling Mo about you. So anyway, what was the deal with Mo the other day you waved him and he like, look, do you would laugh and walk away or something like that? The ugliest look you've ever seen in your life. Really? Oh yeah. What have you done to merit a dirty look? We said the course being associated with me and being on his show and George. I don't even know if he knows that or he just does that to everybody. Maybe just don't like spicks. Kobe. Very hard to like commercial depicting Bush not the toast of the town in Britain. I'd tell you that we pressed that's going on a world of it. There's no more freedom of speech of the press anything. London. A cartoon, a cartoon television commercial that shows George W. was mistaken a toaster for a video recorder has been banned in Britain for ridiculing the president. And every time he watched us, he said yesterday the commercial for a satirical cartoon show was offensive could only be shown if the makers sought the president's permission first. The offending edge was Bush up opening a copy of the video and saying, my favorite, just pop it in the video player, he then sticks it into a toaster in Burnson. It also features Tony Blair fetching a balltoss by Bush and reference to the British Prime Minister's reputation among critics as the president's unquestioning poodle in world affairs. So what's wrong with that? We found that President Bush might find the portrayal not to was lacking in there for offensive said Oistine McLean, director of the broadcast advertising throorn center, an relation to rhyme or claim of hockey nut and Canada, and industry flooded body that vets TV ads in Britain. People are entitled not to be exploited for someone else's commercial game. He said the BACC said the producers of the soft permission from Bush to use his image before land pooning him. The makers of 2D TV and animated series that mox celebrities and politicians rejected the criticism saying the ads amounted a little more than a general ribbing. It seems absurd said producer Jal's pillbroe, he told rotors, were much tougher in the program. P pillbroe said requiring satirist to seek permission from their targets was an idiotic request that would mean asking Osama bin Laden or Sottam Hussein if it was all right to characterize your dem. Good point. I guess we won't be able to play them songs no more, you know, that Hussein and the one who played the other day. I'm just asking because you're like trying to interfere again when I die. And I will play it. Would you like it or not? Did I play that yesterday? Oh, you played it yesterday. Right. Well, nobody was listening. Is there any way? That's a good point. There was nobody listening when you in the beast were there. I did not need each other. Are you kidding me? You've got to be. No, is that sciving day? You think that anybody with a life was listening to this, or to any radio station on a Thanksgiving day, anybody with even like a meager existence? Oh, with a life. No. No chance. No chance. 262 votes and I bet you're least 20 of Mariel votes. My life. And love. This is for 20 of my 60. You're way too way. Yeah. Why the you best, too? Oh, like you. Like a river. As here is the king. I know I haven't been around much for a while, but I want you all to know what up here in Rockerall here and I'll do a thinking to be a business. And I can give you a special Christmas message. A message to peace. Like how about a little piece of that pack all by liking for everyone? Like whole soon. Christmas is a time of hope. Time of joy. A time of love. And I sure would love it. Take slides that feature you got there. Okay. What will I? Oh yeah, Christmas. Now Christmas to me means family. And family means friends. The friends means getting together. And getting together means eating. All passing at sunset, which is why you're all fighting. Like a remoines. Not just one of the slater you're out now. You know, I may be a big star. Maybe too big. But ain't nobody so big. He can't reach out to help in the hand. I don't know. Helping. A hand. Or would you hand me a help of those guys later going there and switch the police? Like, like, everyone. Now like I was playing with him. Ain't nobody so big. He can't. Stoop to help a friend of me to know where the holiday is. Season. A speaking of season. Won't pass me that self-sugar when you get the chance. Like, yeah. Just, just don't screw the color. That's like, like, like, like, like this. So this Christmas. Why don't you all take a trip from old A.O.S. Not all of those stick to it. Right where they are. You know what I mean? I appreciate it. Thank you. I want you to remember, for all part of God's great big family. And you know God made man into his own image. And look in the mirror. I'd have say God must be a big, big, simple, you know what I mean? I'll think it here. But I especially want you all to remember this one last thing. And you all to whom is Christmas. Just going to that popcorn up on the free. Save a big, big bowl for the can. Extra butter, no, no, no, no, no. Like you do. Like you. Like you do. Like you do. Like you. Like you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There was a blue. Yeah. Well, the... Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There was a blue. Yeah. There was a Beverly. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The rain. It shouldn't be so black. But it's gas. Yeah. I see. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Means that he won't. But any more healthy is all this, and it's good to see. Well, it's good to see. And Christmas. There it makes to. I've been sembling. You weren't feeling quite right. Then your face turned on white. Oh, thank you. You turned blue. You're blue, you're blue, you're blue. Good bye to you. You're blue, you're blue. Forever. Forever. Oh, baby, you're still. Fuckin' up there and heaven. Every night I met home. And I'm watching TV. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I have to sit. All his tongue moves in listen to. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Whenever. It's hard to grow. It's now whenever. But as I watch his clicks, And I look at all those chicks. I wish I knew if they blew, blew, blew, blew, blew, blew. And there. Oh, let's go and just blew a little bit. Oh. All right. Just about out of time. What a piece of cake this was today, you know what? Was it only me? It seemed like we were here for like a 15-20 minutes today. We just got on the air. Exactly. Let's do another couple of hours. What are you saying? Not. Not. Mad dog's coming. I've got important hockey game to watch, Mr. Scott, the Leafs and the Flyers in Friilar. Let's see. How's that pregame coming up? This TSN update is brought to you by Castle Syntech. The active loop. The ESPN bought the Mario North Star Everything Sounds the same now. Yeah. Same music. Anyway, don't forget join George from our 11-1 in Bill Siddles. Boulevard of Savings on Northwest 360, just twice to 27-2. Stop by giving a little kiss on his bald spot. We'll see if we can get some cool play and prizes and enjoy free food from and Lannys City's sub-swear. 271 votes on a poll. Some of them even for real. I'm starting to think that the poll results since this has been dittled with his upside down. Maybe the beast won after all. Are you taking a little bit of aint that? Yeah, that goes to show you how bogus it is. Best in the Elp 884, George 83, Joe Costello 68, and the beast is sucking way to last place with 36. So you know the damn result is upside down. So we don't want to make it official, or anything like that. But I'd say very likely the beast is the one. Bye bye! The weather's so unclimbed. So we can do it. I'm going to put my own quarter of it. Buffalo still sucks. You're listening to me. I'm going to do it. Oh my god, no, you're kidding. You're coming online. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. All right, Seth Greenberg, who's show will be getting... We'll be beginning soon here on Estations. Seth made the news last night with a win for South Florida over Providence. His 200 career win. That's who got their faster. You were Roger Clemens. I'd say a rather Roger Clemens. I'd say it was a good win for our team. I mean, it's nice to win the 200 game. I mean, you're obviously can't win 200 games. We don't want to coach him for five years. So it means at least they've been around for a while. Yeah. But it was a good win. Obviously for an Northeast or guide to have a quality big East win is number 200. You know, when the kids are graduated last year to have some guys step up and show some resiliency come from behind. It was a good quality win for our basketball team and our program. What time team you have over there? We're different. You know, obviously when you lose 4,000 points and about, you know, 1500 rebounds, 300 steals, you teams are going to be different. But it's a good key is that we've got a point cutter turning. We've got a post player returning when we're done on a bridge. You're going to call him the heart and soul of our team. And then we've got a bunch of young kids that are kind of just scrapping grind. But we do have great leadership with the two seniors. And that's pivotal for this success for our team. Where are your guys from most of them? Most of them. Most of them. Yeah. I mean, mostly Florida. I mean, I'm looking at a little bit of knowledge from New Orleans, but turns levels from right here in Tampa, more on Bradson Lee'sburg and Sam Roberts from West Palm Beach. There are more, you know, as from Palm Beach County. He's a baker from Orlando. But we have a couple kids, you know, kind of sprinkled in there also.