This is how Florida's only real source of your WQA, Miami Fort Lauderdale, a busy podcast kitchen. And WQAM.com Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, right, alright, alright. You've heard the secrets behind the Dom who's saying's Mr. It's like that. Just have the story. Find out who's the Dom who's saying really is. When ABC confronts the Dom who's saying's Baby's Mama. The Dom, sorry, I've been never saying it. And where is my check on? He always like a never old time. He's a Dom who's saying the most methodical error bleeder in the 20th century. Find out the deep secrets of the Dom who's saying. I felt this would've come pick me up and he came and picked me up on his busted ass camera. I can't move on the blind and that camera will spin on my dash. She can always like, uh, uh, uh. Find out how he really is in bed. I don't know how he has to keep his T-Wives. If he was, he could even hang 15 seconds with me, okay? Oh, that's why they just stay with him. Why did I say with him? He got dollars. Okay, he got business, business, business, business, all the bees. Okay, he got paid for me. But don't miss the Dom's Baby's Mama. Can I give pay for this? Tonight on ABC. Oh, I know two of five 60. W-W-U-M-Happy Monday to demand what a beautiful day. Sun is shining. It's 50 degrees. Going to be like 70, 70, do they? How about there? It's actually been fairly nice. It was a nice weekend. Oh, right. Excellent. So everybody's happy. Going to start getting colder this weekend. No, follows here in the north. Going to see those leaves turning. Going to freeze our ass off anyway. So our pull over the way all before we get to the pool. You know, John Turchin is on America's most wanted? No. There you go. I just barely sit the set down. Is that my ass down here? Now, already you learned something. How do you like that? He's wanted. He's one of America's most wanted. He's on that show. Which is a great show, of course. John Turchin who used to be on Channel 7 News, right? And who do you think put him on here? The first newscast on the radio in South Florida? Oh, God. I love his news many years ago. Back when we used to work with Cori Zawado back in my eight to midnight days. And in midnight, John Turchin and Cori Zawado and I would go to Lums. Number Lums didn't they name that after Lums from Lumman Amner? Right. That's what I'm hearing. That's a popular rumor around town. John Turchin makes the big town at the Maraneshawader, John. So anyway, we had 1,400 and 7 votes on a pull. The only problem with that is see some people would say, Well, she's either the complainant. We had back in March 10th. We had 1,525. The difference being that back then they were all legitimate. And they're not votes. And just it's just a survey. Which one of these are you or religious survey? Which all let's say they do it once a year from now on. Any 10 we repeat something. The response is always way down in addition, which like I told you before the show today, it's a middle of September. As compared to the middle of March, and then you go to September, there's like, what would you say? 30, 40% of the people aren't there yet? The snowboard. Right. Sure. They're not there. We're talking to ourselves basically. We got just like a skeleton crew. Today's the big day by the way before we get to the results of the pull. And given the new pull, which I think is going to get you some, it'll get some results today. Some real ones. Some real round. Maybe some real ones are not. And by the way, you assholes out there that keep dick and with stuff. Sick and sick and sick and sick and sick and sick. And you know, who do you know, who do you people kid you idiots you? You clowns. You morons. You might have gone. But you know, keeps you off the streets like I always tell you. How come my thing isn't refreshing now? Oh, it's refreshing. Is it? Brisk and refreshing. Well, mine is not mine is like kind of. Stay it. You know, I'm a smell. How about that to two good broad. You think we need to see or more. Oh, oh, oh, yeah. Just put it. This goes to show you how sick the media is. This bitch beats the crap out of her little girl gets caught. This traveler bitch, which I got stuff about the average travelers in a minute. When we get to it. And, and now all of a sudden, she's a celebrity. She's not making the rounds and all the talk in head shows. It's it's sex since we got this 24 hour news thing. It's it's changed the whole concept of what life is all about. She's on her birthday. Oh, well, gee, you know, I just lost my temper and there's a lesson to be looked. And of course, to top it all off, she's like kind of a, you know, should have been fixed. She should have been surgically fixed. Sixth total walleye bug one. Exactly. And don't be insulting Malai about whatever. You know, look at how Wickons and six and six and six and Wickons and six and back and forth. And then can those votes in chunks. So we had like 240 votes on a poll over the weekend of a disgrace. So we got a big day today boys and girls. Let me tell you two reasons why today's a big day. It's a big day for George. It is. Did you know that, did you know? Well, why not today's a trend is coming out of one o'clock, which, you know, we don't want to enter our main dog show. I knew about that. Well, yeah, but that's going to be way heavily on your shoulders because the months are going to be. And then you're lying August. So that's like huh? Yeah. It's two thirds of the summer book. And that's basically the majority of time when you were on because what, when to held that I, I don't know. Yeah, that's right. So that came back to the full schedule August 26, which would be after the, this trend. And I'll tell you who else it's going to be a big trend for. What I don't want to say there's any connection between the fact that somebody's ratings in a morning of a really crap, but the beast is not going to be his on vacation this week. And when it comes back next week is not going to be on the morning show. We'll not be working on the more Howard show. And of course, they're the usual denials from sub management types of which we had about 200 in the building now. Oh, no, it's got nothing to do with Mo. It's, uh, he's got a busy schedule with a hercouns and he's got this. Well, that's not the room around the rest of the building. I'll take it that. Okay. But it's not just Mo. That's always been the case with the morning show even back when, uh, back when the worst team was there. Right. Always had to have a scapegoat. The book would come out. They'd have a bad book or a couple of bad trends. Oh, well, let's find somebody to fire so we can blame them for it. Remember Donnie B? Of course. Bad guest band. Couldn't book it today. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, brother. It's from the Brook Daniels Randy Rhodes School of scapegoating the producer. See, people don't tune into a radio show because they like to produce her. People don't turn into a radio show, especially a sports show because they got great guests. I mean, on this stage, it's the same people all the time anyway. You got your Pat Riley and you got your B no girl. Oh, speaking of B no look at that bad news. It must be the, must be the Humperers on route today back from whatever NFL game was covering yesterday. Because we got at the three the Seth noon boy, a fate where you know, what are the Humperers numbers been going in the crapper lately? Too much. Terrific act between three and six thirty today. Oh, God. Hank will be back tomorrow though. Make no mistake. Be sure and run around town. Tell everybody about that. The homperon be back tomorrow. How about those a Patriots? They made it a setting there in the end. In fact, the Adolphins after play in Kansas City next week. That could be a real test because Kansas City is a scoring machine. They got no defense, but they're a scoring machine. So naturally, we made it exciting enough to send it in over time. So Adam Vennity, it could win it with a field goal. But how about that time, Brady and Troy Brown? Oh, woo. Man unbelievable. And of course, like I told you, that dolphins pushed over the United States. Did I tell you that the jet sucked? Another girl's team. I don't know what they got like a last play schedule of dolphins. They play all girls teams. But next week could be a different story. Okay. Let's get back to the survey. Okay. Semi annual religion pool, which we should have just forgot about it. Which one are you? We'll go through this again until March. Mark it down. March 10th. We'll do it again in March. And only once a year. Because when you repeat things, they don't want to be bothered with it. And the poll in March, we had 800 atheist diagnostics. That wouldn't you think that that would be the one category on the show of all shows that would like hold up their big time? You'd think. Well, we're the hell that they all disappear to. Agnostic 314, atheist 257, so he had those together. You got 671 as opposed to 800. Now, well, you know, you had to count for the fact there are a lot of people still out of town. But nonetheless, Catholics 231 in the pool in March, it was 260 year or two. So that's pretty close. The sick and wick. You notice how they're even even Steven. There's 220 votes. We're not going to dignify with a response. Jewish 125, now last time we broke it down Orthodox. Reformed and conservative. We didn't bother with that this time. 125, Protestant 110, born again Christians actually went up. Oh, LA, Lua, baby. The born again Christians are getting into the show now. 54. And you want an alikus they're waiting for them again. They want to hear a person show. I don't know what you're laughing about. Do do do do do do. You've got to cut it out, Mr. You're going to burn in hell. Buddhist 12, Shinto 12, which we didn't have Shinto's on last time. And we apologize to the seven day Adventist. We like your scraple. We left them off this time. It had 14 last time. And it probably were looking to get on a pool this time. And couldn't find it. We apologize, don't we? That little bit. No. Shinto's 12. Your hope is witnesses. 10. What do we have last time? 21. Oh, don't tell me we've offended your hope is witnesses. Maybe they became bored again Christians. That could be it. Maybe that's where the other ones came from. Muslim eight, Mormon six. We had eight Mormons last time. Only six this time. Very depressing. Hindu four sign tell this for. And Christian scientists. We had three. Probably reporting to Tom Cruise in the. Lisa Marie every day. Do you hear what they said on that show? Oh, those are the sign tell I just remember. So it's a big day today. One o'clock. We got to try and come out. Now what's the other reason it's a big day? Oh, it might be cause it want a clock. Our Toronto engineers going to be here in this little studio mine. And this beautiful little studio. And guess what he's going to fix today boys and girls. The phone. Welcome. Yeah, that's right. So that leaves into our poll questions for today, which I'm sure Eric is sitting on Pins and he does on the end of it. Is little sofa. Hello, an airspace probably a big sofa with a big wippy cushion. Here's our poll question today. We're going to get the phone's fix today. And he said something about messing with the equalization or the something. Which I sure hope he doesn't because do you does it sound to you? Like we have any kind of a problem. No, it sounds great. Sounds better than did before I went off the Amsterdam, doesn't it? Indeed it does. Sounds excellent. We do not talk it over each other. And you sound like you're sitting right across the room, which would be on that little balcony out there. Don't lean back. It's several stories down. There he goes. But so I hope he doesn't mess with that. But of course, knowing our engineers and I'm sure he'll be on the foam with mini Bob when he comes here. I want to collect. But the phones are going to be fixed, which leads to the possibility that we can take phone calls on and show again. We've got five choices. Wow. I like to give a lot of choices. Yes, please. Exclamation point. Yes, but only a few. Maybe one day a week. Absolutely not. Please. Exclamation point. Or if he does, I'll blow my brains out. Exclamation point. What do you think? I know it. Carlos is voting for. I see. Should Neil have a call? I think. I'll call. I see. Should Neil start taking calls on. I sure again. Oh, Carlos. Don't do it. Yes, please. Exclamation point. Yes, but only a few. Maybe one day a week. Absolutely not. Please. Exclamation point. And if he does, I'll blow my brains out. Exclamation point. There's the Polaric. Yeah. We're going to have that all our atheist diagnostics go. Well, I probably thought about it. Speaking of Poles before we do the break. Newsweek pool. Right up to date. And this week's Newsweek, which has got the front cover story about how we made the put Sodom made a morning yesterday, which I got the part of that for you. Newsweek pool. How does the Bush administration done a good job of explaining US policy to Iraq? 26,000 responses give or take. Yes, 34 percent. No, 60 percent. Don't know. 5 percent. You got that? Yes. He's done a good job of explaining. 34 percent. No. 60 percent. I'll nearly 30,000 responses. In Newsweek, hardly a liberal rag. Okay. I just mentioned that in passing. 913 at 560 WQM. I'm sure you've heard the news about the 3.95 percent mortgage. So if you've been thinking about doing it, don't just think anymore. Do something. That's the time the smart time to buy a home or refinance. You're existing home at the incredibly the amazingly low rate of only 3.95 percent. If you have a 7.5 percent mortgage, the 3.95 percent would save you over 3.5 percent. Or over 3500 bucks the first year on 100,000 dollars mortgage. So instead of making things hard for yourself, pick up the phone and make them easy by calling financial group with their toll free number. 1-800-940-LEND. That's 1-800-940-5363. Getting a mortgage someplace else in the long run is going to cost you a lot of cash. Thousands of hours of year. Think of all the money you're going to save when you have a 3.95 percent mortgage. Financial group is help thousands and thousands and billions of customers just like you. Put your financing in the best possible position by getting yourself a 3.95 percent mortgage. In an entrepreneur group today, be sure to add some top-to-dreck to what you'd call 1-800-940-5363. 1-800-940-5363, there were equal housing lender. Credit restrictions do apply and rates are something to change if you wait to God damn long. 9-800-940-5363. This is for 305-63. 2-800-940-5363. Hey, Spaniard, out of his jackstrap. Tonight on HBO. It's the sensitive soprano. I thought I'd give you a new dress. I hope she's likes the colour. It's a colour of my new machine gun. Thanks, you're so thoughtful. You're a real jan. I'm sorry, but what I said in your bed. I promise next time nothing bigger than a chihuahua. The sensitive soprano's. You're Tony. Thanks for claiming the dead body's off the carpet. You're real domestic a paving. By the thing. Hey, you know what? I left a category off of there. Just when Eric got the whole pull up there and I got to make him put another one on her. Sorry, Eric. Makes no difference to me. Oh, I'm pretty good, right. Sure. In other words, we got that one percentage. I don't know what the percentage is, but there's a percentage of the audience. That they don't care. They're so loyal and they're so obsessed of cest. Then if I said here, going, and as long as they knew it was me going, like that, or if I was just going, like that. They would listen religiously for hours every day, every single day. That's right. Well, find out how many of us in when George was on the summer come our morning. When we dissect all those numbers in the trend, June, July, and August, this is going to be pressure. Have we do any baby? Don't you feel the pressure? Yes, I do. I'll be right back. Probably because you didn't go out and take your craft this morning. That's the news for the audience, by the way, who keep track George went out and took a leak this morning, but not a crap, which I can't believe that. Took one before I left. I see. Only one. Just one. Oh, the word around town is Joe Rosen, Charles L. Moore, our badmouthing somebody on the station. Don't know what I'm mentioning, names. Okay, so there we go. Makes no difference. That was quick. Jesus, God. Look at that. But his Eric is on top of it today, man. He's probably the one who voted for all those sick and wicked. He's probably done it, just to be a smart ass. He always got kind of a strange sense of humor. Yeah. Yes. No to that. Oh, oh. We start out. 10,000 and two votes. Eric, like I said, you need some mental help. No, maybe that's just an aberration. Okay, or maybe that just can be normal. No, he did that to crack you up. He'll fix it. Oh, well, he did want to show that he can read the poll too if it really came in. I know that. He can read it and a poll too. Court day today for video tape mom and it come to find out that she's an Irish traveler. This bitch who's now a media celebrity. Just just like those three. Oh, and then Michael Mayo, which I wouldn't waste the time. I wouldn't dignify him by reading it on the ear. He's got this hearts and flourishing where he rips the guy from the medical school there in Miami because they initially said that the three, those three are schmaktaheads couldn't go to school, but they're eventually going to like change your mind when the publicity dies down. And he's ripping his guy. These three clowns, I'm not by any standards. They deserve whatever to hell they get. Take enough stories about, wow, we're going to do this and we're going to blow it up. And if you don't believe this broad, I mean, there's no way that anybody, no matter what kind of a scumbag she might be, no matter how big it is she might be alleged, could contact some kind of a story like that. Although I will say this and then of course the media, the media just jump right in or all the way, they went flying through the toolboard, nobody went flying through any toolboard, okay? The one guy paid for the boat of them, right? Right. Three bucks, buck and a half at a buck and a half like I told you here, wasn't a buck, you assholes on CNN. You guys better go with it. See these are not people who travel the alley, they don't know what they're talking about. You've been on the alley? You're talking to me? You're going to be in the alley if those numbers don't come out good today, well I've tended to pressure. Oh, this, I really realized it's only a trend, bro. You got to understand, this only takes you up to like when I came back. Not that it's going to be any big deal when I come back, but nevertheless it probably might be. Court day today for video tape mom, we'll get to the travelers thing in a minute, which ought to be pretty interesting. The Irish travelers, that's with two else. A court hearing is said today for Indiana for Madeline Gorman, too good. The 25 year old mother who is video tape hitting her four-year-old girl and a department store parking lot, I'm sure that nobody has thought it's to see that video tape more than 4,000 times. Too good who faces a child battery charge has had her daughter taken from her in place in foster care, two other children sons are said to be staying with relatives. I baby right now is when people she doesn't know because of what I did. She's been took away, sob too good. She's been took away. She's never did nothing wrong. Who the hell's called me on my cell phone? Is that my cell phone? Are they mine? Oh, who the hell could that be? You're booking? I don't have a booking. My cell phone's ran the other room. Doesn't that make you like curious who'd be called me? It's probably a wrong number. Maybe it's normal. She never did nothing wrong and she's not going to know what we have. What we have, I got to go get my cell phone. How much tune? Okay, I got to just see it. No problem. Okay, it's a grower number. So you know that should I call it? Here you go call. Give it out of here. I'm calling it right now. Okay. It's a book. Is anytime I get a call on here 90% of the time. It's a you have reached mail box number. Yeah, that's nice. It's a wrong freaking number. I'm not even no message. Go away. Okay. Kill that music. Now let's see. Let's get back to this illiterate rambling from this bitch. She never did nothing wrong and she's not going to know what we have and come and got her. This is from CBS News.com. I'm not just a paraphrasing. This is a direct quote. She's not going to know what we haven't come and got her. She's been took away. For sterilization folks of Italian is programmed for years. Too good as said that she lost her temper in a parking lot of cool departments door in Michigan, Indiana, because she was having a bad day and she feels terrible now about a rations. You ever been in Michigan, Indiana? Don't go there. Okay. She told reporters yesterday that it is true. She had her 40 year old daughter Martha no kidding in the head and back and put her hair. But she didn't punch her. Too good said she herself was horrified when she saw the video tape. I was thinking, I look like a monster. Too good said crying. I can't believe I did that to my little four year old girl. Right. On a surveillance video tape of the September 13th in Senate, which has been televised nationally 52 million times, too good appears to be making punchy motion's daughter daughter. It was mostly hidden within the sport utility vehicle. Martha didn't deserve what she got to. It said I just lost my temper. Authorities have said too good. Let the cold departments door in Northern Indiana angry because she was denied a cash refund for two pairs of jeans. She denied that the failed refund of templates connected to the beating. Are you trying to tell me? And we're not accusing her specifically, but in just in general, that one of the scams that the travelers like to pull as they go in may shop low stuff and then they go to the refund and try to get the cash. Right. That's a standard shoplifting kind of thing. Like you steal something from one sears and then go try to return it and another for cash. I see. For attorney Stephen Rosen said he believed the hitting took place because Martha this beam have been bispy haved in the store taking toys out of packages and wandering away, prompting storm plays to page two good twice. Two good was said she's an Irish traveler who currently lives in Michigan, but moved from place to place looking for work. Re-attirated her feelings that her daughter should at least be allowed to live with her husband or another family member. She said she hopes to be reunited with a daughter and that she or daughter and her husband, John, plan to start parenting classes. Anything they want us to do will do, too good said she would charge with felony debatery to a child which carries a maximum penalty of three years in prison. She said her two young son, the son's her thing with family. Now the Irish traveler thing, which I checked it out on the web, no matter what you check out on her web, there's always some pretty interesting crap. Our pull is up by the way we got 27 votes. Irish traveler sometimes known as itinerates or tinkers. Tinkers. The are a very small minority group in Ireland. Tinkers. They make up less than 1% of the population with about 23,000 people in the Republic and another 15 evidence in the north. It's also estimated there are about 15,000 are travelers in Britain and another 7,000 in the USA. Irish travelers belong to a distinct ethnic group within Ireland. They have their own language beliefs and social customs, which have been made stronger over time to their exclusion and marginalization from mainstream settled society. They're pretty marginal. Occasionally, Irish travelers have been confused with the Roma or Gypsy's in England who despite centuries of coexistence, cover and interchange and limited intermarriage remaining distinct people. Until lots of long ago Irish travelers referred to as tinkers. This word referred to their occupation as tinsmiths and metal workers and was derived from the Irish word, Seared Smith or Tinkered Tinsmith. This word is now generally used in a derogatory sense. You got them tinkers? Most of the travelers' traditional craft such as spoon-mending, tinsmithing and flower making of God by the way now is a result of urbanization and interaction of plastic and industrial technology. Travelers' musicians have included the great Ullit-Walenean Piper, Felix Durran. Oh, God, don't you love him? And the world renown folk musicians the Fury Brothers. The music and singing of the Irish travelers have been into Klein since urbanization and the arrival of television, or as Alexander Spentett would say, Heal of Vision. Fewer travelers now rely on singing and making music for their livelihoods in time gone by. Their number of theories is the origin of Irish travelers. Their secret language shelter, and the evidence of various historical references to them would seem to indicate that their remnants of an ancient class of wandering poets. Join by those who were pushed out the land during different times of social, economic, people such as Kramwell's campaign of slaughtered a battle of void in the Battle of Agrum. Many of the travelers may also be the descendants of people who have told us as a result of the Irish potato famine in the 19th century. I think it's kind of like upgrade a little bit, you know, get least into the 20th century. Huh? Get over it already. Yeah, get over all of that, okay. There's plenty of potatoes around. Me and the X. 926-560 WQA, I'm happy Monday to you. And you know the beast, the beast who's not going to be working at morning show anymore. That's the rumor I'm hearing. Uh, he's lost 55 pounds on balance for life. And you can do the same thing. They're all these cracked diets out there, all of these pills that are supposed to make you lose weight overnight while you're sleeping. All of these potions and locians in its stupid kaito sand and kaitosaw, forget about it because all of the areas one big rip off exploiting you because you're two things. You're fat and you're desperate. Balance for life isn't a scam. It's delicious prepared food accordingly. Quite of the principles of the zone diet by Dr. Barry Seuss, but like I keep telling you, the zone diets very complicated and too complicated for most people, which is why balance for life is so great because they do all of the figuring they hormonally balance all of your meals and your food is all there. You don't have to count calories, you don't have to count carbs, you don't have to go shopping, you don't have to do anything. Because they bring right to you, right? You do have to do one thing and that is select from the list they give you. There's a menu list every day and you pick from two choices for each meal for each snack. And that's it. That's the only thing you have to do whatever you like the best. And that little black snack, a satch, a snatch that they delivered you during every morning by a six o'clock. It's got all your food in there for the whole day. Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks right here, two or a step and believe me the food is fresh. It's delicious. There's nothing frozen. There's nothing prefabricated. Little tiny little packages like those other diet programs and the way just comes just pouring off your body. Why you've had a big smile on your pussy because you're full. You're satisfied and you're eating delicious great gourmet stuff. And you just can't beat it. So pick up that phone called balance for life right now. And I promise you we know time at all. You look better than the beast. Call 9 5 4 5 6 8 30 2 29 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29. It's the painless day healthy way to lose weight. It can check them out on the web if you like it balance for life.com. My and local. This is for 30 5 6 2 2 1 2 1 1. How in day. And that's why I think I get to have a cheap beanship season. If what did I tell you you don't talk to like say you can talk. This is the beast. I said shut up. That you're like a father to me. You don't talk to lamb done talking. When I'm done talking then you talk. Okay, I'll be coming. Come here. I want you to meet a friend of mine. Mr. Guff Club. Why are you on earth? I'm going to show you the business. I didn't think coming. This is your 20 years in ours. What you in vote. I had to take off my mattress. Look like we're bunkmates. The names more how a statement. Starrestage screen of paradise. What's your big old me, girlfriend? You got so bad. Thank you. Hey. You can have a cold. I'm going to make you my wife. You got a hot dog. Who got you? Pinky. I'm sure time you got 10 minutes. Well, it was to be safe and he. You both have. No man. And you're not new in the play over there. It's so pretty. Okay. Poor the power is like that. You know who I am? You can't even don't think it up now. I'll be a bloody man. All right. But I expect a Britain apology. I might trust my dad. I threw man of both. Hey, Lord. I'll take the floor. I'll take the floor. I'll take the floor. I'll take the floor. I'll take the floor. The one I'll see you now. Thanks. Well, Mr. David. And then, Warden. Jack. Jack, Warden. How can it help you? Can you see Warden? Yeah. I keep getting raped. To the toe. Isn't that a shave? John, who can do it right away? Thanks. What about tights? I'm putting it down. Drop your pair. I said drop your pair. This is ours. The favors don't come to you. No. No. No. No. Let's rape. No. No. No. We've asked the time away. If the geogail will pass. Rumor on the building is that number one with three bullets. It's what I'm hearing. And you know, it's just down by me. I guess I'm a little bit slow on the up chuck. But the fact that the beast is like being reassigned or whether duties and is being blown up and I'm warning sure when it comes back from vacation next week. You're not thinking anything to do with that bit, do you? Anyway, moving right along. We got 69 votes. Look at that interesting number. 69 should Neil start taking calls on his show again. Because they're fixing our phones today. I want to climb. I don't like that. Yes, but only a few 19. Maybe one day week 17. Yes, please 14. If he does, I'll blow my brains out. 9. It makes no difference to me. 7. 10%. See, it's that 10% loyal people out there. I'll give a crap what we do. I like that. We should have like 100% loan those people. Yeah, absolutely not. Please only three. Only three. Absolutely not. So that's pretty interesting, huh? I've got to blow my brains out. So those are the early returns. And of course Carlos and George both say, We don't want to do that. We don't want to hear four hundred times a day again. Well, we'll see. We'll play by here. We got because we're going to have the phones all fixed. We kind of ashamed to have the thing actually working here tomorrow. We'll see if we can do that. Yeah, that would be tragic. We got some faxes here. Here's what it says. Neon, you're wrong. The dolphins play the second toughest schedule. And if I'll let's hear the same as the Patriots. Well, guess what? They get off to an easy start. Just like they do every year, which is why the three and they play three girls team so far. I look at that Detroit. The pathetic defenseless cult who followed her way past a girls team. Houston expansion team yesterday. And the jets who are girls team with all respect to what we know. Respect to our neighbors. We're going to be a big tune. The jet sucks. I told you that before the game yesterday. The jets are a joke. They got no offense and they got no defense. Other than that, they're pretty good. They suck. Where is the Patriots knocked off Pittsburgh? Who's supposedly was going to be so damn good. They pounded the crap out of them. The jets who were like one and all at the time, who regal off against Buffalo over time, who were supposed to be good. They pounded the crap out of them. And Kansas City has got a dynamite offense. What else are running? Rashnam priest. Jesus priest. Something like that. Ponds. Holmes priest. Sure. Priest. Sherlock Holmes. Anyway, so they sent me the dolphin schedule. Denver, Oakland, Kansas City. Patriots like the jets twice right there, girls team. The girls, the the cults. Sandy, a girl, which is another girls team. And a bear is who are like, say, a lot worse than everybody thought they would be. How come you knew that? How come you knew priest Holmes? That was Chuck. I know, but that's what I'm saying. I thought you weren't into sports. No, I follow football. I just compared to these people. I'm not into sports. In other words, you're more casual. Do you not obsessed with it? Yeah. You're not psychotic about it? That's not my life. Here's Jerry the Ebullient guy. Remember him? No. Yeah. He's the one I was called from New York that day to correct my pronunciation. He was trying to tell me it was bullying. He was bullying. He was bullying. And I finally looked it up on the thing. And I was a course right. See, I know my words, okay, Schmuck, Jerry. But anyway, Jerry sends me a fact. He says, hi, George Hainiel. The entertainment yardstick. I measure quality and radio entertainment by the level of my wife's pleasure. Simply put, if you really, really despises something, A, it's probably great stuff, and B, I'm probably going to love it. And man, she hates you like poison, Neil. She thinks you are a Schmidt incarnate. And know the best part. She's a stockbroker. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. And if we say, boy, would tend to know why. By the way, a friend turned me out of the New York Rage show about three years ago while in Crowle Gables. And not that I'm able to get to show off the not-a-listen religiously despite having been a di-harr and Howard sperm fan for years. Let's face it. Howard sperm is known to you, Rogers. And I can say, with certainty, this is not an assucking, but a mere statement of fact. Anyway, pick his son, the lips, no tongue. You're New York, pali, Jerry, the abudian guy. P.S.C. with the macaroon to some pen this year. Maybe a couple of times. How about those maple leaves, huh? No. Come on. Let's see. Richer, oh, I see. Here's the response because he, he facts the program director. A W-A-B-C. Butlin, butlin getting fired. Lynn Samuels is great by the way. And we leverage. He's got a great website, which we got a link to on our website now. She's great. She's like heads and shoulders above most of the other bosos who do this kind of radio. She says, and they respond to this writer. Okay, since you guys, Lynn Samuels program outside there was not profitable for W-A-B-C. Although we paid her salary and every little side of it, he's got to say the show. Things have been tough for all advertising. And they put a couple of syndicated shows on like cheap channel does. We don't pay the salaries. They're syndicated shows. While advertising is still difficult, we have an easier time selling financial ratios to money type clients than we did for Lynn Samuels. I do regret the decision. I was always a Lynn fan as I know you are too. Signed field boys from Golden Pacifica. How do you like that, huh? Well, Lynn Samuels getting screwed over there. It's an issue of the business we'd art hanging there. And whatever you do, don't stop with that website. There's a lot of great crap on there. There's not a single day that goes by. Don't get some good stories off our website. Couple of cues. And this is an actual segue off the story about that two good bitch, the traveler. Couple accused of locking 70-year-old girl in room for months. This is in Tampa. How do you like that? Again, most of the bad crap comes back to Florida. Yeah. A mother and her boyfriend were arrested for allegedly locking the woman 70-year-old daughter in a room for more than four months and giving her so little food she looked like a walking skeleton. Connie Warrington 23 and David La Point 36, face eight counts of abuse including Caging, food deprivation and medical neglect according to a police report. When police filed a girl wearing this months, he weighed 25 pounds. Normally a child that aged with way by 55 pounds. She looked like a walking skeleton, Tampa police spokesman Joe Durkins said. No relation to Tom Durkins. Police on Friday charged Warrington a housekeeper with three kinds of abuse and Le Point who was unemployed with five counts who's unemployed. Yes. A couple originally from Glen's Falls, New York. We're being held with our bail police didn't know if the couple had attorneys. You ever have any Glen's Falls, New York? No, have it. Don't go there. Okay. Thanks. I'm awfully ticker daughter from a New York hospital where she was being treated for the effective abuse and moved to Tampa, Durkins said. Tampa police didn't have details of the abuse she was being treated for. Earlier this month, the girls biological father Daniel Sims discovered the dismal conditions after he came up with a corridor to pick her up. You know, as custody was daughter in Glen's Falls. According to the Tampa police report, Warrington Le Point kept the girl in a locked bedroom with no furniture, no toys. She used the closet as a bathroom. The child said Le Point locked up only occasionally better because she was bad and he hated her according to the report. Le Point bit the girl on the back as a form of punishment reports said. The child also told police Le Point pushed a bead deep into her ear canal. Doctors in New York Hospital surgically removed it earlier this month. State authorities have cuffed the Le Point of Warrington's children. They won you, old boy and three year old girl who are healthy and unhomed. For sterilization, baby, like I said, force-prec and sterilization. That's the only hope for the future of the goddamn human subhuman race. For sterilization. Now, and I get to pick and choose. 1941 at 5.60 WDQ. How about those Emmys? Watch it? No. You watch it? No. I feel that was on. Good choice. Hey, by now, I'm sure you've heard the incredible earning potential a computer professional. Have you heard about that? I know it. You've heard me talk about the incredible demand for certified computer professionals. And about the great people that fast train, make no mistake, abuded. It's time to do yourself a big favor. Pick up the phone and call our good friends at fast train at their toll free number. 1866 fast train. If you're tired of working for peanuts, if you've had them and not having two knuckles to run together, you can complete this program, get certified in just four short months and be on your way to a newer high paying career. Fast train has got four convenient locations in Dave Broward, including that brand-new one in Kendall. It got convenient classes for days, evenings, and even weekends to fit your personal schedule. Fast train has got a full time job placement to perform with over 30 years experience. So what are you waiting for? Pick up that phone today called this number toll free. 1866 fast train. That's one eight six fast train. Be sure to tell them that Todd Rec uses as teach on a pencil toward the call. And of course you can check them out on the web if you like at fast train dot com. I'm going to go to the local 50s. 50s. You wait. It's on clear street right now. Good afternoon. This is your captain speaking with just a little flight information coming up on the left. We're going to be catching a glimpse of the grand canyon on the right. You can be able to see the Hoover Dam in just a few minutes. A couple little facts here on packing a cold king cobra. That's a 357 caliber firearm with the black rubber friff and a six inch barrel. Covalid is carrying a Kimber custom defense pistol with all the bell's and whistles. He'd expect him a custom gun of that kind with an alloy frame and bevel treatment on the entire gun. I let's got a gun. I let's got a gun. It's a loaded one. Down to nothing down. Then I'll thank you for you. For you will then take a crew. Instead of killing a rescue, we'll have been on the plane. You'll tear away a seven-kilimal power. It's never gonna make a mine before without your prey. This is a back-to-back action. Enjoy the rest of the flight. I'm 47 at 5.60 WQAM. You know these scumbags in Chicago that ran out there in a field as father and his son? Yes. The guy with a tattoo's all over his body looked like Charles Manson on a bad day. Come to fight out. But this wasn't something that they did because they were drunk. Because it was the ninth inning they had too many beers. Come to fight out. Looks like it was pre-meditated. A cook-cowty judge ordered a man who went on the field of Kamiski Park in attack to Kansas City. The world's coach held on $200,000 bond. During a hearing, a prosecutor described how William League Jr. telephone his sister before the attack and ordered a watch the white socks game because he was gonna be on. When she couldn't find the game on TV, he ordered a watch the news because he'd be on it. Assistant states attorney Colleen Daily B. San. It was just a short time after that called Daily said that League in his 15-year-old son round the field and ninth inning of that game between the white socks and the world's attack Tom Gambo at a first-face coach. League was charged with a felony account of an aggravated battery in a public place to amusement daily said. League told police actors a rest that he charged in the field because he was angry the white socks were losing. But Daily said the attack was pre-meditated. Shortly before he ran on the field, League handed his key cell phone and jewelry to another one of his sons. She said League was wearing a pocket knife on his waistband when he ran on the field. The 15-year-old son has been charged with two juvenile counts of aggravated battery. One for attacking Gambo and the other one for hitting a white socks security guard and off duty police officers and the teenagers doing court today. Daily said the attack on the 54-year-old Gambo was unprovoked and disputed the contention reportedly made by League in his son that the coach provided provoked him on him. Seeing gesture. So in other words, the neck-along story sure would as come back in his punk kid. This was his 15 seconds of fame. That's interrupt. Yes Tom Wellings on Regis and Kathy right now. Oh, what channels add on? That's on seven down here. I don't know about that. Let's see. There's a WKBW. There's a four-inch right there. Oh, don't tell me I don't have it. Oh, there he is. Oh, no, we're not going to come in. Ah, you have it to that's the end of it too. Was that the end of the interview? See? Oh, no. Oh, no. You've got to be shmitting me for your really phoned on the job. You know, I forgot about it. That was a fact actually that I got. Don't you remember you told me on Friday we both forgot about it. And I have to take the blame for that because, you know, that's heavy duty stuff. Tomorrow a small bell return. Oh, no. It's a little bit of a story. And talk about how your mind is now working too well. You forgot about the fact that that guy who found a little octagonal abusive of the spaceship that he like kind of floated it toward the thing. And it like locked it at least. And a spaceship kind of like took off a little bit. It was like floating. I was in the air. He's in finale. It was like kind of like Carlos, not our Carlos there, but the one up by the front reception does it was floating. The spaceship and the spaceship too. And poor Tom welling he had to go like after that red pickup truck. And he wasn't really sure whether he wanted a catcher, no, not because he wasn't sure whether Lana was in it or Janet Reno. So it's going to be a heavy duty episode, the premiere of this year's of this season's small of a lot of WB tomorrow night. I what time is that on? 8 or 9? 8 I think. I was confused about that. I think you're wrong. I think it's 9. But somebody will tell us, okay, because I sure want to miss that. And I'll have the tape running. I'll have all three TVs turned on over the end place here. And we got a mixed bag on our pull so far today. We got 130 votes. And we have like all over the place should Neil Stein. Let me say it again. Okay. So you missed the beginning of the show, which shame on you. Because it's a big day in Paradise, baby. One o'clock today. The trend comes out, which is two thirds of the summer book. This is George's uh, in addition to which of course this will also see if we instead of those awful best of Neil tapes from my summer, which we were running twice a week. Well, there might be on a few not too many to it. And not by choice believe me. I don't want to be sick. Which I haven't even told about like being sick yesterday. Oh yeah. I thought here we go again. I woke up yesterday morning with like a little chills in the fever. Oh no. But I think what happened is that over the night before the night, whatever, Saturday night, I slept like with a cover's off to the sun. I got like a little bit of a chill. I can't sleep and get a chill man. I just said, well, anything that happens, I get sick. But I thought here we go back to the flu again, back to the Amsterdam flu. But luckily, I took my leg run. My extra strength. I'll see if I can damage my liver and I'm doing pretty good. I just mentioned that in passing. Now how did I get to that summer book? Yeah. So we'll see if those two days a week that I work, which I worked a few days. From how many of you that do for Manchester in one? I did a few. I was sick. Look, do you think that we ought to be sick? Especially in Amsterdam. I think so. That was the first day of the back. They got tumble. There he is. From the hard clock count was like, But like, smooths and his face is he growl like a little growths. And don't spray yours like that. So that is who been on commercial. I get you actually. I'm so free. And what's with that bad do? It looks like he ran into a lawnmower. Wow. And admiring his feet. Everything. Okay. He's the only one who's doing large feet. Some guys have large feet. Some guys have large zucchinis. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. We're good to you. Yeah. We're good to you. Some guys have both. Yeah. They're big and a boat. Hey, that's the one she's right. Alright. So you got small build. That's it. This is early clock. Can't say there are no types of it. Okay. Well, we can't put Regis on here. We got a show to do. 137 votes. But I'm watching another quarter of my eye. Should Neil start taking calls on the show because the phones will be fish to want to clock. We got the trans come on. We got the engineer coming up here to fix the phones. 146 votes. Yes, but only a few. 44. 30.1%. Yes, please. 37. 25 point. So in other words, about a quarter of the audience is really Jones and for phone calls. Maddie. Come. That's stuff. You know, it makes no difference to me. 23. 15.7%. Boy, I'll tell you that number is zooming up there. You know what? The Royal audience crowd out there. Yes, he's going a little schmutz. I don't like that. Go take a shave Tom. You idiot. Day off. I don't give me that crap. It's his day off. He's growing a schmutz. All the guys now. They got to have that little bit of schmutz in their face. That went out with knickers. Okay. Sweetheart. Clean it up a little bit. Make some difference to me. 23. Maybe one day we 23. If he does, I'll blow my brains out. 12. And absolutely not. Please. 7. So it's like all over the place. This poll, which is good. It's good. It's like nippentucker wheel battle. What we have to look at him right now. And this took from small film now. Here we go. Your dad is missing, right? In this particular scene. Yes. And you, like I mean, he's got his hand on his crotch. Have a combine to hunt the windows. I mean, he's going to whip it out right now, you know. He's still there. Clark. I'm just trying to call the fire to promise him. Get right. Hey, skinhead. It's skinhead. Luther Boy. Watch out for him. Clark. He's going to be trouble. Maybe he's going to be big trouble. Never trust the skinhead. He's going to be a big trouble. He's going to be a big trouble. He's going to be a big trouble. He's going to be a big trouble. He's going to be a big trouble. He's going to be a big trouble. He's going to be a big trouble. He's going to be a big trouble. He's going to be a big trouble. He's going to be a big trouble. He's going to be a big trouble. He's going to be a big trouble. He's going to be a big trouble. He's going to be a big trouble. He's going to be a big trouble. He's going to be a big trouble. He's going to be a big trouble. He's going to be a big trouble. He's going to be a big trouble. He's going to be a big trouble. A week from today? Something big the next week is September 30. What is it? He's a loft opening. That's it. Two weeks ago, the administration heard of the discovery of shipments of thousands of high strength aluminum tubes to Iraq has proved that President Sodom was secretly secretly trying to develop a program to produce nuclear weapons. Such tubes can be used in the production of enriched uranium vital for such a program. The discovery of the tubes which were intercepted on Routo Iraq was leaked to a leading American newspaper. Vice President Cheney went on television talk show to say the tubes were evidence that Sodom was actively and aggressively trying to develop a nuclear program. But a report from the Institute for Science and International Security ISIS says such claims cannot be made. The report at Routo, which has been obtained by the independent yesterday, concludes by themselves these attempted procurements are not evidence that Iraq is in possession of our close to possessing nuclear weapons. They don't provide evidence that Iraq has an operating centrifuge plant or where in such a plan could be operational. Washington said that in the past 14 months of the seas two separate shipments of tubes to Iraq, while it refuses to say where the seizures took place. It's been reported that at least while the shipments originated in China was intercepted in Jordan. There is no evidence that any of the tubes actually reached Iraq. The shipments sparked concern among the US intelligence community because of these such tubes and the centrifuges employed to make enriched uranium for nuclear bombs. Because these centrifuges rotate up to a thousand times a minute, it's essentially used high strength heat resistant metals. But the report produced by ISIS and independent group that studies nuclear and other security issues questions this concludes on several technical grounds suggesting that based in information released by the government, these tubes were of a thickness that would make them difficult to weld. It also says that by the time Iraq's nuclear weapons program was destroyed by coldest enforcers during the Gulf War, it had abandoned aluminum for specialized steel and carbon fiber. David Albright director by assistant assigned his with first hand experience of Iraq's nuclear weapons program as a member of the International Atomic Energy Agency's instruction team. So there was an debate with the US scientific community about the government's claims. But at it, that the Bush administration planned down on such discussion. I don't know why there's not more debate he said. I've heard that a lot of people are expected to remain silent. The Bush administration certainly scared people. I met one government scientist who said his phone was being monitored. How do you like that? What do you say? Huh? Scary. That's all you can say about it. 9.56 and 5.60 WQAM happy Monday. It's a big day, baby. I think today is the turning point all of our lives. You know what? You believe that? Sounds good though. I'll tell you what will be the turning point in your carpet's life and that is one good cleaning from our friends at dry concepts. It'll turn your whole attitude around toward carpet cleaning. If you've tried other people and been disappointed in the past. If you tried sloughing home that heavy equipment from the supermarket and made yourself a mess, a soggy mess on the floor. Don't waste your time with any of that anymore. Call our good friends at dry concepts. We've been working on this for about 20 years. I've been using it for 20 years. And everybody I know that's got a brain that's got any common sense. Use these folks because nobody does it better. Nobody gives you a fair deal either. And like I always tell your dry concepts give you a written guaranteed price before they start the job. Soon I have to worry about rip off tack on this appointments when they finish. Oh, sorry. We gave you wrong estimate. There's no such thing. A written guaranteed price before they start to inspect. When they finish your carpet. It's just like brand new. They smell on the fresh and they're dry. Just a couple of hours. You'll have a bit one of the biggest smiles on your post. You've had in a long time. And they also do a spectacular run. Be the full job. A clean year furniture and draper. Making them look just like brand new. Spot dying. Piper protection. Carpet repairs. In pint or handle rug service. Net snazzy big planet. There's the authorization and a flood ever hits your house. Complete water damage restoration too. Their miracle workers right there on your floors. So call them today. You'll have a like I said a gigantic smile on your ugly post. In Broward called dry concepts of 9.5.4 37077.8. 9.5.4 37077.8. In data Palm Beach is a tool free call 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1. Clean today. Entertainment. With dry concept. Watch the swallowing balloon. Time for our special effects on that victim. I didn't think it was ourquarters but it was ourarrive from our trial network for our license critical accuracy. Let's try, Booster. Right. Good. From aalar hell. Good. We want to go full start. The best in South Africa.99. Let's point out the application. We ruined this place. Juan Juan. We gave you real money because of the charity. He's horrible. Food and embarrassment. We told him to pack his bags. I told him to take his tank and get the hell out of Russia. I just hope I didn't mind it. A little boy van Bastard. We're sending it to his place at Cargo Box. God, God, which frankly is more talented than his son. I better see the needle. This is an outrage. It's not wonder you Americans are all in. Yeah. I'm going to throw it away. My God, my God in heaven. I'm going to throw it away. I must now vomit. I chase the fire in my throat. Excuse me. Thank you. Bye bye. Exactly. See there. There. 10 out to a 5. 6. You're going to be a big day today. Maybe the mad dog Jim made it to one. And of course nothing is perfect. We got perfect for Hank. Between from Schulers. No less. Oh brother. Man. And then he's got the net morrow with a between 5 and 6 with Joseph Gackie. Who are Koen Hotline from David Vustus 6 through to 830. The big 830 to 10 because we couldn't find anybody else. Any K10 o'clock with the full show and Joe Mark overnight to the 6 in the morning. By the way, our connection wasn't on this morning. I just mentioned that in passing. I wonder who's fault that was. Don't know. Who can we blame for that? Oh, here's Molly Evans again. Thank you so much. Well, we'll get to that eventually. Here's a Christopher Cron, who's mayor of Santa Cruz, California. Why I'm fighting federal drug laws from city hall. How did I am here of a small town of California wind up and to tug of war with the D.E.A. He asks this week I didn't from the Santa Cruz city hall as a local group that provides medical marijuana. When about it's weekly task of distributing the drug to the second dying. My story begins on the morning of September 5th when approximately 30 men. Gressed in military fatigues and carrying automatic weapons. The Senate on a small cooperative farm run by the Womens Alliance for Medical marijuana and Northern Santa Cruz County about 65 miles south of San Francisco. They were pulling up organically grown marijuana plants. When the Senate crews county sheriff's office learned what was going on, it was at a loss to explain who the intruder's were or what type of response was in order. I didn't hear about the raid until 10 a.m. when I was called in by members of the collective. I then telephone the Santa Cruz police chief and other local officials that chief had no idea anything either. Later it became clear that the D.E.A. was making a raid. Agents collected more than 130 plants and arrested the founders of the medical marijuana collective. Valerie and Mike Correll. The Correll, B. Woodred Guides and the wide whale corduroy trousers. Eyes on polo shirts and spary top set is surrounded by wild and crazy hippies protesting the war in smoking roaches. You. Are you part of us? Yes. The Bush is one of the, this is the printer so small on the story. The Bush is what bring back the imperial imperious presidency. The preemption proclamation of the tone of Cheney Seezer and Condy Ben Hurr. And the resolution sent to Congress seeking authority to go after a back was the broadest request for executive military authority. Since L.B.J. got the Gulf of Taken resolution member stamped in 1964. At least L.B.J. had a phony up the Taken resolution to get a provocation. Mr. Bush can't be bothered. I cannot believe the girl in arrogance of the White House Senator Robert Birdbellowed, which I have a story on it coming up. Things are getting dangerous or endangered, Carl Rose gunning for the Democrats. Every Alcherone's gunning for air effect. W.A. is gunning for sedam. And Alcatist still gunning for us. Right. Morey and doubt. Well, she used the whole bunch of ones in there. And she know. I can't get the dictionary up either. Woo! So anyway, Newsweek magazine this week. I highly recommend these September 23rd edition. It's on your new stand now. How's Saddam happened? It's a front cover story. I just got a couple of quick pages here. Take a minute. The last time Donald Rumsfeld saw Saddam Hussein he gave him a cordial hand shake. That it was almost 20 years ago to December 20th, 1983. An official Iraqi television crew recorded a historic moment. The once in future defense secretary at the time of private citizen had been sent by President Reagan to Baghdad as a special envoy. Saddam Hussein armed with a pistol on his hips seemed vigorous and confident according to a now declassified state department cable obtained by Newsweek. Rumsfeld conveyed the president's greetings and expressed his pleasure at being in Baghdad wrote the note, take her. Then the two men got out of business talking about the need to improve relations between their two countries. Like most foreign policy in Saddam's Rumsfeld was aware that Saddam was a murderous thug who supported terrorists and was trying to build a nuclear weapon. His raided has already bombed Iraq's nuclear reactor at Ossirak. But at the time America's big worry was Iran not Iraq. The Reagan administration feared that the Iranian Revolutionary Zoo would overthrow the Shah and take an American hostage's and dip-locked American diplomats hostage for 444 days would overrun the Middle East and its vital oil fields. But Edward seems to keep coming up over and over again, you know what that was. On the theory that the enemy of my enemy is my friend, the Reaganites were seeking to support Iraq in a long and bloody war against Iran. The meeting between Rumsfeld and Saddam was consequential. For the next five years until Iran finally capitulated, the US backs of arms armies with military intelligence, economic aid and covert supplies and munitions. Rumsfeld is not the first American diplomat to wish for the defensive of a former ally. After all before the Cold War, the Soviet Union was America's partner against Hitler and WW2, in the real world as the same, those nations have no permanent friends just permanent interests. Nonetheless, Rumsfeld's long ago interlude with Saddam as a reminder that today's friend can be tomorrow's moral threat. As President George W. is work evident upon the Saddam's successors regime, they would do well to contemplate how and why the last three presidents allowed the butcher abang that to stay in power so long. The history of America's relations with Saddam is one of the Saudi or Tales American foreign policy. Time and again, American turned to blind eye to Saddam's predations, saw him as the lesser evil or flinched at the chance to once see them. No single policymaker administration deserves blame for creating or at least tolerating a monster. Many of the citizens seem reasonable at the time. Even so, there are moments of this clumsy dance with a devil that make one cringe. It's hard to believe that during most of the 80s, America knowingly permitted the arachatomic energy commission to import bacterial cultures that might be used to build biological weapons, but it happened. America's past stumbles while embarrassing are not an argument for in, in, in, in action in the future. Saddam probably is the grave and gathering danger described by President Bush and his speech to the one last week. It may also be true that whoever replaces Saddam is not going to be worse as they have to do. But the story of how America helped create a Frankenstein monster and awishes to strangle is sobering. It illustrates the powerful thinking as well as the iron law of unintended consequences. America didn't put Saddam in power. He emerged after two decades of turmoil in the 60s and 70s, as various drama and tried to gain control of a nation that had been concocted by British imperialists in the 20s that are three distinct and rival factions, these Sunis, the Shiites and the Kurds. But during the Cold War, America competed with the Soviets for Saddam's attention, and welcomed his war with a religious fanatics of Iran. Having cozeed up to Saddam, Washington found it hard to break away even after going to war with him in 1991. Through years of a tacit and overall support and covert support, the West helped create these Saddam of today giving him time to build deadly arsenals and dominate his people. Successive administrations always worried that if Saddam fell, chaos would follow, rippling through the region possibly igniting another Middle East war, at times it seemed that Washington was transfixed by Saddam. Can we put like a pause there? Okay, because there's another page here I want to read. This is the front cover story in Newsweek, how we created Saddam and Gamora. 1026, and we're looking at pull to 29 votes, to Neil Star taking calls on his show again, yes, but only a few 70. Yes, please 65, maybe one day a week 33, makes no difference to me, 32 that's at 14% they love us. If he does, I'll blow my brains out 16. And absolutely not please 13. Hey, with your busy lifestyle, you know, the energy can't feel healthy and there's a product that they'll give you energy, make you feel better. And that's all you're made. All you might contain is far more super great olive oil along with all kinds of other good stuff. And each cancels, their vitamins in there, their minerals in there, their urbles in there, which promote health for your heart. There's a separate product for your blood pressure. One designed to lower your cholesterol and one for your prostate, all in little soft health capsule, it is pop right in your post. All you may also got supplements to promote health in your circulatory system, your digestive and your skin, your bones, even your mind, all using the benefits of the finest olive oil that money can buy. And like I always tell you, olive made makes products for men and some specifically as a free lady's too. All you might say outstanding products helps thousands of women all over South Florida help them stay in good health. And you can pick it up today all over town. You pick it up at Whole Food markets, Walgreens, Savano's and several pharmacies to get more information about Olioment color, tool free number, 1 866 Olioment. That's 1 866 Olioment, which you can also wear on their website. If you like it, all the Omen America dot com. I am local, we are sports radio 566 Olioment. Fake nail, it's taking a boat. This is just beginning to get. I mean, I want to tell you something. I envy you a lot. Speaking of envy, you are in remarkable shape. Oh yeah. What do you do? Do you ever regiment? Do I do have workout every chance? I get, you know, but I do manage to get over there to the gym three times a week at least. Well, you're so, how long? Wait a minute. I got your attention. I said, I was a bit of a pot. Huge. I love them. I love them. You know, I've always got into that. So I can understand that when things are popping, you grab them. Right. As just so many, let's talk for a bit of about 69. Go forward. What not? What position? To be here. That's what I've got to do. I've got to do everything. Until you want it. Exactly. You know, it's how we just is into what it was thing now. You've all talked about as penises. It's going to be like this morning. We're talking about his big feet and his big, his zucchini, whatever it is. What does it want? Readjust as into penises now boys and girls. I think it's a Kelly Ripper finally turned him around so to speak. Good. Anyway, getting back to this in Newsweek article. It says the Bush administration wants to finally break this spell. If the administration's true believers are right back, that after Sodom falls, will it something like Paris after the German's fled in August of 44. American troops will be cheered as liberators and democracy will spread forth and push Middle East and despotism back into the shadows. The end of the gloomy predictions of the administration's many critics come through. The era of street in plain by Yankee imperialism will rise up and replace the shaky but friendly autocrats in the region with Islamic fanatics. While the Middle East is unlikely to become a democratic Nirvana, the worst case scenario is always a staple of the press are probably also wrong or resanguated. Assuming that a cornered and doomed Sodom does not kill thousands of Americans in some kind of horrific act, a scary possibility when the deeply worrisate administration officials, the greatest risk of his falls that one strong man may simply be replaced by another. Sodom's successor may not be a paranoid sadist, but there is no assurance that he'll be America's friend or forceware the development of weapons of mass destruction. American officials and know that Sodom was a psychopath ever since he became the country's defector in the early 70s. One of Sodom's early acts after he took title of President in 79 was the videotape of Session of his parties Congress during which he personally ordered several members executed on the spot. The message carefully conveyed to the or press was not that these men were executed for plotting against Sodom, but rather for thinking about plotting against him. From the beginning, US officials worried about Sodom's taste for nasty weaponry. Indeed, at their meeting in 1983, rum spelled war that Sodom's use of chemical weapons might inhibit American assistance and might inhibit it. But top officials in the Reagan administration saw Sodom as a useful surrogate. By going to war with Iran, he could bleed the radical mullas who had seized control of Iran from the pro-American Shah. Some Reagan officials even saw Sodom as another and more sadot capable of making a racket away modern secular state just as sadot had tried to do in Egypt before his assassination 81. But Sodom had to be rescued first. The war against Iran was going badly by 1982. Iran's human wave attacks threatened to overrun Sodom's armies, Washington decided to give a racket helping hand. After rum spells visited to bag dead in 1983, US intelligence began supplying the Iraqi dictator with satellite photos showing Iranian deployments. Official documents suggest that American may have also secretly arranged for tanks and other military hardware to be shipped to a rack in a swap deal, American tanks to Egypt Egyptian tanks to Iraq. Over the protest of some Pentagon skeptics, the Reagan administration began allowing the Iraqis to buy a wide variety of dual use equipment and materials from American suppliers. According to confidential commerce department export controlled documents obtained by newsweek, the shopping list included a computerized database for sedums in theory ministry, presumably to help keep track of political opponents. Helicopters to transport Iraqi officials, television cameras for video surveillance applications, chemical analysis equipment for the Iraq atomic energy commission, and most unsettling numerous shipments of bacteria, fungi, protozoa, to the AIEC. According to former officials, the bacteria cultures could be used to make biological weapons including, including are you ready for it? Ready? I wasn't, though, including. And trust. The State Department also proved the ship in a 1.5 million atterapene injections for use against the effects of chemical weapons, but the Pentagon blocked the sale. The helicopters, some American officials later surmise, were used to spray poison gas on the Kurds. How do you like that? So we sold them the helicopters that they used to spray poison gas on the Kurds and now that we ring our hands above. You also almost certainly know from it on its own satellite imagery that Sodom was using chemical weapons against Iranian troops when Santa Bobcourged recorders rebels and civilians with the lethal cocktail of mustard gas, Seren, Tabad and Vx and 1988, the Reagan administration first blamed Iran before acknowledging under pressure from congressional Democrats that the culprits were Sodom's own forces. There was only token official protest at the time. Sodom's men were unfazed and Iraqi audio tape later captured by the Kurds record Sodom's cousin, known as Ali Chemical, talking to his fellow officers about gasing the Kurds. Who's going to say anything he asked the international community? After them he says, you're not to say, yeah, F.M. is symbolist Jr. The US was much more concerned with protecting Iraqi from attacks by Iran as it was shipped through the Persian Gulf. In 1987, an Iraqi exoset missile head in the American destroyer, the US start in the Persian Gulf, killing 37 crewmen incredibly. The United States have excused Iraq for making an unintentional mistake and instead use the insin to accuse Iran of escalating the war in the Gulf. The American tilt to Iraq became war pronounced. US commanders began blowing up Iranian oil platforms and attending Iranian attacking Iranian patrol boats. In 1988, an American warship in the Gulf accidentally shot down an Iranian airbus, killing 290 civilians. Within a few weeks, Iran exhausted and fearing American intervention gave up its war with Iraq. Sodom was feeling cocky. With a support of the West, he had defeated the Islamic revolutionaries in Iran. America favored him as a regional pillar. European and American corporations were vying for contracts with Iraq. He was visited by congressional delegations led by senators Bob Dull of Kansas, an Allen Simpson of Wyoming, a re-eater from the American farm and business interests. But Sodom's Miguel Omenia was on the rise in the overplayed his hand. In 1990, US customs thing operations near several Iraqi agents were trying to buy electronic equipment used to make triggers for nuclear bombs. Not long after Sodom gained the world's attention by threatening to burn his reel to the ground. That the Pentagon, analyst began to win at Sodom was a growing menace, especially after he tried to buy some American-made high-tech furnaces, youth for making nuclear bomb parts. The other officials in Congress and the Bush administration continued to see him as useful if this tasteful regional strongman. The state department was equivocating with Sodom right up to the moment he invaded Kuwait in August of 1990. I don't like them, Apple. I don't like them. Read it all in Newsweek this week. Oh, there's Alp Presidentate. No, I had a case. Wow. I lunches coming up and I haven't even eaten any yet. 2506 folks at our poll, heavy duty response. Very emotional. Should Neil be taking calls on to show again how they're going to fix our phones finally? Yes, but only a few 84. Yes, please 72, 27 and a half percent. Makes no difference to me, 36. You know, how that stays read about 14%. Yep. Maybe one day a week 36. If he does upload my brains out. 18. And that's only not 14. Compiling now what is this from? This is from where now I get this article. Well, where are the Sunday observer? Another bread paper? Compiling details of how Sodom who's saying is created a massive secret weapons procurement network to rebuild his nuclear and ballistic missile programs will form the heart of Tony Blair's long-awaited dossier in the threat posed by Iraq. The dossier, if we release tomorrow, is expected to show how Sodom is accelerated his efforts to acquire band technologies, particularly nuclear and ballistic missiles, since he went inspectors left or back in 1998. It will claim that Iraqi dictator is more dangerous than he was in 1998 when the last two inspectors were forced to leave Iraq. It is also expected to show how he's massed his activities behind a series of front companies smuggling their works and middlemen in neighboring states all paid for by illegal oil transactions. Although the dossier is not believed to contain a smoking gun, evidence that Sodom's already acquired the material to make a nuclear device, it will reveal as continuing vigorous efforts to do so. It is a sober assessments at one number ten official. See, they put Sodom in town down the street. Do you think Americans know what that means? Number ten, though. How about number six? Who's number one? On its own, it should not be well-fied out of one o'clock. On its own, it should not be seen as justification for military action, but it makes the case about his efforts to obtain weapons and mass destruction. But Senator Bobby Bird, a voice Virginia, across the old Bobby Bird, has president pushes plans to evade Iraq or a conscious effort to distract public attention from growing problems at home. This administration, all of a sudden, wants to go to war with Iraq, but it said the political polls are dropping that it must be situation as problems. So all of a sudden, we have this war talk war for ver, the vehicles of war, drums of war, clouds of war, and a market stay another precipitous war crack this up, by the way. Yeah. Don't tell me that things suddenly went wrong. Back in August, the president had no plans. Then all of a sudden this country is going to war, Bird told us set it on Friday. Our politician is talking about the domestic situation, the stock market, weaknesses in the economy, jobs that are being lost, housing problems? No, he says. No. Bird wore to another Gulf of Talking Resolution, passed on August 7, 1964. That resolution handed President Johnson broad powers to escalate the war in Vietnam, a conflict that cost 58,000, toward it in two American lives, and millions of Asian lives. Congress will be putting itself on the sidelines, Bird told us, nothing would please this President more than having such a blank check handed to him. Bird said his belief in the constitutional preventive from voting for Bush's war resolution, but I'm finding that the Constitution is irrelevant to people of this administration. He said, Senators Bill Nelson, Democrat of Florida, Swerve Clinton, the New York Pope, praised Bird after he spoke. It is the height of patriotism as such, our questions Clinton said, no one exemplifies that more than the senior senator from West Virginia. Bird said before the nation's committed to war, before we send our sons and daughters to battle in far away lands, that her critical questions that need to be asked to date the answers from the administration have been less than satisfying to keep you saying it. Senator Bobby Bird said, no, I don't think so. I'm not. I'm low. This is the fourth radio by 62. I'm the only two. I'm. I think motherfucker provoked one of my socks at night, so they smell like a sister's clots in the morning. Coming up tonight, on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music bag, if you profile story, we take a good. Hard. stiff looking to start. Good. That's it. Here in America, they had nothing more than a minor impact with his son's cool summer endings. But in Britain, they had 23 top 40 singles and were named the most successful all-girl group in history, which leads to a very important question. What the hell is up with Britain? Look, look, I'd really rather not talk about it. After a summer border broke a two decade silence about the dirty facts England is hoping to keep buried. British ambassador to the UN, Nigel Klenchworthy, made this statement. These are the Paranama, Rama. Where is Shane? Where in Paris, get your notes to sleep as in peace? Inside the behind took to the streets of England to find out how the smarty pants are always so much better in your country, could be so filled with cleanest losers who have no taste in music. Excuse me, excuse me. Can you talk to us about how you keep a thought so highly of banana ramma? Yeah, I'm so excited, it's nice. No, Johnny. I'm what you're saying. Excuse me. Tell everyone we're not going this way. I'm quite fond of the bangles, really. But when our camera could win to a London pub, things got ugly. Excuse me, gentlemen. Care to apologize for banana ramma? Sure, mate. Soon as you apologize for Christopher Cross. Oh, you mean, say, thanks for your life. Okay, then, now bang on, guys. Hang on, no, no, no. Don't, stop. Well, you have to admit, Christopher Cross has left us with a lot to answer for. Oh, God. It's a big juicy, sobbing let look at show business tonight on Inside the behind. Uh, exactly. You know, that one guy on there toward the anti-counter-sat, like, you know, the long time in a month? Yes. Kind of like him. That was the best one ever, by the way. That was one of the long time best. Hey, sound that you, hey. Yeah, kind of sound like I might actually have to play that, you know, haven't played that in a very, very long time. 1047 at 5.60W to come in a 1. The FEC, the Federal Election Commission to disclose Friday, it's imposed a record setting $719,000 in fines against participants. In the 1996 Democratic Party fundraising scandals involved in contributions from China, Korea and other foreign sources. The FEC documents described Democratic fundraisers who set specific prices for foreign nationals to make illegal campaign contributions and return for meetings with then President Clinton and Vice President Gore. A Democratic finance vice chair, for example, set organizers would have to contribute $100,000 and return for Gores appearance at a Buddhist Temple in L.A. Those penalized include the Democratic National Committee, the Clinton Gore campaign, the Buddhist Temple in early 2000 people in corporations acting as condoats for illegal contributions, all of agreed to pay according to the documents. Acting as condoms. How's he doing, by the way? Let's see him no more. Did we ever hear any more about that? Nope. Isn't that amazing how stories you know they, they, They're shelf life just, yeah, I've got to do with the war with Iraq. And that's sure I forgot about that or that bitch that Irish travel and bitch that do good or the total in fines would have been significantly higher except that some of the corporations have folded and others were dummy corporations would know assets to set up as condoats for money from China, Venezuela, Canada and other countries. Canada, foreign individuals and organizations are barred from contributing to federal elections. In some cases, foreigners would have been subject to fines, couldn't be located in the river of papers. In other cases, the individuals, pretty early in criminal cases in our bankrupt. The DNC was fine, 115 grand. The Clinton Gore campaign, $2,000 in a Buddhist progress society, 120 grand. In the conciliation signed by DNC Lawyer Joseph Sandler, the party agreed to pay the fine and to discourage another $120,000 to the US Treasury representative, representing illegal contributions that were not returned to donor. Just gore, just not a great word. Yeah, you're going to turn it loose. Like that, I'm discouraging it right now. I discourage that kind of talk on issue at any time. So the beast is off the morning show, huh? You know, when he gets back from vacation list, we're going to mark it on your calendar. Along with next Monday's opening of the brand new pizza locked in plantation. We ought to invite the beast as a special guest on our show, you know it. Just for a couple of minutes, maybe for two, three hours. To tell us the real story of how it evolved into his like moving out of it, he sure was not that show very long was he? Huh? Huh? He sure was not that show very long was he? Not long at all. On the Mohawar David show, I wonder what the reason is for that. Yeah, that could have been part of it. Anyway, all that this should tell you about our good friends, the brits that I'm always telling you about you silly, have you seen this about the Fox hunting that thing? No, not lately. I mean, I know about it over the year. Oh, many people in the nation. Around wait to hear this about 400,000 campaigners have taken part. And a countryside rights march in London in one of Britain's biggest rallies ever. Farmers, hunters, landowners, and rural residents and workers flock from every corner of England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland to bring London to a standstill and demand to assist their Tony Blair as labor government must do more to protect their traditional way of life. Police confirmed figures via the countryside alliance showing 400,000 past the finishing point of yesterday's March by late afternoon, seven hours after the start with many more waiting behind. We're talking maybe a half a million. The alliance said the liberty and livelihood march was part of the fight to protect the lifestyle put at risk by the government and initiatives introduced by people who don't live in or stand the countryside. Their protesting against moves to ban Fox hunting and demand state help and countryside problems such as unemployment and poverty. Organizers, excellently, compared the demonstration with two British histories, most famous mass protest, the toll-puddle martyrs march in support of six farm labor, sent to us right in 1834. And the 1381 peasants revolt uprising. Today we are making history. They must listen, said the march has made organizer, James Stanford. March directed James Stanford told the press association the march was without doubt the largest civil rights demonstration held in London in the last 150 years. A the emotive issue of Fox hunting, a favorite sport of British rural aristocracy for centuries, but condemned as barbaric by campaigners for animal rights was the main focus of the march. You know the kind of people are for animal rights? Yeah. Oh, what was that? Where is it? See, you can do it too. Why is that doing that? I don't know. You know the kind of people who are for animal rights? Peter. It was a duck on pet names for this. I'm so glad that happened to you too. I'm not giving what it happens to. What's the wildest thing? Acts up, you know. But protest is also marching to bring attention to many other issues ranging from elective affordable housing and decent transport services to unemployment and the suffering of farmers in the last years devastating foot mouth outbreak which prompted the slaughter of millions of sheep and cattle and prompted a lot of people to be eating spotted dick three times a day. And towed in the hole. There's nothing worse than a towed in your vacuum. Just ask, where should you gear? He'll tell you. 295 votes already on at poll. A heavy duty response man. They're really whipped up to a frenzy about whether we take calls on the show again. The only, the only point being that they're whipped up in different directions. You know what? I say. I mean, we got 29% who obviously are gung-ho for oh yes, please let's get some calls on again. But that leaves 71% who are like smatter in different directions who are less than gung-ho. Yeah, it takes some calls but only a few. That's in first place, 91. Ever got the 14% it makes no difference to me that loyal crowd out there. We love you. Whatever we do. Okay. You know something if you're like a sore throat or a bad cool. You can still sit here and go. I'm just, that's just on. You could loop that. And you can also, there are other things you can loop like. That would be a complete effort for hours and people crapping in their pants all over time all over the station. Rumor has it by the way that that bit is number one with 16 bullets. Thank you, one where I'm here and, and that the beast got muscle out. Let's see, maybe one day we 40. So these other, I mean, yes only a few and maybe one day a week. That's not exactly like an overwhelming enthusiastic support for calls. You see what I'm saying? I said, if he does, I'll blow my brains out 19, 6% and of course the last one there. What, where is it? Absolutely not please 18. So you got like 12 and a half percent who are adamant. They don't want any calls under any circumstances. You got our four almost 14% of say no matter what you do, the move like that. We listen. We don't care. We're easy. And then you got that nearly 30% of say we want the guy to end cause course. We know who those 30% are. You follow what I'm saying. Hi, yeah. We don't know exactly who they are. Here's this article, a column by Bob Herbert and today's New York Times. This is, uh, wait, didn't hear this. Hi, altitude Rambo's. Dr. Bob Rage Kumar, a US citizen and former military physician from Lakeworth, Florida. Found himself handcuffed and taken into custody last month and one of the many episodes of his story to be wrapped on board airliners in the US since the 9.11 attacks. Dr. Raj Kumar was seated in first lives on a Delta flight from Atlanta to Philadelphia on August 31. When a pastor in the coach section began behaving erratically, the passenger Steven Fierre, had nothing to do with Dr. Raj Kumar. Two US federal air marshals got up from their seats in first class and moved back to coach to confront Mr. Fierre, who is described by witnesses as a slight man who seemed disoriented. What ensued was terrifying when Mr. Fierre refused to remain in a seat. The marshals reacted as if they were trying out for the lead rules and Hollywood's latest action extravaganza. They handcuffed Mr. Fierre, hustled him into first class and restrained him in a seat next to Dr. Raj Kumar. They 180 or so past years were not quite jittery. Dr. Raj Kumar asked to have his seat change and a flight attendant obliged finding him another seat in first class. The incident already scary could ensued of ended there, but the marshals were already left things quiet down. One of the marshals pulled a gun and brandished it at the passengers. The marshals loudly demanded that all passengers remain in their seats and remains still. They barked a series of orders. No one should stand for any reason. Arms and legs should not extend into the aisles. No one should try to visit the restroom. The message couldn't have been clear. Anyone who disobeyed the marshals was in danger being shot. The passengers were petrified with most believing that there were terrorists on a plane. I was afraid it was going to be a gun battle and that pressurized cabin said senior judge James A. Lindberg or Philadelphia courter common police. The veteran of 20 years in a military who was sitting in an aisle seat in coach. I was afraid it was going to die from the gunfire and a shootout. Dr. Ratchkumar's wife Dorothy was seated quite a distance from her husband said it was really like Rambo in the year. She worried that there might be people on a plane that didn't speak English and therefore didn't understand the marshals orders. If somebody got up to go to the bathroom here, she might be shot. There were no terrorist on board. There was no threat of any kind. When the plane landed about a half hour later, Mr. Fear was taken to custody and then shockingly, so was Dr. Ratchkumar. The armarsals grabbed the doctor from behind. Handcuffed him and for no good reason anyone's been able to give. All of them to an airport police station were withdrawing into a filthy cell. This was airline security gun berserk. No one ever suggested that Dr. Ratchkumar is straight away. We're tearing Army major done anything wrong. Dr. Ratchkumar was of Indian descent. He believed he was taken in custody solely because of his brown skin. He was held for three frightening hours and then released without being charged. Mr. Fear was also released. Officials tried to conceal names of the marshals but they eventually were identified by a Philadelphia and choir reporter. As Sean Beam, a colors and Samuel Muma of the Transportation Security Administration, which is part of the West Transportation Department. The TSA has declined to discuss the incident in detail. A spokesman offered the absurd explanation that Dr. Ratchkumar was detained because he had watched the unfolding incident too closely. Huh? If that becomes a quite curing for West in the US, a lot of us reporters are headed for jail rights Bob Herbert. Dr. Ratchkumar told me yesterday he ran straight in by the episode. I'd never been treated like that in my life. He said I was afraid I was about to beat up or killed. Lores for the US, you have taken up his case. He's filed notice that he may sue the federal government for unlawful detention. We have to take a look at what we're doing. The name of security said Dr. Ratchkumar. So many men and women of fought and die for freedom in this great country. Now we're in danger of ruining that in the name of security. Unbelievably scary, scary story. I'll tell you very scary guy. Not just Luca Brassi. That's Tom Layman. You ever see Tom? No. He's a very scary guy. He's a good guy. He's okay. Anyway, Tom Layman and Hal had potty at GMC. They're got your great deals waiting again. Like they always do. Zero percent financing continues right now as I speak. That's correct with a proof credit from GMAC. You can get zero percent financing up to 36 months on all brand new. 2000 potty x and GMC models. They're in right now. They're in stock or take a rebate of up to 4 grand all 2002 potty x or GMC models. And stock and I would be too surprised if Bob Boe, I should bring ever gets this a new copy. We'll be hearing about those new tow 2003s. Maybe or maybe not. Check out the complete line of GMC SUV's. Why do they include in the on-boy? And of course the all new Pontiac Vibus UV. That's got the power of a big fancy schmancy expensive sports car. Not quite like a Corvette, but it's getting there. Hal has also got the great selection of the dependable pre-owned cars. Trust in SUV's. You always come to know that they got and of course as far as credit is concerned. It's not a big hassle when you do car shopping at Hal at Pontiac because even if you were a deadbeat even if you don't Greg Reed. If you need once a bit of down with screw in, no problem in Hal at Pontiac, they'll cut you deal. So for a sensational on beatable deal on Pontiac and GMC's. This is the place where people have given treated great for over 35 years. Hal at Pontiac GMC, you'll find him at 1341. South, Dixie Highway. That's you. What's one right across from the falls open every day of your life. Seven days away from more info call and be sure to tell Tom Lim and I said he was a scary guy. Two 3 8 40 40. That's 305. Two 3 8 40 40 for Hal at Pontiac GMC who do be professional Greg. My. This is Fortito. 4 2315 With that okay And they say George E.W.s invasions Don't walk the U.S. to waste We've once fought free, but fight in the marrow And watch out to wrap the sin of race 114-560 WQM happy Monday to ambush gets a apology for Hitler remark German Shaston Bush gets a apology for Hitler remark Contrary to remember that story we had in front of all that's right But that bitch German Shaston showed her a apologizing letter to President Bush Friday For the offense caused by reports that his Justice Minister compared Bush's methods to Hitler's Justice Minister heard a dowleric millen Early in the night of reporting original newspaper that she told a pre-election gathering That by threatening to attack Iraq Bush wanted to distract her District from his domestic political problems as Hitler had Shrouder told Bush, I want to let you know how much Every grath effect that alleged comments by the German Justice Minister have given an impression that is offended you Although I think she may have had a point, I didn't say it He said he'd accepted double-agman lens denial Added a cornerway German text provided by his office Let me assure you that there is no place in my cabinet table for anyone who makes a connection between the American president and such a criminal Germany's role in a war in Iraq and its standing as one of America's key European allies had become a point of contention between Shrouder and his Conservative challenger Edmund Storber in their neck and neck Election race, but it's bad news for Bush because Shrouder won and very tight in the closest election in German history He wanted over the weekend Bad news for the Bush Miser Spook and Bishop next in line to head bishop's conference at Center of Abuse Crisis You know something I'm getting chills just now I'm not talking about the chills from Moe whatever I had yesterday I'm getting chills thinking about that trend coming out of one o'clock This is like a turning point I mean granted it's only two thirds of the summer book But it's June July And August and of course we can't break it down to get the hour by hours Which is even more important now than ever before now that we got like all these times since the beginning and the year The Swiss around mixed in on each other I mean used to be I mean the 10 to three number that was pretty much our number you know when you do intend to do but now We're like slot the over and little bit of morning drive which we're not too crazy about being lumped in with that But nevertheless and then we got the mad dog in his two hours So it's kind but nevertheless you still get kind of an idea Now what are we laughing off here which month are we laughing off me? Yep Yeah, yeah, may as well because it was major in July We're laughing off me now. How was me may was may was not that great not that great now Maybe how do you know that because we had a big month before that April April was huge May was in and then June came back quite a bit May was yeah because I was out vacation in May. I just mentioned that in passing is that a knock at George. No, it's not That's not a knock at George. I've been plenty of months when we were having a way and you were on and we still didn't do good But Hey listen, I mean if you could keep the entire audience what the would they pay me this kind of money for right when they're paying you five bucks an hour And you can't collect anyway. Did you ever get your thing by the way you're slipped? No, well, you probably would wear it if you had it. But wear it on my head. Yeah, you never got your thing No, I haven't got slipped yet. Well why not? I thought I thought you people underrect the positive guy your little thing like five days before payday I sure hope that now that we see I'm getting a little bit nervous about this Now that we have two program directors and operations manager a consultant and whoever we got about 75 people doing the job that muff used to do well by herself I'm getting a little bit worried about that I mean I got no complaints because my paychecks have been showing up most of the summer a day early. Let's hear it Love that clearance always like parents a lot nothing he's you know he's keeping him on top of it. He's after them. He's got the old whip out Spoke hand bishop next in line the head bishops conference at the center of abuse crisis George wants his slip. Okay. He wants it Oh, he's got his bonus money on there or not. That's going to be over that as we speak now is overdue again This is the bonus from what last year's fall book right this is the bonus from the 91 book Seriously, I mean this is just it's the beastly effin way man and like like five remote said there are a bunch of mudwumps that crawled out of the slime somewhere You said that he said you can check their family tree and you find most of them sitting in it. That's what he said He said don't repeat this and of course I wouldn't But those freaking beesleys are a bunch of yahu's what he said something like that much in those pictures Bishop William scouts dead of smoke came as among your group of Roman Catholic leaders who traveled a Roman April to brief the Pope I'm the child sex abuse camera rocking the oysters. Oh, by the way, speaking of the Pope guess who was the Who was on biography channel yesterday the Pope? No, but a guy who played Pope. No somebody who played one of the Pope's in a movie Raymond Verr. Oh, yeah Yeah, and I got a you know of course now that he's dead see everybody is gay when they're dead. Nobody's ever gay when they were live Right, I don't like it but they're not very festive right But when you're dead, then you then you can be gay and happy and gay and gay and gay But anyway the Raymond Verr thing they had because I had seen that like months ago when I told you about that and you were like a little bit skeptical They actually showed his a companion on there as companion 35 years. Yeah, how do you look? Like an old guy No, actually they showed pictures from long before and actually he looked pretty good to be honest with it. Raymond Verr was an all depends But nevertheless we love Raymond Verr. Don't we then we love Perry Mason and iron side? Oh, that's right. You don't like cop shows. Sorry. Yeah, the Perry Mason was alright really. Oh the lawyer show I see Five months later scouts did leadership it is in question after revelations that a former priest in the Spokane Dicis with Ty's two scouts said had a long history of abusing boys This is the guy they sent to Roman April for this big confat and comes to fight out that people under him so to speak or like got their finger in it And attorney for the voices scouts that in this predecessor Bishop's field of protect children from the Reverend Patrick G. O'Donnell in the 70s and 80s Scouts that was a priest in Spokane during some of that time but was elevated to Bishop until 1990 after a Donald left no relation to bill O'Donnell a magic man However, O'Donnell had worked with Scouts that is the associate pastor of the Sumpian Periscence Spokane and the two priestage here at living quarters in 1974 to 76 Much sceptic he knew children were being abused and he said nothing said attorney Tim Cosnob who's preparing to file a lawsuit against the O'Donnell and the Spokane Dicis a person who's exhibited such poor judgment the past can't be trusted leave the church in any capacity out of this morass It's in and if there's one thing they want it's more ass make no mistake about that young boy ass is what they want nine 10 11 years old that's what they want lots and lots of that young Ass oh, I guess who died I give up now you're gonna see don't make nasty comments about this because this was a good guy Even though we don't necessarily like his product them much anymore. It's just that it's guy. Yeah, did you know that already somebody said it over to facts? I didn't think you'd care Hey, listen, we care when people die. Okay, especially somebody of some note There are a lot of people in the audience who like Duncan donuts not everybody's not good king guy. Then I would have facts to write over Not everybody's got good taste I mean we did like Duncan donuts when those guys used to come all the way down from book and bring us those Friday morning breakfast until default Pist him off and you know something as much as we like default and we love to have him back and Joe and all these are the fact that the matter is just just for that We forget about the Mica sookies and all that money on the table the fact that the matter is once he pissed off the people at Duncan donuts in poker That was the end of him. That was the beginning of the end right more don't you agree sure? It was the gift for no other reason the fact that he took away our great for that small stack Whatever it'll use to call it right right that was good stuff. Okay. We'll get to this in a second I haven't even got to any of our tabloids stuff yet. We got some heavy duty crap about Brittany that you're not going to be too happy about you You can't have a doctor feel that you'll be ecstatic about not one but two big stories about Dr. Phil and he's going to be thrilled about Don't forget it's Monday night football tonight with Joe and market gaspies and bokeh stop by from nine or eleven tonight to win prizes are usual crappy very low budget QA and prizes because we have no promotional budget and enjoy specials on crown royal betcha Miguel will be there Yes, because as we have specials on crown royal Rams in the box said the gaspies and bokeh tonight rams were all in two oh my god. How can that be huh? How about those patriots Man, I'll tell you I was sweating bullets in a game and I just knew they were gonna blow their lead there in the fourth quarter I knew it twice they had a two touchdown lead and they blew it and then they wouldn't over time I scroll mad about a Terry Oh, and a boy You ain't too bad either by the way, Adam. Take your clothes off, Adam 12 minutes. Oh, I don't tell you one thing. I'll see they were playing the Trent Trent Green. You know Trent Green. No quarterback for Kansas City Trent Green that kid for Houston was his name David with the funny nose and of course Tommy Brady We got three of the best looking quarterbacks ever to play the game since Vince Ferragam. I'll just y'all tell you there For what you fags and ladies out there there's a reason for the women to start watching football We got some real studs of quarterback Hey, by now speaking of studs and I make it as soon as I say stud I think a Todd direct Little stud, you know like a little tiny studs. Somebody you'd like to step on and squash like a freaking aunt By now there's no doubt that everybody in their brothers heard about the incredible earning potential of people in the computer business Computer professionals are making some serious bucks and if you'd like to do it to why not become a certified computer Professional by talking to our friends at fast train. They'll tell you how to do it So do yourself a humongous favor pick up the instrument or your phone right now and call fast train toll for you at one 866 fast train You can complete your program get certified in just four short months and be on your way to a new a higher paying career Fast trains got four convenient locations in Dave Broward We know that there's one in Pembroke pines There's that new one in Kendall and maybe Todd direct somebody will tell us what the other two are but for the moment It's a secret fast ray has got convenient day eating and we can classes to produce schedule They've got full time job placement to part mode over 30 years experience of getting people placed So if you want to start making some serious bucks guys if you've had to work in for nothing Take up that phone and call our good friends at fast train 866 fast train and just four short months You can be on your way to a great new computer a professional career one 866 fast trainer check them on the web at fast train dot com Yeah, he's my My He's back He's back Village by bro Evans a third is back with a third album this year I'm cats and flapjacks and it's expected look at the life of VVE3 what the hell the Interspend that a buff featuring the valid underneath my drawers underneath my drawer Dig my big open and also a true story called just like that The way he was making so a set sun used blue Recuration and don't forget the first release off the new album is so he's very near and dear to my heart It's cold help A cats and flapjacks wait a CD from Billy Bob roll 11 to third Go by your today or at least trying to borrow it from someone who they have it, but we seriously doubt that Why that M&M sure is how put him to shame. Hey the market's taking a really jug in it Are you where that? Yeah, see that That's on 173 the NASDAQ down 33 points for the good news is some micro systems is up six cents. Hey 294 That's up six cents $2.94 That's $294 $2.94 Oracle seven bucks I just mentioned this in passing so let's have a good war. What do you say? So everybody forgets about this stuff Dunkin don't that's founder dies there are a lot of people like Dunkin don't see better watch Would you say mr even though I agree with you crispy creams like light years ahead? They have great coffee Who does Dunkin don't it and they got great short stacks? Millions of people this morning offering a tribute of sorts of what you're most in bird with powdered sugar on their fingers in a caffeine buzz on a brain Mr Rosenberg a book a resident who founded Dunkin don't have to have century go died Friday at the age of 86 He's been nearly half his life overcoming various cancers before succumbing to bladder cancer in his native Massachusetts Mr Rosenberg first married coffee in pastry at a donut shop in 1948 and was too pasty would rate crock was the hamburgers and Colonel sent his was to fried chicken his big Mac was a simple but tasty donor with a handle making an easier to dunk Did you know they had a big Mac at Dunkin don't nuts I never heard of that I've seen those things before. I didn't know that they were called a donor with a handle. Yeah, it's just a not much of a handle He was a father of franchising who left behind an inspiring success story the world's largest coffee in baked goods chain and a sugary mark on the mornings of millions worldwide Here's an example I can follow and teach my kids of how he can be a success in life So it's Sultan Sedikki owner of a Dunkin don't us franchise on West Palm In his office at the Dunkin donuts at one thirty thirty five o'clock see how is it? He has a picture himself in his wife Zia with Mr Rosenberg along with a markup copy that owns Magnus biography time to make the donuts. It's quite a life story Sedikki said For the 1916 in Boston, Mr Rosenberg cut his entrepreneurial teeth as a teenager during the Great Depression Carding a block of ice to a race track on a hot summer day and selling ice chips at 10 cents a piece Legend has it that he bought home an astounding 171 bucks That's 1916. That's a lot of money. Yeah, the 1946 when they created education and five grand He began delivering meals and coffee truck breaks snacks to factory workers He pioneered the canteen truck a flip open stainless steel truck to deliver his food the roadch coach All right He soon discovered that 40% of his business came from coffee in donuts so 1948 He opened a pastry shy shop and Quincy man is called open kettle charging a nickel per pastry a dime per cup In 1950 change the name of the documents while most don't have shops old for varieties Mr Rosenberg offered 52 In 1955 he signed his first franchising win with a storoner and Worcester mass was his start as leader of the franchise movement He helped found the international franchise association in 59 It was held as a visionary by success magazine and the father franchising as we know today by nation's restaurant news He had a passion for quality that he instilled his organization in franchise He said jackshaper keep executive a dunk in donuts bass can robins and togos Mr Rosenberg son Robert became dunk in donuts CEO and 63 the same year the Changvue to 100 stores The first overseas shop over in Japan 1970 Mr today they have more than 5,000 stores and 38 countries and I serve more than 2 million customers daily Mr Rosenberg had a long history of overcoming illness 18 operations three hip replacements and least four types of cancer Wow Throughout his cancer vouts he donated millions of dollars to the Dana Farber cancer Institute in Boston He was the force and harness racing operating the number one stable in the wing with Will Rose Farman who Hampshire. How do you like that? I had no idea did you talk boy. I didn't know that Mr Rosenberg lived in Palm Beach County for about 25 years of family spokesman said he sold his open front Delray B to him within the past year And it moved to Boko Raton He was receiving cancer treatment a Dana Farber when he died on Cape Cod We're sure gonna miss duck and don't outside of other not going anywhere gonna miss him He was big and harness racing so it must like a malad. I do Bush announces support for independent inquiry to September 11 terrorist attacks reversing course president Bush said Friday he now supports establishing an independent commission to investigate the 911 terrorist attack Momentum for such a command did you see the thing where they had the FBI agent testifying behind the screen? Yes Momentum for such a commission is grown in recent months the house is already voted to approve a commission as part of its intelligence Authorization bill But the White House had opposed an independent commission setting concerns about possible leaks and tying up officials involved in the fight against terrorism In a letter to the Capitol Hill the president's congressional liaison said Bush wanted to focus immediately after 911 I'm preventing future attacks and reconstructing government agencies restructuring them rather than meet the new threats Would that effort now under way in congressional hearings in the attacks what along the administration thought it was time to get the Integration of a commission plus of course public opinion Now that the work of the intelligence committees is nearing it's in we must take the appropriate next steps to let her say The White House said that now before it had been considered an initial inquiry commission in the attacks would be duplicative and I've heard the attention Resources of both Congress and relevant executive agencies away from the important work of anti-terrorism and yada yada Yeah, they had the FBI agent testifying behind the screen so it was not to give away the identity In tears at one point they said right in tears And why did he cry why did he we Five Too had no look at that there's a watch a name again Yeah, we only we only saw they have built up there You think that CNN has shown that thing at that bitch that two good bitch that Irish traveler bitch beat me up with a little girl Like four million 250 thousand times in the last day God it's because they're concerned about the welfare the children because they got it that's why It's because they got it and it's violent and it's provocative and it's in poor taste and so they'll show it over They'll bleed it until a until there's not a drop left in their man Two admit rule a national brothel ring a Miami madam and a partner admitted Friday They're rolling the national syndicate that brokered high priced hookers between Miami New Yorkshire, Colorado and other major cities Judy Krueger 59 and Eli Tish 70 Pleaded guilty away racketeering charge in federal court in Miami and will face probable prison sentences of between on guess what else starts October 1 What the norm can show my new name eight tonight on FTL norm in the ill show Judy Krueger 59 Eli Tish 70 pleaded guilty to racketeering charge in federal court in Miami will face probable prison sentences of between one and two years Krueger and Tish ran a brothel out of the foreign ambassadors hotel and South Brickle Bay drive in Miami using local prostitutes Times but also Shirley women from as far away as same parenthesis go Federal prosecutor say their outfit was one of many within the circuit an organization that provided housing room Board clients drugs and referrals for prostitutes and their wealthy clients Krueger and Tish were the first to plead guilty out of 13 people invited in August a third defended gerand takele Tangled 32 of Atlanta who ran a New York City brothel for the circuit also pleaded guilty before yesterday judge Albedo Jordan immediately after Krueger and Tish ended their please Neither Krueger Tish nor their attorney Michael matters would come at after the hearing the air cooperating and their information could provide Could prove damaging to other defendants including Michael Your gyrango and owner of the Lorraine hotel in South Beach who was the only alleged customer charge in the main case According to the West Attorney's office, the circuit shared prostitutes among major cities in order to create larger talent pool Keep a lower profile and avoid detection by police and increase profit by charging higher prices Krueger admitted she sent prostitutes to hotels homes Condos and other places in South Florida. She shared call girls with circuit members in Los Angeles San Francisco and New York and information with others in Boston Vegas Pittsburgh Philadelphia New Orleans in New York Phoenix Atlanta and Washington, DC Tish took care of the business in collecting cash from hookers and paying the rent for these $1,600 a month apartment of the foreign bastard 16 out of bucks a month small potatoes man small pocket change when your feeling most kind of high prey price hookers You should know something about that. I do Slipper like you 26 at 560 WQAMD lights of West Boca your official icons dot retail center reminds you that all icons brands products are 25% off every day for those you try to lose weight the icons weight the light carries the full line of icons That products as well as over 500 delicious low carb and sugar free foods as reported recently and just about every part of the medium a newspaper's TV a radio Pop up to stress the icons died continues to be one of the most popular and successful diets low carb dieting It's finally getting around again. They respected deserved because it works for a lot of people and Delights of West Boca's been the leader in low carb sugar free dieting field for a years now for a cool's age Jobor 100,000 their customers will testify They're just as no better store. There is no competition It's not we're not just talking about one or two aisles where they have stuff for icons We're talking about an entire store devoted to you the lights will just absolutely not be underserved and you can sample anything from their tremendous selection you can try it before you buy it the lights friendly and eligible staff will walk you to the store Poaching the right direction show you where pity letting one's fell down on the floor and show you one of those pounds come flying off your body Don't forget there's only one delights of West Boca open every day of your life seven days a week till 10 pm And you'll find them on the northeast corner of glazed in 441 in Volca. You know who lives in Volca? No, who call huh? Let me give you a clue call one eight seven seven low carb This one eight seven what Boca Brian come up of a Boca Brian right or check them on the web at low carb.com I want to bang in the butt honey okay Be alright  bass Doesn't it look the  sweet? Whether i know is the kpop musichard and then the reaction to it Ah yes, okay, let him talk It got a spin and all I'm a 33 at 560 WC away and we got the 388 votes on a pool the votes are pouring in a very emotional pool It just goes to the heart and soul of the audience. You know don't you think so? Of course now Should Neil start taking calls on his show again because the engineer here in Toronto is giving out a full with the mini Bob I want to clock with somebody down there. I don't know one of our engineering flunkies and we're gonna like get the phone thing I'll set up again So we could start taking fact. Let's take one right now show me. Oh, that's right. We can't now can't take We could start taking Miss soon as tomorrow in fact when those numbers come in We're gonna have those trans firsting in a morning and it's gonna be man pressure heavy duty We could let people call in tomorrow and tell us why they didn't listen when George was on the summer or why they don't listen to the morning show or things like that Yes, but only a few 116. It's just under 30% take take a few here one here in there. You know like a couple of good ones All right Yes, please please take some calls again Neil take some calls like that the retard over at the track that night comes I have no idea who this guy Neil takes some calls Or speaking of the track poppin of park opens again very soon. I think live racing starts at 27 minutes Yes, it does yes, please take those calls 28% 100 9 it makes no difference to me 14.4% a loyal audience man. Oh, they don't care 56 people 14 and a half percent say we don't care what you do wheels will work glued here man. We're stuck Maybe one day a week 55 14% say yeah, maybe one day one day a week See that's not what I call an over enthusiastic You see like like on Wednesday we have our noon to one hour Wednesday where we play nothing but bits which I like that If he if he does I'll blow my brains out 27 and absolutely not please 25 So it's kind of a mixed bag Lawmakers are close to close to giving President Bush taking rational authorization He wants to take on Saddam Hussein saying they will limit the mandate to erect to satisfy Democrats unease about pushes Request to restore security to the whole region On yesterday's TV talk show Democrats also said Bush needs to more aggressively explain his plans in order when domestic and international support for any action Which I think that newsweek poll. I mentioned earlier in the show kind of like bears that out The administration is proposed to rest of us that would authorize the present to use all means that he determines to be appropriate including force in Or to defend the national security interested the west against the threat post by Iraq and restore international peace and security in the region You don't think the fact that they put the shot and Iran in the first place you don't think that like led to all of this and that you're just apparently oh In other words most of deck rhymes with direct It's much too broad. There's no limit at all on presidential power said Senator Carl 11 chairman of the Senator Armed Services Committee There need to be some changes. It's not even limited to Iraq 11 democratic Michigan said I'm Fox News Sunday Bush wants the U.N. Security Council reinforce bands on weapons of mass destruction against the run as rebuilding its nuclear weapons program That nuclear how is he say nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear Senator Joe Biden chairman of the Center for Relations Committee said keeping region in the resolution would said to broader precedent The administration is amenable to change and I predict or is that amenable? I say amenable you say amenable and I predict that won't be the language by democratic Delaware's tool CNN's late edition with wolf bloodscree a horrible show What has press secretary Ari Fleischer is that minister of information Said Monday that the language was boiler played borrowed from earlier U.N. Security resolutions and city couldn't imagine why that wouldn't be acceptable lawmakers But he added of course were amenable to working with Congress on a resolution Some Republican sympathize with the need to contain the language. These are very very important Devonitions because it'll guide the president and the nation probably into war Senator Chuck Eagle Republican Nebraska said ABC's this week and even worse show that wolf bloodscree They just you're just calling now the George Will show Here's George with a final comment and then George will be back with his editorial and George will be able to more right wing reactionary crap Even those comfortable with the proposed language say they would accommodate change to speed it through the White House wants the legislation The past before Congress recesses before those November fifth election not that this has anything to do with the elections you understand You don't understand that I am doing suspicious packages caused down to evacuate Barnesville, Georgia Authorities evacuated downtown Barnesville on Friday after eight or nine packages that appear to be pipe bombs Oh, we're found with it a few blocks of each other though the first five packages exam and contain our explosives The packages that contain what appear to be perhaps wrapped in duct tape with nails and wires protruding from both ends We're found in a four block area of downtown around 8 AM authority said we haven't found livers closest or what we believe to be livers closest and then if the devices said Rusty Andrews of the Georgia Bureau of Investigations bomb squad He wouldn't divulge how the devices were constructed but said all them were similar in appearance If they're hoax devices they certainly have been fixed up to resemble live ones You said no notes were fine police that they have no leads This is in downtown Barnesville did you know Barnesville had a downtown? No, I didn't know there was a town exactly Barnesville is 50 miles south of Atlanta 6000 people live there give or take and they got a downtown Which is more than Miami or four-larget-a-l-a-got When you say yeah, I Mean they have one but nobody goes there right it's certainly not a night especially in Miami and I go to downtown Miami tonight. Oh no way Creminals maybe That's kind of what separates Miami and four-larget-a-l from like being real cities I don't want to go into a big you know thing on that again. We got a real downtown here in Toronto a A real one and there's the eating center down there. I think I'm gonna go down there and give me a jacket. You know what today? Because I got a winter jacket here and I got like a real light jacket like a What would you call it real light like a windbreaker kind of thing not not even that like a featherweight okay? But I don't have like a red so I'm gonna go I could wear my maple leaves jacket, but I don't think so not this season I don't want to be seen in public wearing that you could get a leather jacket. No, I got a leather jacket That leather jacket is not a false jacket. The leather jacket is a winter jacket to put it where like where you're at during the fall I beg your pardon it depends on where you are during fall. I'm not gonna fall again How are you sure? I know where I was at during that other fall right there in the red light district. Oh That's here. So I got to go get me a jacket at the eating center day sounds good to me kind of like a medium like intermediate you know what I'm saying Because it because one thing about here even though we've had Indian summer I noticed that when when summer time ends up north and when Indian summer ends it ends like Real abruptly like like this coming weekend. It's supposed to be quarter than a witches behind Like I think one of the days under weekend the highs gonna be 10 wishes 50 that's gonna be the high baby 400 eight votes and that pull keep him coming folks keep him pouring in getting emotional about it Because this is a big big day in QAM history It may be a lot of people are perceptive enough to realize that but being an old fart who's been around a block a couple of times I understand that today is a momentous day Don't you think yeah, I don't either Twenty-two noon at five but it sounds good. Twenty-two noon a QAM new ballad. See you're just saying that to cover your ass Because if you have a real bad trend is a you know, it's only a trend We got another money go on we got another month to go. Yeah plus plus of course the other month will be like kneels back, you know When it gets to be July August in September. Well, we can extrapolate at that point New ballads is soft Florida covers all your athletic and footwear needs man I love my do balance shoes like I said I haven't fallen down once where I know those things They're so comfortable. You don't even know you have shoes on there. Mine made my glasses You know my little glasses not the there's feather white ones right once you can't even see the ones a lot of times I think I got a monon. I don't or the other way around because they're so light and same thing with my new balance shoes They're so comfortable and they're so like a great They you feel like you're walking on air so to speak and of course in my case, maybe I am if you need new athletic shoes for cross training Cross dressing running walking weightlifting or the weekend warrior activities or weekday warrior Whatever it do whatever new balance to soft Florida's got your cover new balance continues doing what they've been doing forever And they'll never stop doing it because when you go in and do it They want to take a look at it and measure it. They want to grab a hold of it measure how long it is now. Why it is and your foot two to make sure you get a perfect fit every time And they got from infants all the way up to size 20 even Tom while I could get a great pair of new balance shoes No sweat Tommy come on in come on down new balances got style sizes and what to choose You could only find before in catalogs or by mail order there you're one stop shop and for any reason Of the world if they don't have what you're looking for in your size They'll special ordered for you to extra charge you'll be worried about your ugly feet and no time at all speaking about we feed how's that kid from waming? Make a run to new balances South Florida there in the oven to your mall pine crest book a town center and coming in November To their brand new location in Palm Beach garden if your feet could thank you. They would for schlepping you over Slepping them over to new balance I should use preparation each preparation age Medicaid at once we easy way to cleanse school and soon black dome 145 15 to Luna 5 60 W. Kuhem. We got your manager one then Hank I guess the humporism going to be back from Orbor has a assignment was yesterday covering the NFL so we got at three do I dare say it Yeah From Shula's no less got there in C. Joe and see if he looks as boring as he sounds and you know what he does and that amazing That's one thing about Joe at least his consistency. Sounds like a man with no personality and he look He looked we are around the station. He's known affectionally as old penis face And wouldn't you say that that's an appropriate scene now? You're not gonna comment because you don't see anything It's always like you play that little uh that thing you know play what little thing Oh Whatever that is I can't buy my original comments. I have no idea how good Joe's a gacky sounds on the earth's all Chinese to me I see Think roasted That more would Joe from five to six today and of course 60 we got her a cool in hotline and David buss There's those hurricanes man who've also keep somebody's been telling me about the tough schedule of day play. Oh, yeah The rumor I'm here and up here is that next year to hurricanes are gonna schedule all high school themes So they can score at least 300 points again and then they can be damn sure be number one I mean I'm not taking anything away from how good they are, but you know if you're that good Why not make a schedule where you play some real teams into this big east crap at all these gruel schools and Florida AMM and only a pipe or high and Boston college and temple and you Shiva and what's that guy then gruel school? Huh hot. Well, what's that girl? There's an all-girl school. What that was it? Well, whatever it is They're gonna have it on the schedule next year. What a what a joke We're in ever one baby. We've been up out of much of a punks. Well, what's the big deal with that? What does it mean? Does it mean anything? No, but it makes it like I've always said it makes the people there feel a lot better Don't get too cocky about those dolphins, baby Played three games. They still haven't played a real team yet. I mean, I'm no one an additional which I noticed now that they're three And like they are every season. Always the same deal. I noticed nobody's screaming the owner about J. Feele or any more about You know cutting off his penis a second time and Hang in and from a guy damn pre somewhere now everybody and now everybody's in love with J. Feele. How about that catch by Ronda guides in yesterday Wow I flipped over just because I watched about four seconds of the dolphin game because I was visually and gross You couldn't turn off that paper your cheap skin man. That was even Georgia, but you watched that What but boy that catch by Ronda against then that was just a he reaches out with his big gigantic hand Well, you know what I'm talking about what I want to hand it grab any grab He grabbed the old pig skin since the terrorist attacks of 9.11 2001 and despite heightened security wait till you hear this How many planes you think have violated their space over presidential residencies since the attacks? 137 You must have seen this 155 said wow FAA record show that in the years since the terrorist attacks planes have flown into off limits aerospace near the White House seven times Over to presidential retreat camp at Camp David Merlin the FAs is there were 104 violations and over President Bush's ranched Crawford Texas They've listed 46 The FAA should warning the pilots this summer after weekend which three aircraft flew into prohibited space over Camp David while the Bush family was there One of the violators was an ultra light aircraft at the Secret Service spotter when it was directly overhead military pilots couldn't track the small plane Which doesn't show up on radar and it got away In a recent rest of airline pilots are coming chief of the NBI's National Joint Strategic Assessment Award in Section Cawking We've seen terrorist organizations looking here with the smallest ultra lights to deliver weapons of mass destruction That's yet another vulnerability that we have to take a look at very strongly. He said we have yet to fill that gap These Secret Service wouldn't come under the potential threat posed by small aircraft The FAA in July for the first time again posting charts on its website showing the off limits here space So pilots can see on a map where they cannot fly Still problems continue during Labor Day weekend while Bush was at his Texas ranch five planes Two of the prohibited airspace all were escorted down by jet fighter jets pilots who violate prohibited airspace can be fired or had their licenses reboked or suspended But the most common penalties remedial training court of the FAA while some lawmakers advance for tougher penalties Others including representative James Obersturman and soda say the FAA is sometimes in fall for not giving pilots adequate or accurate information Light planes with the weapons and mass destruction, huh? Not that we ought to be nervous or anything like that, but yeah, here they come White House disputes terror plot report Federal law enforcement authorities have detained several suit in these citizens as part of the government's anti terrorism investigation Administration officials said Friday, but the official speaking of course on condition of anonymity Disputed the public report that the FBI and CIA are searching for a suit in these Air Force pilot We wondered Canada would plan to fly a hijack airline the White House There is no one at large is going to fly a plane into the White House the official set They suit these suspects were being questioned at non-esculoskeletal location in Hibi Sam The federal government is taken into custody over last several which numerous individuals is exemplified by the case in Buffalo in Lackawana That includes several suit knees who are being questioned. There is no evidence that any of these suspects had any kind of plotting against the White House The official was referring to the rest last week of six questions in New York medical use of running that terrorist cell in Lackawana Signing on named Intelligence sources the Washington Times said the pilot was trained in Afghanistan and his link to a soundman-long Zelkaita terrorist network White House press secretary and minister of information area flashed your ass about the times report seemed to play down in credibility There are a variety of threats. I'm more credible. I'm not in a position from this podium to give you any indications about anything that made deal with intelligence or potential threats I'll just leave it in fatty said in other words Look at that. That's what he said. Okay the minister of information Are we don't call me a turn coat fly sure? Our Kelly makes you cargo court appearance What we haven't heard about him at a long time. You know it too long in a cool zage Grammy winning singer our Kelly appeared in court Friday as prosecutors pressed ahead would child pornography charges against him lawyers in the case said more evidence needed to be exchanged by the two sides before trial and cook County circuit judge Vincent Gonskage another hearing for November 1 Kelly 35 just in a crisp gray suit in blue tie Stubborn out saying award during the brief appearance. He'd be saying nothing The attorney said the trial may not take place till next year for Kelly faces 21 counts of videotaping Producing or soliciting for child pornography the charges stem from a 26 minute videotape that allegedly depicted the rhythm in blue star engaging in numerous acts with a girl at police say was 14-year-old at the time Kelly who's given him his rubbert has played did you know yet like a real name? Of course don't they all no Has played in it like M&M you don't have a real name Yeah, this is what is his Marshall mother that's right Marshall mothers Right and prefer to stick with M&M Kelly who's given him his Robert is oh, and it's not a fact what's the Bonnie One of the bras that does the sideline reporting on the NFL for CBS her name is Bonnie Bernstein or something like that And Dick and Burke says now let's go down to be squared No boy I just about upshot to them you know Dick and Burke used to be really good about 50 years ago when he was 20 years old when he was 40 years old When he was 60 about 50 years ago Dick and Burke and I don't know that but Paul McGuire This man never showed that he's he's like a John Davis and he was good paid by the word But the Like he's on the doggy upwards or something shut off already Paul okay Kelly who's given him his Robert has played innocent deny the man on the tape his him as lawyers have said the girl in any case was a V age a condition carries a possible that that's interesting It's not him but regardless she was evade well, how do they know that it wasn't me and by the way I wasn't there no no but it wasn't me I wasn't there but by the way she's a dean a conviction carries a possible 15 year prison germ killer remains free on fun his brother Carl Kelly 25 and aspiring rap singer greeted his brother outside the court house along with a half dozen supporters shouting hang in their Robert hang in their bro Yo yo yo, let's go rate mo Carl Kelly said false rumors is spread that he not his famous older brothers the man on the tape bootlight copies of the tape He came out sellers on speed corners and a copy was sent it honestly this Chicago sometimes newspaper entered over the police 431 votes because it's a breathtaking moment of stay They don't mistake about that Should Neil start taking calls on to show again now that they're gonna fix our aspirates today the after the show Yes, but only a few hundred and twenty eight almost 30 percent though Yes, please 29 and a half percent 127 maybe one day week 60 14 percent it makes no difference to me 13.6 still hanging around that 14 percent loyal the number huh 59 absolutely not pleased 29 6.7 percent and if he does I'll blow my brains up 28 6.4 percent so we got like third a little over 13 percent of our adamant they don't want any goddamn calls no Matter what come hell or high water We got about a 29 percent or animate they want them please they want to hear some of these great calls that we got They don't just want to hear me sitting here pontificating and reading and pot roll is pond rest up They want to hear some really articulate bright people out there saying really intelligence stuff Like my it gone and Yeah, and of course not the raspberry guy. Don't let's forget about him In fact, I think we the 28 votes if he does I blow my brains out I think Miguel George and Carlos so the ones who voted like nine times of peace I don't just it's awfully lopsided the people that have invested interest in you picking up the phone are voting heavy duty Did I say that before who do you think those people are saying yes, please and I'm those that are ones who want to Hear the side of their own voice again need it. Oh, if they need it their desperate that's their only content kind of wood with the human race Exactly they want like some somebody to tap on it say we recognize your alive we know you have no life But you're alive and I'll or close through it Bob will see give it a chance here before you start jumping to all kinds of whatever 1156 by the way we got some great news for you people out there by me Next Monday the 30th of September is a day that will live in infamy It's the opening of the brand new pizza lock on the corner of Navhill and the sunrise Right behind wall greens in at little us strip shopping center on a corner there right behind my good friend Marcy It wall greens is the brand new loft baby and the food will be just as delicious the portion will be just as fresh just as big And the prices will be just as teeny and inversingly low so you can take the whole gang there over and over and over again In fact, the rumors are threatened this weekend. They might come by for a free meal When I come back This weekend isn't matter fact, maybe you'll come by and Jeff will buy you a free lunch there. Sorry Pizza lock baby. They're still going strong there. I need a diversity drive between Griffin and 595 Like I said the food is fresh it's delicious. It's all cooked order There's no microwave and a minute. They don't even have microwave ovens in the joint okay Although Jeff might have a join or two in the back and in fact, maybe if you're really nice to him We'll take into back room and show you the joint pizza lock they got combination dinner So we've never been in there before you can try a little bit of this and a lot of that They got the chicken dishes and meal and seafood three different kinds of great pizza Calzone super subs and garlic rolls that are so good you can't eat only five They're just loaded with garlic gripping with it. They're fantastic for take out for delivery for catering Which they do a stupid in this job. I'll call 9 5 4 9 1 6 88 80 9 5 4 9 1 6 88 And again, they got lots of free parking there. They're right behind pure one imports kitty corn the new arm and a little cafe Between Griffin and 595 on University. That's the a brow location that's going strong already and Starting next Monday the 30th market on your wrist the brand new pizza lock opens and prestigious plantations It's the 12th of one hour Welcome back to the glittering pageantry of the Mohawana David show we have a full duck at today Include the cavalcade of articulate athlete of yours You know that types of cookies still at it. Why what singing those songs make it fun to me? They make fun of you all the time I don't know why they told the door Everything will be alright, no It's a hands-on me a fairy you queer yet too jumpa real man don't touch only during the game Yesterday once again. I'll give him singing get on a piano Okay, now hit it Back in my day man was straight That's why I kept tolerated drives with guys Forget Met a mole right away no I've picked it Okay, where are we? Spawn, who's learning to get mad at us? Oh, I'll take it from here. The guys that like the worship men, Click, think we won't see all in your way, They're not in my game. Didn't mean to fool the past day, did it? Or did it go hair-eating? Jesus Christ, I really hate it. Jesus Christ, let me die. Exactly. It's 12.03.5.60. W.M. happy Monday to it. Well, what a beautiful day. Son of Shinin here, just a wispy clotter to a sky. High of 66 today, and that's where it's at, man. These are the few days once, like perfect 66, 68, 70. Son of Shinin. TFC customer must have thought he had a perfect day too. He got pot with his chicken. Mil Valley, California. A Mil Valley KFC restaurant employee was arrested after a customer received a little something extra with his chicken dinner. The customer received two bags of marijuana Friday, and said the extra biscuits he had requested. The customer gave the marijuana back to the employee, got his extra biscuits and called police. What an asshole. God! Shmuck. Called police. Police arrested Carlos I.L. 26 of a lay, who surely after customer complained about the pie. Mirri and Kathy Sheriff's deputy said they found a yellow with a small amount of marijuana handgun about five of our bucks in this possession. A yellow often worked to drive up one of the restaurants that they're saying may have been selling the marijuana customers who use the right secret word as a code. As in like Mary Jane something subtle like that. How do you like that? And they called a police. Man, what a piece of turd. You got to go on and kiss the guy in the lips. I'm telling you that less than the code word. You forgot my biscuits. The US is vulnerable to terrorism aimed at farms that produce the nation's food sign to say. Such an attack could easily happen. The National Research Council said in report released last Thursday. It's not a matter of if it's a matter of when. Said R. James Cook, a council member from Washington State University. While there may be a very low probability now. What about in 20 years he'd be asking. You know all of these terrible things. They're all saying the same thing about it. It's not a question of if it's a question of when. Like from the pop green school of life. I mean if it's like that, why don't we just all blow our brains up. You know. The council reports that an attack on food production probably wouldn't lead the famine or malnutrition. But it could hurt public confidence in the food supply and disrupt the economy, costing millions if not billions of dollars. The panel in arm of the National Academy of Sciences pinpointed weakness is in the US plan of defense against bioterrorism and its report. One of the most comprehensive views of farm security today. Since last year, scientists have considered ways to risk a spirit disease across US borders and in fact cattle with mad cow disease, contaminate grain fields or spread, ah, I'm never ready for this. Why I need to be an out or spread and trash. Many pathogens are easily dispersages foot and mouth disease and illness that doesn't arm humans but can quickly sick and hurts of pigs and cattle. An outbreak of foot and mouth occurred in Britain more than a year ago, raising concerns of disease could appear in the US of a. The 911 hijackings that answer by Militax heightened security scientists worries the panel urge US officials to improve their communication with intelligence agencies, universities and farm groups to help them public cope with food and farm security threats. It also suggests that the government's strength and its border inspections by adding new equipment to design, harmful bacteria and diseases. An addition to the council's recommended government immediately increased its efforts to understand plant and animal disease and how they're spread. Establishing network of laboratories that were respond to detect and diagnosis diseases and form a nationwide system to manage and collect bioterrorism information. I don't, if they don't get you any air ducts are going to get you into your dinner plate. Cities color blind to tear warnings many ignorinations five color alert system. Are we still on that orange? I guess are we on that high alert? I think that's a bad question to be asking you. Many of the nation cities have taken little or no action response to the federal government's elevated terrorism alert, a survey of the national league of cities be shown. This is in USA today, so it could be true, especially if there's some colorful pictures with a story. The survey of 300 nine cities may be involved small the medium size cities, about 25% of customized preparedness plants are conformed to national five color alert system. One and five don't understand what the system means. I wonder what they're thinking about this in Geneva in the York. I'll read on it. Most of these didn't step up security runs in timber. I don't even know the Bush administration put the nation on threat condition orange or a high alert for a terrorist attack. Orange. It was the first time the level was raised in the government set up the color coded system in March. The alert system is designed to communicate threats to the nation. The government recommends certain security steps, but state and local governments are required to act. The threat levels are red for civil ID and North Carolina. Under threat condition orange the federal government suggests that the local government industry leaders take extra precautions at public events coordinate security with armed forces or place and allow some people to stay home or work from other locations. Joe to step in O'Mare of New Haven says the city put extra security guards on duty for a couple days around September 11. Just for Carson they're no longer in place. We depreciate some more information he says. There's a real disconnect between what's happening in cities and towns and the rhetoric in Washington. Barb Grant emergency prepared his manager for Bellevue Washington says the alert would have gotten her attention. For example, official said terrorist were planning to attack shopping malls in a West Coast a more general urge. He says doesn't more in many specific local actions. The survey also found fewer than a third of cities increased security utilities public building schools are reports. 27% they connected businesses usual and fewer than a fifth issued local warnings are coordinated with the police and emergency responders. The code is like a boy who cried wolf said John Wichel. Time manager of something we Connecticut we did nothing as there was nothing to be done. How do you like that huh? I don't know so the the dog and pony show continues. Kentucky governor patent admits to inappropriate relationship with woman suing him for harassment. Governor Paul Patton on Friday tearfully admitted to having an inappropriate personal relationship with a woman who's suing him for a sexual harassment. He denied to use his influence to sister damage her business a nursing home as she is alleged. I've now apologized to the people of Kentucky and asked for your forgiveness the married governor said I do believe the now monorite path. Kind of like Jimmy Swagger he's on a right path. It's not easy for me to discuss private failures in a public form, but I do so because I want to be honest with the people of Kentucky trader and they're trust and respect again. Pat and head denied the relationship Wednesday the news conference of the Zyph of 25 years due to the decide. The governor said Friday he had worried about the impact the public disclosure would have on his family and now realizes that now was a mistake. Well, I guess he's not the first guy to make a mistake like that. He's not the first democratic office holder to say to deny I never had the I never did it with that the bitch. The woman Tina kind of alleged he had a two year affair with Patton and that the governor turned state inspector's loose on her nursing home and western Kentucky after she had a relationship. Patton denied it on a no circumstances if I were anyone under my direct control try to punish me as Connor he said I hope she'll go forward with their life as I'm trying to go forward with my Mrs. Connor not missed. Oh. Patton 65 an ever-cranton chairman of the National Governor's Association is in his second term in Knautzik, re-elected in 2003 he's been considered a candidate to challenge first term or public incentive Jim Bunning in 2004 former great the National League pitcher Jim Bunning. I'm running you remember him no with the fillies no and didn't he also pitch for the Detroit tires. Yeah Jim Bunning baby. Another right winger how come all the yeah we've been through this many many times all the extra almost every one of them right wingers man because it's part of that jack mentality. That good old Republican macho mentality. 457 votes and at survey already it's astonishing man. I think we're going to be over 500 by the end of the show today. They are really emotional about this aren't they. I should needle start taking calls on the show again. Yes but only a few 135.9 and a half percent. Yes please 133. 29.1 percent. It's about 29 percent that are dying for it and of course we know who those people are the guy would he eyes right. The guy would have found a pack they might have gone at guy by the way. The boy the weekends poll that was even you notice how this one's even too like this is their new flexing their most. No it's not no it's not. No it's not. See you're starting to get paranoid. I know my fake polls when I see him okay. All right. See because there's no relationship between those too. Don't you understand as opposed to the wickens and the assicans. What was the relationship between those? The relationship was that we both made comments about them on Friday. Uh-huh. When I said that there's like no wickens out there at the you why did you even bring this up. I didn't even know that there was a lot of people in the six that weren't any. I said we had 24 and nothing last time how could it be no six. So that was the relationship every time we make a man and see now you just did it again. As opposed to just taking a poll which I told you long time ago you don't know your poll Mr. I see in a few polls in my time. In Warsaw. No seriously you just just take the poll and apply with it. Okay. This is not this is not scientific art. Our livelihoods are going to depend on it all the years might especially when those numbers come out today. Oh, I want to clap. We got the trends coming out of one o'clock. Spread the word everybody will have them on the show tomorrow morning. We're going to scour. We're going to go into those things. We're going to like believe me. We're going to go in great detail every station that's on the list and by the way, Norma, you won't be on there. Okay sweetheart, you are going to make the cut. You may have made the cut at birth, but he ain't going to make it again. You need to raise Mr. Eagle. Will he be on there? No. Would I make believe show on a make believe station? I wasn't lying in the middle of giving a result here of the poll before you started interrupting again. Yes. Well, I'll do it later. I got to do the break. We don't want to get behind here because then we'll take like see we can out of here every day right on time man. In fact, what I do is in the last couple of minutes. I turn on City Post 24 and they have like the digital clock. You know, it's like so because my clock will be like right now says it's looking 49. My clock keeps falling behind Eric. I don't know what, huh? What was your say 12 12? You see my in don't. My says 11 49. But on here 12 12 24 25. So I we get out of here right on time as opposed to like certain other shows because they're too glad they're important like that morning. Sure you know, slightly he's going to even a new pattern. Can't get out of here on time for some reason. Well, that's probably part takes a lot of time to say that 40 50 times. Have you heard the news about the 3.95% mortgage? Well, it's true. If you've been thinking about checking this out, there's nothing there's no obligation when in doubt check it out because now's the smart time to purchase a home or refinance you're existing home at the incredibly the amazingly low rate of only 3.95% If you have a 7.5% mortgage that 3.95% rate would save you over 3.5% or over 3.500 dollars the first year alone on a 100,000 dollar mortgage. So don't make things harder for yourself than the need to be pick up the phone and make them as simple as pie. Call financial group at wall. Though I do like those pies and mother hummers, you know it. Call 1-800-940 land L-E-N-D. That's 1-800-94053-63. Getting a mortgage someplace else will cost you thousands of dollars extra each year. So forget about that. Think of all of them. You can save when you have yourself a 3.95% mortgage. Financial group is up to the customers just like you. Put your financing in the best possible position by getting yourself a 3.95% mortgage. Call financial group today. Right now, Tom Todd Drecktorny to call 1-800-94053-63. And by the way, speaking of Todd Dreckt, wasn't you going to have us that new fast train stuff today when a guy came back from out of town? 1-800-94053-63, there were an equal housing lender. Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change if you wait too long. 1-800-94053-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63-63 We'll see what we do! Is your boss on MasterBam? Enough! Does he master Bill? You need some MasterBam with your boss to gather! The two of you need to sit down in his office and you need some MasterBam to be. Can he master Bill? Koedam! Wait a minute! Are you willing to go to any lane? Yeah! Then you need to master Bill with him in fact, you need to master Bill Chayan! He's not needed to master Bill each other! All right. All right. You feel better? Oh, yeah, thank you. Doctor, this go to date news. All right. 1218 at 5.60, WDQAM, police city officials defense squad's photographic of detainees, even those not arrested. Our good friends in Delaware again, is that the pre-filing we were talking about? Yeah. Wilmington Delaware, the city police department's corner deployment unit, is known as the jumpout squad for bursting out of vehicles to question and search suspects. Its offices also are known for something else, snapping photos of suspects they stop, even those they don't arrest. City officials defend the practice as a legal and effective part of fighting drug dealing in street crime, critics say it violates the constitutional rights of innocent people, and an error worth surveillance cameras peer from buildings and parking lots, courts have ruled that people can't expect privacy in public places, civil libertarians argue that police photographing people they don't arrest is a different matter. There's no authority to forceably photograph someone in an enderum into a database where they have committed no crimes that are very stine hard to associate director of the ACU. I'm not aware of any other municipal police department that's engaged in this type of behavior he be saying. Wilmington Mayor James Baker describes such criticism as blithering idiocy, saying police take pains to protect the rights of law-abiding citizens while targeting people who are killing our neighbors who are killing our people. City officials deny police are photographing individuals who believe are likely to commit crimes. Some may be reports of compared the technique to minority report are recent science fiction movie in which police identify cronyles before they commit crimes. It's not a Gestapo technique, it's not anything other than a progressive means of policing and urban environments and police spokesman corpels Stephen Martellie. I think he's willing to Mr. Martini. I'll see. Among other things, the photos conservators proved that a first-ever resident for law-abiding received other warnings they were also kept as possible evidence for ongoing investigations authority said. Police chief Michael Zazurba said his department is taking photographs of suspects for years without complaints. It's highly improbable that innocent people were caught up in the stops he said. According to City officials, 658 people were stopped in question between June when the Stumpout Squad's operation Bulldog Eagle began and last week among them 546 were arrested and 700 charges were filed. Police believe the other 112 are involved in criminal activity, even if officers didn't find enough evidence that day they were arrested. So in other words, it's not a question whether you're anything wrong now or before now, but we think you will. We know. We know what you got in mind. We know what's up here, sleep. Remember Friday we had the Johnnie Carson says he's not the Diann, right? And that there was a story in the inquired that when I was coming out Friday. Well, here it is in my hand right now, man. We don't miss him. I want those tabloids. I got him. Johnny Carson battling deadly lung disease. It says here. In the inquired, TV legend Johnny Carson is battling a deadly lung disease. These hiding is increasing the serious condition by living as a reclusive board is private yacht. Pal say, and of course everybody in these stories has lots of pals. How you doing, pal? Pal said the 76 year old former tonight's year of host to once smoked several packs of cigarettes a day has been grappling with killer and pacimor for seven years and wants to stay out of the public eye. The healing star is lung condition. Hampered is recovered from quadruple bypassed three years ago. And since the incurable disease has gotten worse living amount of breath and fatigue, Johnny's more than aware of them to see we could eventually kill him. So the source posted the Carson family, but he's battling to the disease the best he can't. Remember I told you by the end of the year. He's hoping that the clean sea air will keep him as healthy as possible. Take deep breaths, Johnny. Come on. Breathe in. Breathe out. Like on passions. Breathe in. Breathe out. Although Johnny's heart condition is improved and infosemise force them to change his lifestyle completely, he said with that to a more sedentary lifestyle. The source said he just can't exercise like he used to. He's not on an oxygen tank. See, I'm just out of the blue. Just because of the story, I'm gagging and choking on it. He's not on an oxygen tank, but he's facing an ongoing battle with emphysema. Emphysema is a serious disease that can't be reversed. According to experts, the chronic condition gets worth worse with time and patients gradually become more and more disabled. About half of all patients survived ten years of longer after diagnosis, but patients would severe emphysema often die within four years. Emphysema is a devastating disease, but if patients are able to remain actively live longer, Dr. Edward Haponic, a lung specialist at Johns Hopkins Medical School of Medicine told the inquirer, what shortness of breath limiting his activities, Ailing Johnny is taking to spending his day sailing his 130-year foot custom built motor yacht, the serengeti. This summary crewed with his devoted wife Alex and a crew of nine up and down the Atlantic coast, stopping in ports of call but rarely staying long. As far as Johnny's concern, sailing is the best thing you can do for his infosemma, the source be saying. The healthy seer gives Johnny a renewed energy and vitality and he's looking much better than the pastie gray he was earlier this year, although he still weighed Johnny appears tanned and fit. But throughout his travels, the star is shy away from the public. Johnny is almost as reclusive as Howard Hughes, the source said. He was going to stay at Sag Harbor on the tip of Long Island through Labor Day, but he got spooked after a newspaper printed a report of the serengeti being birthed in a slip there. He immediately had the most kept in way anchored head back out to sea. Outside of the fact that he loves being out on the sea for clean air. He also loves that he doesn't have to see another soul out there. Johnny doesn't want to see anybody. When the boat Docs usually stays below deck watching his satellite TV occasionally he may slip assure for a quite lunch and low with Alex's he didn't want to have to know and Boston at Vista Rock into Scano, but mostly he's content to be by himself with Alex and the crew. Jerry Sotsick had a Carson Productions and Johnny's nephew told him where he didn't take the star ahead of Passema, but a family friend insisted Johnny smoking led to his disease. There was a time after Johnny had his heart attack that his doctor's study began oxygen and definitely which Johnny desperately did to want not want to be tied down to an oxygen tank for the rest of his life. He stopped smoking, got checkups regularly, but over time his conditions deteriorated. He did too much damage to his lungs as a young man. He's biggest regret in life is that he's being a big smoker. Quit smoking all you punk side there. Quit smoking it. Quick gagging on it, okay? Because you're going to be dead. I think that's a good question. What is this Hank is doing the money that football on sports center in Tampa tonight? That's what I was told. That's why he's done. Okay, Hank's doing the money that football on sports center running SPN that I wish his wife does. I knew it had to be something with that. You know the hoppers got bigger fish to cry that worried about QA and I don't blame him. Like I said, more pay less work. We like that. Nice going, hopper. Show me what you show up. Show up. I just just mail it in. That's the way to do it. He's taking a pick. See, I said the trend for all of these guys, you know this? Just like just like last Monday, I'm promoting the mad dog. I'm going to be on a one-on-one clock and all of a sudden, low and behold comes one of clock and there's the little dog. Here's your rose, much to my amazement. Especially amazing now that we hit like two. Was it Monday or Tuesday? Whatever day it was. I forget. And we have two PDs running around and building and I can't even find out who's going to be on the air. Get a schedule, right? And what was made is doing, fing off again. Like he told me that day. Oh, he just took the day off. Nice going mad dog. More pay less work. That's the all American way, baby. More and more money and less work. Maybe we'll show up once in a while. I can't because we'll call in from ports abroad, you know, like Johnny. Just like Johnny. Well, we'll call it in from orbit and help we adopt at the moment. They could build a studio when you're y'all y'all. And it sounds like Johnny could use a good duck. 1226, Port Johnny boy, you can just see this funeral as they bring in the casket and dead McMahon here. I mean, wouldn't that be that? Oh, that would be that. That would be terrible. But it would be kind of amusing though. Yeah, I mean, Johnny would like that. I think I think so. No, wouldn't. Now he's going to be recluseable. I got your doctor. Phil stuff coming up in a minute. You're going to love it. You're going to be squeezing yourself. You're going to be obsessed. Speaking of squeezing yourself if you're, if you're so fat that you can't even find it much less squeeze it. Here's the answer for your balance for life. Our good friend, the beast who used to work on a morning show used to work on a more Howard David show, but for some inexplicable reasoning on it, show anymore when it comes back from vacation next week. The beast lost 55 pounds on balance for life and you can do the same or even more. You just keep going at it man. Just keep eating the food that they provide for you every morning and your little black sack six o'clock in the morning like a like clockwork. They deliver it right here door at home at work at your massage partner wherever we are six o'clock in the morning. And that's all you have to think about. Right inside that sack is all the food you want for the day. Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks, even a little 69 spotter water was in there too to get you started. And the food is delicious. Its fresh is made with the best ingredients. There's all kinds of great veggies in there. And even some of the stuff that doesn't sound all that great, you'll be amazed at delicious. And you get to choose two alternatives for each meal and snack every day that you're on a program. And the wait is pours off your body. And what a relief from other so-called weight loss programs where you have to count calories and you have to count carbohydrates and you have to go shopping for this and you don't have to shop for anything. Because everything you're going to eat is in that little black sack. So if you want to lose weight the painless way the effective way that delicious weight this is the answer. Believe you me what I tell you. In fact I'm really looking forward to coming back and getting on it and the adiatoo balance for life. Call them at this number nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine that's nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine. If you want to lose the wait and start looking and feeling like a human being or check out their website at balanceforlife.com Oh this is four twenty five sixty four two way and way and the town at five six oh this fall on the television changes forever. His talent like it is style has already impacted millions of Americans his appearances on Oprah have propelled him into the national line light get ready for a doctor fill well fill with a May 20 no cry I'm not crying look at me when you talk I'm looking at actions that your problem is you're stupid. No he's taking me my husband you got a big butt doing your stupid why you crying you see I don't have any sympathy for you. You're here in the 80 we have that sex in my town. Oh no sex with you either look at the can on doctor fill you know the problem seems to be I come home I want to watch TV I want to tell me about you tell me about her while I'm trying to tell you she comes into the room I'll tell me what she does tell me what you do I sit in the chair and I have the TV I know she comes to busy watching TV is your deal that's what men want to do we just want to watch TV you can't do it why want to do it and we can't do it see your problem is your dumb you're a dumb watching TV it's usually I say you're a dumb don't I ball me like that I'm trying to help you you're on my show you don't have your own show do you you know you need some of this oh I buy this don't get it oh Dr Phil now why are you talking so quiet you see already I can tell you're a pusho but but he just doesn't tell me what he does I just understand I'm not some of this for you too some of it Dr Phil this far he go Mr Natsun boy some love for you too you know I just realized that the inquire my story has got this other one in here but the I have to separate in the took it to be like short-change okay so the first one from this week's globe exposed Dr Phil the love chief Dr Phil McGraw's cheating doomed his first marriage to his high school sweetheart and left her devastated globe can reveal but the hot new TV advice guru who's certainly lectures people about taking responsibility for the actions stubbornly refuse swipe devily higgins has come forward to tell all and brand him a shameless hypocrite while McGraw today to clear is there a state that stayed homewives can ruin a relationship he didn't even let Higgins get a job says the friend he then gave her just $500 and a potty agran preena divorce settlement adds the pal poorly telling her you didn't work so you don't deserve anything the friend notes that a wasn't until an interview just last month that he would even acknowledge that he had previously tied the knot before he walked on the aisle 26 years ago with the second wife Robin who claims he and Higgins ended their marriage on good terms occurring we never had a crossword we sat down and said why do we do this the psychotherapist first wife had never spoken about her heartache but a friend revealed to the globe the intimate details of the marriage and told our Higgins was shattered by the breakup when she sees the relationship guru participating on TV Debbie worshiped and then she found out he was seeing other women the pal says she seen other pal she was shattered filled always told her that he loved her and wanted to spend the rest of his life as far as fills claim that they never had a crossword well his actions spoke louder than words in a story book romance m abroad that he met while attending shani mission north high school in shani mission Kansas by the senior year he was a hulking six foot four lineman and she was head cheerleader and homecoming queen filled with the only guide that he did it confides the friend when he proposed to after the graduate in 68 he really said yes but they didn't get married until two years later not right on a high school like fill is claimed first m abroad tended the University of Telsa on a football scholarship but he left the Oklahoma School following his freshman year because of a series-inj research and a game he then took a job at a health spot in Lubric Texas Phil called Debbie and asked you to move down Lubric to be with him says the friend that didn't said to well with her mom this was Kansas in 1970 and an unmarried couple of him together was still pretty much taboo plus her mom wasn't crazy about Phil from the start but Debbie was so deeply in love with him she relocated to Lubric eventually when they were twenty they've seen clouds of the southridge press victory in church in shani mission November 27, 1970 the newlyweds finally settled down into picker Kansas where McGorop and the Greece in health spa the nineteen seventy three to pick a phone book was they film a girl living at the area the same address is the spot listed in a large yellow page and not because he was running a business out of his house okay by then the marriage was already hitting the skids one day filled with the airport to pick up his father after telling Debbie to have his dinner ready when they returned to the front but he never came home that night devastated Debbie went across the street to cry on a pal shoulder the day and they were told Debbie I've seen Phil bringing other women to your home when you've been away reveals the friend it was like Debbie had been hidden the back of the head with a brick incredibly McGrodden even denial when Debbie confronted him says her pal he told her don't take it personally and has nothing into my feelings toward you that's the way the world so grow up it shows you the size of his ego and his mind he didn't do anything wrong. Hick and slept in the divorce papers although she just got a few bucks in the youth panicked from a Debbie was thrilled to be out reveals the friend she was out of it. Lama Grough for bad Debbie to take a job after they tied the knot he apparently changes his tune drastically today and his best selling books like self matters and getting real he declares that wives who don't work are a big threat to happy marriages. Despite the breakup from the gross first marriage his current wife and sister she's not nervous at all about him cheating on her. He knows there's nothing that would make it okay for him to have an affair or treat me with disrespect his robin who is a high school friend of McGrods sister and met him soon after his divorce. We got a lot of our differences settled during the four years we were dating but for Higgins her furry tail romance tended to win night merge he's horrified to see how her ex is claiming to be a perfect relationship expert her friend says Debbie told me all I wanted out of our life together was peace and happiness and if some money came later terrific but looks like Phil's motivations were different than mine the pal now Phil's making millions is a therapist who feels qualified to tell people what's wrong with him but it seems like he believes he's never made a mistake in his life it looks like a whole lot easier for Phil the number acknowledged that he has. How do you like that huh Dr Phil Frick? I have for Chris. Don't I bother you. Now I guess I'll have to do the break because this one also is a fairly lengthy from the inquirer so you know and the inquirer also got an inset here Dr Phil's lines his woman in sex scandal yes I was at the same owners as the different one. Oh no this is a different one. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no more new stuff. Yes this is a third one. All right well he went to the first story and the inquirer says Dr Phil's father raped me. How do you like that? I like it. Former patient breaks your silence. Like I said I better do the br- I'm almost speechless from this other one. Dr Phil is lying says woman in sex scandal and this is in the inquirer. Oh so we know we believe in inquirer sure a lot more than the hero the son sent me to guide them New York freaking time for the Washington post or the St. Louis post is spanned for the Pittsburgh post is that the Rochester Democrat in chronicle. Oh well. 491 votes look at it now. How are we doing on it that makes no difference to me 13%. She's been between 13 and 14%. Those loyal people out there who don't give a crack they're going to listen to old Neil what no matter what goes on in the show we love them. Okay they're sticking with us just like Jimmy Bowen said I'm sticking with you. Remember that Jimmy Bowen? No. Book of Brian does. I'm sticking with you on Rula records baby Jimmy Bowen and buddy Knox party doll. Remember party doll by buddy Knox? Of course. That's back here. Did I say 21 before I wanted five but this show today has gone by like five minutes. What? We need huh? It feels like I just sat down and now that I find this other die I see I thought it was the same one in the inset and it's my fault for not reading the details but I couldn't imagine that there are like three scandals all on the same week week of tabloids. Holy crap, right man. Don't forget by the way in showcase between four and five to seven noon on Rogers cable two back to back episodes of Batman. That's where you don't get that. Oh I guess what movie I saw on a screen TV this weekend. I give up the war of the world. Yes, own it. And you know that priest the priest I went out there and held up the crack he still dead. Let's see him. Listen if you want to toss and turn no more here's the answer for a great new mattress. If you're not getting a good night's sleep then you don't feel like crap your back is out of sorts and out of whack and of course you don't feel good. If you want to feel great then of course getting a good night's sleep is a big part of that. Get you a great name brand mattress. You'll be amazed at how different and how much better you'll feel. Getting a great night's sleep every night. How do you do it? The easy way by calling our good buddies a dial-makers are pals just call 1 800 mattress 1 800 mAh TKRES. You'll be talking about some telephone operator but somebody reading those mattresses inside and out will make damn sure they hook you up with exactly the kind of mattress that you want and the brand name whichever one is your favorite and they only care the top names. No off names. They got certa, Seely Simmons King coil and no bait and swish either. We're exactly the one you orders the one they'll deliver and they deliver to you when it's convenient for you any day of your life. Seven days of week and you picked it to our window between noon and two, one and three, two and four, three and five, four, thirty and sixty, etc. And they give you the thirty day in home comfort trial to test out you new mattress these smart way by sleep and on it and we're all sorts of obscene pornographic things on it. So pick up the phone and call them right now. You'll be amazed like I always amin how quickly they're there and what a super job they do have taken out the way the old bedding and sitting up your brand new one. Called dial-makers in 1 800 mattress 1 800 MATTRES or you can also check them out at the worldwide web at Macros.com. PEOPLE PIS ME A. And it called we're going into the personal life story now. You know, because otherwise you don't have to talk about. We're used to the prize by this divorce. No, I beg you to let me out. Really? Yeah, you fire me because Tom requires sort of a commitment. Yeah. And then I was doing it's coming for people. Really? Yeah. So that's got to be fun. That's got to be living out of fantasy. I'm amazing. It's so entertaining. You like me? Oh my god. What is going on in your head that that comes out? Get out of here. Get out of here. Get out of here. I'm a little bit. What do I think? You're gonna buy something? Okay, so refax me that page you just sent me about, um, sorkin? Yeah. Aaron sorkin. refax me that because it was on a page where because I'm trying to like conserve my fax paper here. So I put in some stuff that had some other crap on it and I had an upside down. It's a good story but I'm not gonna go. There it goes. It's on its way from San Jose. Anyway, 504 votes on the polish of Pona. Dr. Phil's father raped me. How do you like that? Do do do do do. I was raped by Dr. Phil's father. That's the painful secret. Martha Watley West is finally revealing an exclusive in cry interview after two decades of silence. And it's the painful family secret that Dr. Phil McGraw Oprah's hand pick relationship guru hides behind his TV ready smile. Dr. Phil's dad, Jomegraw, roamed my life and destroyed my marriage Martha declared I was ready to kill myself. Four weeks ago, the inquiry revealed that a former female patient of Dr. Phil claimed he sexually abused her in 1985 and a state agency and Texas found that the psychologist was Gileumus conduct. The saying like Father like Son applies to Dr. Phil and his father, no questions at Martha 52, I thought I'd put it behind me until I saw Dr. Phil on TV all these years later. I felt like I had been raped one more time. Martha's nightmare began in 1981 when she went to psychologist Joe who died in 1993 for help in battling depression after several deaths in her family. I went to his office in Wichita Falls, Texas. She told the inquire, he and Dr. Phil and offices in an older home. I was 31 and married. My husband was a backer. We had two small children. Dr. Joe was about 60 balding a little balding a little with a mustache. Dr. Mac Furrey first visit. He said, have you ever had enough fear? I was shocked. I said, no, he said, I can't believe that. You're so beautiful. I would love to make love to you. I was so naive. I just thought, oh my goodness, this man thinks I'm attractive. I was in awe of him. After that, he was flirtatious in every counseling session. Seven months into my therapy. We were sitting in our chairs when he stood up and walked over to me. He pulled my shoulders to have me stand up and then he kissed me. And then he kissed me. Everally brothers, never? Yes. He pulled on his pants and underwear and pushed my shoulders down and had me perform oral sex on him. I had never done that before my life. When he exposed himself, he said proudly, so what do you think of that? I didn't say anything or overwhelmed. I was mesmerized by him. After where he said, if I told anyone he could get in a lot of trouble, he said he had to be careful in case his wife Jerry found out. I never saw him again for therapy. He did ask me to meet him one more time a week or two later. It was at the house of a bachelor friend of Joe. One of the master bedroom and got on dress he tried to do the sex act, but wasn't able to properly perform when he I left. He said, I can't do this anymore. He said, that's probably a good idea because obviously he can't either. After that, he and Dr. Phil dropped me like a hot potato. I went into a terrible depression. I'd never had sex without sight. Anyone outside my mirror, she ended up feeding at Roon my life and Dr. Joe had Roon my life. It goes on. But anyway, here comes the important part that I just discovered. Okay. And I've been at least they had this earlier, but here's the update. Because there on top of the vanity and choir, there were the first and Robert Blake in the first on O. J. and the first on everything. Right. And John Boney. And John Boney. Dr. Phil is lying says woman in sex scandal. Dr. Phil is desperate. I stick to my story. That's the angry declaration of a former patient of Dr. Phil McGraw, a woman who insists the TV side called this sexually abused her after he denied her revelations, which were first reported in the inquiry. In a blockbuster interview in our August 20th issue, the former patient said that when she was 20, Oprah went for his self-help guru, touched my breast and put his hands between my legs. I felt like a pedophile victim, the man's a predator. We revealed Dr. Phil was investigated by the Texas State Board of Examiners of Psychologists and in 1989 he was found guilty of misconduct. Now Dr. Phil who's own talk show is just a view claims the sexual abuse never took place further devastating his former patient. The woman now 38 was Dr. Phil's patient in which tough falls Texas and became his employee to be forced to father complaint with the board. She asked that her name not be used although the inquiry confirmed her complaint through official records. Before the inquiry story was published, we made numerous attempts to get a comment from a grong received no answer, but a month later we told a magazine. I've never so much as pedded this woman on the back. It was absolutely totally false and it was fully investigated and dismissed. But the woman's complaint was not dismissed. The inquiry learned the board punished Dr. Phil with a public reprimand and demanded that his practice be supervised by another psychologist. The woman told the inquiry after hearing Dr. Phil's remarks, this makes me feel ill. I feel like I'm being abused all over again. All I can say is that all of my allegations were true and that's why he chose to enter into the settlement agreement with the board which ordered him to be supervised in monitor. I'm sticking to my guns, the story the inquiry ran was accurate. By making these statements now he's lying, she says, I guess he had to say it to make him look good for his new show, but these facts have been established for a long time. Dr. Phil also told a magazine to talk a lie detector test to prove his innocence. I told him to ask me about her and about any other woman patient in my past. With 2020 hindsight it would have been better if I'd never seen her again, but had nothing to do with sexual allegations whatsoever. When a magazine asked Dr. Phil who administered the test he couldn't remember. And the chairman of the board that said in judgment of Dr. Phil Dr. Lawrence Abrams or shock by McGraw's claim he told the inquiry, we don't require a lie detector test, we never lie detector tested anyone. I don't recall the specific case of Dr. McGraw, but I don't recall any psychologist ever taking a lie detector test. The former patient added to now say the abuse didn't occur as a desperate act by a desperate man. How do you like them apples huh? A little doctor Phil all we can say is wow. By the way, I got my shirt and pants on. That's good to know. Well, no, there's a reason for that though. Okay, you're expecting company. I'm a company. I'm expecting engineers going to be here when a clock and I want to be sitting here like, you know, starting to make you look like you usually are. Oh, no, not in my boxes and I'm walking shorts. I don't sit around here my under were okay. Close to it and believe me, it's not a pretty sight. I'm sure you believe me. But anyway, the engineers come we're going to get the phones taken. We got our pull going about should we take calls on a show. We got over 500 votes. The audiences emotional and aroused about their man. We're almost smelling. I'm ready. We facts me this. I will get this in today because I don't have time to do that. We give the Brittany thing justice. We'll do that tomorrow. Okay. Brittany cleans up a rack. You're going to be disappointed about that and Kathy Lee takes Frank back to the scene of the slime crime and Robert Blake tried to strangle wife during a kinky romp and he couldn't strangle her. So finally, Martha, they'll never lay a finger on me. She's Martha. She's doing some good tabloids stuff and the usual stuff. And who knows, maybe we'll take some calls tomorrow. Never know. One or two, maybe? Or we'll see. Tell Carlos by the way to get a little bit of counseling just in case he's been through it. Yeah, he was, oh, that's right. He did it when you were on the internet. That was his internship. So he already knows that. Oh yeah. And chick-up. Not a con. And with those guys all call lots right, they don't love those. They don't do it off here. They were. Yeah, there were enough. The Raspberry guy. I mean, called 10 times a day. Yeah, a 10. That has pretty good. Maybe he's had some therapy. Maybe he's had some help. 1252 at 560 WQ and we got the mad dog coming up a lot with your busy lifestyle. You need all the energy you can to feel healthy to feel like a human being to have like some kind of a sense of wellness. Here's a part of how to help you be well. That's all we'll make. Only meditation, sensational new product. It contains the best olive oil on the planet along with vitamins and and they make a separate product to promote different parts of your health. There's once specifically designed to help your heart. One for your blood pressure, your cholesterol and your prostate. And they all come in an easy to take soft-yel calf-sliding just pop in your old posts. Oldie Mazz also got supplements to promote health and your circulatory system. Your digestive or inner consistent your skin, your bones, even your mind. And all of them use the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil and other good stuff too. Oldie Mazz makes products for men and some specifically designed for women as well. Oldie Mazz is an outstanding new product which you can pick up all over time because more and more people are grabbing it. You can pick it up at Whole Food Markets, Walgreens, Sedanos, and for our pharmacies, if you might get more information called our Tool Free Number, it'll give you all the answers for you. 1-866 Oliomidd. That's 1-866 Oliomidd and you can also order this to send a new product online at OliomiddAmerica.com. Leemetros for weed Si axle I'll feed it Haitian It's I'll cut theitis salt in the head. out What I've done talking, then you talk. Okay, I'll be coming. Come here. Come here. I want you to meet a friend of mine. Mr. Gough Club. Why are you here? I'm gonna show you the business and the mistake coming. This court sentences you to 20 years in hours. Would you win, Paul? I had a tag of my mattress. Looks like we'll be your bunkmates. The names will highlight statements. Starrestage screen and stereotypes. What's your legal me, Gough Club? You've got so bad. Thank you. Hey, you know, funny. So proud and real honey. I'm gonna make you my wife. Stop it. God! God! Who got you, Pinkie? All right, shower time. We got 10 minutes. What used to be safe beneath? You both have. No man. You're not new in the blue, but that's so good. Okay. Come and power us me like that. You know who I am? You can't even don't think it up now. I'm here for a minute. All right. But I expect a pregnant policy on my cushions. I've got a broom here and a bus stop there. No, a broom here. I'll take a car. Lord, I'll see you now. Thanks. Well, Mr. David. I'm a woman. Jack. Jack ordered. How can it help you? You see more than he is? I keep getting raped. To be the baddest shave. Jarl, who can do it right away? Thanks a lot. It's about time. Some put it in our drop your pack. I said drop your pack. This is odd. So favors don't come to you. You'll go, yo, let's rate more. Read, yo, big shot. All right. Now we pass the time away. In the game, jello. Oh, oh. Oh. Oh, my gosh. I caught 508. You know, I packed myself into a corner. I don't have time for this. Huh? I know. What are you chuckling about? Not in. You're not still laughing about it. Don't, don't, don't, don't. That's all. I guess I have to start with that tomorrow. Don't let me forget because this is very important. In fact, I'm so impressed by this, whoever affected, thank you very much. I might use it every day. Carlos found it. Thank you, Carlos. You're the best. 522 votes. We'll have to get the polaroids on before we get out of here. Make way for the man, though. We don't want to step on his show. We don't mess around with other people's time. Okay. On this show, when it comes to one of clock, we're out of here. We don't make excuses like, wow, you know, we had that penetrating interview with Pat Riley again. Some horsecraft that we hear like an morning show. And that was the same case with the worst team, too. You notice, right? They had trouble reading the clock. Should Neil start taking calls on the show again. We asked 522 votes. Yes, but only a few hundred and 53. Few calls like maybe five a year. Yes, please. We'll have to get to the show. We'll have to get to the show. We'll have to get to the show. We'll have to get to the show. We'll have to get to the show. We'll have to get to the show. We'll have to get to the show. We'll have to get to the show. We'll have to get to the show. We'll have to get to the show. We'll have to get to the show. We'll have to get to the show. We'll have to get to the show. We'll have to get to the show. We'll have to get to the show. We'll return to regular programming momentarily on WQAND.com. Until then, here's the best of sports radio 560 QAM is Bobby.