Hey, it's Howard. Howard David. Well, I'm here to tell you. It's about a woman who squeezed out the largest, smelly, supported birds in America. Running will send. One of the three brothers who founded the Gatban was the first to encounter Doris, a group who worked your way backstage. The band's manager, Slubby Gold. I will never forget that night. One by one they come out of the dressing room, gagging from the wind this chick is laying down. Ronnie says to me, she was damn good, but do not even attend 69. Long fed up with a bad rap man, get for their flatchulists. The Gatban recorded, you dropped a bomb on me, hoping you send a message of equality. That man and women are pretty much alike. Both that digestive systems process certain foods into glass of odour's methane. In the wanted love song, I guess so that's what they thought it was. The world just wasn't ready for a song about not just butt bubbles. And what of Doris? Tonight, inside the behind, the infrancer would be the inspiration for the Gatban's hit song. Oh, those guys, it's all just sour grapes. I show them an awful good time. And you know how men will do anything to make us women to look bad. Oh my god, I think my nose is bleeding. It's a big juicy, stopping wet look at your business tonight and it's this one. kont-a- somethin I played on that's a kind, is it a threat Jesus? If I did please, I picked out, when this is a report for myapped Girls? I need to call it a good advice. Thank you. and why did Tried to Daeakoun some little chat. WIPG WAPE the big eight now that's you know Jacksonville's not one of the great markets in the country, but that was a major major radio station Greece man was a WAP the big eight WMGM Which I found Peter trip on here the curly head of the kid in the third row that got caught up in a payola scandal I found him on here to everything is on there KHA that I just say that CKLW CHUM Toronto which had to go back to oldies recently because they tried knocking off the fan with another sports station in Toronto and guess what the other big bomb speaking that so they're playing oldies again on AM on Chum in Toronto WSYZ WBZ WMEX WKBW we got some Joey on here too baby Joey Reynolds you know him he's an asshole WHK KFI WWWE WEE didn't Winary work there once upon a time WWWE I think so and WOWOW in Fort Wayne Indian all those were the days the 50,000 watt clear to and of course see down here wasn't the same though because if you lived I'll just about all your life down here you never heard any of those stations except the ones in Miami right right but if you live like any were in up north in the northeastern in the Midwest or even like in the uh not not the far west but the Midwest up to like the Rocky Mountain States you could hear at night time all these stations just booming in that's back in the days when people used to speak English I am radio I know I know that comes as they tremendous shock to your system all you young puns out there yes Virginia there was a Vanuidier radio I believe it or not so if anybody's got any other ones WWQAM I was gonna take some right on the phone as opposed to making facts them in when you think that's a good idea how about WBBF and Rochester home of the busy bees I don't think I get too many boats home of the busy bees WQAM yes sir you hope that the new nomination yes hey a a y's out a little rock yeah I remember that right that was like okay thanks like k a y was that the right call it is though in little rock so that's what they'll what they'll do you know WQAM that's all I know so you're gonna vote for QAM just because it's only uh top 40 stations you ever used to listen to yeah and I actually used to listen to it I'm not going to tell anybody I'm going to vote for Kakey because it would be like a tip off and be a bad idea and I want to tilt the thing huh may 16 1969 a bigger part that's when I started listening to the phone off he wants the jingles on here too wine light oh see once once they stop with jingles on radio stations that was the end of a fun radio I don't mean WF1 I mean just it was the end of fun in music radio WQAM oh yes sir yes sir okay see I never lived on the west coast so you're gonna have to help me with that the only one I remember is okay it's day you got it what is it what is it what is it Dan Rona no the announcer from what the was his name with a deep voice it'll come to be thanks what the was the guy used to be the answer I'm like Gary O'ens I don't know what call it Gary O'ens KM to he see if he got KA way KAY yes A yes KM PC see the west coast ones we need some help on that it's gonna be a long list but that's okay because this is uh sensational if you ask me but I don't like it screw you you know that's my opinion oh now what what is it doing this thing why is this thing acting up again everything was going so swimmingly well on here you know all I did was just oh it's got a connect again after you stop it oh see like I said computers and internet are a wonderful thing but uh boy oh boy oh you need this for let me see if this is gonna fire off again otherwise I'll just take some more calls I'll have to do it during the break is that depressing or what don't probably just fire well I'm talking WQAM hi I was wondering if I could talk the meal speaking I'm sorry speaking sounds like me what about S.R.A. with the leaked great brown brothers right W.S.R.R.Festation that nobody could pick up on or we're out radio right what was it about it was an intern there one time on uh what I meant Ron he was in there smoking a joint with more company what they got for a scene okay thanks pal W.S.R.R.F don't put that on there no don't put that on there no this wasn't the greatest AM top 40 station first of all nobody could hear the goddamn thing you know who wants own W.S.R.F. Jackmark that's true that's very good what an asshole he had Jackmark he's an asshole it's big parking space over there in Hollywood screw you Jack okay it was that thing we got with it over there at the corner it's hiding behind the bear the Janet Mino doll Jackmark and his parking spot wow what are you parking in my spot like a big shot over there at Paxon you jack anyway W.S.R.F used to be owned by van Patrick who used to be the great football broadcaster for the Detroit Lions many years ago one of the great play by play broadcasters of all time by the way van Patrick best known for saying Philadelphia that's what used to call it the Eagles for that little fee he had a strange way of saying that and also Joe Schmidt the great lines of linebacker even when he was sitting on a bench van would have him making the tackle on just about every defensive play because we don't know why they just like them I guess I give goosebumps when I hear those jingles I really end the quality on those is really amazing because those are from 1967 WKNR and Detroit I don't think the Detroit stations do all that well not because they weren't some of the best in the country back in the heyday of Motown and Detroit music but because we just don't have that many Midwestern people here all of the surprise we got a couple like you know some L.A. stuff why would anybody come from L.A. to hear I want you got me let me hear you I am excellent choice and what about Robin Seymour you got it okay thanks thank you you're welcome WJBK Detroit see this is like a nice break from you this one's got the bombs and we're gonna win a bag me I got a whole pile of crap here but once I was able to download this stuff last night and listen to it I thought holy crap this would make for like a nice break you know what I'm saying because we're just I'll be honest with you this is not to show where we put on a big act for you I'll be very honest we're just Biden our time till Monday and I have a theory that that's Joe's handwriting Joe Castella really check on you thanks a lot Joe always liked that little grease ball Joe Costella and by the way if anybody wants to to the website it's www.realradio.reel.reel.r eel.r realradio.com and everybody who and it's got a great thing on it where you can like do your own search for radio stations or for disjockeys or anybody who ever owned a radio is on there it's great WQAM yes sir sensational it's funny I called George last week and I was talking about the tape I had a bar KT with the burden everything right and about six months ago eight months ago I stumbled on to that REL radio like I got the idea from you when you were playing jingles wondering where you were getting from I was surfing the net stumbled on to it it was great right and I was gonna say that the A.P. I live in Orlando and I listen to them when the grease man was on asthma tapes to them and some guy said that the F or F I would have a sound by that some guy called Bill Donovan and he was the F or F how about WGBS when they were top 40 this before I came here I think that F S can well do not about that and get what are the Gary Burbank sure he's on there on some Louisville Kentucky station oh I don't like glad you mentioned Louisville Kentucky W. A.K. Y. Bill Bailey I don't want to forget to play him he's on there yeah I know that I just listened to him a little while ago I'm glad you're ready to play it it had some bit on there with Gary Burbank when he's getting ready to leave the show and some guy comes in he's all ticked off and he says I'm shooting me to a fake shooting yeah he's guy I mean somebody's gonna take the spot at two o'clock Monday and he tells us all the guy you're gonna fill in because I'm not gonna make it man but I must have been W. A.K. Y. one uh forgot what was but it's there just type in Gary Burbank or Louisville Kentucky and you'll find it okay thanks thank you see don't let me forget Bill Bailey W. A.K. Y. you know they interesting thing about him is he was he was they called him the morning mayor of Louisville I mean he really owned the market it like 99 shares and he went to W. A. K. Y. y. Y. you know mornings I guess it was after Lou Jack left and just laid the biggest egg I don't know what it was they didn't his humor didn't go over there whatever and he went back to Louisville he was in their six months I don't think it's kind of like Alex Bennett over here yeah kind of like Alex Bennett only with talent nine twenty seven at five sixty W. A. and without the life studio audience hey does this sound like you overworked underpaid yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah stuck in a crappy dead end job well here's the deal do yourself a big favor get out of that dead end and get on a real love career pick up the phone call the people at fast train at one eight six six fast train the demand for certified computer professionals has never been bigger than it is right now and fast-ranking up a team of brand new careers little is four easy months fast train at South Florida's largest certified Microsoft training center with locations all over town they're in pepper pines they're in four lotterdale they're in Miami and they're in highly congested candle fast rain offers convenient the evening weekend classes they got a full-time job placement department with over 30 years experience so if you're overworked underpaid under appreciated just a crappy dead end job working for a real piece of turd don't wait one more minute pick up the phone call fast rain at one eight six six fast train think about it in just four short months you'd be on your way to becoming a high paid computer professional and a career with great earning potential that I mentioned today by the way the Trevor kid blows take my advice and pick up the phone call fast train tool free one eight six six fast train that's one eight six fast train or check them out of that wicked wild world wild well what what whatever it is at www.fast train dot com my life and low this is for twenty five six you week how Erin's coming this Halloween scare and intimidate your neighbors with the end of coal Halloween costume it's like six feet tall and twenty two feet around and it's guaranteed to get you candy you wait a lot of candy what do you want for small cheese pizzas oh no she's getting sit on the lawn we said it through our fun and the end of the coal Halloween costume you know I'm a swathesize press on ass sold separately yeah my big fine and this is the biggest one it'll be a big really big and it's really crappy I didn't okay you people in the audio staff to check what's happening in the world because we're too everybody in the buildings all whipped up about this website I don't blame them because I just saw no well bush was sentenced and they had her there in court they were like taking a handcuffs off and putting them back on and taking them off again and doing that stuff so maybe you'll follow find a store about no well sensing things like that uh my for my as we have the great station in the rwmca which actually beat wabc for a long time and your wmc a the only problem being grown up in Rochester we couldn't hear wmca because they were like I think five thousand once and the other fifty thousand watt powerhouses they used to like boomin now somebody faxes me this police on monday night here it is Thursday but there's a reason I'm gonna use this we're questioning a thirty-eight-year-old former marine with the parents similarities to the snapper being sold out of the Washington area shootings that have left eight dead and two wounded um police said it was driving a white astrophane the same type of color of vehicle seen the most recent snapper shooting in northern Virginia and the search of the man's apartment police found an eight four uh fifteen rifle uh and a r 15 rifle shell caseings ammunition in the book about snipers news reports said now why do they keep saying on here there's no suspects you know every case we got oh oh we're questioning a lot of people we have no suspects in addition MSNBC also reported the man works for a large radio company is believed to have a territory that includes suburban Washington the police are seeking additional federal warrants in the case he works for a large radio company how do you like that all sure hope it all worked for a chair or cheap channel or something like that wouldn't be embarrassing yeah would oh see I'm sure that the beastly is that we don't well we do have that station in Philadelphia I think we still have those stations up there we dump them don't know we don't know anything about this company and you know something that's the way we like it so we had a WMC in the or to list oh I got to do the bill be anything and I have no idea how long it's gonna take for these things to oh geez oh oh like I said now I can't stop the man things are we in for that it's his stop your player and uh stop it stop it stop you maniac stop and then go back did you think I'd have any problem with this well let me click it again okay it says play it's it's lighting it's blinking bill Bailey WAKY Louisville hysterical and I might just pop up sometime between our midnight maybe not you listening you waiting wait this morning from my radio was your introduction to your 20 before the hour sports report must be 8 major reason why I was a little bit late this morning by and away I wanted to mention this morning I plan to mention this two or three times that there is the mic we're gonna have a series of soft ball games up here at St. Helen's Field and lively shybly now the first game at seven o'clock will be between Alan Hamilton and his deputy sheriffs and there's the magazine Helen's Field in shybly first game is at seven o'clock and it's for the modiacs memorial fund are you feeling well this morning must be 8 pretty fairly old he favors the one while or something I'm sure it is that a few of man all as you admittedly we've had a past few weeks this enough to cause a problem such as atmosphere yeiden let's go to work sir don't vote your life on the baby if you do I think that my oh bill for heaven's sake I'm just trying to wake I'm just gonna take me a little time this morning because I a rose late this morning if think I didn't have to rush to get to work this morning oh what you believe 99 and three quarter miles per hour 29 and it's before seven at WAKY 631 oh bonus and easy the color tile way and shop your color tile super mart today you have the time assembly didn't have the time to prepare myself a work this morning so this morning I'm not quite as neat and fresh and cute and cutely as I normally am average and test is offensive as you normally are I don't think I asked for an opinion that would you a KY Louisville the only a match really you bet your fellow it's six thirty six twenty four minus you notice how most of these guys sounded like even Ricky Tiki in coherent I don't want to say stone because that would be a bad term to use and of course we know what's his name that never used drugs back to in the sixties and seventies what that was his name with a white hair Tommy Tommy Cramer right oh yeah no relation to Billy J or Brad Cramer but never less and thanks for telling us that Tommy you sure could have fooled us thank you for facts to me by the way judge gives no well bush ten day sentence maybe that's why she had the hand cuff song no well bush was sent to ten days in the orange County jail this morning by circuit judge Reginald Whitehead the twenty five year old daughter of governor Jam Bush told the judge I sincerely apologize although Whitehead did not discuss the reason for her jailing an open court it was clear that the sanctions came as a result of a September nine incident in which a dime sized rock of crack cocaine was found in her shoe while undergoing treatment of the center for drug free living police reported Bush was accompanied by her aunt Dorothy Cook of Bethesda Maryland as well as her two attorneys she was let away in hand cuffs to be booked into the jail see I actually noticed that out of the corner my eye uh before Whitehead issued a zord of bush said judge Whitehead I sincerely apologize for what happened and I promised to do well at the center for drug free living and the judge said yeah sure anyway something like that poor bush man poor jabby you can't you smell it you can just smell the uh the aroma of the feet anyway I started to mention several minutes ago for a good distracted and it is I will say there's like a little lag that should be our worst problem when you click to when you click play on these things because they kind of fade in but the top crap so we won't be as tight as usual but I started to say that we're just kind of like fighting our time until Monday and why is that because the guy named summer book comes out on Monday oh brother and I'm gonna this building is his tight as a witch's ass you can smell the aroma the hallway I don't think he did that or most piece he's worried he's wearing that powdery one today remember that first time when I met him and I said he's got a talcum powder on he smells like cashmere bouquet remember that there must have been in the hairpiece in the two pay well no what you're laughing about the father's wear those powdered wigs you're the one that told me that he's got a different one for different days that he's got a whole collection of mine ever knew then it's true so I think I think he had a good point there in a big you try to back away from that and put it on my ass you're the one that oh under the one that was in the line green pants that was all right the checker pants they checkered pants on the golf course the vera co as a name said it was a bit of a pain in white chest colors and things like that I just that he had but anyway what about that story in Denver about the um but we not so explained what happened on the field because I don't understand any that or that it was a dirty hit against uh that often's against chambers and you got a helmet to the head and of course the guy or had this thing on at the end of the show yesterday the guy got suspended but uh and everybody's all up and arms about it was a really nasty dirty hit and chambers got a concussion so evidently after the play took place and during the next time outer break and action whatever something happened somebody went into the replay booth screaming and yelling and demanding that somebody be ejected from the game you know and instead they got ejected from the replay booth as in who are you what are you doing here and get the hell out of here oh do do do do do do yeah was it anybody we know do do do do do yes oh now i see this is um me oh yeah oh yes now we're not gonna put these on air because we can't put every rock station there were top 40 station in the country on there from like marginal markets but here's a uh fact suit is as I lived in lancing Michigan the locals there were W. J. I. M. W. I. L. S. there was a disjockey and W. I. L. S. there was Eric uh when i was at Michigan State. Eric uh something but there was another gene healing no relation to Glenn he Lee formerly school he we could use him by the way hey Glenn suit up uh gene healing i know that doesn't mean anything new but he was very good he was excellent alright now i'm just owner that was these are the days when there was personality radio baby when it was fun but it was at you freaking in and he was a lot better in Richard I'm sorry Rick now Rick is okay he's uh survivor he's been in a market for 72 years he's almost as old as moa I'm here and but anyway this fact should be doing well reminding me about W. J. M. and W. L. S. when you're right about that we enjoyed listening to them in lancing of course when you're drinking all that mice to brawl a time you enjoy listening just about anything you know it says how about W. O. W. from Cocombo indeed and a well crr c Where you do look good on the lancing once but W. O. W. W. O. is onmus masked and it was not in Cocombo was in Fort Wayne Indiana 119 Dion the dial limo how I knew that tough first of all he used to have the Fort Wayne Ultimately IS college e Games on there now nobody give a crap about the fort Wayne high mind our lo Plaque team but they used to be on there and he used to be a really big top 41 is station and it was right next to eleven eighty which was w-h-a-n-rachester dial eleven eighty w-h-a-m one of the most boring stations in history yeah it's just uh... boring station but right next to it was eleven ninety see back in those days you would turn you know you'd go from one fifty thousand one ten twenty was c-a-k-d-k-n-pitsburg ten thirty was uh... w-b-z-e-l-h-a-k-k-v-in-pitsburg put that on l-s-d-rach-k-k-u-v see it's easy to leave out of pitsburg because pitsburg well that kind of that aroma you know although the penguins want to get last night gee at two bad we can't get those hockey scores on a morning show you know cuz gildy's under tremendous amount of pressure all i think about that kid wise being said back down to the miners again a lot of panther news a lot of a history a lot of all kinds of stuff going on but you won't hear about it in the morning on this station because hockey sucks that's what somebody said nine forty two five sixty w-d-k-u-m that's what he said he said hockey sucks go to the school you're going to be right following the beast right down the hall behind Carolyn behind everybody else i get fired out of this guy damn studio time layman hall at pania they got a lot of stories about the morning show here they long they pine for the days of the old first time time limit love that show in fact you know here in Joe rose on your yesterday's always refreshing man dog will be back today but here in jolana is always a breath of fresh air huh in fact it made me long for those days when Joe was in a building during the morning hours anyway no tricks in Halloween this year from time layman and hall at pania just treats announcing a great zero percent hall away in the event going on right now at hall at pania that's correct with a proof credit from gma c gets zero percent financing up to sixty months on all two thousand two pania can gms models and select two thousand three's or take a rebate of up to four grand and here's even more good news no payments for ninety days how do you like them apples check out the complete line while you had hell of those great gms uv's including the envoy voted by motor trend is this uv the year and the all new pania vime suv that big gutsy vibe that's got the power of a big gutsy sports car it affected the price and there's always that big dependable selection of great use car truck's SUV's no lemons on the lot and if you're worried about your credit if it's a little on a marginal side even if it's on a really bad side have no fear because hellable cut you kneel and get you to a great new or use dependable vehicle it's the great zero percent Halloween event going on right now at halapadi at one thirty four one south dixie highway that's u s one how to congested u s one right across from the falls open every day seven days a week don't forget they're still saying it we're still trying to find out why and halapadi at gmc we are professional stay at the local this is fiveetz lever spot not good it's great underlies with your origins I'm gonna leave the crumbly little what you'd be doing You ask your black head, look at what's the style Is you day because you were at home, but you'd be home Is you gonna black head and jump my mirror, who's this smart? Does they lack how you sound that shoes from the leans of the way you wash and park the whiteest cars There's all the juniors and they trust you, but completely through the law And the allies of the greedy oil law But then he make you in all the whiteest bathrooms Jesus Christ, the hypocrisy, the toilet and then scrub the floor They tell you, don't waste their nose, God will you throw You'll go and keep going, they'll make them all over the region You'll not be naked, look you slide, it'll be very cold If you'll be what you'd be, that's all you'd do When they while you be fit in fact, it's maybe that That they're treating you just like your is the road That when your head will move from side to side, from the leans of the poor Sheds from it, they be crack on asshole, oh, there I'm 49 on the great Thursday here at 5.60 WQIM I'm adding to the list, Eric, just in case you're paying attention to KQV in Pittsburgh And WRKO in Boston, how could we let that out? And somebody faxes me by the way, 68 WRKO in Boston, great tap 40 Station in the 70s, early 80s, till I met a talk, till Jerry Williams took over All star line of Dale Dorman, amazing Johnny Dork And that's our Johnny Dork, you know there have been many rich shaws, many Johnny Dorks But this was our Johnny Dorks It mid days at RKO, Harry Nelson, the exciting Mike Adams when I never heard of He has even my mom on a turkey during Thanksgiving from Johnny Dorks Thanks, Johnny, thanks for reminding us about the great WRKO Could be a long wisdom, they both tell us wrong with that I'll see the only problem I said with this thing is I clicked a thing And what's this effects about men, do we care about men? No, they've facts all the time, like the rabbi and these people Right now, 50 degrees and the cloudy in New York, world news next On WNB, on WAVZ, this is Bob Kapers That will judge and Memphis throughout arguments from Tennessee prison officials who claim that Playboy magazine would increase homosexuality among the inmates This is ABC contemporary radio Now, the most using on WAVZ, New York WAVZ, Danny Dorks, go go go Alright, that was John Meyer, joining me You're always counting on John for all hot news Two minutes of bill about gasoline mileage And a story about homosexuality and prison as a relationship of consumption of playboy So it's good to know that something, you know, when something really fantastic and And necessary to know when the lightning is happening, my head's there Or somewhere else I didn't notice though, either he's wearing one brown and one black cheater I've got up in the wrong side of the bed You're on bed too, I think, you're a huge bitch You're a f***er You're f***ing your faces, here's the face himself Okay, that's enough of Dan, Danny Dan and Grim Somebody, if I can't say, you know, listen to the K-Morning scene Lewis used to boom in the far, farce, North Arkansas, home of the Los Blos That's correct Dan Kelly, I'm K-Morning, Terry, Terry with Cardinals The only thing I'm Jack Buck, Western piece, the only thing I'm wondering though Did K-Morning play top 40 ever? I don't know about that I thought that K-Morning was always like kind of like a newsy and Sportsy and, huh? I don't know I don't know Somebody laughed to call another snoker, because I did listen to K-Morning I was always at night and always with sports They had Harry Curry doing singles, a university, Billkin's, the Billkin basketball games Which at that time when Harry came by Murphy's Blasters in Chicago And I reminded him about that and he gave me a blank look like He said So anyway, we got WRKW added to list, this list will eventually get up on it As soon as we hear the set of were finished, okay, another four or five days WKWM K-M, hello Hello Yes sir Yes, yes I am. I'll give you a brief story Let me finish it When we were younger here in Miami, we used to cruise around on Miami Beach Had those old radios and We'll take the dial and you can tune into the station That you could pick up late at night And a couple of years later I get chipped out to Vietnam And we used to fly these night missions High over the jungle, etc. With a similar technology that we're using today for this sniper club The point I want to make is that one station we could always get over there You know because of the skip wave on the radio signal We could always get WLS in Chicago Right And no matter where we were in the nighttime, we were flying And doing this stuff it was pretty interesting So I thought I'd mention that Okay, thanks That's my story Thank you, great station Okay, let me just say there's a thing on this website Where it says return to the repository and you can like do a search and audio search Let's see WLS Right So I just type in WLS And there's a whole list John records land decor Well here's Bill Bailey at WLS in Chicago Now you probably don't want to hear any more Bill Bailey do you? No, I would love to hear more Bill Bailey Yeah, no you wouldn't He was great though He was very fun and Tom and Paul Collins WQXY Atlanta Dick Wilson WLCY Tampa St. Pete What the hell does this have to do with what I'm looking for? Huh? What it all gives a crap about Atlanta radio Well, probably somebody does You think I clicked on a wrong thing there? I don't know Well we'll do it through in a break Hey don't forget Joanne Jo Castello on Mike's heartlamentated this afternoon 4-6 of the publics at 1305 University Driving Cruel Springs Thopped by the wind prices The usual crap that we give away to him because we have a little budget We're bunch of cheap passes And register to what a pair of tickets to the homestead And you know, I mean, speedway November It kind of breaks your heart when you hear Ricky Tickie doing all those Talkups on his old QM tapes And you realize that we actually give away like big prices back then Like five dollars and sixty cents stuff like that So I guess this even when I had other owners This was always a cheap skate place At least on the AM side on the FM side We pay fortunes to try to force people to listen to that crap WLCY Tampa St. Pete That doesn't that kind of like make you want to listen like a few seconds of it A couple of seconds? No? A second? Well, it's Dick Wilson WLCY 1966 Which I do remember WLCY and it was the big rocker over there Wasn't it? Well, the night 72, high weapons, they night eight They were just strongly wins from South West Rally eight miles per hour Humidity 56% Mark the Mercury 888 88 degrees in the wide and wonderful Clareland, from Communications Center, Radio 138, Leadership News A feature of the WLCY radio department took public affairs Instance information Whoop Radio 138 award winning Operation News A registered feature of WLCY radio Oh, how happy you have made me but the shades blue and WLCY ABC TV is really active The guy is coming to tell you A second in the song and smoke Hi, this is EMALITY I invite you to see one of the greatest lineup of stars ever to appear in one show in the state of Florida All in person Look, I said Florida Radio pretty boring, you know what I'm saying? 956 at 560 WQAM WLCY We're supposed to be in 560 UAM Oh, hey, come out With some crack In her shoe And some tan-x in her purse She's the right-skank governor's daughter Who resembles after birth She knows that dad is the girl So if she breaks the law, will that stop? If they none either got him business So just keep your big mouth shut When it comes to family values A prime example for all of you Great nothing like the morals of the good bushman Please show it to the friends in her shoe No other foot powder will do It takes your feet for the tingling dad and so do Come on, you big dance And strike his foot He'll beat a friend He'll kick the ass He'll kick the ass Then I'll want it 560 WQAM I'm right These things are like, you know, there you go It might just have to come up there, you think? Count five, four, three, two, one Here we go Five, four, three, two, one You're here, you're here, you're here Three, three, three, three On here, you're from you Alice Chemilini I can't bear Twirling Twirling You fill it Go but you 아직 head to爸爸 All are your teamed too Wonder Doll W aufge W W W W W I guess me goose bumps baby. Here's one says don't forget and I won't put them on there. Here's to more for Eric. This will be a list of about 6,000 stations, you know? Isn't amazing that there are so many detunes from these were all great radio stations as opposed to like, both of the swelts on your radio and almost of the crap, they, oh, W-O-R and W-N-B-C-N-E, or a cock-a-way for get that. And both of Brian will be impressed because you know who used to work once upon a time at W-O-R, our lean Francis. His favorite. So Johnny Dark is working at kiss, are you smitten me? Nope, had to verify it, and it's true. Johnny Dark is doing after no one's to the seven on kiss, he's done on his weekends. Oh weekends, or I see two to the seven weekends, and he's kissing it, that's what I'm hearing. And filling and filling, he's wearing his toffat. Well, let's talk to Thomas Brian. Bob, you can get dizzy from playing to many of them. And then we got the C-KLW1s. We got Bob Green. Both Bob Green, they used to work here at Q-A, and then when he went to K-N-D-Troy. We were that. That he was a PD at K-N-D-Troy. Well, there we go. We got so many Bob Green's. We got Bob Green, that little weasel used to be an IOD, of course. My good close personal friend is still working. Cooking up deals behind the scenes with Cheryl. They're cooking up something. And then we have the Bob Green that used to be an IOD, Brian's husband. Back in those, an IOD, gay bashing, which hunting days and late 70s. And then, of course, we found out that her husband, former husband, Bob Green, had boyfriends up in Orlando. Oh, right. Yeah, we found that out. A little bit too late, I guess. We found it out. Not that I made a difference. And then, of course, there was the real Bob Green that used to work right here at this radio station right in this chair. One in this? No, no. Fact word, how was QAM? Is this individual studios? Yeah, there certainly wasn't in that trailer. No, nobody, right, mine would have worked in it. In fact, Ricky wouldn't even brought his cap into that place. That sounds like an investigative project. And let's find out where the old WQM used to be. Back when it was a real radio station, back in the glory days, man. Back when it was real glory to be on this radio station, as opposed to having a bunch of perverts drilling, glory holes in the T-room, which is what we have now. Where's all my jingles by? Oh, it's under QAM isn't it? All the jingles we got the real ones? We could play some of those all, quite frankly. Five six, oh, WQM. We can't sell. We can't sell. We can't sell. By heavy. Number one. I'm doing this. Now, here's one that says all inspiring Pam's WLS news intro. And I think I listened to this already in quite frankly. See, similar to real radio groupies like the guys that put this website together, they get a little bit over and pressed with like news intros and things like that. I think you're going to be disappointed. But at any rate, it's coming. Right. Sir, you were at the phone. I'm not going to rep it. I agree. It was pretty odd. It's not like that update, but we got here at QAM the one that goes like that for about two and a half minutes. That was awe-inspiring. When you think the McAllister hotel in luxurious Miami Beach. Was that at work QAM used to be? Over on the beach. Well, I'll be goddanned. And in fact, we probably have like some old WCKR jingles to in here. Now, what tell us this? WLS Boogie check. I wish that all these things would fire right off, you know, like real quick. So I didn't have to sit here like vamp and fart around. You know, just press the goddamn tini. And of course, watch here some of a Bruce Bradley and WBC who hated the music. By the way, I should point that on. Anybody remember Bruce Bradley? No. Too bad. He also worked in Fili, I think. WIBG. WIBG is not a lesson. We're probably leaving some Fili stations out because I just never lived there. Who do we know from Philadelphia, anybody? I mean WIBG was huge, huge, but it seems to me that I don't know what station Alan Fried was on back during the Payola scandals in those days. We'll find out. WQAM. Hey, is this George? Yes. Hey, George. I wasn't letting you know being in native here. I'm not in the car anymore. The old QAM was on 41st Street. I thought God would be wrote in Miami Beach. Wow. And that's how long ago was that? Through the 60s in a good part of the 70s and that I remember I moved away from Miami Beach by the early 80s. So I don't know if it was still there. But that's where you used to be. Okay. Thanks. You're welcome. See you. Let's see. Here's a fact from Bill who says who the hell does Mr. David did into the thing he is. I thought Rick Ralli was the world's most obnoxious hypocrisy. But this old geezer with two first names might just be swiping the trophy right out of Rick's greasy ferret jerking pause. I'll play by playing out who's supposed to be a relatively unbiased party, simply calling me as a progresses, leaving the extraneous comments to his in this case very capable color commentator. All right. For some of the simplifices, God's gift to radio. It's way beyond the boundaries of good taste. Much less professionalism to attempt to force his opinion about the playing status of a football player upon those officiating the game. He's going to show Miami how to do a talk show. He's going to tell Sister Mary Madditch who's going to talk and when to shut up. He's going to fire George just because he's stupid. And now he's going to tell the NFL how to run their enterprise. Let me tell you better know his place in a station, Mr. because he sure doesn't. How do you like that? Sign Bill. Well, I guess it's kind of like amateur Bridgestender. Thank you, Bill. He says no mobile bits. Oh, lots of mobile bits. How is that CD doing? Looks like we're at the mobile like hotcakes. Now in that they obviously sell on you. Oh man. This is a little bit almost much like work today. You know it as opposed to just reading them. Dumb bedtime stories. But a lot more fun. Now let's see. Did I play that? What I guess we'll do a next thing WBC in Boston. By the way, WINS. WINS 1010. Well, New York. WINS. Thank you. Get that on here. His Erica. I'm calling him during the breaks with all of these things to make sure. But he's right in the rough than him a lot today. You know, and he might lose an answer to. But I doubt it. Remember I've talked about eating and talking of the same time. He puts me to shame as what I'm hearing. I'm I'm telling you can he like two or three breakfasts while he's like communicating with you about the poll. That's the rumor from his lovely Japanese wife. That's what she told me. How is the as he got it up there yet or not? Because he didn't don't have to. He's holding on to it. He's holding back. Hold him back because the phone's are ringing off the hook on this thing. We're doing screenless by the way because George's on strike he won't answer your stupid calls. I don't even have that thing up. No, no. We're not so freaking about that. We'll get to the point. What would be the poll? There wouldn't be any point. Plus I got to take a leak real bad. Real bad. I'm in it's after 10 at 5 60 WQM. Hey, if maybe somebody took a leak on your mattress. That's a good lead in, huh? No, seriously, there are things that happen. You know, sometimes things seep out. We don't want to go into what it all might be. But anyway, after a certain amount of time, actresses get kind of funky. You know what I mean? I get like, that's it. Let's get rid of that thing. It smells bad. And got only knows what's been going on on that thing. So let's get a great new mattress from our good friends at telematres and sleep in great comfort. That's what it's all about as far as you're back and where you feel all the time in your health. If your back is out of sorts, probably you're not getting a good night sleeper, right? So call dialometres right now. And by tonight, you could be sleeping like in a whole different world with a smile on your push. Call 1-800 mattress like I always do. We get the ultimate freedom of brand name choice from the top makers in the universe. Surt a silly Simmons King coil. And exactly the mattress you're looking for is in stock right now. I personally guarantee it or we'll give a Georgia what they are as Soviets. And of course, their prices exceptionally low every day prices. Not just some stupid sale once in while that they then give you a bait and swishing. Give you some you didn't want the first place. Every day on V2 below prices too. And as far as delivery is concerned, the greatest duty you've ever heard of in your life. You'll pick the day any day the week seven days week to two hour window, noon to two, one to three, two, fourteen to four, fourteen. Whatever might be when it's convenient for you when you're going to be home and they'll be there. And they'll take away that crappy smelly old bedding and such you have a great new name brand mattress. It's an unbeatable deal all the way around. And then on top of that, you have 30 days to test it out. Make sure it's the one that's right for you and your back. So pick up that phone right now and do your mattress shopping the smart way. By calling the experts at dial-a-mactress 1-800-MATT-T-R-E-S or check them on that web at macros.com. Back to the pumpkin patch. As the world's greatest star awaits the return of the world's greatest pumpkin. It's the great pumpkin James Brown. It's TV's pumpkin E-Poreny O'Flavery. Wilbur, great pumpkin finally visit James this year. Join Soul Brethren number one and his friends for the funkees Halloween Ever. It's the great pumpkin James Brown. Good sweet. I feel good. That's 16 to 5.60. Do you have any of you here? Here's another old guy. How are you doing, son? Oh, I'm doing just great. Never better. Yeah. Oh, gee, hold on. You won't believe it. Oh, Hornet just flew in the kitchen. Go, Ale. Is this an old man? Yeah, I think it means something. That's interesting. What are you guys doing? Anything? Oh, I'm making a place-match-out of a loose cat here. It's Rick is hurting sheep and he's got a loom and making his own clothes. Oh, yeah, he finally thought his calling. It sounds like him. Yeah. But no, nothing. I'm really getting sick and tired of it. I'm bored and I'm getting pissed off. Yeah. Maybe you need to get a new dish. Get to the finds and new channels. Uh, that might, uh, screw the stuff I do. Yes, price up your life just a little bit. It's just me and turner-clatic movies all day long. There you go. What more could you want? I got a couple of stations for him. Oh, West might hope you out. Uh, KOL and KJR both in Seattle. Oh, damn things, radio's. I'll see. I never live there. KJR and our Eric better be putting these down. Okay, because this is a man who knows his radio and once worked it in a long time ago. KJR and KOL. Yeah. Excellent. Did you get the WFIO in Philadelphia? Oh, yeah. WFIO. Very good. And WMX Boston? That's under. Oh, isn't it? In fact, there's some- I'll remember to play later. There's an Arne Ginsburg clip on this website. Yeah. You ever check this website out? You know, and I- and I'm sorry, George. But you know, it's not a personal year with George, but you know, I passed this site on to him at least three years ago to get- Oh, I forgot. Yeah, but you see, if you went into the three years ago, but I already done this show and I wouldn't have anything to do with it. If we were paid time story. So it's- There's a- there's a- by the way, there's an old WFIO in newscast on there that is just a killer. With bells and sirens and odd cheese, it was just ridiculous, but it was funny or no. And there's also another bit on that website called just nine. You ever heard that? No. It's kind of like a parody of radio, of frightening up everything to the point where, finally, the only thing anybody says is nine. Really? Yeah. My Robert G. Brooklyn. Yeah. Yeah. So you just find nine in that certain- and there in that little pop right up. Okay, great. So, listen, I got to run now. Okay, you don't want to miss- well, we're in a snippy. Okay. Take you, say, out of pan. Yes, I will. And Rick, if you must. Okay. See ya. I'll see ya. So that's Coleman from Rick and Sides, Vaughan, what a shame. Nice guys. Well, Rick, Rick was, you know. Now, Rick's okay, and his own bizarre. And we get into this. We get started again, and you go into the novel because you're real pussy. And you don't want to do anything. I don't have any problem with Rick. Rick is just kind of a gay who, okay, keeps trying to kill his kids. No. No, they're doing a fine job on the show. I got obsessed with it. Cheerleading wife now. I'm trying to figure out, was the second wife that cheerleading wife? Yes. So that was very similar to the packs and experience. The former stripper, Karen Bornigan, Christian, that gave buddy Bud religion. I got him to be, at least on the surface of religious nut, even when we said, ah, it's all about to issue that. He told me that. And then we got Rick who used to be a real, a pervert and entered in a real goody two shoes because of his cheerleading born again, Christian wife, right? Something like that. Even was kids turned out to be real hell raises. He would be kind on the other one. My dear, he is, she just awakened stuff that was already inside. By the way, will tell Pete Bolder, a special high for you, Suds. Hey, Pete. Two for you for the price of one. Here's what it says. Check out the, www.erchecksfactory.com. They've got old DJs, tapes, even roby young. Oh, I can't wait to hear roby young. Huh? I'm a favorite. I bet you're on this, ah, geez. Just where my tennis elbow was getting better again too, with the ice. And I just, I want to be a wonderful next time. Now, there's a Ricky Tickie one on here. It is a roby one in boy. Rick and he are the aqua, peller roby younger would make, give me goosebumps in my groin. Wonderful. Another winner on 5th, we don't double use this again. It gets red. Oh, we got the whole history of WQM. Where did we get this? The QM website? www.560.com. Wow, not our website, somebody else's. 560.com? Yes. And it, no, it's not the current QM website, obviously, because it's much to good for that. But it's got the whole history of WQM, which I think I'm going to get into a little bit of this sunshine wireless, purchased the station in 85. But what they have much of great robbers, ah, that was the two live Jews. Yeah, those guys made, they made these people look like a fast pay is what those people were. And then sold it to Beesley broadcasting in 96th, the current owner is, ah, must be a robber. Robber. Robber. Robber. He's still dead by the woman with a man in my. Yeah. On WQM. Toow. 1021 at 560, it's celebrate radio day. I'm not really sure why, but why not? I'm enjoying it. Everybody around here is running around, sun's calls in. This is more fun than we've had since, uh, you got your bonus check six months ago. Or 10 months, whenever it held was. Now we all caught up right. Yes. And then, of course, Monday will find out if any of us are going to be getting the next bonus check. That's the pressure is going to be building like I said. You can smell it here. Where's Bruce Bradley? Is he coming up? WBC, that was a great station man. When I lived in Boston. I don't know. But, approximately roughly in the city. It's, after I have 60 categories outside and Boston too. Kindle up too. And even last thing, I was going to Bruce Bradley two day show. Alba. It's over 10 tonight. Right like, if you want to sit in my school. We know. Sounds like Bob Lincoln. We're going to take a last biggest thing. I came to Brazil. It was presently out up to the easy. It's spectacular. 60. Oh, it's called. Viva Las Vegas. It's never 10. Cut a lot of the bleach boys. Next after we break your eyes. More than half the people in Massachusetts have blue cross blue shield. Or right. Blue cross blue shield. Or this station today. I think I play it pretty song. He beat in this music. And every one of these songs I was doing. And we're spin swingers. The beat for our summer far. You. You. You. You. You. You. Now we're in baby. Try to make those adding. As the beat for us. I'd love to be easily outless. Fake sack of your 64 was never never ever ever ever. And unsuccessful song. The top three songs coming along after Bradley and Billy J. Cramer. Did that make you want to know why? I'll be listening that earlier. But nevertheless, this little psychic connection there ain't there? No. Let's see. WDQM was also downtown. May be 1554 to 56. Give or take more muscle. Did you mention WGTO or WOCN? WOCN? What's that? I don't know. Ocean. WGT. I think that was in Dayton, Ohio. Wasn't WGTO? Dayton, Ohio. I think that was in Dayton, Ohio. Wasn't WGTO? Dayton, Ohio. Yeah. Like I've been to Dayton? No, no, I'm not saying that. But if you ever lived in the Midwest, which I did, Dayton, Ohio, what was one of those with a good signal? You'd hear it at night. WGT. Oh. Oh, then of course, there was that song by the hand. The handbells. Did they do a little GTO? I think so. Doesn't it post of the stand-outs who did dirty water? See, this is all bad, now I'll see. And then I'm going to go back to that one hit. Wonder stuff again. And I won't have time for no bad. Bad, bad ridden stories. Oh, right. That's bad. But that'll give me a chance to get my piled built up here. There's nothing like having your piled building up. That's what motors will be this morning. Sean and Hollywood is a chronic fancier, but a pretty good one. Usually pretty dependable, reliable guy. He says, last time I was in Pittsburgh, I tuned into KDK and heard Rush Limbaugh 510. Yes, see, that's the sad part of all these big 50,000-mod powerhouse stations. Now they're all running the same syndicated crap. If I knew where to get explosives, I'd suicide bomb their transmitters screaming, long live Ed and Wendy King. Now let's see who else used to be on KDK. That was a guy on at night. I know he was out overnight, but I worked in Sarasota. I used to hook up with his guy doing his show. He used to put me on the air from Sarasota and was. Forrest, Jack Wheeler. And everybody I've talked to when the business had Jack Wheeler was like a Bwindle and like that, like a wacko, which I'm sure he's dead. Fadass Limbaugh Sean says on the birthplace of radio that he'll hear it is reached Cordick Jag, Bogot, Art Palants, John Signe, O'John Signe. Who I believe once upon a time working in Lansing, Michigan, and WLS, I think. Perry Marshall, Roy Fox and the great Uncle Ed Chonices, met a fact John Maher was doing the news in W ABC and that Dan Ingram thing I played before, John Maher used to do the news of Keener in Detroit and before that at WKFR, Keener in Battle Creek. And I think he once drank water out of a creek. That's what Tommy Thompson told me. PS in the 70s it says the best top 40 station was 13QWKTQ featuring Don Cox. Are you ready for that? Don, Kine. Art. Especially for those who want to hear the night's the night's light once out in Georgia seven times an hour. Speaking of KQV, the word around the campfire is that former hipster Jim Quinn has become so right wingy makes Limbaugh look like Pete Seeger, what a drag it's getting old. Okay, thank you Sean. Remember that song? What a drag it is getting old. Yeah. WGTO. I don't know. I don't think I'm going to put that on. There although I'm sure was probably pretty good. Huh? Was it stone song? What was? That's right. And what if it just makes old wrinkled up dead? British, some of them dead British. One and then, yeah you're right. Anyway, what they're all I'm doing here. I was going to queue up that Arne Ginsberg thing, but I'll get to it after the break. So much pressure. So little time. You know what? Like I said, this is almost too much like work. I'm sure that there's some people out there. Do we rather hear the big time stories? We want to hear you bash bush again. Don't worry. We got plenty of time. We got two days less three weeks until the election. Guess who my mother's going to vote for. Well, of course, that would be in any case. Same way. She went to vote the primary and September 10th. And was going to vote for Bill McBride. And over there in Hollywood, she went to 30 in the morning. And they vote over there in the clubhouse. And the condo compost. And the people were even older than she is, which I guess she's a teenager. And that building, the people are like in their 110s. We weren't ready yet. We haven't got these. They haven't figured a machine does. So she went home for God about it. She was going to go going all the way back. Taking that two minute walk all the way over to the clubhouse again. And a father voting. And it's a damn good thing. He didn't lose by one vote. Ma, I'll tell you that right now. Are you to have some real real bad crap on your conscience? If poor Bill McBride would have lost by one vote. 10, 27 at 5, 60, WQM is there still. Anybody with a brain out there who's not playing at VIP Sportsburg.com. Well, let me tell you right now. If that's the case in your life, you're missing out on a really great sportsport. You could be plunging in safety and in greed. You hear a lot of ads these days. We need to do some research before you put your cash down at some unstable third world sportsport. Like save it around Flagress Street. Let me help you out VIP Sportsport.com is the only book to be an endlessly endorsed by Needless to watch dogs. They're Dutch based all Halleluia and one of the first online sportsports in the world. So if you go on a world of a lifetime, you want to be hooked up with the best sports book. Go and make sure you get your cash. VIP Sportsburg.com. And with the football season, just absolutely in his sterical full force. You better be with the best, which is VIP Sportsburg.com. Open an account online. You get you that 15% cash on a phone. Don't forget they offer you the highest probably out in the world. Up to 2000 to 1. So get hooked up with VIP Sportsburg.com and play it a book with some real class. Call 1, 866 VIP Bets. That's 1.86 VIP BETS. Or like I said, sign up online to get that 15% bonus that discount. Call VIP Sportsburg.com where you are the VIP. My life and local. We're sports radio 560's you. You a yeah. Don't have a penis. I'm born. Yeah, me too. Hey kids, how would you like to go somewhere fun for vacation? Yeah. A place that's made for the whole family. Yeah. Well, get ready for Snoop Dogg. Doggy land. Oh, yeah. Right, the drilling drive by Shoudhara and the low rider. Mary go round. It's just so much fun. Head over to Gangland for Biggie Smalls World. Biggest Limo run. Oh, run. Kick out Snoop Dogg's corn roll or coaster. Cock-tarket rain. Every Tuesday is got to go to get in 3 days. Ask about our golden platinum chain all day passes. This is the best vacation at a whole world. Yo, come ride the ride at your new land. That's where it's at. Are you? You know what I'm saying? Okay, 1032. This thing's gonna start planning a second. I think I hope I pray. Well, I thought maybe I could clever there. See there. The city police are looking for a loan-bended who hit a vols cargo truck for $55,000. 80% of which was cash. It's down to Miami. The Coast Guard reports 44 Cuban refugees. Our feared debt is the result of a boat being swamped by hurricane ideas in the Florida's Greats. The search continues in the old Kalanational Forest for two young women who disappeared last Sunday while on a picnic. The next time. Baltimore Orioles hope to make it three and a row when they play the Los Angeles Dodgers in the third game of the world. Surrey. The odds makers give the Orioles the nod at five to seven. The Dodgers are starting their hopes with left-hand or clawed Osteen. White-hand or Willie Bunker will be on the mound for the Orioles. We'll see you at the end. You know, there's ahead of much more music. Look for a part of Lake Clear Sky's the highest Saturday and near 88 Lowes 75. Phil Hayes W. Batfuel and New Central. Now for New Casti Rain. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next time. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The next. The. The day he drank a glass of sleep, I think the joy is on the way of sleep. The time when there's almost no pain. I'll move my life, you're all sure. This journey I've been, all sure. As much as a part of Chicago, I'm always with you, tell me to see myself. You're a fucking seeer. All right, right in the middle of the day, what a frequency, a 1000. You see the white sauce game's Bob Elson, WCFL. It was a great station for about an hour. Actually, I don't think they did all that great. They went up against WLS. I just don't think they ever did that great as a top 40 station. What the hell do I know? 560, before we take any more calls or anything more, we're putting WDRC in Hartford on their cruise. Duff came in and jumped around and went nuts. No, you didn't. But he said TIC was 50,000 watts, but they weren't like the big dominant top 40 station Hartford. It was WDRC. I said, well, I'll leave you. I'll leave that up to you. What do I know from Hartford? You know? Who the hell cares about freaking Hartford? What I'll do respect, you know? I mean, he lived there in that area somewhere. He lived somewhere. Rick and Suss were on in Hartford. Were they really? They were on in Seattle? Yes, they were. I was in Hartford. What station were they on in Hartford? Why didn't jazz? What he called me before he could totally what station they run in Hartford? How did he call back? Probably WDRC. Who called you on a bat line and told you he's not doing anything anyway? That was depressing, you know? Just sitting around. Watching TV and of course he seen all the reruns of those old or these seen all the flipper reruns a million times by now. And all those other cornball shows he likes. The monsters. He seen all of those 4,000 times. And he ought to be on the air somewhere. Like part time, like you're doing the summer time or something. I'm sorry. Well, that's right, it's not in fact such. I know he calls him pretends to be your friend when you know you're chatting with him off the air. But the fact of the matter is he's really waiting till Monday. He'll get a good answer. What? You can't pay the rent with friendship. That's right. He mentioned that to me very quietly. You weren't listening. So anyway, WQAM Alice Branigan writes in January of 1923. The Department of Commerce issued a broadcasting license to the Electrical Equipment Company 42 North West 14 fourth street in Miami. The auto and radio sales slash service company was owned by WWLUS. His new station WQAM was authorized to operate with 250 watts. Almost as much as we got now. On 833. 833. Whoever heard of a frequency that ended, you know, like a odd number. QAM was the southernmost broadcast station in the US. This is 1923. That's almost 80 freaking years ago. No wonder it's almost the end here. For whatever reason within a few brief months, WQAM had cut its power back to a hundred watts. In those days, the government was driving stations crazy by constantly. We organizing their frequency assignments. This was the Department of Commerce's inept attempt at dealing with a rapidly expanding service to government regulations governing, but although government regulations governing, what is it? Though regulations governing broadcasting were virtual non-existent. By early 24, the government relocated QM to 1140. But by July, they again ordered to move to a thousand, just like WCFL in Chicago, a thousand. But at the end of 24, the station had been told to shift to 1120. Only to be sent back to 1140 in July of 25. By that time, QM was calling itself the pioneer broadcast station of Florida. Oh, yeah! He's a tiger! His name is Rick Shaw! Stations were not universally placed with their newly mandated frequency reassignment. During this period of no radio regulation was a common practice. For stations to ignore federal assignments, and simply use their own favorite channels. As a matter of fact, we're moving to 940 tomorrow. Because the cheap channels ruled that frequency. Did we ever put INZ on her or not? No, we didn't. No. Well, nobody ever called and said, oh, yeah, that used to be very big here. I don't know. Let's see. This, the number 25, QM reportedly jumped to the unauthorized frequency of 1050, which also used to be a CHU and Toronto and WM GM in New York, and then WHN. Using one kilowatt, those still authorized for 1140 with 100 watts. You're following that? They moved to 1050 using a thousand watts. Although they were authorized for 1140 on the hour with 100 watts. Oh, okay. Yeah. Well, lots of difference. QM was still my only year-round broadcaster because WIMBF shut down during the summer. Not that it was a seasonal town or horse and buggy place. It's almost enough to make me want to play that thing with Jean Syster Jean, the radio machine or whatever name was, but not quite. In the spring of 1927, the newly formed FCC assigned WDQM to 930, got me been all over the dial. And still got a crappy signal. Promitting the station robbery with 750 watts. By November QM was shifted to 780, and I'm getting ahead it to his read and this in late 28 KM was moved to 1240. By early 29, the new license C became the Miami broadcast in company that increased part of a thousand months and moved the studios to Miami's postal building, 327 northeast 1st Avenue. The Western Electric transmitter was relocated to the 15th floor of the WDQM board building, 600 Viscayne Boulevard. When these changes were completed, WDQM shifted its top position to 560. In January of 32, QM's transmitter was moved at the top of the Miami Daily news building, and 38 was again moved to the Waters-Ajid Viscayne 14th street, where a new 224 foot self-supporting, Blah-nox vertical towers installed. The station slogan became the voice of tropical America. In 1941 WQM received a permit to increase its daytime power to 5,000 watts, and this was completed. And of course, you know, we can go 50,000 watts. That's what Greg told me when he sucked me in the coming over to this horseball place. We can go 50,000. I said, yeah, chickens can pee too, but nobody told him to lift their leg. And you know, we did lift his leg right up in the air. In 1947, a new 384 tall, Lehigh, self-supported vertical radiating in 10 towers installed on a peer extended out in the Viscayne, Bay of 1425, northeast Bay Shore Court, just out of the Venetian causeways, Miami Terminus. In 1949, QM Studios moved to sweet 1723 in the Alfred I dup on building a downtown Miami, and 56th station was sold at Todd's stores, mid-content and broadcast in company later we known as the stores broadcast, and coming to that's what it was in its heyday. The studio's an office has been moved in 62 to the Mesinean Floor of Miami's McAllister hotel as 40,000 people appointed out to us. A permit was also we should that year to change the transmitter side. In 65, the station's main studio was relocated to 767-41th Street, Miami Beach. The studio's ran there till 85 and they were relocated to 9881 Sheridan Street in Hollywood in early 88. Oh, that must be the trailer they're talking about to dump. That's sewer. That toilet, the red and festeted bug and festeted is the Humper used to say. Boy, it's 9881 Sheridan Street where your dog wouldn't go in there. I'll tell you that right now, the transmitter was moved away from New sight in your Miami. And I convinced A.M. stereo operation. Worst stereo? We're in stereo? It's not no mode. This is what it says here. The old 5K Continental transmitter was put up for sale. QM had been running your country music format, but in 90, the station added oldies and sports talk. Sporthole talk. The country music format was dropped that was continued over the FM outlet Kiss, where Johnny Dark is doing weekends 2 to 7 at Boko Ratone. Oh, you know something, I realized that Kiss is in Boko. I thought they were right down the street here. There. There. They are what? Right down the street. So what does that mean in Boko Ratone? The oldies music lasted till 93 when the format was changed to all sports and the station became known as Sports Radio 560. In mid 96, the station law with Kiss became the property of the Sunshine Wireless Company, the two live Jews. As Sports Radio 560, QM operates full-time. Yadiyadiyadi. Thanks to broadcast profile for permitting us to extra information from their lengthy. Report on WQAM. Yadiyadiyadi. It says Sunshine Wireless purchased the station in 85. Bensolded to be easily broadcasting in 1996 the current cheap-ass owners. Although George did finally get his bonus, the current it says they were there. The current cheap-ass owners, but a Yahoo's ropa to tree. Who pond their banjo and still can't afford to pay anybody. How do you like that, huh? Little radio intensive here boys and girls. I know a lot of you young punk's out there and I'll see how old would you have to be? But you're not that old, you're getting old, but you're not that old. 37. How old do you have to be? Remember like the when AM top 40 stations were still going pretty strong. What was the end of that? I don't know. Well why not? 70 something I would imagine. mid 70s. When it started to really disappear. Yeah. Well let's see, I came here in 76. And in 76. I think GBS was still playing music. I didn't see what he was doing all news. I just remember the mid 70s being the beginnings of the block. So let's pick a year 75. All right. Just pick a year 75 would be 27 years ago. So if you were like, what 8 or 10? All right. Huh? I mean kid when you were a little kid you listen to the radio. Sure. So let's see where like 10 years old. So that way twice as if you ever like your 3rd. Let's say 35 plus. If you're 35 plus then you remember some of this. And you remember when your radio was a wonderful thing when his business we used to have. Personalities people he would tune into listen to and they'd move from one station to another and you'd follow them because they, you know, they would they meant something. Like Dick pertinent Detroit. He's been on like 75 different stations. No matter where he goes people tune in because he's legendary because he's a talent because he means something. See if you go from one station to another when I know nobody listens. It means like you're not a talent. You have no following. See, you have no following. For you and move from one station to another when they have these big gigantic juicy ratings like. Yeah, great. A few people in the business have been able to do over there. This sounds very self-aggrandizing. Of course it is. I shouldn't feel bitter about anything. No, because we got the new monitor for you there. We got the vents have been like moved in. So they are as blown like distributing nice and even in here. Thanks machine work. The fact machine fixed thanks to our good friend. What's his name? Jose. At least her MD in can Hollywood. Thanks Jose. Everything is like coming up for us is now. I'm plus this thing and like I told. It's not like we're going to have a meeting. We're going to have a meeting. We're going to have a meeting. We're going to have a meeting. We're going to have a meeting. We're going to have a meeting. We're going to have a meeting. We're going to have a meeting. We're going to have a meeting. We're going to have a meeting. We're going to have a meeting. We're going to have a meeting. We're going to have a meeting. We're going to have a meeting. We're going to have a meeting. We're going to have a meeting. We're going to have a meeting. We're going to have a meeting. We're going to have a meeting. We're going to have a meeting. We're going to have a meeting. Yeah, he said, he said they're going to have the meeting in a restaurant where you'll be safe. Luis in the Bronx. 1057 at 560 WQA and Mo will be there to supervise. I'm hearing. I got to go to the bathroom. If you love your home, but need more space, what do you do? Do you know how many of the people are doing call strictly additions? When you have a new baby wanted or unwanted, and need another room if you're converting a car porter, petty, when living space, maybe you've got a business for yourself. Anyone who make an office in your house? Call strictly additions and let them handle all the details for it. Because that's what they'll do. They really are your one-stop shop, more space for your place. Place with a totally positively, absolutely. We're free approach to expanding your living space. No shows you've heard of by other contractors. What happened with these people in complete work? No chance. No unexpected bills. No worries about the job not getting done. Right. They take care of every single last detail. They drop your blue prints. They get the building permit. Handle all the inspections for you. Strictly additions has got that easy. That five-step approach to total customer satisfaction. Why this is still in the coffee? I have no idea, but then again, he's busy doing drugs. First of all, call the schedule for free project evaluation of Pum and at your home, where a project estimated will determine the scope of your edition. Secondly, schedule a bit of Pum and in their convenience, or where you're going to detail proposal and an exact price to the penny for the work. Third, select your finishing touches, go to contract. Fourth, review the design architecture of drawings, and then finally, fifth, most happily of all, sit back and relaxes your dream edition moves ahead on schedule with unbeatable quality. It's a piece of cake. You've strictly listened to a call at 9504-791-8100. That's 9504-791-8100. They're licensed to ensure they do spectacular work. They serve all of them. All of Browdon, South Palm Beach. Let me say it again. All of Browdon, South Palm Beach. And you might want to check out their annual pages or just give them a call. At 9504-791-8100. 9504-791-8100. Tell them that old meal, told you to call, strictly additions. And look, this is Fort Radio 560. What a 2A, yeah. WQ, yeah. Welcome back to this instalment that a Mohawah David, slabby, will you? Slabby before I have a strong way! Oh, okay. So why are you the what's the big idea? You're cute, Moh! You're a dance! I'll give you a shot that'll kill you, yeah. Damn! Now let's go to the hole. The rosebock behind the abandoned pitty pride, hello. Yeah, I'm old. Yeah, what do you know what you're saying? I just want to tell you, I love your show, man. Right, thank you. And have you seen my dead beaver? What did beaver? So one that's glued to your head. I'm not sure if you can see it. You're not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. Alright, Mr. David, come on, Mr. David. What the hell are you? We're here to insert some weed. Wait, wait. Why I love you? No, I want you to launch with wet pissles. Hey, what are you doing? Get your hair long. You can do this, either way or hard. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Where do you think you are? In a hole. Yeah. I'm just stepping back on the foot with you. I'm a booger, pay. Come on. Yeah, you're a booger, pay. What's going on? There's no more for making it. Wrap them down. Oh, I'm too tight. I'm too tight. Hey, hey, you. What's that? What the fuck? Oh, what's that? Oh, oh. Oh. What the fuck? Where do you think you are? Oh, oh. I'm too tight. Oh, oh. Hey, what the fuck is going on? Oh, oh. No, I'm not gonna hit you. Just cause I'm a booger. Oh, oh. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Oh, oh. Hey, hey. Hey, hey. All this presents he's got a lot of living to do. Elvis in our spotlight, and this is a commandful form. This is Hans, never one favorite. I forgot to remember to forget Elvis. Oh God, terrific, terrific. Two-fodd, yes, I believe. In our spotlight tonight, the very fantastic Elvis Presley, the man who has had in a role consecutively, 15 or 16 better than a million soaps. This young man has a great feeling, a feeling that the teenagers understand for music, and of course a feeling to get through to a lot of older people, but dig the music of the common man. That's what Elvis portrays. Listen right now as he does the rhythm and blues favorite. One way popular by Lloyd Price. Oh, what a lot of young, lovely, lovely, lovely, and you're rugged, old, and old, and old, and old. Clark, come on, we'll know, hold on, go. Oh, what a lot of young, a lot of him is glutty. Elvis, you ain't nothing but a. You ain't nothing but a lot of him is glutty, oh God, you're a good man. You ain't no great of a lot. This is the sound of Sam, Sam, from shows you that you have your house there, at 15, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20. I'll tell you, brother, you. Thank you, Sam, and here in Hauntown, I remind her about the big dance day coming to the upstairs, autumn, moor, lawn, Sunday, week, June the 8th, in person, little, little, little, young, and little, Richard's original band, the upstairs, so both be there. Now, on this memorial day, we can, if you have your radio on, and you have Hauntown, and they radio with you, we're in the car on the radio, writing along with you. Will you take it easy, please? I don't want anything to happen. I want to get to where we're going. Now, let's preview next week, the game in a cabbage hits, 56, no bottle caps, and you got Frank Kella Penhe, Frank got a match. I'm gonna play with you. Hi, we're the planet, Danny, moorie, and chick, off-road less record, remind me, you let you are listening to the Houndowns, go, WKPW, okay, that's especially for fat boy if he's in a building or anywhere around. Think he's in a building? Where's he gonna be? He's in the house, he's in a building. George Houndown, a Rends WKWW buffalo, in fact, the blurb on here says if Alan Fried was the father of Rock and Roll radio, then George Houndown, Rends was certainly the uncle. He was one of the very first to play rhythm and blues records on a regular basis in the early 50s. The fact that one in fans with the kids and enemies would some grown-ups. Yeah, that was grown-ups, probably what we hear was this 58. It was still pissed off about Elvis. Cheryl says this is not our good-closed personal friend, Cheryl, but a chronic fancere, Cheryl. The radio show is a lot of fun, but they have a radio rumor question, is you sure gonna be picked up or sedicated by a West Palm B-I-I-O-A station, hopefully now 90 to 0.7? Oh, sure. Ha ha ha ha ha. Cheryl, what kind of mushrooms you have in the Perlance that he has sweetheart? Send some down here. Please tell us if it's true, if it's true, it's your news to me. It'd be wonderful if your place they really lay midday show she says from a very chronicless, never-coller, and fills me, which is right in your veysmere, west of Sebastian. Where else, Sebastian? Up there. No, it's a different inlet, like Jupiter in it. Cheryl, who more I must turn the old bows up to 95 to pick up your signal. Sorry, Cheryl, we're clocked louder, how's that? How's that, Cheryl? Now somebody says, WGM, so I feel bad. Why did I think it was in Dayton, Ohio? I don't know, senility? Could be. Because WGTO stands for stood for golf to ocean. And it says it was on a west coast of Florida to the East Coast, Tampa St. Peter, or something like that. There's five-four at the Houndau, do you hear that? George Lemrens? That prop had some memories. By the way, five-four, just turned 82 today. Like I said, he only looks 92, he just turned 82. I got some, see, close the door. Open out of again, slamming his chair. Got some joy on here. So that meant to enjoy. He rolled, he wheeled right into the wall. You see that? So that meant to enjoy. WOC and Ocean Radio, I got that right. We got some joy on here from pretty crap. Great music format. Same song repeated in different formadances. In other words, they were play like the uptown, Dooshbag mix, you know, in the extended boat. Oh, it was him. It was who that stuff in the box. Oh, thank you very much. Yeah, totally yesterday he was okay in his own bizarre fat way. Okay. What are I telling you? You're testing it. You guys stick together. I was your costel, I'll let that in. Your costel would know this looks like you. You would think that your costel knows these radio stations. No. Where is he lived all his life? Here. Right. So how do you know, and he would know if you went in QAM? Right. And I and Z a little bit maybe. And GV has just taken it. Which can still know what it tells about GVS, but that's okay. But what do I want to know about those stations? He wouldn't. He just didn't. Didn't we just figure out that a few months ago that he's never been anywhere, or talked to me to come up to Toronto where he and his buddies had a great time? Yes. Although he went. Do you know that he went up there via Boston with a stop with a bad connection? Probably a bargain. And wouldn't you think that nowadays wouldn't this be the time to be flying through? Logan Airport in Boston? This would be a great time to be doing that. Nice going, Joe. But they had a great time anyway. I'm not knocking Joe, but the fact is what does he know about radio? And if you want to fight out tune into the six tonight overnight, and you'll discover what he knows about radio. And then listen between six and six thirty, and you'll fight out for a second time, in case you've visited the first time, what you'll mark no about radio. Because you'll hear the same stuff recycled again with kind of a different voice. Anyway, ten past eleven, I'm having a great, we might just continue this tomorrow. You know, oh no, don't do it too bad. Why not? Because we're not going to get to that much of this today. So I'm watching over here. The North Korea's got the nooks and they're working on it. Like it's a big secret. We know that. Tell us something we don't know, okay? Like the president just got smarter, something like that. Did that happen? No. Well, we're waiting. You know, we all have different lifestyles. Therefore we need different products to make us feel better and be healthier. Olioment Mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of pharmaceutical grade olive oil with vitamins. Mineral's, urbles and lots of other good nutrients in there. Scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific parts of your health. Look for Olioment's three great new formulas. They have one to help you sleep. One for weight management and co-ins on Q10. And believe me, my Nutellio Boy, co-q10's one of the best things you can take. All using the benefits of the best olive oil you'll find anywhere is. Olioment is a great new product. It's available at public's, Eckridge Walgreens. For more info call Olioment at this toll free number. One, eight, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, 33, six, five, three, six, six, six, 33. You can also check them out on their website at OliomentAmerica.com. And don't forget, if you visit your nearest publics and purchase an Olioment product and Browder-Dade Counties, you can get you a coupon for a free, Larry Coker Babelhead dial or class supplies last. Don't forget to visit their sampling provision at Sports Town. Every Sunday when the offense airplane home games. Pick up free Olioment samples and product information and start feeling like a human being again. The local V6 is 560. The radio's on your... BOOM! A PUE! I have my nose up, Neal's ass. Oh, that has really pleased going away. Find a new way to attack the book they go home. And eat your whole holes. Till you explode. Just like your fat fat chudded ladies. I feel like you seem some of plain. Spending your fingers that have yellows, being your dead af Yellows, being from Tito, and to your toes. And your piggy kudo. How to be fat disgusting and tasty. You make the show a good win in smile. Lay like a cow who's bad at sad things. Think smelly bad, so repulsive and bad. Your body cheese smells like a crap blood. Applorate was occupied by head mass. There need a shoe or two get into your car. The shirt you got in wine. Onken squeal, onken squeal. Onken squeal fat ladies. Divin with your numberless bean. Slaver in the store to the tree between her meat. The rest of the table is a little less. It's much more delicious than tasting. The rest of the table is a little less than tasting. I love the 16 at 560 WQA. I'm not going to get joy. Joy Jo Castello. And Mike's heart lemonade. This afternoon 4 to 6 at the public located at 1305 University. Driving Carl Springs. Stop by to win our usual low budget QA in prizes. And register to win a pair of tickets to the homestead Miami Speedway in November. So David Facts is in says we listen to every day heard our computer business via the internet. Where are they? Oh, and Naples. Well thank you David. Have you mentioned WQA we do a buffalo in the course he must have sent this just before I played the Hound Dog George Lament. And then when he said that as I was reading this so I cut up the thing to enjoy Reynolds from KVW. He can wait. Joy can wait. You know, you want to know why? He's an asshole. Yeah, because he says 1520 on the dial was 50,000 watts which George Lament that we're just playing a promos. He says I used to listen to Jungle Jane Nelson as a team along with all the others. Well I don't have any air checks from KVW on Jungle Jane Nelson, but Chummet's a Rado baby. Jungle Jane Nelson. Spring Gary Lewis, John Thomas five on the tattoo seven. The clock on the Jane Nelson, Joe 16 degrees outside today's eye. We'll get a pair of 30 degrees. Oh, no. Hey, good morning, John Jane. Hi, Edward's the problem. There I have the worst work. What happened? I've ripped my leg in three places. Aware. Vancouver? Montreal and Halifax. Yeah. I can't even do a rag at the play. How can just one calorie taste so good? It's seven minutes after you've shoved a clock 16 degrees outside. It's going to go into the London miles an hour today. It's time to set up a two minute 30 and provide back to the way in the crowd. We're going down the sea brings day to see the big sea bring races come Saturday. We've got the sea bring weather beer coming through with their direct weather report. What's good? Doesn't give that a place the log is going on. Correct. We can't let that report will be coming up at seven 15 this morning. The operator says it's seven 15. You should be able to get through. So I guess they're really bombarded around race time down there. You know, and it just before the races because everybody from all over the country, you know, they're checking in with a weather just to see what the weather will be when they get there. And on race day, hi today, there 30 a clear with a few cloudy periods today. Harry Mwise didn't have a great song and saw the way to another free of the shop shark. It's in very trust the mercy. That's very cost the mercy 10 minutes after seven o'clock. Good morning to you, General J. Nelson. There you go, just for a day. I mean, I didn't find him for exciting, but it's just, you know, a couple of minute air checks. You know what I'm saying? Maybe he was great on KB, but maybe not. Another big top 40 station David says with their smaller marker was super 50 AKF, XD and Boise Idaho. Oh, you should know that one. No. Oh, five thousand lots of touch seven western states at night. You know, like Idaho and Wyoming and Montana and Montana and Iowa states where nobody lives. Ask Eric to set you up a simple comments for Mono website. We enter suggestions and you see them on your super secret page. Only he can limit to as a few characters. So no problem with the chronic sending too much crap. One click by you. There were the gone and moved the just think of all the paper you'll say. No, no. Also it mentions WF, you went to Boana Johnny. Who's on here? You heard that this morning. I'll play on get to that. Also memory for me, I'm not a particular station doctor, Demento. Maybe Dr. Demento might be on here. I'm sure he's on some website, but more importantly than that. I found chicken man on there today. I've had such a such would probably reach down and scratch his ass if he heard chicken man. You know what? From inside his pants. He'd probably go nuts. Do you remember chicken man or did you just hear that? Do you know? Well, I'll get to it. I'll eventually get to it. I think Eric can close this out and I don't you. Please, because we can always add to it later, but it's almost 11 30 already. Let's get to show on a road. We got a lengthy list of you tuning in midstream. You missed all the good stuff. The greatest AM top 40s radio station ever was. Here's our list so far. WQAMWFUNWCFLWLSWABCWKNR. WIBGWAPThe Big Ape. I haven't played the big APN. The grease man. We will. WMGMKHJ. You know, when I was in LA many, many years ago and they were still very big. And that's all these, the KHS. All they said. They play a lot of music. KHH. Great. A CKLWCHUM Chum Toronto, which we just heard Jane Ellison pretty boring. WSYZD Troy WBZWMXWKVWFIL. WHKCLEVON. KFI. KFI. Are you sure? Yeah. WWWWEE. Triple WWEE. W-O-W-O. Fort Wayne, Indiana. 1190 on the dial. Fort Wayne, Kamataki, is brought to you by. K-A-A-Y. Little Rock. Is that right? I don't know. K-M-P-C. For all the West Coast people again. W-J-VKD Troy. I think that's, I think Robin Seamor worked on W-J and became also Jack the Belboy. Well, what am I talking to you about? You don't know your Detroit Mr. You know what? You're not missing much. And those days it was great. That was Martha June the Coon. She was on that stage and she was on W-O-SYZD. Inkster. Well, I don't know what she was on. W-O-C-A. Maybe drugs. K-Q-V. K-D-K-A. Pittsburgh. How come? Well, we did have that one facts about all the people around here. We just quarter all those people. And the Ed Wendy King. And the Bob Prince. W-R-K-O. W-O-R. W-O-R. W-O-T-O-P-M-U-H-U-E-N-S 10-10 wins in York. Murray the K. K-J-R and K-O-L-S from Switzerland who almost knows something about it because they used to work up there. W-O-T-O-P-M-O-S and which I pulled out of my ass, W-O-T-D-R-C which uh, uh, duct pulled out of his ass. Now, easily but with some difficulty. So there you go for the pretty interesting list there for you so far and I think we're getting it up right now. Although, let's see. Rock Radio scrapbook. Oh, this just gives me goosebumps. There is a Dave Maynard clip on here, which I might get to, although I did play Bruce Bradley for WBZ. See what I'm trying to impress on you is that radio doesn't have to be the piece of crap that it's turned into. Thanks to the FCC, thanks to the grave robbers, thanks to the people like cheap channel and the other companies that owe 99% of the goddamn stations and it should be great. It should be entertaining, you should have personalities. You should have people that mean something in this business, other than opening a pot, no matter where you are in the country, and here in the same goddamn crap, Lord Aslimbo, I Dr. Laura and G Gordon Litty makes me getty all of a sudden crap. Garbage! And you know something about the only thing that was like that back then, you know who is the only one that you can hear like an almost heavy market? Paul Harvey. Oh yeah, good day. We have to play Paul Harvey. There you go, Lee Dave. But other than that, all stations had their own personalities, their own people had meant something. Let's say, I love Jefferson K. He was one of my favorite DJs of all time. Let's say, while playing top 40 music, WBC still likes the top 40 prison. Oh, we don't need every line of the WBC ever had. Is that what this is? Oh, and it's got pictures, there's Jay Dunn, and Ron Landry, and Bruce Bradley. And how about what's his name? He used to work over and I would lemonade, Sand Larry Glick. You remember Larry Glick? No. We've talked about Larry Glick and the other number stands on that. You don't know who he is. I wonder what Larry Glick is doing. I think he's working on some ten-watt stations. See, that's what happened to a lot of people. A lot of the good people in this business got screwed over bad. And they had to like scramble to put together like I'm make believe living, you know. And then there were people who weren't any good in the first place who had a scramble like Mr. Ego for example. How can you work on a station that was as hot as W's news was in those days? Even though we had old geriatric numbers, but we still had big numbers. How can you work on a station like that and have no numbers, you know? Unless maybe everybody painted you like poison. There might be it, Steve. There might have something to do with it. That's why I was so good by what I would like for because those fractions he had over there were, you know, he was used to them and they were nice and comfortable. Those 0.7s and 1 shares. Carl Disoo is Dave Manor, Jay Dunne, Bruce Bradley, Jefferson K. Dick Summer. Dick Summer, who wrote me a nice note one time? Many years ago did I mention that to you? No. Dick Summer, in fact, Dick was in New York. He wrote me a note about how he happened to be in town here. He wrote the show and what a great town I was. Thanks, Dick. I'm still here in this God forsaken place. Although the good news is I get out of here most of the year. Get out of this place. And that is a good deal. I'll tell you what. I'm not going to knock that. I'm not going to pitch and believe about that. Being able to do the show from Amsterdam from Toronto and be able to do the same damn thing is great. In fact, I think somebody, those days when I was doing the one hit wonders from Toronto, those are pretty good shows. Even though that chronic fact, although writes me that cost it fast, that was when I was here. Bitching him. Oh, one hit wonders. Terminal pond was you're not going to really do this to us, are you? Yeah. See if there's a day when I'm doing a show that you know, care for it, you're going to pass. Okay. Well, write you out just like in school. Like in kindergarten. A dismissal slip. One of those little slips that says you have. No, they would call dismissal slips. Like I'll pass. I'll pass. I'll pass. So from class. And we'll let you go do something else. WQAM. John Potter. WQAM. Hey, don't be lucky. Want to take a look at, um, uh, music radio of 77.com. Okay. That's got just about everything from WABC to be from the time we came on until the time we went off. Is puny Scott Munion or a bet? Yes, yes. Actually, every kid he's on there, yeah. Okay. Thanks. Okay. And what's his end to go who died from AIDS? Bob, uh, Bobaloo. Bobaloo. Remember, you don't remember Bob Lewis? I remember the name. You said he was about to find some mucodings during Jersey. That's, he was good. He was good, DJ. They didn't have any bad DJs except of course for cousin Brucey. Yeah, you know, in fact he, he's the one that calls and does that, you know? That's really him. Yeah, I think that's him. Just like it was Don Johnson. I called Stan Major that time. Wasn't that him? How's that, Don? Don't that, Don? I think that was Don. Stan Major. Wow. 26 after 11 at 5. 60. I'm not, I don't push me because I'm not going to tell it. The episode on the year. You were going to try to stir up. I'd crap it. You are a craft this stir. Well, let's face it, man. You like this stir up a little craft. I love Stan. You do? Well, didn't he hook us up? That's what he told me. Hook to up. Me and you. He's the one that said that, uh, hey, there's this guy that isn't bad when you're. Larry, I'm going to get my mom's retired and lives in Del Ray Beach. Love you, Larry. Hope he's having a wonderful life. Good guy. Excellent guy. You're a fun show overnight. I don't want to be busy for years for a long time. Larry, glick. You don't remember Larry, glick? No. 26 after 11 at 5. 60. WCM. We're trying to revive radio. Man, we're trying to like take some oxygen and pump it into your radio and put some living. I know realize this is not the right place to be doing that, but why not? Why not me? I'm always the Schmidt to stir for anyway. Try to stir the pot. Do I stir it in George's motion? In fact, that's probably why he's burning that incense right now. What was Miguel farting while he was in there? Oh, you were. I'd been. I still am. No, you're just trying to get even with him for his in tempered behavior yesterday when he bitched you out. Said he was some kind of a spicker. What was he upset about? Because he never gives us the liners to read at the beginning of the show. And I had the nerve to take it. And not only that, but then he brings in a dressing here about glades, I'm supposed to know it's in Boko. I don't go to Boko. Okay. Why not? Because somebody lives in Boko. I don't want to be any. I don't want to smell that piece, you know? Get that get down window that thing and man. You can just about pass out. Hey, is there still anybody out there who's not plunging in the VIP sports book.com? Why not? You really miss it out. You hear a lot of ads these days for all kinds of sports books, but you better do some research before you hand over your heart and cash to some third world or tenth world sports book like maybe down in Sweetwater. Let me help you out. VIP sports book.com is the only book to be unanimously endorsed by the industry watchdogs. All of them. They're Dutch based. People you can trust those cheap Dutchmen man. They're not going to give anybody your money. They hang underwood like it's their last penny. And one of the first online sports books in the world, too, by the way, they are. So if you go on a roll of a lifetime, you want to be hooked up with the best sports book anywhere VIP sportsbook.com. And especially now with football season racing along in a feverish pitch. So open an account online, get you a 15% cash sign up bonus. Listen to the hump or any afternoon. Isn't today what's his name day? Bino day. Listen to Bino. Whatever he tells you plumsy opposite. And don't forget to get the highest parlay odds you'll find any ruptured 2001 at VIP sportsbook.com. Call him at 1-866-VIP-Bets-B-E-T-S or do the smart things sign up online and get that 15% cash bonus. Just hook on, do. Log on, too. Check out VIP sportsbook.com where you are the VIP. We're sports for the new five six. You a-m. Do my job as well when I'm constantly. Oh oh oh And Girls who are a new party girls flat party girls flat party girals flat party girls flatrolled And gymnastics And Girls who are a Vanessa進 so girls flat party girls flat party girls flat party girls flat percentage percentage percentage Number Number percentage percentage She's bright. She's bright. She's bright. She's bright. She's bright. She's bright. She's bright. She's bright. She's bright. Before I was punched, her throat grew in the water. The video I'm holding for birds and on top quiver. You want more? Always made it is what I'll give you. She's got a full-to-read about land the ring. Nobody knows what about land the ring. You want to strangle her. Fondestificate. Who's she's a political pundit on death. Fondestificate. Who's she's a political pundit on death. Fondestificating. Fondestificate. A Republican's gang. She's a better realist. Make it liberal. You know. I know. I found y'all they are murdering. I stole friend. I stole drink water on the side of the lawn. I'll go with the back alley. I'll give you like your brother's taller. If you got some money, she'll spread those legs with the cigarette. And the sharks, men, and so they're in children. Political pundit. Fondestificate. Fondestificate. Fondestificate. Fondestificate. Fondestificate. Everybody find the least Christmas. I have the honor to reject. The jersey comes up if you want me to see you. The heart begins working with my friends. I'll. I make any of them. Get out of bed. The last of us is Seeds. The battle is here. It's my dream. The times in New York. The conference ceremony. As I pick up spring memories and my two children got to the barren young older couple. You should types when you're at work. I'm thursday. You can solve that. You get your real player on there and you would dick it ahead, you know the play thing. I said, well, that's what I'm doing. Okay, and he was nice here from me, but we don't have time to dick around with that thing. Bad air check. Woowow, Ginsburg, never heard of him either. Woowowow. Adventure car hop and sog a set of ass. You put stuff by that of that. Yeah, I had because we used to stop and just tell him off. We used to stop by there on a way to rock an empire from Boston. Drive up US one or be adventure car hop. It was just like in, uh, most of the movie American, not American pie, American graffiti. Just like that. The traditional fifties in early sixties drive in with the old car with the real, not old with the young chicks, the car hops. Right, come right out to your window. With the big shakes and moths, the real life. I didn't know you had to view those. Yeah, like that around. Like that, I know. But, uh, well, this was a great place to venture car hop. Then we go up to rock an empire, lose whatever money we had left at the track. Here's a fact that says this may be a stupid question, but how do ratings work? I mean, how do they put the book together all of that? Well, they pick it out of a hat, rhymes with that. Is it kind of a voting system or is it measured in some way? This is something I've always wanted nobody's explained. Thank you. Well, I'll turn it to this. They said out diaries and you write down Dear Diary. Today I listen to this one. Today I think I listen to that one. They sent out diaries. They pick them scientifically. A lot of the geographical areas of their ass. They only go to responsible people that are very accurate about what they write down. And that, especially the darker they are and the less they speak English, the more likely they get to die. Reason the more they get paid for filling them out too, by the way, which is true. And that's it. And that's what you got. That's what we have to place our entire livelihoods on. That's why this coming Monday is a day. It is so explosive. People are wandering around the hall here. They're going to be in a jocular mood, but the pressure is momentous. Now let's see, today's the 17th. The salespeople are living for Vegas when the 23rd. I think it's a 23rd through the 30th. Well, that's good because that gives them that means they'll be here Monday is the 21st and the 2nd, which are the 2 days when we get the actual book and then the 22nd, we can usually get that breakdown. And then the 23rd everybody has a breakdown. Including George. He's going to be very upset. I don't know. Maybe I can bathe you while we're really strong September. Let's hope. And of course the three hours that people are really going to be examining here with a microscope, with a very, very fine tooth comb, are going to be 69. Am I right about that? Absolutely correct. I could be wrong. It could just be making that up. But I think that between 69. They're going to be really, look at all this stuff. The history of Boston. Oh yeah. WILD in Boston. Forget about that. Well, that's not going to go on our list. Yeah. We got the list closed. Is it on there yet? Are they're both coming in? Is you got it out? Or, or we, I don't know. Because I don't want to get off of this thing here. Because then I have to go back and put it on there again. I don't want to go through all of that. Open another window. Open another window. Just hit your browser again. If I don't want to open up another window. Because you don't understand. I've got this site on here. I've got the real player. I'm top of it. Okay. I mean, I'm fairly relatively for an old fart. I'm doing fairly good with this stuff. But I'm not like some hot chart like Carlos. You know what I'm saying? I'm not like that hot chart. That thinks you know something about computers. Does he really know anything about it or not? He's bringing all his certificates in. Yeah. What is that? What is that? It's not up there. He took a whole bunch of courses. He's all certified with this and with that. Oh yeah. Like I said, let's make a trade out some of the fast train. He's supposed to be the wizard. Anyway, so we had Arne again. It's a little bit of that good stuff. Let me look on our list and see who else we ought to have on here. We had juggled jack. I bet you that guy never thought we'd have juggled jing Nelson on there. Even though it was a bad clip from Chumming to Ronald. Maybe he was like a little bit down because you know back in those days, especially in Toronto was a little more laid back. Well, how's the radio to Ronald? I don't know. I have no idea. People ask me stuff like that. Like I'm sitting there listening to the radio all day. What are you? What do you know? I'm not. The only time I've ever turned on my radio up there was when Joe Bowen, in fact, I taped it. I was playing in a playoff's last spring and I wanted to get him because the CBC is doing a game on TV and I wanted to get Joe Bowen's call. That was the game that he just about went. Eight Schmidt when they went over time against the Islanders. Oh, there it is. There is what? The pole is up and any of them. I'm going to vote for QA. Or you haven't. Ah. Well, I'm going to do it here during the break because I want to vote for a Keener 13. Nobody. Okay. And while it's right, go ahead. Go ahead. See, obviously, I mean, this is the kind of a pole at the Miami stations are going to have be advantage because most of the people we got down here are being your all-or-life. Unfortunately, we sent along our deepest sympathies by the way. Here are the preliminaries. Yes, WQAN7, WABC6WK. What? What? W. KDKA3, WLUS 2 and then one each for WFUNWCFL. Where does it? CKLWCKWKWKFI. W, they all have one. But most have none. 28 votes. What, yeah? Just went up under. What do you want? Just went up moments ago. Ah. See, it's a lot easier for me to just. Long music. CKLWCU. Play the cart as opposed to like, a yanking this thing around again. Let's see, and I already mentioned this before Jack Pelvino. And who was the other guy that was on WBBF in Rochester? What's that? What's his name? Talingai. Jack Pelvino, there's one Italian. Nick Nixon, he was the Italian guy, but there was Nick Nixon, WBBF the home of the busy bees, also WHEC mornings with Eddie Meat for over 30 years. Yeah, poor Eddie Meat. You know, where Eddie Meat was from? Canndead, when New York. But you didn't know that. No. What an educational show you, Ron Neil. Thank you. We learned crap, not that it's useful, or where we're going to really need to know this stuff, but you know, you can never know too much, right? Right. You can never know too goddamn much. Any one important thing. Two things I'll tell you. He was from Canada, New York. He worked on WHEC in Rochester and he's dead. There you go. There's the Traffective for you. Man, are you full of good useless information? And not only that, but what about tug boy and Alex Winger? That's Suffolk Downs. Twenty-till noon at five and Bobby Huntress and B Farmer and June Weller. Hey, if you look at the mirror, one way where the hell I had hair went. Did it just like fly away or something? Yeah, I didn't let fell out. Went and down it just falls out because God works in mysterious ways and he likes to punish most of us guys with a big ugly bald spot, which sometimes comes very early in life. And you don't feel too good about it. You wish you had a nice full head of hair. So the choice is yours. You can look either like Jerry Wichner in that picture. I shouldn't say that because he's also still dead. So he doesn't care anymore, right? He's probably zoomed right up the old Ho Chi-Mint trail right now. Delighted, you're mentioning his name. Passing all them, John Rubbunny's up and that's right there, not up there. But anyway, if you want to get your hair back this smart way to do it is with an actual hairline system for my close personal buddy Chuck Alphiary and for Lauderdale. Because for over a long time for a coon zage, he's been helping guys look their best. There's nothing to look better. It looks real like real hair, like it's grown out of your scalp. Not like some grotesque horrendous thing that crawled up onto the top of your head and died. Or like some smelly, you know, that thing with a cavemer, okay. He's got to stop powdering his wigs. Tell him that one I would goddamn Tom Payne and Tom Jefferson and George Washington. Tell him that. Next time you speak to him. Okay. And of course, if you mentioned your rages when you call the Alphiary studios, you get $200 off the already low price. So for just a pitons, you guys can look better and younger than you ever probably thought you'd look again. And there's no obligation at all. They'll be more than happy to give your free and appointment for a free consultation. They'll sit down, you're ugly ass and show you just how much better. How sensation like to make you look. And you got nothing lose with the ball spot because it's completely guaranteed. If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, if you're not getting laid multiple times a day, return it for a full refund. Make the call today and lose that ugly ball spot. Call 1-800-3-2-1-24-13-1-800-3-21-24-13 or log on to. Look at that spit. Look at that. So that's it. Ball spot the beast walked in. Why hope the coast is clear. I hope Mowade here. Charles Affiery.com. Oh, this is for 20 likes to see you. You way am. Fred, be very afraid. Joe is days have done. Joe is days have done. The Marshal is his son. The show just ain't known for him. So what does Karen Bruce think Joey is gonna do? He's got a spot we can get and now we're crying out of pain. The crazy's there reflected no way to we've erected his head. And I had a crawl away. Damn. Joe is got a gun. Joe is got a gun. Joe is got a gun. Neil can help this one. Ready your days are done. What is it gonna do? His way to your days are through. He's got a spot we can get and now we're crying out of pain. The ratings there reflected no way to we've erected his head. And now the call away is changed. Roll away, roll away from the day. Roll away, roll away from the day. I am that him already. Don't you? Hey. Hey. Don't you? Oh, please, you. In 1757 degrees in Buffalo, this is John Zach reporting for the original Richard Wild Irish Rose. And they were industries. Can they go to York? The official KVU Weather Eye Park has four of us are clear and children and I will let all in the mid 30s cooler which gathered frost or freeze in some inland areas. That's a very common requirement. By the way, speaking of Canada, your industries can't take when the earth was a winery. Probably the biggest industry in town in Little Town that I went to high school. And it was owned by Howard Samuels who was a professional candidate who was Bob Coenstein, Ellis Rubin, always running for governor running for this. And his son was named Bill Samuels who was here behind me in school. And I should point out he's a real asshole. Can I say that? Oh, look at this. I screwed up the Joey thing now. Oh, no. How did I do that? Is this going to resume or not, you think? Oh, no. I don't have to do it just relax. Just calm down. Why did I do that? You know? Because I could stop it, but now I'm trying to like start it again. That's going to be bad if we can't get Joey on again. I have my nose up meals a ass. It's worth it. You're a thing. It's how he reminds me. Don't you? Oh, please. You. I was in 15 at 47 degrees in Buffalo. This is John Zach Reef point. I said, probably John Reef. No Richard Wild Irish Rose. Can they grow industries? Can they grow New York? The official KBU Weather Eye Park has four of us are clear and children are with a low in the mid 30s. Cooler, which gathered frost or freeze in some inland areas. Can't really fare in warmer tomorrow with a higher round 55. Westwardly winds five to 15 miles per hour. Seminishing to light variable winds tonight. Becoming sublate. Can't the 20 miles per hour tomorrow. For hour 30.09 and steady winds up on the east of four miles an hour. Even at the 89 percent present temperature 47 degrees. This has been John Zach Reef. This edition of Pulse Feet News has been brought to you by the original Richard Wild Irish Rose wine. Our complete pictorial report of the day's news watched Channel 7. Or news when it happens from Barrett happens is KB Pulse Feet News at 15 and 45. Here's Joey Reynolds. Hello. What kind of book would you recommend for an esth-a-hole? A chiller. You got a mull. Come on, Joey. Say something. I see in front of Barrett. See a little sign. WDKW 21 after 7. I want to get the radio. We're going to do the change over yet. Danny has to go to the premiere tonight. Right? Where is the great race? Is he going with you, Fred? Great question. Danny, remember going to be there tonight? What time? Five minutes ago? That's nice. That's way in one time with a new genre from Fanzo. Oh, that's a lot. Things will be better with Coca Cola. Coca Cola. Things will be better with Coca Cola. That's much more fun than you were afraid. Who and Coca Cola? Who's Russia's defense? Say I can do it with Coca Cola. I'm so anxious. I'm so anxious. Food goes bad and will. Fanzo better with France. You go bad and will. We go bad and will. We go bad and will. So we're like one. The whole sex is fun. And we're in here. And everything is good. Ooh. Man, we're going to Coca Cola. Things go better with them. Fred and Clessy is being very unfair in the mayor of KB Country campaign. Stammer Roberts had a record of the announcement. And according to the rules of the game, according to our memo here, it says you must make a 30 second speech. It's down Roberts, try to split in a minute. Fred and Cuded off after half a minute. Fred's really off to win. He's got the oldest campaign, please. Oh, man. You know, something he was just as bad then as he is now. Same material to good guy. Stupid. Yeah. Anyway, somebody, a fact is, where'd you get this? Did somebody fact this in? I guess. Yes. A photo of Joy from 1960s. That air check was from 65. Was from a hunger is what it was. And man, I've had forgotten how fatty was. He was gigantic. And he went from one stream to the other. They became a scrawy. I mean, really scrawing. With a lot of loose skin. Well, when he gets to me that age, you have a lot of loose skin. He said, too loose less skin. But anyway, this is the photo for February 2000. The counters used by Buffalo broadcast pioneers. Oh, they have a website. Man, there's more goddamn websites. We could milk this thing for like about five years. It was going to be here that long, which I won't. That sounds good to me. Here's Bill from Boca says. I grew up on Miami Beach during the 50s and 60s. Oh, yeah. I'm glad you reminded me to play chicken. I will bill. I'll be chagged with 67. You're showed today as one of your best. And you are. Absolutely correct. We'll clip some QAmen if you want to give me now stales overload. When you say Roboy Young Harvey, I have to say the big Kahona. Well, we used to have to say that when he was alive. But now that he's dead, it don't make no difference. I guess we should play that Roboy Young thing on era. I thought of my favorites. Oh, God. What is it under? Is that under? Roboy. Rubby Ritz. Oh, yeah. No, it's under doomed. Roboy Young doomed. So, first of all, it have to be badly twisted. This means that this i will be real ashamed of my bitch. This is whereатиckie's go. You don't have to. If you make me make seven six. I was asked to be a guest. I'm with your talk shows or I think it's your A&WIOD. They won't even call me back to tell me what the name of the show is. My one on your station in 1964, I was sort of prominent guy, Miami. That's my time and I influenced people by time. If you people can't get it together to be a better way to your station. And if you were the final registration, you were an Indian station. I said, you take a damn frequency. Which my grandmother's friend, Chetty, J. Put on the air in 1926? You've turned the damn thing off and get out of the business. You'll be bored of your senior self when he was rubbing young. And the telephone number is a motel in Miami. From 13, you people ought to be ashamed. You shouldn't even be running that facility. I used to be the boss of the damn thing in 1926. I ran to damn thing, I ran to death. You are a telephone. Oh, I can't help. No credit over the radio. I get on the phone to fetch it. You get on the phone to me. You get me take this, but I'm a telephone. It's just a little ghostly. But it will be because you're doing anyhow. Little radio. Good luck to you, Roby. And that big broadcast booth in the sky. Well, she's floating around up there somewhere. You're into that in purgatory. Roby young, he'd be the best baby, the big hona. I can't find chicken man. It's very depressing and you want to know why? Why? Because it's not something you can type in on the search and find it on there. So it was at the bottom of one of the pages. And since there's only about 45,000 pages on this website, what I'll have to do is tonight at home because I don't have time to do it. Now, I'll have to like, dittle around and find it. And the chicken man thing too. It's worth playing. But we have nothing you'll have looking for it. We had that in Kalamazoo. Oh, that's right. I won't have a lot of fun looking for it. We had that in Kalamazoo on WTPS. Does that on our list? No. No. Was it great station though? For a while, about five minutes. Four minutes till noon here at 5.60W. You all will tell you what the issue is. It's like getting away from us. It's so fast today. And you want to know why? OK. So the North Koreans there working on nooks. We already knew that. They still haven't find a guy named Sniper. This schmuck, this Erhard. He got convicted of murdering his wife. What else? President is still, uh, mhm, mhm, mhm, mhm, mhm, mhm, mhm, mhm, mhm, mhm, mhm, mhm, mhm, mhm, mhm, mhm, mhm, mhm, mhm, mhm, mhm, mhm, mhm, So you have bushes still talking about bull dikes. And that's it. So let's have a little diversion and perversion here. Especially as we await that big moment, 1130 on Monday morning, when the book comes out. Woo, baby. Man, just bring a, bring a nose pin. Put on the end of your nose when those numbers come out. This could be a real disaster. Moths is summer book, you know? That's always a good rationalization. Hey, pizza loft is going strong in their new location. In fact, I'm going to have to take my good friend Marcie from all green there for lunch to pass of our her very soon. Just calm down, Marcie. I'll get to you. Okay, sweetheart. Just give me a couple of minutes to catch my breath. But at any rate, it's on now, Helen Sunrise, right behind wall, greens, it's a fact Marcie can look out the drive in window. They're at the pharmaceutical thing. And then look right at it. Look right at pizza loft. And she's probably doing that every day saying, I wonder when that fat old Jew is going to come by and take me for my nice free lunch at pizza loft. Very soon, Marcie. Very soon. And you want to get by their very soon, because the food is fresh and delicious. The same quality you've come to love and no one expect as the original pizza loft stores. And let me give it both numbers up. If you want to take up delivery catering in the university driving Davy location right by Steve Mazzauce, that number is 9549168880. 9549168880 is right. In fact Jeff Cohen is probably one of Steve M. Customers do when surprise me, because you know him, he's a real party guy. And in the new location there in plantation, you can call 954382999. 3A2999. We don't want to overwork that Davy location. It's on university between Griffin and 595, right behind Pyrwin imports. With a crap load of free parking for you right kitty corner, the airman at look at a thing. And a new one like I said is right on the corner, Navhill and sunrise in the little strip shopping center behind Walgreens. Fresh delicious big portions, cheap prices, three different kinds of great pizza. The best garlic rolls you ever popped in your up post. It's the best in the universe. It's the world famous pizza loft. Why in local? We're sports radio 560's UAE. UAE yeah. Oh, we missed the booths. And I've even been in the world of water now. Hi, I'm Joey D. Formerly of Joey D in the style. I'm also founder of the Rock and Roll Rescon. Where we provide care and treatment for many of the rock and roll stars. You love so much in the past. But whose lives have been destroyed by broken record companies. Stars? Like Mr. D clock over here. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. We'll... You can plainly see why we need your help. Over here we have Danny Lupetus who's saying rhythm for the govones. Every now and then I try to help them out. It's okay, Danny. Okay, I'm down. I will help them. I don't do why. I love you like I do. We show you us a port. By sending your checks to 442, when would Avenue and soaf city? Our email address is runsweak.swine. For more information, just call B-Twood45789. Thank you. You're welcome. This was going to have a gap. I'm sure that. It's 12.03 at 5.60 QM. But any second, Larry Lougex going to be on. Any second. Larry, on your program, since I identified you as the top rock and roll DJ. Do you play the top 412 damage time? I understand. Do you play the top 40 or do you pick your owner as a format before you or how does that work? No, it's about the top 5 here, every 10 minutes. No, it's... It's here. Are you just falling on the radio line? It's very cold. John Lennon, the emitter of theologian in his game. DJ Airclassic 721, be sure you're listening tomorrow for Chuck Bowen's for the ball predictions of the college games going up his weekend. And I'll be at tomorrow night of my program. I start a new service. I'm going to start predicting the outcome of the fights after the high school games. Really, I am. From the big 89. Larry Lougex, play you more hit music. How would you? Nice. 12. Larry Lougex, WLS. So boy gang, it's college old time again here at the beginning nine. You know what happens if they call the drink, pink? She moved in the go. Gosh, that's funny. I'm laughing so hard. I'll have to stop for a minute here. Say in ballic confusion, the temptation's 232 with Larry Lougex, WLS Chicago's Oscar Meyer plant is under pressure within one hour. A Oscar Meyer people have got to come up with 36,000 winners. Just to keep Chicago happy because you have elected the Oscar Meyer all meet, winner number one in Chicago. Everybody loves this mile yet tasty all meet winner. It's number one at Rigletfield. Number one at summer picnic sky. She just a swell winner. It's fun to put her near mouth and bite down on it. And number one at the tables of Chicago. Will they make it? Oscar Meyer come up with an up all meet winners. Does satisfying Chicago? Yeah man. The deadline for having 1971 license plate on is only a little over a month away midnight. Monday, February 15. And if you plan to apply for your place by mail, application should be at the Secretary of State's office in Springfield no later than January 25th, which is only 25 take away 11. That's two weeks gang to allow for processing in delivery. Because I mail them off third class and that takes a little more time. One low bass 89. A Larry Lugack morning show. In a completely unprecedented move I have actually showed up for work on time today, leaving the entire audience. God that a man is in gasping for breath. 505 the Winnie City at WLS. It's called top 40 but at most major market stations anymore it's not actually 40 records. They've cut the playlist back. It's pretty tight. It's usually about 25, 26 records with some oldies sprinkled in. But it's no longer most top 40 stations aren't. That's the way it originally started. It's top 40 stations played the top 40 records. But most stations anymore have cut it back to about 20 by 20. It's a frustrating for you. I mean sometimes you're like, play something that you like. Yeah well I'd like to, I'd like to get on and play nothing but whale and gennings and a world-haired. But a much money play and whale and gennings and a lot of players. I play a rock and roll. It's Reiner and a D-Tradweaver. Sambo with a bluegrass on. I think it does his noise he's loud. And good calling his song. Hey let's check out guys a well-orgive haven. It isn't examin' here. You cannot call rock music. Kid music anymore. It's not just kid music. Still kids like it but a girl who was a 15 year old high school sophomore when Elvis came along with Harbrake Hotel is now 35 years old and a lot of them still like it. They like them loud guitars or mop them floors. It's what you will grow up with. That's yeah. I mean everybody gets to be 35. I'm only 23 myself. You just live hard. Hard life. I'm only 23. I'm only 23. I'm only 23. Tell me, Stan Lairloot Jack is Chicago 515 of WLS. Okay. We could have done without Tom Snyder. Great talent Larry Lou Jack. A real asshole personally but it goes to show his just a radio show. Just a radio show. You never really know. What we got a great list. How's that thing coming by the way? I guess I could click over and take a look for myself. I'll see 28 for WQM. Well that's an old brainer. We got a lot of these soft photo people who lived here their whole lives. They think that's the best top 40 AM station that was ever on the air. Like George he thinks that was it. Katsmeow. WABC 13. That's because of all in the Yorkers. Look at that WFU Wednesday. WLS which we just had Larry Lou Jack on air. WAP on you didn't remind me. I can do it tomorrow but I better do it today. The grease man. WFU. WABC 13. WFU. WFU. WBZ13. It's just we're just getting this thing going. In fact well we'll see how long we want to leave this thing on here. You know. Because we're going to do this again tomorrow. Oh not again. Yeah. Now they're on air hypothesis. The sniper connected with Al Qaeda. And I listen to it about 30 seconds of the wolf let's go to the radio. They haven't got any idea who it is. Not until they get them in questioner with a whet towel over his head. Exactly. Well maybe he's already got a towel over his head but I don't know if it's wet or not. 9 minutes after noon at 5.60 WCU I am. Don't let me forget grease man. I think we'll do that next. WAPE the big ape. Or the grape ape. You know there's never been a better time to buy yourself a new home or refinance. You're existing home then right now as I speak. How about this? How about a rate of only 3.95% that's right. Financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95% All you got to do is pick up that phone and call financial group and find out about it at 1-800-940-LND. That's 1-800-940-5363. The money you're going to save is amazing. Think about it. You can get yourself a hundred thousand dollar loan from 1-450 bucks a month or a 200 thousand loan from 1-9150 bucks a month. The process is very easy. You're going to save yourself thousands of dollars each year. So call our friends at financial group at that toll free number 1-800-940-LND. There's never been a better time to get to it low interest rate than right now. Call financial group you'll be on your way to big savings. If they're an equal housing lender, credit restrictions do apply and rates is subject to change if you wait too long. So call them toll free today 1-800-940-LND. That's 1-800-940-5363. Come on, my and low call. This is 4-3-5-64. You wait too long yet. Now, record it in front of us eight on is a beautiful cello. Sony Hollywood California. Oh, this is my window. Kathy, yes mom. Are you having that not so fresh feeling? How do you know? Mom's no these things. Hello? Oh, it's you. Now come on, my mom, who's that? It's a degrees mom. What should we do? I got a screen that got so fresh feeling. I can't breathe. She's a cello. She's a cello. What are you doing? Make her stop. Mom, I just need to run. Get this in that. Oh mom. Have I? Yes, Kathy. You've been doucheed by an angel. Oh mom. Oh Kathy. Oh, tell her. Turn in next street and find out what happens when Deligries meet Mr. T from the age team. What? You want to get my all next freak on? To be out. Okay, now you think this thing is going to pop up under or not. That's what I think I just screwed it up. Anyway, it's called 14 at 560 WQM. I think I just screwed it up, George. Oh. Uh oh, I guess I better go back to that again. I hate this thing, you know? When it works, it's great when it doesn't work. Oh, there it is. The grease man WAP Jacksonville. And I clicked it and says stop your player and then go back to your browser and select into exhibit. What does that mean? What the hell does that mean? Is the beat is the beat not going to get on the scale of the air water? Are you getting on the scale? Or are you just no, why not? Oh, I think I know why. Oh, tomorrow. Yeah, he's probably in there and it's Anthony's puke and he's got a picture of Moe's looking at probably to inspire his puke and this is not from me. Oh, my god. Look at that. That's terrible. It's a picture of Moe and it's he's head is chopped off at the piece. You know what I'm saying? You know that will say let's cut him off into pass. Well, somebody cut him off at the piece. It's the before. Oh, brother. Well, let's see. Stop your player. Okay. Stop your player. Excuse me for doing this, but I just got no choice. Stop your player. There you go. Stop it. And go back and take four steps back and then try again. The grease man. Okay. You think this is going to work now or not? No. How do you know? I don't know. I'm just guessing. Well, it's it's looking out of there, baby. It's the old there. There you go. It's clicking. It's working. It's moving. It's thinking about it. It's working. Oh, it's working. Oh, it's working. Oh, it's working. Okay. Everybody knows this. Let's take the Miami version. We've heard this on the free version. Really? No. Let's take the Miami version. Time for two. Before the game is only something and here is the Well, I guess I have a little wings. New good. Oh, yeah, really well, and fault. I spent too much time this weekend. But, uh, then it's gone! Oh! Yeah, I want to do the dog and my skintite set and dance. I'd like to share it over the way. You're gonna copy this about the chest there. A new room of dangling with aliens. With air that I saw at Oriental Girl. I walked up to her, I said, hey, yeah, down there. This is true. It's sad way. She's in, oh no. Not sideways, honorable. Wait, man, that's sideways, I said, okay, you should show. A later on, I saw her go off to the top flight and slide down the banister. And I heard a noise is sounded like this. Oh my god. Michael Jackson! No! No! Don't pick up the sofa! All right, now 73 Jacksonville's beef! Oh no! Oh no! It's a double way, I mean, not only that I started the room, speed I got it on the wrong side of the record. I am nothing, I am poop, I am do-no! I am nothing, I am poop, I am poop, I am poop, I am poop, yeah, let me flexulate myself. Yeah, I deserve it too. This is difficult to do, but because I am that kind of guy. I'll do it. Oh no! I'm gonna do it! Oh no! Oh no! Oh no! Okay, back to the here. Shut up! Stop it! Hey buddy! Oh, wait! But you're lips in that bang. So I'm in a tear to stick to the big egg. Oh, you ready to take a little trip? Are you factive? Well, you don't need much, you don't need you to the other one, because where we're going, it's okay to stink. Who? I must be coming here, huh? Chicken Man, we got a thanks-five boy. Five boys just wheeling over the building. And it must have been a jewelry rental thing that inspired him so much, you know? I got it. I'm clicking it. It's not doing anything yet, but it will. Okay. Just like Father or Tool at that hole. You know, it will, believe it will. I don't see it doing nothing now. I'm clicking play. Oh, you want it or why didn't stop the other one. Did I stop the other one? The grease man, you're stopped him. Get out of here, grease man. Well, we'll see if it comes up, it'll come up, and I'll just shut up if not. Good luck to it. Now, another exciting episode in the life of the most fantastic crime fighter the world has ever known. The world has never known. Pensionhunter, employed as the shoesailsman for a large downtown department stores, Vince is begins. He's only two days off, striking terror into the hearts of criminals everywhere as the white winged warrior called Chicken Man. How did it come about that Pensionhunter weekend winged warrior selected the busy of the chicken in his crusade against the forces of evil? Now it can be told. Yes, man, help you. How do you do? I'm looking for a costume. What did you have mine? Something that will strike terror into the hearts of criminals everywhere. I see. Well, how about this? No, I don't think so. Why not try it on? Very well. Here, I'll help you. Thank you. There you are. Take a look at the mirror. Hmm. Not bad. I wonder if you would permit me to conduct a quick experiment outside the store. Certainly. Pardon me sir. Here? Are you by chance a vicious criminal? Uh-huh. Fine. Would you take a look at this costume by worrying? Yeah. Do you feel anything strange? Uh-huh. Anything at all? All right, yeah. And what is that? All right, uh, like the kisha. Kiss me? Yeah. I'll be with Com for that. Because you look like an adorable bunny rabbit. Well, how do I go? What else do you have? Uh, teddy bear and a chicken. A teddy bear? To be cute. Wrap up the chicken please. The listening tomorrow. From other exciting episodes in the life of the most fantastic crime fiber of the world has ever known. Yeah. Yeah. I see that one was kind of weak because it was the first one. This was a series. It was a serial thing. Like a thing. It was a syndicated thing like ACN and ACN all these other stations, rock stations. We had it in a column as a way it chicken man. Yeah, to be there. 560, 560, palm 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Yeah, we could still add other stations to it. Probably unlikely because they're going to get all bent out of shape. And once he starts getting ready, you have to set he starts really eating heavy duty. You know? Well, I do have to. I do want to put this on here. Well, here's a moose man. Result of that session. Uh-huh. Ha-ha-ha-ha. They have a press conference every day to tell a public that we know nothing. And that they're discounted the description of the van by the one witness. Uh, we don't believe them. So every day they come out and tell us they know less than we thought they knew before. And our keeps on. We need some privacy. And we need to be left alone and don't be buttoned in here and interfere with our investigation. Even though we know nothing. So the moose man is on loose. I report on that. Yeah. Anyway, one way before Governor Jim Bush side of controversial bill in April, that made it harder for local communities to be moved billboards. The founder of one of Florida's biggest billboard companies gave 25, thousand dollars to the Republican Party of Florida. Oh, the money came in two personal checks from Carl L. Arophenics, a long time contributed to Republican candidates. And the founder of L. Aure Media, L. O. Sold the company in its vast billboard inventory, two clear channel communications for $1.2 billion in 1997, and served as chairman and CEO of the companies have to advertise unit till last year. L. O's gifts of 20 grand of the state's GOP and five grand of the party's federal account are both listed by the party's FM received March 28th. That date fell midway between a two week period after the legislature passed the bill and before Bush be signed in it. To one leading critic of the billboard industry, it doesn't look like a coincidence. A major player in the outdoor advertising industry was taken a distinct interest in Florida politics, said Bill Britain, a Jacksonville lawyer in chairman of Citizens for scenic Florida, which has been battling the industry on various fronts. All I know is it's horrible public policy said it's horrible. What he said. Just a coincidence in it. No, no. WQAN. Yes sir. I just want to tell you that chicken man that you played. Yeah. Rick Shaw used to play it back in the 60s. I know you just said it was a syndicated thing. Right. He used to play it also on the OQAN. And also there's a website called Real Radio, R-E-E-L. No. What were you thinking I'm playing all this stuff from? Oh, that wasn't from? Yeah. I didn't know that. That's okay. Don't feel bad. All right. I just didn't know if you know. Just don't do it again. Just don't do it again. Just don't do it again. Just don't do it again. Just don't do it again. You can't listen right from the beginning so they don't know where I'm getting all of this stuff. It's from the website realradio.com. R-E-E-L realradio.com. So, you know, if we only do this for like 4,500 days, there'll probably be a lot of other stuff. I don't have time to play. In addition to which all of these things, every one of these clips goes on a lot longer than what I'm playing. You know, if I want to just be take the lazy way out. Like this one for example goes on for 26 and a half minutes. Are you ready for that? Well, I don't think I clicked it right. I'm trying to click it and it just don't seem to want to do anything. The Dave Mickey show, C-K-E-Y, and Toronto, C-K-E-Y, it seems to be. Guys, get it! That's the key! Just want to try and pull it out with the other one. Come on, let me go! Alright, I feel like that doubts about from Steve and Bobby and Borddown. I've all supposed to say hello to, uh, Porky Buck up there. Yeah, I've all got to. Porky Buck has the exact 4K thing of a jig there. And I have a dog named Porky. Ha! It's about that time. What do you mean for that? I ain't far and golden, practic. You'll be the part of a lesson from the goals of a pipe, baby. He can't keep y, into Toronto. Yeah! And I like this stuff, and this is all a goal. I'ma there, but they're making sure that I time. I'm Dylan and the live of this color. Here's a big shot of the ball. We'll let's set up in the past. It's been 24-5, 7-8 times. You can't hear this, but you're with me. You can't hear me. You can't hear me. You can't hear me. You can't hear me. You can't hear me. That's the one, 4-5, 7-8 times. It's on a goal. All of us and goals out to it. The night time, all the day, making sure I'm fine. Baby, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Exactly. That's exactly right. Whatever that sound was, he made their theory. They're all on speed, baby. Wow. Man, between the reverb and the hysteria. No, what are everybody was all whipped up? And jammed up and jelly tight. Whatever that sound was. Who did that? Jam up and jelly. What is it? Dilly tight. You didn't hear the grease man, because somebody was bugging you about something else, but he was doing about, uh, talking about the going and stuff. It was great. Did you hear that? Yes. Sensational. Something about kiss my tosses. And he actually said it like like that. 26 after noon at 5-60, WQA, and let me tell you about an easy thing. A piece of cake, sharpened for a new mattress. Just make one easy call reach over. Pick up your instrument right now. Stick your finger on it and call 1-800 mattress. There'll be no time at all delivering right to your door. One of the greatest mattresses probably the best one you've ever had. Name brands were talking about the best in the world. Surtas, see these cinnamon king corals, and your bed is so damn important for you. Just think of all the things you do on your bed, for example. Besides sleeping, and as far as the sleeping part is concerned, if your back isn't feeling right, you're not feeling right. And you got a problem. And probably a good part of that problem is a crappy old worn out mattress. So get it right mattress today. By making that one easy call 1-800 mattress like I always do. You picked it in the 2-104 delivery. Seven days a week when it's convenient for you. Like between noon and 2-1-3-2-4-3-17-5-17. It said we're in. You get that 30 day in home comfort gear and t-shirt. You can test it up the smart way. Not like Fredo, but the smart way. By sleeping on it and doing your thing on it for up to a month. So column right now, they'll be there. And not gonna on you door like I said in no time at all. 1-800 mattress, 1-800 and let's do the thing about Miguel and the spot too about how he's screwing his brains on it. 1-800-MATT-R-E-S, or check him out on the way if you like it. Mattress.com. My life and love. This is 4-T-056. You way and way and way. Yeah. 1-Bretzel, double-new chiseled house. In my every. Hungry? Looking for a place where you can get great Chinese food to go. Then you'll want to go straight to Booping Palace. Look at it right in the heart of Chinatown. There's nothing more satisfying than pooping on a Saturday night. Guys, after a hard day at work, your girl will just love pooping. And let's not forget the kids. They'll love pooping too. Once you've tried pooping, you'll want to make pooping a habit. If you like pooping, don't forget to call the head. Pooping Palace in Chinatown. If you like things a little spicy. Try our sister restaurant. Pooking. Whether it's pooping or pooping, you'll be having a great time. I think that's where we're. We're. 1231 at 5.60 WCM now. How come we've had nobody call it a bob green when it was on QM before we went to Keter in Detroit before we became general manager of a. You look like. The key better of you is to let their look alike. And I want to see this transit to radio. Send this your photo until us wish one of a kid or DJ. You look like. Send your photo to look like. Count this. Boxed 1600 did twice. 31 photos are not. Returnable. Count this. That's good night by 10. We're going to see you. I don't know. Six. I'm a new key. 13 Bob Green Show. Remember to get it. Come on. After the record. Department of Corvettes on telegraph. Road. West Chicago tomorrow afternoon. Two to four p.m. I'm going to have over 203 hot. Hot. Hot. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. You know, I don't think I've played this either. We got an air check on here from when he was on a station. About twenty six three. How do you like that? The lead. What up feeling? Reaching. Part two of the team. Chapter 12. The clock. The cube time. The Bopogram. For a witness day. Which is out Thursday. That's very exciting. Hard to do. Youams! You cut today, I'm Monday, right? Grandma, okay, we can. Okay, continue. We might also have some great stuff going on. Tell them. Welcome to Spain to the Kill Traits. Have a clothe for you and a big quilt. higher clue thing and a couple of minutes right here Jimmy Gillard there you go Jimmy Gillard the fireballs and a thing called sugar shack one of the great big ones exclusively heard first right here on okay the minute or so here stand by because I'm ready to give you a big clue on the car say but first I want to remind you that the date tell the agricultural department that you that you visit our offices you go visit the office the date tell the agricultural office I am the date tell you about the law I see well then you'll likely to tell the folks yeah out there ready a land what's the tomato slice of that through properly and it can you here and tell them what they're planning what's going to happen if you put them in a in a hot house well I got a wilt well yeah I'm that's what I thought you say be sure to wait until the weather turns a little cooler before planning to made us friends like my going places okay here goes a clue as to where car number three did you hear that the reverb when it like that there it says on here it says both if you went to QM had what they call accent reverb and the jack pushed a button the kick it into loud which he just did right there so I remember some fun old devices like in broom closets and garages yeah so the there was a button on the board and when he wanted to like give the assent to when he had a really heavy duty reverb like we just turned there he had did it by the way love the show it's Tommy Roe says some facts right there Tommy Roe Jam up in Joey tight thank you very much love the show Tommy Roe rhymes with mo 5 6 7 0 5 60 you need to say it's 25 to 1 already and that was really match-rudge good god WQAM yeah yeah you're speaking to him sir you're a man you're a man that uh... some mister question yeah please mister custer by Larry bar right or even well what about one calm mr bush please mister boy yeah good idea well pass on the book of right okay they are going to work at it but with a rocket in your butt okay thank you he said mister bush go over there with a rocket in your butter something like that and that would be said rectum think remember please mister custer by the court of horrible record man was one of the worst records ever made so i think we got every station let's see how that thing is coming i know that this station is going to win people go to say well he put that on there so qa would look at what's it kind of what we're doing now nothing no an initiative which i thought of what i could not vote at home i would vote for keener in the toward wk and are and obviously like i told you we don't have any minister people out there what is it got one vote one vote wk and are new to i mean that that's scandalous that is scandalous what about wsyz wcfl's only got one wl w where did i have to come from that's in Cincinnati but where did where did they come from i think he's playing fast in loose with the syron stick in some of them and that's fine records a great station at least he used to be but uh... you know he's got his own antingle and over there okay five or more greatest top forty a m radio station ever wmc in europe five oh sorry just change again uh... cklw and w ap the big eight five wnbc six kdk six wfu and eight wls fourteen wbc eighteen and wqa and forty six oh god are we doing it huh so on monday for the numbers come out really crappy i'll just will just whip this thing i'll say hey look at a say still always you know they think we're the best released used to be about forty years ago anyway don't forget joined jocostella one might have uh... what is it to see one of they say that way i want to pick an on the gell again he writes great promos hillstar bitchy wild again right now that's a strange the way it's written join jocostella and mike's harlamina is my gonna be there personally is you're gonna be hard hardening the lemonade join jocostella and mike's harlamina this afternoon four to six at public's at thirteen oh five university drive and cruel sprain stop by the wind prices and registered to win a pair of really great tickets to the homes that mommy's speedway in november that sounds like a joccey thing that last part sounds like an incestuous speedway thing you know because he's obsessed with that crap twenty two till one we got the mad dog and one o'clock hack is got a full four hours today wow man he must be we've used insurios and uh... brand muffins and then speaking of brand muffins he's got between five and six bino as part of the show today between three and seven the big oh well i'm also curious seven ten because we have nobody else who worked that cheap and then you got the sicko panther preview eight to eight thirty no course if brand Murray was still a gm how would he say sicko and then you got floater panthers at the black hogs eight thirty far in the hockey game is eighty k and do a mark overnight yeah it goes don't be doing that now don't be doing a brand Murray on the air you got a promise already most of us niche on if you do that especially after this comment you made it a but his uh... rug and it's new comments about dry concepts couldn't clean his own yet that's something like that i said they do twenty one two one is five sixty wq a and is this sound like you perhaps overworked underpaid stuck in a really horrendous crappy useless dead and job under appreciated i bet you lot of you feel i way like uh... all of us here feel i under appreciated even even those of us making a few bucks under appreciated do you stuff a favorite pick up the phone call our good piezons at fast train toll free one eight six six fast train the demand for certified computer professionals has never been bigger than it is right now and fast ranking help you achieve a new career is little as a short time as four easy months that's right fast rate of south落 is large a certified Microsoft training center with locations all over time they're in my either for a lot of their and pember pines and now they're in kendel fast train offers you convenient day evening we can classes they get a full-time job placement department with over 30 years so if you really are overworked or underpaid under appreciated stuck in the dead and job are all of these things don't wait one more minute pick up the protocol fast train this new obligation eight six six fast train stop and think about it in just four short months you can be on your way to becoming a high paid computer professional and clear with greater and potential and a big fat paycheck every payday take my advice call fast train today toll free one eight six six fast train that's one eight six six fast train or check them on the web at fast train dot com there's a butt I smell it Uncle Billy when I get older what you marry me oh I I won't be getting married again besides I don't think I could keep up with you but mom is dead that's why you drink for sure your mom and gives me that so I have enough energy to keep it up I mean keep up with her keep what up you learn about that little later right now I need to can't have for sure because your mom is bringing home a girlfriend and we're gonna sail the old skinboat to be your co- where's beaver call for sure raises more than just energy yeah oh and that thing came up again damn it oh no server alert oh you're playing that yeah I never even know it's gonna come want me try one more time okay to fill in I thought you got a new account and I don't want to play that thing lee Allen WSYZ well I'll be gosh dang man 567 056 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line 16 to 1 o'clock already I feel like I just set my fan astound here you know WQAM yes stick fine we're going over the right crack hi Dick how you doing good run here Dick I think I know the guy the WBBS Jo Dean Leon Margarita no Jo Dean Jerry Jerry Fogel Jerry Fogel was on him Jo Dean Nick Nixon also yes my mother dated Howard Samuel oh no presumably before she married my father did she did he give her a big bag of money well you know the details are kind of hazy I was that was very young at the time I don't think I was born yeah I'll I can tell you as I went to school with his kid Bill Samuels who was a good looking kid he was here behind me in school and a real idiot a jerk well I know how I've heard certainly made his uh made his name well known yeah he sure did and I hey thanks for the I WKBW stuff I was big fan of Danny never yeah he was all over chicken man too and don't forget Max Robinson oh and uh and June weller you know you almost killed me I was on 95 yeah and I here B Farber Bobby Huntress and June weller I had to swirl to avoid easier hey listen you might as well stop and uh give me at least the wash him down a little bit too he's probably got a lot of mud on him you know he's buried in the infield at bay meadows out in um outside of San Francisco I saw him set the track record in Northville down's at least where you used to be the track record you was a hell of a horse well with June weller's maiden name before she married Jay weller diller that's right you Dylan right well it was close red argan how do you like that I'm on top of it man you see you got to go a long way to catch me and then I'll start throwing some of those neat trick names that you don't have any idea who I'm talking about weller could be what about uh I thought you were coming out last night I'm coming out this weekend okay I've got a homecoming gift for you really yes I hope it's a big bag of money to make up for last season are you well it is a big bag of something yeah I probably walling Hennessy left it for me I can imagine what would be in that sack see this weekend dig okay thanks bye bye I like that dig find bird from pop at a park where we're doing a wednesday Friday and Sarah let's give her free plug what do you say should we give her free plug no okay well why not they've been treating me great for like 26 years now they feed me we'll go to the fat man too how's fat rich doing by the way you're asking that I don't know I heard he's practicing because uh Jay feeler got injured I heard he was a practice in the old pigskin it was working on the football tossing it around that's what I heard could be wrong I don't know I haven't well hopefully he'll be able to make it this weekend and my good friend Derek which I see V8 one last night Derek where were you on a phone Derek or I think he's out of town too bad wally Hennessy didn't call me up and tell me hey you better come out and better couple a hundred and I knew because uh V8's gonna win tonight come on while he get with it you hard as how's it going hey wally don't forget the pants is actually a car was speaking of wally Hennessy big hockey fan course we don't have a hockey team here anymore but anybody cares anyway and you want to know why because his mold would say hockey sucks and that what he says something like that something like that I never heard him say it why not you don't listen to that show we're just thinking five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T well we got a whole bunch more of this stuff tomorrow and uh I was gonna cut a couple of these other websites too don't forget to give me those pictures back I gave you the day oh okay those reunion prees indeed they're on they're filed they're filed I bet they're filed in a circular file that's on a frito I defiled them I want to show those to mom see what you're oh is that hey yeah she's lucky she can remember her own name okay at her age and I don't blame her 12 minutes till one at five sixty wqa m qa m hello hey how you doing pretty good pretty good right here like to speak the kneel you're speaking to him yeah sounds like me oh kneel what's up oh yeah I would kind of shock you just somebody else here yeah not anymore he he listen he's to underpaid to be answering phones okay okay listen want to ask your questions yes sir how far do you think that the pants are gonna go this year from above here from above here to the wall from here to the wall they suck what did you just say I don't know my brain shut off when he said the pants are right exactly I mean while we're talking about pants are now and they screwed you people and you keep showing up you just don't get it they screwed you big time oh and by the way Pavel Burri it seems to me this first big game back after his uh after his knee surgery and then he had the strip throw to what I first game back against the leaves and of course Trevor kid couldn't stop a bowling ball two goals and then assist against the kidter and isn't a Trevor kid that was open in a big mouth last year about Pavel is he's bad in the dressing room and he's divisive and he's lazy and yeah right Trevor you couldn't stop a goddamn walrus from a hundred miles away okay Trevor the human's siv give me a break what did I tell you about him big trouble maker big mouth but the leaf organization they don't ask me about all these stiffs under's ericson top fits cereal who used to be good 100 years ago who's now making bag passes the lead to breakaway goals by Matthew Barnaby of all people mat to rat I mean what are we talking about here huh see a dickfimer got me starting all this hockey stuff with all the harness racing names tug void Alex when your bucky day bucky day great bucky day baby Mike safftick that's gonna be our pull question tomorrow's Mike safftick that's the pull question man I love that thing we're uh for the eight man we was talking about the tosses and the the goi man that was that was beautiful and here was I thought I was the only one that didn't need a shun ear and he's up there and Jackson loves the time how do you like that I'm hit that one over there just talking to you guys to go and he was talking to you just to red necks oh we got a few 10 before one at five sixty w q a we all have different lifestyles folks therefore need different products for our health. Older men are training formulas our advanced combinations a pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with vitamins and minerals and orables and all kinds of other good nutrients scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs look for all your meds three brand new formulas they have one to help you sleep one to help manage your weight and of course that great coins I'm Q ten I'll be using the benefits of the best olive oil on a planet. Older men is an outstanding product that's available at public at accurate at wall greens for more information you can call older men tool free one eight six six oldio men that's one eight six six six five three sixty six thirty three and don't forget you can also order all of their products get more info as well on their website. Older men America dot com and if you visit your nearest public and by an only met product and Broward at e counties you'll get you a coupon for a free Larry cocker Bible head doll while supplies last will be due don't forget to visit their sampling for it in its fourth time every Sunday when the offensive playing home games pick up free only met samples and product information to pop some in your post today. statsdeb a penis I've never had one I swear around00 I'm the leader, I'm the leader, what you be doing Just be a mess, just like a token, watch the star Is you dead cause you are had to oblique me for me Is you deflake and you're my mere, O'Vismoves Because they lack, are you shardless, you scoundrel, is the Of the way you wash and off the whiteest cause You're the juniors, and he trust you, God believe you To set our allies on the greedy, O'Vismoves But then he make you in all the whiteest battle The couple seem to enjoy it, and then scrub the floor They tell you, don't waste and all, God don't leave you Your home keep don't help make them warm, rich and pure You're not being naked, but you slide it, be well-proved If you feel what you feel that's open to you When they while you be stepping fast, they'll be alive That they're dreaming you just like your as the road That's when your head will move from touch to touch From the lead low, it's just bullshit from here They be crack or asshole We're gonna slide to late in the Boston, Logan International I got a delta jet there sitting on the thing on a runway Security check, you see that? Can I shoot somebody heard beeping and they said they found some tennis shoes It's some beeping going on Oh no, she did that again We don't have time for leon anyway WSYZ was a great station at day prints and leon and Joel Sebastian And once upon a time, Joey was there too, which proves nothing is perfect It says Pembroke Pines porters read it again, this time westbound on Tastory Just before flaming a road, hiding in the bushes at the pillbox Plaza The speed limit is 30 or 35, but by the time you realize the over-limate Viteiner 12 miles an hour, as you come around the bend and then you're screwed They've got so many cars pulled over looks like a gathering on the lawn The other place these assholes are doing is on the west side of flaming a road as you come southbound