You know we need to set the charge yard? What's that? Here it is. Please enjoy the presentation. I got some. Why the you passed it? No, no, no, no, no. Baby, not you couple missiles. To our place we know. Yeah. And hey, no matter fell. Who's for Stain Begins with OO! Oh! There's one thing we all understand. Huh? How can it won't be finished? Until we blow up Pakistan. We could chase him round forever. With our tanks and all our troops, A special force is our spare time. Of jumping through with our moves. Jesus Christ, you know we need another airplane. Here. So let's cut out all the nonsense. And we'll blow up Pakistan. All right. How can it uneatenably or tame? Why don't we stop for Stain Begins with OO! Pakistan. Yeah. Boom, boom. 902 at 5.60WQA. But everything is like, uh, this is the day. I just feel like a turning point in our lives today. I don't know what that is. But you just have that feeling. George has turned about 14 degrees shorter. He's about 2 foot 7 now. Maybe you can be the new Timmy on passions. Because the cherry's got enters all screwed up. But we're not going to go into a whole thing today because the audience doesn't like the tone of that. You know, we ought to apologize to the audience for the tone of yesterday's show because it was a rude awakening coming back here. Just like the overhead right now. It's a really weak, very, very weak. Here I thought there was in paradise and they're coming to find out I'm in hell. In fact, I think remember the pool we took a few days ago about is there a heaven or hell? And I think 90 110% of the people said there is a hell and we're living in it. South Florida. And I think maybe some of them had a point. How about yesterday's pool 809 votes on there? Kind of on a marginal side. Boca Brides knew this is doing well by the way. Did you see that? We're going to got 30 I think? So should have a hundred by the end of the weekend. Because there isn't one person out there who shouldn't have their own copy of Restitution and Moe Bits by you, one got 40 great bits on there. Doing all of the most of it. In order to say, Jesus Christ, I don't know if that's on her, I guess not. Well, that's something to look forward to. 809 votes we asked, which South Florida's talk show host do you think is the oldest? Moe Howard David wins, hands down your pants. 313. I'll tell you one thing. His ratings may not be too strong, but he sure's one lot of polls on his show, you know? He is he ranks very high with his audience. 313 votes 38.6%. Mike Reneary 187 23.1% for old Mikey. Hey, WIOD listeners, before you click that switch in the morning, make sure you fill your bowl with Renerios. Renerios meets the recommended daily allowance of news traffic and weather while giving you the minimum daily requirement of stimulating talk. Just one morning dose of Renerios and you'll swear you're hearing quality entertainment. Just one morning dose of Renerios and you'll swear you're hearing quality entertainment. Renerios fortified with eight essential pharmaceuticals to give you the energy to make it through the show. Renerios, you'll love the crispy, corny flake in those lovable marshmallow Henry's Elaine's bobs and sunny's. Renerios, part of a complete breakfast treatment. Renerios should be used and directed and should not be given a children of the age of 50. In case of overdose, look at the other pages under Rue Guemogra. I've got a little tired of that crap. I can tell you right now. Okay. Anyway, Renerios came in second 187. What I'm pretty sure Mikey's older name. I'm positive of that, but I'm also positive Moe is a hell of an orange here. It's refreshing now and it is mild and maybe it'll come back up again. Here now that we're back on Internet Explorer as opposed to a new and that's gave newskate. Let's gave sucks. And I think we all just a little bit of a apology to our friends at Bell Sopp. Even though we don't have any friends at Bell Sopp and they do suck because George is at home. He uses Bell Sopp because he has no other choice and they suck their bad bad internet server. And all over Hollywood and all over Hollywood and everybody made all the ships that see and everybody he knows. So let's not get too carried away. But after 40 minutes of real excruciating, aggravation of this morning I finally decided well let's let's Schmidt can let's get in. And travel in an at Explorer and there it is. Everything is working just fine. It's just a. All we're fine. 814 votes like I said 117 for Moe. Oldest talk host in town. Micriterie 187. Neorige is 133 in the Humphor 65 which is interesting as I told him. Don't you remember the day that I we uh somebody facts me that thing from the ESPN website. And the Humphor don't care. He's lost 25 pounds by the way. Did you know that? Yes. Why didn't know the exact number but I saw him for a first time in months yesterday at one o'clock. He's been slid and I said you've lost an answer to me. He said 25 pounds. So we're all losing it here baby. We're trying to buck the trend. Oh and guess what's going to be on channel 4 next week. They're doing these series and they don't say anything. That's what all these puff pieces they do you know on the diets on diets. The diet all this week that we're doing the atkins thing. And they talked about well it's more expensive. I mean it's not a question to more expensive. It's a question of what's healthier for you. And are you going to lose the weight and are you going to have to all those medical bills as far as expenses concern, which evidently that don't concern alumnus fat as needle sunshine. Who the hell's he going to be talking about diets? Somebody slim like me. I can be talking about diets. Anyway next week they're doing balance for life. Excellent. Another signings are a buddy Troy. Hey, Troy. Oh, which on a mass weed heart you're becoming a giant success. Oh, Hank had 65 hosts 80 K 49 didn't do too bad. Steve can Mr. Eagle 33 which I'm sure he's older. Now I'm a Kent 17 and demand dog still wound up with 13 votes. Even after we told them that he's only 53. He and Norma I would assume would be the two youngest on at list when you think certainly. And even after you tell him that they still don't get it. But that's okay. We don't really give a crap about that. Just get on there and vote your brains out. Another reason I've played that list bomb Pakistan thing this morning. Did I mention that the next gave sucks? Yes. And Greg sucks too. By the way, in fact that'll be one of our polls next week. Who sucks most Greg or Netscape? Because Greg just blows the big one. I mean, he just invests into me. He's just humiliating and disgraceful as what he is. You're good buddy. By the way, do you get your new contract? No. Not in there waiting for your signature? No. I can't believe that. Early results from Thursday's election in Pakistan show strong gains for an alliance of hard-line Islamic parties in areas near the border with Afghanistan as well as the solid performance elsewhere by the religious coalition. The Taliban. Ah. How do you like their maples, huh? Pakistan's election committee has begun to release preliminary results from the vote which reveal successes for a coalition of pro-Taliban religious parties across the provinces close to the Afghan border. The balloting is the country's first since President Pervert Mushar of the United States. The United States has been a strong and anti-American platform that called for an end of Pakistan's support for the West-led war on terror in Afghanistan. The coalition of six hard-line parties had a clear majority. And Pakistan's Northwest Province legislature, the election commission said, the religious parties were also doing better than expected in the southern port city of Karachi in a southern part of Punjab province amid a strong undercurrent of resentment over the US war in Afghanistan. Elsewhere the race appeared close in line with pre-election polls. How do you like that? Sporadic of violence during voting left seven people did. Hey, they're not far buried and they're civilized man, just like us. Sporadic violence during voting left seven people. That is the military government held the elections as a historic return to democracy. Right. All the getch keys are out there saying, we hate the USA to burden all of us in FG and stuff like that. So let's hear it for a good friends of the Pakistani. George's got a little problem with that share. The chair is for a person to talk to Pete Tall and being like four foot fibers in the other way around the chair because the expense of one broke again. Now I don't know what would break a thick metal. How are we going to get this chair? Relaxed the backstored both of them. That's a nice share. That's by years ago. Right. But somebody broke the steel pin. What kind of a person? Josh Friedman. Somebody like that. Somebody big and fat in the disgusting who smells real bad. Somebody like Josh Friedman. How do you like Speaker of people? I don't waste much as they used to. How do you like much nice office in there? Aren't that impressive? Duffison and then there were Sam used to be right with a whole bunch of equipment behind them. And I was here the exterminators in there this morning too. I don't know if there's any connection with that. But man, I said what you do? You said get rid of Lakukaracha. I don't know they had so many cockroaches in Venezuela. I bet they do. You know if they're in the mountains. Can you imagine? Those were the cockroaches. That is a horrible place. That's my advice. You're folks. Number one. Don't get that scape. Number two. Do not go to Karakas. Oh man. I get to Willy's just thinking about that. The taxi trip from the airport into the downtown to the Sheraton Karakas. You could buy a white jacket to Panama hat right here in town. Oh man. I'm telling you all these little tin huts. Venezuela isn't like a third world country. It's an 80th world country. It's the end of the world. But they got a lot of oil. We like the people that have oil. Okay. If you don't have oil, screw you. Now, Israel don't have any oil. But they do have a lot of Jews there. Say which is good now. That's why we like Israel because it's become fashionable. Because we're waiting for them again. Isn't that we're waiting for? Yeah. To blow up the goddamn world. All our good Christian friends want to lead this by the way. Friends want to lead this by the hand. Right. Yeah. Make us an offer. We can't refuse. For a business. Go ahead. Let's see. We got you. Man. Did you want today? Got Hank Goldberg. And any kid called or plunging their brains out this afternoon. All four hours. They want that. Joe 530 to 630. Let's see. The dolphins have to play a sunny night in Denver. You think most can you think his piece will be floating in that thin air up there in Denver? You think they're going to have to put like Esther glue to keep it down? Let's take care of it. I see. Well, then ought to be like in the middle of his head by the end of the third quarter. By the way, it's Orlando Marry. Okay. I checked with every sports expert in this building yesterday, including the Humphor who knows his crap. It made. Orlando Marry. Not Marry. I just mentioned that because I don't want this guy to make a full lot of himself. Now what they did must say the ratings are coming out the 21st. I believe he told me. He told you not me. He told me in a hallway. And then I was going to come in here right at down. And then he came in. I got him sidetracked on that Greg was an asshole. But it didn't rate. It's, yeah, so it's very soon. Not that far off. Something. So I mean, Orlando Marry, that may be kind of embarrassing. And then winning the polls, the oldest old fart in talk radio. But Mr. Names of the Dolphins, we don't, we don't to cotton well with that down here. The Dolphin fans want you to pronounce their names right. How about those panthers? Yeah. As predictable as the weather and the North Pole. I mean, there was no doubt they were going to blow the lead and no doubt once the last last couple minutes of overtime started. Man, Teple was all over them. Like a stink on Greg. I mean, it was unbelievable. Like stink on screw in. Love and after a nine and five, 60, WDQ, by the way, PD Lane, it's interesting story about screw in in the scunk, which I'll tell you off the year. For years now, you've heard me talking about about diets. Why do you probably know the old joke? You know what it is? No. Anyway, we're talking about fat. Just like that story. Yes, that in the front page of USA today. People in this country are fat, baby. Big, quirky fat bastards like me. And the heck is dying? We're scared for a lot of people. That's what to else sunshine said. Look what it's done for him. I bet he don't lay over 600 pounds. He's like a walk in bowling ball. Well, that's why we want to turn you on to the lights of West Volkabee cause it's a great store. And it's dedicated to you and all your actions needs. Can you imagine low carb? No fat delicious scoop of ice cream on hot day like today? How about over 1000 low carb or no sugar products? Just ready for you to taste. What's that you're eating in there right now? What's balance for life? Shut up cocktail. A shrimp cocktail. I got my assrooms. I got my magic mushroom shipped in from Amsterdam this morning. Because it delights of West Volkabee, you know, we've tried before you buy. And it delights it 25% off all scat can products all the time. From candy to cookies, snacks, bread, vitamins, delights of West Volkabee's got it all. With more great stuff arriving every day like the new controlled carb brownies. They just got in four delicious flavors. Peanut, coconut, classic and cherry. Speaking of peanut isn't that a way in day for the beast? He loves his nuts. So he better show his fat little tubby ass in here. He's probably way into the coast as clear till Mo gets on a Hershey highway to Bokka. Anyway, the Lysovest Bokka on the Northeast corner blades in four forward in Bokka is your Atkins headquarters. Everything you need is one great store to help you lose weight. You're open till 10 every day, seven days a week. You can call him at 1-877-Lokarber. Check him out on that wicked web at lowcarb.com. And don't forget, let's get sucked. My life and low. This is sports video 560. Way to way, yeah. In the banana republic baby, only in Miami. A round O'Lisa, country leaves a different movie. Jesus Christ. With your fucking yellow teeth so far apart, country leaves a country there what you'd be doing. Because Georgia Junior said he trust you, country leaves you. Through the Lysovest Bokka's greenery all alone. But then he make you in all the wet house bathroom. The couple seems to toy it and then scrub the floor. Hey, yeah, you go with sandals. Don't only go. Your home chip don't help make them warm with redshed you. Your name in the air, you just like it be felt cold. If you'll be what you'd be that dopey spoon. And they while you be sniffing fast gate to make me laugh. That they're treating you just like your is the road. That when your head will move from such a side from the river into a shabby. They be crack on asshole. You're a little bit scared. Nineteen at five sixty wqm happy Friday to it. How about those maple leaves? Six nothing and Pittsburgh last night. Any deagle what I tell you is really he did it. Shut out in the very first game each silence all equitics including me played great. Sunday, Alexander McGillney, man a team looks sensational last night. Nice going our Pat Quinn course you're playing a girls team. Mary, oh you're going to have a long year baby. Gonna be a rough one. But the panthers let's have some hockey talk. I saw Gildy in the hallway. Little while ago not too friendly by the way. Like that kind of squealing a little bit. I said I'm here too much hockey talk and the way to work is my- I know we are we that's not the game we that by way. Yeah sure you did. By the way that old chronic Joe if I hear your voice on Edmourning show one more time we're gonna trace the column we're gonna send Luca Brotsie in Fat Rich to your house and Josh Friedman to sit on you. How do you like that? You silly old chronic goose you man at guy just gives me the creeps. You know the voice I'm talking about don't you? No while I would. Oh if you heard like two words you know that was chronic old Joe. I think he was the first caller I heard when I came to this town. That's like a hundred years ago and he's still on the pipe. He hasn't got a goddamn thing to say. Somebody faches me this silently in it. I didn't get two words out before that drilling started again. They were waiting for you. They were just waiting for me to get started. This has got to be a Greg Reid plot okay George says that all the months that I've been gone there hasn't been one peep not one sound not one not one noise in a building. It's been as quiet as can be. And now I come back about twenty after eight this started about almost exactly an hour ago and the guys down there drilling with a pneumatic drill. And Clarence I thought had this under control because Clarence's car says okay in my book you gave me fourteen different page I just did it including send it weren't even mine. I like that a lot. But now we got this assaled on it and now we got muff and Clarence can team up on him okay give the old one to give the double dip down there. Now he's hammering and he's drilling we got the combination he's given us the old one two. I got the noise you guys so we're gonna high paid talk show going on a parent's studio you any it you crazy bastard you maybe it's because it's the second floor there where the dental people are maybe there's a lot of drilling going on for that reason of course they're not really dentist to just dental people were a paper pushers. I wonder if that guy recovered from the abom I dropped the elevator that day I don't think anybody ever saw him again. I think that was the end of him. I guess he's still in the same fog. Okay well let me try to get this in between the bangs and knocks and hammering down there on the second floor. I missed this so much you know at least in Toronto when we had the fire alarm as those couple of it. Oh here we go. I'm just gonna sit here and shut up and let the drilling take over you know because it's starting again just off to my right right under my ass. Why couldn't they do this like you know when we have a ball game on which is almost there we got them they we got to lead that at the end. Huh what fun with that of here we got a ball game late tonight we got the uh mate the American League playoff twins at the angels 10 o'clock tonight right after her cool football preview with the oh and you know who really is very happy that Moe is here. Hank told me this yesterday Joseph Gackie is ecstatic that Moe is here because I guess he figures now I'm off for his ass all of we don't have any Joseph Gackie but we only had that when we talked about yesterday it's the talent in purchase mentions yeah just mention Joseph Gackie. Which you know it's kind of funny even he see at least Joe with Joe it's not personally he's got a sense of humor you never know it but he's he's a good guy he's just boring yes he's a good guy he has a very good guy we like Joe it's never been personal with the Gackie I like him now in Moe's case so oh silently and in unison and also George J you never got a shine yesterday in a hallway where you spoke he said good morning to him on he's shine you would have ignored you totally but then this morning you were in Mark Eisenberg were bonding Mark so waiting for the little plane trip he told me he's got up to see Ma stopped in the say hi which is more than I can say from all but at any rate so you were bonding out there in the hallway we were discussing very important one of the dirty boys Mark Eisenberg and Moe came burrowling in and instead of like being a real mention like walking around you just barges in between you excuse me excuse me and goes pushing away be through and it's time out of the way he's an important guy don't you understand you understand how he very important he I do so when he comes walking on the hall you better scatter Mr. you better make way I did I moved I flattened up against the wall did you say to Mark yo yo yo let's silently and in unison six Cuban American mommy date counter commissioner's abandony commission chambers yesterday effectively blocking a plan to bring to the November 5 election outside monitors who usually overzee pulling in troubled countries never that story I had about 10 days ago about they were going to bring into banana boat people to try to control what's going on in the election in date those who want to monitor say their presence maybe the only way to restore credibility the county's election system following the disasters of 10th primary but upon say it's embarrassing today county you think it was like a banana republic or something you were thinking as a bunch of great pickers into banana uh uh pillars in date county which of course is what it is people just are off the alternative truck the highly unusual simultaneous departure just before a public hearing on the issue left the commission without a quorum and forced out any vote I wanted to contract the Washington DC base center for democracy to oversee the November 5th vote so when and dad let's try to keep them out because it's too embarrassing I don't I don't think anything could embarrassed a county at this point I think they've already reached the saturation point it's only only icing on the cake beyond now so what do you guys worried about so I started to say before I interrupted myself and got all worked up about Joseph Gackie uh we got a little bit of a problem we I finally straightened out to the problem here we got internet explorer which works just fine the only problem is Eric server up there in Orlando now just crap dot so I can give it the the pool that's coming up on there but there's no point in my given an out until we get to think for you could give them lots of time to think about what they're going to do okay well as matter fact that's a good idea and I'd you like the tone of the drill that's uh you're starting up again right under my ass nice and busy what would have been perfect you see I really I think probably Greg is standing on there with a guy you know laughing his ass on and look at his aspect of terror get him out of my hair it's fine with me Greg and by the way he's been going to hear the only thing I saw there was nasty yesterday maybe a couple of lice had a nice suit on now you know this one if that's a trade up works brothers now it's not quite you know sent all of a sudden they're quite a done all try to read some I have no idea what I wasn't gonna read anything it was going to do the pool I was going to give the pool out I don't want to sit here and do bedtime stories all day especially with the drill maybe it's not going to compliment you know to my reading these bedtime stories maybe it's editorial comment although I will say this I heard it through the great fine yesterday I want to say who I heard it from but that a certain upper level management guy with a very bad haircut who lies a lot is very concerned about those morning numbers I started to mention that earlier those morning ratings very concerned about it and that's that's why so especially important that those when it book comes out the summer book that those numbers go up and I'm not talking about morning 6 to 10 I'm talking about 6 to 9 that they go up Dave hide by the way is on my list again the same one he was on yesterday I won't waste my time reading anything that you wrote David because it would be a total waste of time I'd be in jail for something like that another joke column panther's eat their young question mark is this what you're going to write your big guy damn day their young their young their young their young their hung they uh blew the lead they lost it over time to a marginal team etc when so on nobody wants to hear about that lot of empty seats around the last night did I go to the game of course not you can me I had watched the leaf's uh pound a crap out of Pittsburgh I saw plenty of the panther game and you could smell it coming see one thing about this off it I don't know what it is but with about five minutes to go I said in the jonna said you know you can smell it coming this franchise blows more leads late in the game than any team in the history of any sport and sure enough with two and a half minutes to go but I'm being tampered ties it up and then win an overtime after just being all over the panthers like stink on scouran you could just smell it coming just like scouran so anyway this uh scunk I don't want to go that's a that's an old joke about how they run this couple runs over the animal on the road and they take it into the car and they think it's a wounded cat and after further examination they see there's a white strike down the middle of the animal and the husband says to the wife oh it's not a cat it's a scunk and the animal was shaking you know an injured woman says well what do I do he said here just put it between your legs and keep it warm she says he won't mind and it made me think of good old scouran nice that's a pity pity redeem yourself this way it is an old joke but it fits so well with good old raw scouran man who I'm losing my appetite for lunch I brought in my shrumes from balance for like today but I may not dip into them because you know shrumes are a fungus can you imagine you might have fungus that's growing well 927 at 560 WQM when you go down a halibpony act not only gets yourself a great deal but also talked to Tamlemid about this radio station he will regal you with stories for hours and I'll tell you about how much he misses the old worst team and about how he misses default and Joe and this one and that one because he's he's very much in this radio station and so much in it to show that's why he's got the new new Rogers deal going on a get a halibpony act GMC save extra big dollars right now in all pony action GMC's in stock just mentioned you heard about it right here on the world famous new Rogers show and he'll like acknowledge it unlike some of the people who pretend we don't exist stuff i halibpony act GMC had 134 or one soft pixie highway u.s. one across from the falls where every single vehicle on the lot is marked with what is supposed to be the lowest price but if you mentioned the Rogers show you'll find out it's not the lowest price because you'll save even more check out the complete line of GMC SUV is included that spiffy on-voi voted by motor trend is SUV the year and the all new VMS UV like I always tell you the Vib is no corvette but it's got the power of some other kind of a sports car at a fractal the price also a super-solested dependable pre-owned cars trucks and SUVs they say pre-owned not like used you know they always say that all year right on it sounds so much better than you used you know oh it's how we feel here on the station like used and if anybody else ever turned you down for credit if you're a deadbeat if you once worked at this radio station if you worked at power 96 if you worked for cash broadcasting like what's his name they used to steal stuff out of the building what was it don't say his name if you've been turned off for credit have no fear because time limit is here in hook touch and deal at halibpony act GMC one 341 sound tixie how were you s one across the falls open every day of your life seven days away from more info call 305 238 4040 305 238 4044 halibpony act GMC who are professional grade there's a butt I smell it hey WI would you listeners before you click that switch in the morning make sure you fill your boat on your way to the right there's a little bit distracted can't hear the drilling going on down there but moth just came in and said we're working on it I don't know what you think we're not doing anything about and now it's just got a hundred times louder I'm just gonna sit back and let the audience enjoy the old drill that's got a QM that's our new slogan by the way a drill a minute so anyway this couple finds a farm animal on a road okay nine thirty two let me just try to give the pull out before he starts in the Hawking again on the floor this place is amazing in fact it's an oldman just before I came back you had that little elevator episode and fat boy was stranded down there we're doing wheelies a car wheels and his chair downstairs on the first floor oh there we go let me know when you're done down there asshole okay and you know something this is perfect for the pull which I'm gonna give you the second as soon as this drilling asshole down there in the second floor cuts the cramp so don't know what I'm gonna do is like one more to time now because I don't want to get caught like in mid-sentence so listen very carefully in fact maybe you want to take this today for no matter what you can't take but well pretend you're taping it just like pretend that I'm here but nice being back here in town but I think this is not gonna work you know I'm just my nice little studio in Toronto doing the showing your shorts yeah that's right anyway here's the pull and we're gonna get up there as soon as Eric gets his server back see computers are wonderful when they work make no mistake about it they're a wonderful thing when they work when they don't you excellent good job whatever you're doing on here you're doing it here's the pull for today like I said take your time to go to Neil Rogers dot com because Eric's server is down whatever happened to the cozy I guess we never had one on this mic uh no we did oh whoa I just don't want to catch any germs from whoever might have been sitting in here anyway the tone of Neil's show and we got five to it because remember that call of course you remember I was one of the most famous calls in the history it was like the first couple of days I was doing the show from Toronto and a guy calls up all the tone of the show is terrible the tone of the like what is that what does that mean like the treble doesn't turn on of the show and of course most of you should have your own tone control so control it you know twist it turn it you can get a little bit see what happens to it the tone of Neil's show is vest from Toronto is vest remains to the end is vest from Miami makes no difference where he is or the tone sucks we want to call his back those are your five choices today and I think it's perfect timing too because we got that asshole drilling down on the second floor drilling up a storm effect he and that thing may actually come up to the floor any minute if he starts in again I think the next time we'll be the magic one I think I'm going to keep my feet up off the floor now he's a lot closer to me than he is to you he's right like under the microwave I think so if you want to stick your head right up just just above the floor level we can put the microwave down on the floor and maybe stick your head in it you more on you idiot you asshole you so that's going to be the pool and we'll get a repeat it again once we get it up there but there's not much point harping on it now because Eric's server is down just when we thought we had this whole computer thing lit getting off that net skate that really blows tell Spurro can't by the way he's not off the hook it bell-suffered they still suck because you have personal problems you have issues even so Spurro I might remember what happened last guy in Spurro remember him yeah Spurro a-nose well I'm talking that's stochia and spoken is pretty stale drugs are conna not really spoken here we don't want to insurance rates to go up Greg will get in the snidigan he'll get his teach today or ringer he's probably still trying to pacify skerwann back there you know what it takes to pacify her broy drugs are cause era wonna era wa era wonna that they know something if that ever passed there they should change the name of the state era one a great name is that era zona there is no drugs are cause there is no marijuana initiative stupid and insulting increases in the vatom is your well the drugs are what do you expect the federal drugs are denounced to measure on Arizona's remember ballot that would be criminalized possession of small amounts of the wicked weed of course we know about the drugs are he's an asshole calling it stupid and insulting con John P. Walters made the statement Wednesday the town hall meeting and on yesterday visited the South of the center for teen drug addicts in Nevada to criticize a similar measure there we know that marijuana is the single largest source of dependency walters head of the office of National Drug and Center for Control Policy to a group of about 150 senior citizens and children Wednesday I know that I don't think I heard that right we know that marijuana is the single largest source of dependency walters head of the office of national drug control policy to a group of about 150 senior citizens and children Wednesday We know that it's responsible for 20% of accidents on the road today. Where do you get that? He just made another disaster. How many billions of dollars in liability is there as not opening itself up to down the line? Well if that's the case, how many foreign-formal billions of liability because of people are drunk and driving, right? There's no content to mention those old folks on their hatches. So I guess we're going to have to make booze. We're going to have to go back to provision again too. If that's what it's all about. That's what he said. The good old minister of... He's an asshole. If passed, Arizona's Prop 2003 would decriminalize the possession of up to two ounces of marijuana for personal use, it would also require the Department of Public Safety to provide free marijuana to people with a written recommendation from a physician. In Nevada yesterday, Walter said, no community is better off with more drugs. He said Nevada's question nine could make the state of center for drug tourism. And of course, the Nevada tourist council probably says, Oh right! Billy Rogers had an event for responsible law enforcement. The main group supporting them as you said. There's no evidence the initiative's passage would create more drug addicts. He put it out that the drugs are his own website. Show the majority of drug addicts in Nevada were treated last year for an infetemine addiction. I think it's about time that drugs are was held accountable to the outright falsehoods. He's been putting out there, Roger said in addition. He said, He said, he's an asshole. Phoenix resident of Carolyn barker 60 attended Wednesdays, meaning because she was angry to the comments that Walter's made on the radio earlier in the day. I had a friend with cancer and it helped him a lot. It helped him eat barker said. He got marijuana illegally and he could have gotten caught. Waters who coordinates federal drug programs and spending said no scientific data proves marijuana is effective as medicine. It's said it went so hard. He liked that. So the federal government continues just to find this so-called war on drugs. Why? Is what it's called? And that what it is? Why? Well look at this. I see I got screw in in my mind. Roo-rooo! And it's skunk. That's skunk. You all mind? Look at all the stuff that's coming off of this fax machine. Man, just pouring in here and actually some of the pages have something on it. The fax machine, which always worked perfectly before, that screwed up too. For every page that comes over with something written on it, like about three blank pages coming up today, it's just amazing. Goes to show you that might not be in here, everything just fell apart at the scenes. That must have been the reason. Yep. Might not be here to maintain my own stuff that I paid for and bought with my heart and books. By the way, as you know, contract did differing your new good deal in their free design yet. Nope. Why the hell not? Come on, my flet's go already. Okay, got nice biffy office in there. Now let's do it. Get off the pod. Although I noticed the drilling stuff finally. You notice that? I kind of miss it. I think it was a good idea. My sitting back and just cranking up the mic all the way so they could hear the sound effects. So they can understand that it wasn't exaggerating. Not just looking to try to stir the pod here a little bit. Can't smoke any pod here, but can't smoke a nice, a predominant, whatever this one is. It's a steel one. I think that's a square right there. Is it a good one? Just a predominant square? I'm sure Miss those great cigars we used to get from nicks. I'm from Mike's. I'm from Mike's. I'm from New York. We're sports radio five six. You a m. It's place. Nothing works here. The medications on work. I've been here for seven years. Nothing works here. I hate this place. Nothing works here. The medications on work. I've been here for seven years. I hate this place. Nothing works here. Jesus Christ. I can't complain. Just insert a digit of your choice. And watch your beloved shock and amaze. What if something that children will eat? So dig in the industrial epics. It's simple. A lot of big tasty plums. Like old jack who sat in the corner. Scoop in his album. And don't feel bad if people stare. They're just jealous of the one you just picked. Because they do it too if they couldn't. They will. When the harvest is right for the pick. It's new guest. It's dead. It's paraco. Just a quite maricky. We stopped that stick to the heads of your nose. 944-560. Mitch Lewis are good old buddy. Our prize on. Remember Mitch Lewis? Rectom. That was one of his gems. And then of course. Oh, it's Lewis said as his CD. That's got a lot of good stuff on here. Which I just played one. So the poll should be up in about 10 minutes. A zero who's servers on the mend. We got a server coming back. Just one of those things man. Compute their problems. Compute their problems here. Compute their problems. Quite frankly. He seems to have more problems than we do. Yeah. Yeah. Good thing we're not all dependent on them. Computers. Yeah. Right. All of this priest stuff that's coming over the thing here. The fax machine. Man. Man. What? No. I love it. The priest. What do you mean you were loving? How much priest crap can we get in here in a four-hour show? Four hours. Hopefully. Third Louisville priest and died after. And you know something. I looked at the stats on here from this morning. I was like, you know, I'm not sure if you were getting from his show is you couldn't measure it in millimeters. There's nothing going on between six and nine. I mean it's like we're not even. We don't exist. We're not on a map anymore. We're not on a radar screen. If you were looking at those stats. I've never seen a number like that. I'm a lot of, well, maybe it's not accurate. You know what I'm saying? I don't know. I have no idea. I mean we had 825 votes on a poise. That's pretty healthy. Considering, you know, I had a couple of you being on a Wednesday. I mean. Seriously, that's not a bad number. Would you have about 30? 29. Oh. Anyway, the Reverend James Hargidon. Now it's interesting if you took the GAA out of his name, you know what his name would be. The Reverend James Hargidon was indebted on a single charge of sex abuse yesterday becoming the third Louisville Roman Catholic priest since June. The face criminal action involving alleged abuse of children. The Margaret on 74 retired priest was charged with Sodomizing Ty the Robertson 39 in 1976. Owen Robertson was 14. The amendment provides no further detail. And this goes on just too much of that stuff which you enjoy here because you're a pervert, you know. The Manchester dice he said would pay this as Manchester in New Hampshire. It would pay 950,000 bucks to settle lawsuits brought by 16 men who said they were molested by priests as far back as 1957. Eight former priests were accused of molesting boys that I see said four have died to our live in no longer act as priests and two left the ministry in the 60s. The most recent accusation was from 1982. Let me get back to some more important crap here, okay? As opposed to just child molesting priests, there are time it doesn't baby except for the church's no more expensive than that. Ashcroft's cover-up shows he isn't staying abreast of the time. This is one that Eric facts to us. Nice going, Eric. Is the Bush administration already gearing up for its next conflict or a nakedness? Now wait a minute, this is old stuff. This is about, I'm looking at the data on this. Go away, 10th. This is about uncovering up that statue that's old. What is this man talking about? Hey, Eric, I hate to read. I know the news travel slow up there in Orlando, but President Lincoln's got a big hole in his head. All the way enjoyed to play a lot, but he's got a big hole in his head, Eric. And that's skunk at the felonous goan's lap. She says, I have no fear, she don't mind the smell. Send it approves your rack war resolution. You know something, I don't like being here at all. I mean, it's not just a general principle, but there's something about doing this show here, everything is out of sync. Like everything is falling apart of the seams. Makes me wonder how the hell I did a show in this guy named Plastroau over four years. How did I do it? With great difficulty, I guess. Because just like a Bellevue of Brian or whatever his name is, nothing works here. And you got to hate it. You got to despise it. But I see it's going to be nice and cool this weekend, 89, 90. Right. Yeah, it was a little twerpy Brian or cross on air. It's another reason I'm sorry I came back here. Have to see that little fruit fly on air. Flitting around by the goddamn weather map. Try to drum up some crap on the weather map. Man, sure miss him. I mean, who'd you rather see Dave Devol on CFTO and Toronto or little Brian or cross? Hey, man, man. How would you rather see? Send it to proves your rack war resolution. In a major victory for the White House, the Senate voted 70, 7, at 23 early this morning. Joining the House to authorize President Bush to commit US troops to enforce UN Security Council resolutions requiring that Iraq give up weapons of mass destruction or else. Our earlier, the House had put that medical resolution to 196, 133. There was no immediate White House response following the Senate vote, but Bush used the passage of the resolution in the House to send a stern warning to bag, dad. The House of Representatives has spoken clearly to the world in the UN Security Council. The gathering threat of Iraq must be confronted finally and fully. He's a he is so full of crap, man. The gathering threat. This dog and pony show to put it on the fact that anybody is buying it. It is just pathetic. And poor Bobby Graham, he's like one of the lone voices there running around, running around, scared, other starting again out stairs. Hammer and tongs, they're at it again. Today's vote also sends a clear message to the Iraqi regime and must disarm and comply with all of this UN resolutions, where it'll be forced to comply. I think the best example you use this several weeks ago about stirring the hornets and asking like, like, like, pucking it, whacking and poking in it. Yeah, with a stick. It may have been sitting up there for like 20 years and the mind in their own business and doing their own little thing inside there. Flitting around a little bit and not bothering anybody. But then you go up to that hornet says that's way outside on a patio like a medium house for anybody. And you take a long stick and you start whacking it and stirring it up. And all of a sudden you got problems, baby. Maybe they were bothering some other hornets. Exactly. But then all of a sudden, but I'm being and you got a real problem when you start stirring the pod. The resolution requires forced to declare Congress. I took the period two Congress either before within forty and hours after beginning to make a reaction to that diplomatic efforts to enforce those resolutions have failed. I'm not going to waste my time with that either. If I can't say, I might tear all of this stuff up. Because I'm so disgusted with the way this thing is going here. Man's like, we're falling off the end of a cliff. But the good news is, let's hear it. I'll have some good news for a change beside the leaves went in six nothing in Pittsburgh last night, which was not just good news. It was great news. Turned it one thing. That Matt's undine and Alexander McGilley and Darcy Tucker looking pretty good. Great line there, Pat. Nice going. Let's see. What do we like? I'll tell you where I think it's the best. I just voted. My Emmy either. The pull is up on eirages.com. Let's hear it. Let's get on that internet now. And let's be sure and have everybody buy the thing. Boca Brian CD, which is often pretty good start for a bunch of cheap bans to do. See, if we had people out there that really knew where and of course, you know, will sell for every 30 that we sell there would be like 500 out there bootleg copies. Because I'm sure it's already on some of those with ruckus stuff like that. He should be honored. I think you're pouring. Boca Brian. Should be honored because I'll tell you one thing. If I was going to steal a CD, that would certainly be one of the first ones I think about doing is whatever that is. What is it? He's going to be big all across the world. Right. The tuition and mobits find him out. Of course, the mobits man are. They have taken off their number one with 15 bullets. There is nothing like the mobits. Everybody in this building except the course for Moll and Gellley who's terrified that he's going to be the next beast. And speaking of the beast, it's almost 10 o'clock. Where is that little cub of crap? Did he come into get his sack? I think they've got it going to his house now. I see. Because I don't see it in the morning. Well, I'll tell you one thing. He better in here and be in here to do his way and before noon. And of course, wouldn't you think if you're safe your smart, which leaves him out? But if you were smart, you would do your way and you'd come in early as early as you would. If you were. Before you ate. Like what? I get this real in the morning. I'm going to start naked after I've taken a good, you know, good Greg Reed. Nice perch. That's right. Pete every drop out of my bladder. And then I get on the scale very lightly. And I'm going to kind of stand back to get that pressure off of that scale. And that's the way to do it. So as opposed to like eating a couple of meals before you come in and stop it off at the pizza loft on a way in. I would get in here right now. Beasts in a hop on at scale. Then we'll put you on the air for a couple of hours. And you'll tell us the real story. How you got blown off at that morning show. And the wise and the were for us. And the guy's starting to hammer again, off he's banging on it downstairs. Jesus Christ. Yeah. What are we going to do about this? So the pull is up. I don't, but I don't think they can vote on it yet. Because my vote is the only one on there so far. Let me just take a peek on here. Eric, I'm telling you, we're operating a real. On a 60 votes on there. The tone of the show. This is a very important poll to us. The tone of the show. This might determine why I do the show for the next four and a half years. It makes no difference. Four years in three months. Two and a half. It makes no difference. Where is eight? The tone sucks. We want the colors back four. Uh, from Toronto best two from I'm a two and from Amsterdam. None. Well, we only did so few shows from Amsterdam. And how do I hold the? How many? Three. Four. A little more than that. I think about five. Five or six. Or five or four. A couple. Paul Cragman writes it in New York Times. And this business about we want the colors back. Good luck to you. I'm going to put that on there to just keep you people busy. And what was wrong? We took calls yesterday. Didn't we? Sure. One in the house. No. One in the half. That's calls. First one was a half a call because he wasn't there. He disappeared. We heard somebody moving it in the background. And as soon as I punched it up, he disappeared. And then we had the chronic eye. In fact, I guarantee the chronic eye. If I would take a couple of calls right now, he'd be the first one on there. Don't you think? Come on, Mr. chronic. You can do it. You know, Joe. You know, old Joe from the sports show. You know, Steve. Oh, by the way, speaking of Steve, he's studying Steve. The other Steve, who's also close to being a study Steve, the bug man. No, aunts in a house, Steve. Oh, he's gone, baby. What a great job he did. They were an aberration in South Florida. That company. What does it happen to that company again? ATM alternative to her might management. I'll turn it off. I'll turn it off. Turn it off. Where is it? In the middle of right under the screen. Oh, there it is. Steven Page. Is that his name or is that his page? That's his name. Well, I'm not going to get a call. Uh, that's his name. Well, I'm not giving his number on here. But I'm where you can look him up. Alternative turn him to turn to turn to my management. And they do aunts and turn my son uncles and stuff like that. And man, I've had an aunt problem in a house to mind for it. Since the day I moved in there. You know, those little tiny pieces of crap. And he came in here and probably not. Now, don't let him get started talking too much because he is annoying. And he's very strange. But boy, it doesn't great job. Well, you know, nobody's perfect. Wouldn't you rather have a guy's a little bit strange and does a great job work? And somebody seems like a really upright fellow. When all that, who does a crappy job? You know, 42 votes. It makes no difference where he is 20. We're here, whether he likes it or not. The tone sucks. We want to call us back 12. I don't see any calls on a board of Q.A.M. Oh, Neil. Yeah. You made my day, pal. And thanks for the happy birthday. Okay. And what was that you? That was me. Well, congratulations to you, sir. We're getting older. How many of you think Moe is by the way? A 142. Close. Thank you. See, I told you what I said. There. See, you want the calls back. That's the only call we got. That's all we need. That's all we needed was him. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T line. This could be that we just go back to taking phone calls. Who needs this computer crap, huh? Maybe I'll just do that when I'm doing a real show like from out of time. Because I don't feel like I'm doing a real show here. Because this ain't a real place. Oh, and look at this. They're calling our pouring in one at a time. WQA.M. George? Yes. It's the Kistelady. Hi. Hi. How are you? Okay. Can I say hi to Uncle Neal? Hi. Here's the Kistelady. Hello. Hi, Neal. How are you? How are you? Okay. How are you? It's been a long time. Thank God. Fine. Yeah. Everything's great. Good new year. I thought New Year's in January. Oh, that's for us. Yeah. I'm just a very interesting article that the powers that be in Holland have been the water of animals in a kosher fashion because they say that it's cruelty to animals to the cows. Uh-huh. I just thought if you had heard anything about that. No. I just know that they're very anti-Semitic. They are, huh? Mm-hmm. That's why they're language sounds a lot like German. I'm not too crazy about Jews over there. Just ask my landlord, Hilton. Just mention Kishka to him and all of a sudden he'll go on a three hour tirade about to Jews and how they wine a lot, you know? Really? Yes, man. I'm surprised to hear that. But I'm pleased that you're back. I'm going to start with the car wash. No thanks. Okay. Have a great day. Nice hearing from you. Bye-bye. No car wash. No. My car is been in a garage for months. Could be little dust. It's not dusty. It's not dirty. It's beautiful. It's not dirty. It's not dirty. It's not dirty. It's not dirty. It's not dirty. It's not dirty. Okay. Let's take a lot of calls today. Okay. I'm going to put all this stuff aside. Save it from Monday. What do you laugh about? Hey, I don't care. I don't give a crap. I'll do a sweet list all day. I'm just in the mood for that. After having all that drilling going on over here in all the problems we have at a computer plus we got 18, we got 31% say the tone of the show sucks. They want the callers back. God damn it. What's wrong with you? You got to go with a flow, Mr. See that's your problem. You don't understand any go on your Wednesday. Oh, well, if I can only read now we do the same thing. The callers are great. I'm going to try to tell you that for a hundred years. They suck. The callers are great. I'll never listen. Don't you believe me? No. You better stare less than the me, Mr. In. And then maybe you'll get your new contract. But because Greg has said it's just so full of crap. I doubt it. You're not fooling anybody. Greg, okay. You're not fooling George. You're not fooling me. You're not fooling. You're not fooling. You're not fooling anybody. You're just playing the old Hayden's seat game. You're not fooling anybody. You're just playing the old Hayden's seat like a little child. Like a little spoiled child who's busy playing his life through everybody else's money. Give George the freaking contract. Okay, remember, in that work. You shot her that shot any of us. Give him the effenock. Whatever that clause was, you know, the contract. Remember that? Yep. You come. You bastard. That was great. That whole everything in that movie was great. 1958 and five, 60. We already got the electronic birthday guy in a kishka lady. What more could you want? You're not fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. You're just fooling anybody else. That's why, yeah. Now, that tie was the one with the three stooges that the limo guy had the other day. In honor of a mole. And then he went ahead and get himself a new mattress. So we called him, folks at telemetres and they got the best mattresses in the world. Seagully served us some in the king coil every size of it comfort level. And Miguel had a big smile on his post yesterday because he said they were there on time with them to our window he wanted. They set it up and he's sleeping like a baby and doing all kinds. Even he started all over again. Pick it up where they started off, trying to wear this mattress up. So when it got through the same thing, don't waste your time running around, getting ripped off in those vending in departments. There was do this smart thing like lovely Miguel. Pick up the phone and call dial a mattress. You pick the a tour window in the day for delivery seven days a week. And you can unbeatable price and that 30 day in home comfort guarantee to try it out the real way. 1-800 mattress for dial a mattress 1-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 2-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 2-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 2-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 2-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 2-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 2-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 2-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 2-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 2-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 2-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 2-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 2-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 2-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 2-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 3-800-MATT-RES brand name beds for busy people. 4-8-T-800-MATT-RES brand name beds 7-8-MATT-RES design is forb nasl landscape bedlock framework. 5-18- pumpkin bedlock pair with 6-oFirst crossover and 6-PDF feeling 8-800-MATT-RES brand you want to set up 10-19-nd for difficulties. Uh, uh, not good, Mandy. It's a misunderstanding between the pharmacist, the doctor and Mandy said Henry C. Hunter of Tallahassee. One of Dawson's attorneys, Dawson committed no crime and will be cleared he be saying. Dawson answered the door to work, Dawter's coconut creak, while he was in the afternoon, she declined comments as the hero, saying her attorneys advised you not to be speaking. The ten year old, ten, the ten year Tallahassee veteran, running for relations charged with obtaining an attempting to obtain controlled substances by fraud, tons familiar, a jury on Wednesday side of warrant for her arrest. If Dawson 46 of Conan Creek is convicted of the third degree felony, she'd have to forfeit a ropper's underfloor to Lashul also payed up to five years in prison. She's been using the drug lorset ten for several years in connection with back pain. Dawson previously apologized for chronic tardiness and mist vote starting in the two thousand session, saying she was slowed by pain, colos prescribed for severe headaches. She continued to miss votes before she ended when surgery in March for degenerative spinal discs. There's not any intent for fraud, hunter said the drug you said mostly consistent ingredients found in Tylor. Or do you know something I think that instead of like writing a phony prescription or like changing it or altering or whatever, how about some extra straight Tylor sounds good to me? You can buy that right over the counter. Sure. That sounds reasonable. Tablets or capsules. Sounds reasonable to me, so good luck to you, Mandy. You'll need it. I just mentioned that because I want to make point out that disc was no well bushes, seen it well as got a little tougher problems, I think. Don't you? No, she can afford them. 92 votes on the pool. They will tone, see the tone out of my. The word tone should be like in, not just in quotes. See the quotes is like having a bush with a little, a little, a little. Bolden up, put you up a little, Eric, where you place? Jesus, I spent yesterday the whole guy damn show, bitching out poor bell south and spuro can't probably read a jump off a tall building and George still don't want to ease off on him because he said they really do some. Three days now. What at home? Yeah, who does all screw up? Everybody all time. But I find a problem in here is not so much them as net scape which blows. I mean, forget about net scape, it's like a dinosaur. Hop on that internet explorer and you're all over the place in no time at all. It works like a term and then of course Eric, Eric, server goes down. Computers are like a bone of our existence. 92 votes, the tone of the show makes no difference where he is 43. The tone sucks. We want the callers back 32, 35%. Best from Toronto 9, best from I'my 6 and best from Amsterdam 1. And we're giving them the callers back today. Lots and lots of callers to you. Just watch at least five QAM. Good morning. Yes, sir. Neil. Yes, I am. God. Let me ask you a question, Neil. When did George become a smug little spick? I used to like talking to that guy. Yeah. You better get rid of mumbles. I'm telling you, I called the guy a couple of times over the server and he was harsh abrasive almost constant. Good. Yeah. That's the way we like it. Well, that's why you listen to the show. We don't want Pablo here. Absolutely correct. You want Pablo, you can listen to him in the morning. Hey, guess who this is? I don't know. The boy and guy. I'd have a great day. And you, too. That sounded like the aboot in Kine. You know what? It was the aboot in Kine. I can't get rid of the call. What just happened there? Are you locked at hit it again? Why locked? What? Hit the line again and then hit drop. Oh, brother. When you hit it twice. Does anything in here work besides us? Does anything in this place work? I think Bellevue Brian had a poor Chrissy does have a little problem. Bellevue Brian. Welcome to QAM. Speaking. Yes. You ought to do something about George. He dished a small bill. Hey, listen. He put, he gave me my background. He took that naked chickie at on my computer screen this morning. And he got rid of it because I was really pissed off about that. He put Tom Walling on her start naked. That's how it was going to go. That's a bonus. Then we'll let him fly. It looked like a bone. Thanks. You probably missed that episode. It was so weak. We could have a show. The last one that was on the Tuesday night. Just a preachy, satpy, all about friendship and trust. And I thought I was going to pee. I didn't miss that. Well, I would have missed that. Oh, I hated it. The one with the Schwarzscher has been. Yeah. Yeah. It was good. And the last four or five minutes there. It was always kind of like a great. The tear comes to you right. You get a little bit moist by the end of the show. And you're eye to. I don't know how you could say that. It was a good episode. There's nothing wrong with the previous one with the flesh and the sweat. I like that scene. They keep showing with the flesh and the sweat were what's his name? The kid, the blonde kid that went off to the army. He's got him tied up to that post there like Jesus. And he's like naked as a jabber. He got a shirt off and he's all sweat it up. And he's got like, I'll tell you, for guys got size 14 feet. He's got really small nipples. I didn't look all. We're sports ready. Oh, five, sixy, two, a, a, a. That's damn right. I put those stupid regions. Okay, 10, 13 because I want to put this on from CNN. Please report, chase near Fredericksburg, Virginia. And it may have to do with the sniper. Everybody is flying to have their reflexes ready. Emergency situation is. Immediately to this. Here, I'm all continue to track it for me. I'm not sure if you're getting more information. Shooting another shooting report. What we know right now apparently there has been an incident. Authority's have responded as they have repeatedly now for nine days in running. And we'll track it. See if there's a connection there. Yeah, Bill, I think the most important point is one that you and Jean have made repeatedly. And that is even though there's some type of emergency situation. Too early now to say if this is related to the numerous sniper attacks. One interesting thing though, as we do look for similarities. Because I'm able to listen into some of our affiliates. As you guys are talking on CNN, hearing that this could possibly happen that an ex-on gas station. Also, interestingly enough, that particular gas stations. According to W.S.A. or affiliate is across from one of the police barracks. Again, we'll have to wait and see exactly what the situation is and how it relates to what we're following. But we will get back to you in Montgomery County. Thank you, Jean and Bill. We have a probably report right now on the condition of the sniper's eighth victim. That is the 13 year old boy who was shot outside his school on Monday. The teenager was shot one outside of Pasquer Middle School of Maryland. This is now a video that you're seeing actually from the that would have been from the menace. Now give us the condition, but you'll carry on. We're talking about right now. We can get those pictures up past to do a task for middle school. At that particular one in Buie, Maryland, that's where police found a shell case. Oh, I can't, I just can't deal with it. And anyway, we'll keep you abreast of that situation. 560, 560, Pond, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Our, our, our facts machines also screwed up. Every time one page comes out at the hold, no matter how much paper you put in there. Like 500 blank pages come out with it. So everything in this place is a mistake of total disarray. Total end complete disarray. But nevertheless, hold on to that other paper I can't imagine why. Oh, oh. Oh, God. Look at that. I'm, I'm not going to a dick with it. Okay, I just, I just give up. I just threw up my arms in this disgusting give up. This place is unworkable. This studio is unacceptable. This radio station is unworkable. This show is not, you know, and anybody who says that this tone is, whatever. This tone blows. This old tone. 123 votes on a pool. The tone and he'll show it. Makes note if it's where it's 55. The tone sucks. Nice going there on the, uh, ascento. They're getting a toning. I'll book stuff. We want the callers back 46. It sucks. Uh, best from Toronto 11 best for Miami 8 and best for MAMST 8. And one. And if they think it's best for Miami, we'd like to them because this is Tony, yesterday and today. This is what I had in mind when I stepped off that plane. Because I would have turned around and gotten right back on. Because you know how that works when you get off and you come through the jet way and then the people are all sitting there waiting for the one going back the other way. That's what I should have done. Hey, hi, Helen. Nice seeing you. It's just a false alarm. I'm going back to the U-turn. Yeah, I've done a real quick U-turn. Paul Crudman writes in New York Times today. Moles at work. He says, so here's my theory. Michael Oxley Harvey, Pit and George W. Bush, are all communist moles who have worked their way into the center of the capital system in order to destroy it. How else can he make sense of their actions? It's true that in July they grudging we agreed to go a corporate reform bill, which briefly come to growing investor panic. That was because it's essential for them to control Congress. They need maximum leeway to wreck the U.S. economy. But then they found a better answer. The former rattling over a rack does double duty. It distracts the media on Wednesday that out fell 215 points hitting an early five year low while consumer confidence called levels not since 1996. Yet neither story was treated as front page news. And more talk itself helps depress stocks and consumer confidence and further underwinds the economy. Go on up again today though, boys and girls. You see that? He hasn't spoken yet. On that's right. The master stroke came last week. Even as evidence-modded that the wheels are coming off our so-called recovery, the conspirators carefully destroyed the credibility of July's corporate reforms. The financial times reports that it wasn't just congressional Republicans in the accounting industry that blocked the appointment of John Biggs to had a crucial new accounting oversight board. The White House was concerned at labor union backing for Mr. Biggs. Now that the best candidates been humiliated and betrayed, nobody of statute will take the post. That means corporate reform is dead in the water. And if the conspirators hold the House and regain the Senate, they can proceed with their wrecking program, driving the budget even deeper in long-term deficit, scaring small investors, and blocking any actions that might pull the economy of its deepening funk that's with an N. Okay, I'm not quite sure about this theory. There's another theory that might exploit when these guys are doing. They simply may be constitutionally incapable, actually given the presence of John Aschroff, make that unconstitutionally incapable of doing what has to be done. What we've learned over the past year is the extent to which the modern business game is rigged in favor of insiders. Self-daling has become pervasive, incredibly generous executive compensation, sweet deal owns and preferential access to IPOs, where standard practice many companies that have any of become targets of SEC investigation. And he's simply a county which learned the public and the buying stock even as insiders were bailing out must have been very widespread indeed. In the last three years of the bubble reported corporate profits sword, but the overall measure of profits calculated by the West Commerce Department, which is unaffected by the maneuvers company used to cook the books, hardly grew at all. In short, the fix was in. If we're to have a wheel recovery, it's urgent that ordinary investors be assured that those days are over. It may be hard for our core leaders to understand that urgency all their lives, the fixes been in on their behalf. Wednesday's Wall Street Journal reported another piece of the Harkin Energy story, one that provides even more evidence of how family connections smooth Mr. Bush's business career. The key defense against charges that is sale of the Harkin stock amounted to win side of trading has always been the fact that while the stock's price plunge soon after he sold his shares, it then recovered albeit temporarily. Now we know why it recovered. It wasn't just a mysterious invitation to drill for oil off by rain, Park can also pull the trick that would be emulated on larger scale by Enron, in effect it borrowed money to pay as bills while using loopholes and accounting rules to conceal a resounding debt. What made the trick possible was Harkin's guardian angel, a powerful institution controlled by an oilman Robert Stone, who was a strong political supporter of Mr. Bush's father. This institution acquired a large stake in Harkin, so as Mr. Bush became a board member, and subsequently showed itself what we do whatever it took to keep the hapless company afloat. This included taking much of the company's debt off its books and return for assets of Dothel Valle, and giving Harkin a share in their partnership almost twice as large as its contribution to the partnership's capital. The name of the guardian angel, the Harvard University Endowment, don't be surprised, professors don't run the universities money. That's what the Paul Cardman writes in today's New York Times. Oh and guess what, the other day when we had that the US said and also Yemen said because it was too embarrassing for them, they said it wasn't a terrorist attack on the tanker off of Yemen. Well guess what, they were wrong. They changed their tune. I mean, didn't we know, I mean, how would you have to be a kind of a rocket scientist and all that when they saw a speeding boat approaching and this gigantic bomb blast almost identical to one on the US's coal? Oh no, it just was an accident on board. A couple of nuclear weapons. How come the traffic's all moving there again in the furthest bird? You notice that? Yeah. Police confirm shooting in Spotsalvania County, Virginia. To any potential important development? We go back to that in a moment. This update came what we know today. The police chief came out just about two hours ago. I thought he said one thing that was quite interesting actually. He said we're still getting good tips on our tip line. 888-324-9800 is the consolidated number as of yesterday morning. And the other thing he stressed was if you have information, don't be shy. Let us decipher. Let us determine what we think is important in critical. Right, because someone could have seen something that they judged to be irrelevant. Yeah, I'd like to go your comments. 560-60-60-60-60-18-18-10. Let's get these lines left out here. We got 37% of the people want to call us. Where to hell are they? Of course it's Columbus Day on Monday, right? Do you remember when we celebrated? Yeah. Yes. Even though it's officially tomorrow, I believe. Is it? Isn't it the 12th of October? I never knew. But you bet it. What kind of... That's right. I forgot you came up with an anecdote. So what do you... Yeah, that's a good point. I was hearing Bellafonte singing on his boat or yours. On the way back. 560-60-560-560-18-10-10. And Horizon Wireless Line. As we get some calls back out of the show here because the audience think the tone sucks. They want the calls back. I don't think it's a router I need to call. Here I need them. What? Oh, I thought I heard something. Like what? If somebody opened the door. But I think it was a false alarm. Come on in a Q.I.M. Hello? Yes sir. Hey, how are you? I'm doing good. Great to hear you've taken phone calls for once in a while. Yeah. I understand why you're not doing it in a more regular basis. Needless to say. Now why would that be? Oh, all these, you know, doos bags down here in Miami. All these toys. Call on you up and talk in garbage stuff. Oh, hi. So we're back to the NHL season. I'm happy about that. I wanted to just, you know, point out the fact that obviously day in a day out. We're aware of the background of George Bush and we're aware of the background of Dick Cheney. It's so tiresome to listen to though because anybody juxtaposed at the last guy we had an office for eight years. Number one wasn't going to be the orator that he was. Number two wasn't going to have his little rags to riches trailer park background to getting to the White House glory story that's Democrats. Is that what this is all about? John of Kennedy. John of Kennedy didn't have half of the stuff. What's going on? What is that? He'll do what we're going to want. I have to do with war in Iraq. It doesn't have anything to do with war in Iraq, but you guys are reading columns every single day about George Bush and how somebody's taking care of him and stroke him as whole life in nature. Everything went well for him. But you're missing the point. The point. If you were to talk about these corporations. The fact that these corporations have ripped off the American public and the investors and people are losing their entire, our, our investment, the retirement savings. That's what we're people are psychotic about. We don't, we already knew that this president was born with a silver spoon up his ass and his brother as well. And the can these. Nobody's been able yet to actually prove that he personally has done anything wrong. Mm-hmm. All they've done is shown. What does that have to do with going to war in Iraq in election time because the economy's in the crapper? Well, I don't think I'm relying to the American public about it. I honestly don't think that he did a bad job the other night of explaining that it's not a bad job. He didn't do a bad job. He didn't do any job. He didn't do any job. He's got no proof. We offer no evidence and have a great day. Okay. Call up a lot of artists. He's talking about the boy. This guy, this guy's pleased that we're not in the, we're taking calls because it deflects from reading these 80 minutes. I got a lot of them, sir. I got a whole bunch of him here and make you very happy. If you think that anybody's going to like, mussel me and not exposing the kind of fraud that we got for a government here, these assholes that stall in a stolen election, Robert Fisk writes what the US president wants us to forget and the UK independent. What they want us to forget. Here's White House exaggerating Iraqi threat, Julian Burger and Washington. This, this childish business about, wow, the Kennedy's didn't have always said that the Kennedy's would have biggest quirks on a face of the earth. Joe Kennedy was a freaking bootlegger, Lagerina Sumbag. We all know that. They stole that election to in 60. But all those dead people devoted in Chicago with the last minute. Thanks to Dick Daly and all the other Dix. But you're one of those silly people, sir. You're one of those politically blind people. And obviously when Brace this guy, hey, have a good time with him. You've got a lot of companies, 60 people said they got country think he's doing a great job, which is mode makes me very happy. Most of the year I don't live here. How could anybody believe that? You look at the economy. You look at people's retirement savings that went up in smoke. We're not talking about people that want to be billionaires like or multi millionaires like the Bush's and the Kennedy's. People are just like to be able to retire someday before they croak. People to work their asses off all their lives, so they could put away a little bit of anistic. And guess what? Well, was a fraud too bad you lose. Just like all this bull crap on a gambling channel on your on CNBC. All this fraud that they've been perpetrating. And I'm the only one in the country that takes into task for it. It's garbage. It's Kaka. They had the opportunity to expose all of this crap. They didn't do it. All these dot coms, all this enron crap, and all these other stocks that are not like a buck in two bucks in seventy cents. A son micro systems two and a half bucks. It's the new economy. You economy. I freaking ass. Okay. So sir, you go and explain all of these goddamn poor people out there to lost their life savings in his scam. What it's all about. And well, we don't have evidence. He did anything wrong. No, right. His investment is minimal investment in Texas Rangers. Then all of a sudden became $15 million. That was done with mirrors. That was done by magic. Everything these goddamn people do is a chicken ring. You notice well as I do not mention of course his partner in crime. Dick speaking of Dicks. But what am I getting excited about? See that's the problem with these calls. This is a guy who wants to tell me what I should be talking about. It's very pond-wishy. And obviously he listens every day. Every guy damn day. You know something sir. Every day I'm going to read more of those stories that make you an nervous. Make you squirm in your chair. In fact, you inspired me after the break. I'm going to do a whole series of right-in-a-row. Because I just am nauseated by all you people out there who are too stupid and too politically. And the Democrats suck, okay. Look at what they did yesterday the way they came in. I'll give credit 100 and some of them. I mean, far more than they thought voted against it in the house. Which I gave them credit for having a little bit of a backbone. But not enough. And the Senate, my god, what we're going to tell other than Kennedy and Bird to come on course Bird's seen all anyway. And a few of the other. Well, look at Tom Dash on his disgusting performance yesterday. You see that? You see his speech? No. And he's just called the president. Pulled it over like a piece of paper, Michelle. Because they're all terrified. It's just not politically correct to me. What is perceived to be unpatriotic? They've been painted into a corner. And I'll give Bush in his quote for that. You're in like he said before. You're either with us in your against this. Either one of the good guys in the evil doors. And there's nobody in between. And the public being plundered like a bunch of morons and political animals up there. It's just like a religion thing. So you've been brainwashed. That's all. Republicans good Democrats bad. Kennedy's. They were a bunch of crooks. So they were bad. But to Bush people there. Crooks, but they were Republicans. So they're okay. And don't tell us about it. Well, guess what? Sir, I'm going to tell you about it. On and on and on. I'm just to go to four o'clock today. Okay. Screw that football crap. Screw all that bull crap that we have on this station 20 hours a day. I'll let horseball crap about ball games. About jocks, traps. About men that take showers together. That's a bunch of fag crap. Believe me. I know because I know my fag crap. Okay. I'm the expert on factory. And a bunch of guys that take showers together. And so that towels on each other's ass. That's a bunch of faggots. Okay. So thanks very much for your call. And have a nice day. As Mike Seagull would say. I remember I was talking about Mike Seagull just the other day with a bad hairpiece right? Man, is he an asshole? Is he an asshole? He's an asshole. I said. 1028 is fast. Well, that changed the tone of the show a little bit. Look at that. We're up to 41%. Now. Castaway seafood company. No seafood man. In fact, when a saucecoer and in the hallway, they said, wow. Smells fishy to me. They pride themselves in serving you the fresh seafood available fresh fish never frozen. They also featured grilled certified angus beef burgers filet many on a huge delicious mouthwatering New York strip. Castaways got great weekend specials. I call you can eat castaways catfish only 1095. Remember the catfish lady? No. Was that before your time? Must have been. Wow. Group were the nom and glaze for 1495. That's when taking calls was fun. Or grilled double-centered pork cut pork chop for just 1595. To end the castaways tailgate party at the hog fish bar offering college and meaningless NFL football specials, including all you can eat hot and spicy buffalo shrimp for just 795. While you watch your favorite team, the food isn't mean you just the games are. There's also live entertainment every Saturday night. Castaway seafood company, they got a full buy. They're open every day of your life seven days a week. And you'll find them on the southwest corner of university driving Griffin Road in David. If you're looking to cater your next home or office party, castaways can do that too. The castaway seafood company featuring seafood fresh so fresh, it'll slap you in the push. And live and look all this is sports radio 560. Way to way, yeah. Chamberlain rape me. Hey, don't. Hey, don't. Right night come and I want go. Soon we'll be fine. I like coming and we want to go. Soon we'll be fine. It can kill. Right night come and me want to go. Hey, mister, call or not tell anybody. Right night come and me want to go. Right night come and me want to go. Say hey, mister call or not tell anybody. Right night come and me want to go. Soon we'll be fine. Right night come and me want to go. Soon we'll be fine. Right night come and me want to go. Hey, mister, call or not tell anybody. Right night come and me want to go. Soon we'll be fine. Right night come and me want to go. Right night come and me want to go. I'll be you, dee for lunch. I'll burn both shots. Right night come and me want to go. See desperate in the classroom. Right night come and me want to go. Six men seven men eight men 10. Right night come and me want to go. Six men seven men eight men 10. Right night come and me want to go. Me say say say say say say say say go Right like on man I want go Oh Tentery for that guy really got me whipped up into a frenzy so it's good that we took some calls. You know, I knew it was that one Got me whipped up into a phonetical frenzy because no see what he wants is he wants Rush Limbaugh Bill O'Reilly Ali North G Gordon Litty he wants them on 24 hours a day out every station America. That's what he wants So they can pair it the same old-tired crap because he didn't have anything to say just like bush on Monday night. He had nothing to say Which will get to in a second by the way Carlos good little Carlos are good close personal friend By the way, do you get a paycheck here from this joint Carlos? Not yet. You won't and I'm just kidding. Just a joke Carlos you might I don't want to say he will he might Just like you might give a new contract, but Police in Morseville, Pennsylvania, have seen a lot of weird things on a job and nothing prepared them for the guy who lived into the station house Would a nail and a firecracker in his penis? The unidentified man from nearby Trenton New Jersey told us to uncapsied and certainly objects himself are refused to say why he asked them to take him to the hospital The bizarre incident quickly sparked a rideball at human-wrong officers He probably wanted to go off with a bang one quick squirt score next. I want to go off with a bang here. Okay, well, it's Trent New Jersey. They got nothing else to do there except avoid the schvartures So anyway, this episode up there in Maryland The cops are like stop and slow and traffic on any five in every now and then they'll pull some people over like you look kind of suspicious and then they're letting a bunch of other people just go flying by so What can I tell you President Bush this is by who wrote this Julian Borgren Washington from the Guardian UK President Bush is case against Adam Hussein outlined in the televised address to the nation Monday night Relied on a slanted and sometimes entirely false reading of the available US intelligence government officials and analysts claimed yesterday Officials in the CIA FBI and energy Department of being put under intense pressure to produce reports which backed administrations line the Guardian's learn and respond some are complying some are resisting and some are choosing to remain silent Basically cooked information is working its way to high level pronouncements and there's a lot of unhappiness about it in intelligence Especially among analysts of the CIA said Vincent can't astrural the CIA's former head of counterintelligence In his address the president reassured Americans that military action was not imminent or unavoidable unavoidable But he made the most detailed case to date for the use of force should become necessary But some of the key allegations against the Iraqi regime were not supported by intelligence currently available to the administration Mr. Bush repeated a claim already made by senior members of his administration that Iraq is attempted to import heart and aluminum tubes for gas center Center of U.S. which are used to enrich uranium for nuclear weapons the tubes were also mentioned by Tony Blair and his dossier evidence presented a parliament last month However US government experts on nuclear weapons and centrifuges have suggested that they were more likely to be used for making conventional weapons I would just say there is not much support for that nuclear theory around here say the Department of Energy Specialist David Albright a physicist and former UN weapons inspector was consulted on the purpose of the aluminum tubes said it was far from clear that the tubes were intended for a uranium centrifuge Mr. Albright who had the Institute for Science and International Security A Washington think tank said there's a catfight going on about this right now on one side you have more to the experts on gas interview Just on the other you have one guy sitting in the CIA Mr. Albright said skeptics at the Energy Department's Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in California had been ordered to keep their doubts to themselves He quoted a colleague at the laboratory as saying the administration can see what it wants and more spectator main silent There's already considerable skepticism among US intelligence officials about Mr. Bush's claim of links between Iraq and Alkada in a speech on Monday Mr. Bush referred to a very senior Alkada leader Where we see medical treatment and Baghdad this year and intelligence source of the man the president was referring to was Abomus Ab Zarkawi who was arrested in Jordan in 2001 for his part in the millennium plot to bomb tourists outside there It was subsequently released and eventually made his way to a rack and search of treatment However intercepted telephone calls did not mention any cooperation with the Iraqi government There's also profound skepticism among US intelligence experts about the president's claim that Iraq is trained Alkada members in bomb making and poisons in deadly gases Bob Bayer a former CIA agent who tracked Alkada's rise said that there were contacts between Osama bin Laden and the Iraqi government in Sudan in the early 90s and 1998 But there was no evidence that a strategic partnership came out of it. I'm unaware of any evidence of Sodom pursuing terrorism against the United States He said a source familiar with the 911 investigation said the FBI has been pounded on to make this link and making this case on Monday Mr. Bush made a startling claim that the Iraqi regime was developing drones or unmanned aerial vehicles UAVs Which could be used to disperse chemical or biological weapons across broad areas were concerned that Iraq is exploring ways of using these UAVs from missions targeting the United States The US military experts confirmed that Iraq has been converting Eastern European trainer jets known as L29s into drones But said that with a maximum range of a few hundred miles they were no threat to any targets in the US It doesn't make any sense to me if he made US territory said Steven Baker a retired US Navy rear admiral of the SS Iraqi military capabilities at the Washington Bay Center for Defense Information Mr. Canis Dr. Osama said the flow of intelligence to the top levels of the administration had been deliberately skewed by the hawks at the Pentagon CIA assessments are being put aside by the defense department in favor of intelligence to getting from the various Iraqi exiles he said that he really warned princess against listening to exiles, well that's what's happening now There you go boys and girls That's just the first of many inspired by that brilliant caller that Bush liquor, okay? You lick all the bush you want pal Use them list the ring while you're at it 20 before I watch off for screwing whatever you do How it dated online casino radio five sixteen WQAM presents Captain Moe they knew rule the ratings for the sports format were so bad We had to start paying the sponsors and when the only three listeners we had has to get paid for listening well We thought we'd give this a try Hello boys and girls This is your old baby captain Captain Vena Rue We got to your full bucket on moith in a marimant over here. This thinks I ought not be doing this boys and girls I was a big star at one time seeing but I gotta tell you kids We've been in paradise saying cheap I need to check understand Alright, looks it we got over here got some great paper We'll fingers up now for the one What do you want Green jeans? Let me all alone Aren't you going to say good morning to our friends? They're right in one and most big call me Mr. Mitch Calls up in home got a bush and weather here at the man thing go man You'll be this in now I'm not I pipe down pal You will lose a row right by me got the good that strong loin is from the proper breeding I don't know what you'd say That's because you're stupid it. I'm gonna make something out of this great paper I understand that maybe later I'll pull the links or sit just out of my pants. Okay? I know Here's the paper. I'm gonna eat you one Green jeans I'll take two Two So let's just take a It's a joke you moron I'll take one for me I'm ready for you Mr. Rue We'll hold you Ten Ten sheets of paper Look at this black ass monkey over here You want ten sheets ten sheets of paper Well I got no say you pal They put them come cheap and dump it to me What you with it I'm gonna cut your famous room Oh my god, he's just Damn Hey Where's your green jeans? I'm not my ankle Where do you want yours to be? It's red Who would down green jeans? Oh no Not again You're gonna run We'll run We'll run We'll run We'll run We'll run We'll run Put your boys on Go Go Go Not funny You know, 1046 and 560 Nobody came We got mad dog at one hank from any k from called her a three The day once that show with a hunker from 530 to 630 You got hudders, college football preview with Joseph Gacky and dog Bailey Junior at 7 So get out the note O's Major league play off to 10 Got the twins at the angels And after baseball you got any k What? I don't understand that Oh, join in progress Join in progress So in other words The hudders, college football previews got to be on for three hours So we're joining a baseball game in progress And we're turning like the last the S end of it And what if it's like 9 to 1 by the time we get into the ball game Should have a big lead in for Rdk with that And then ESPN really overnight Well I'm doing the best I can Okay, at least I'm passing along with some of the schedule Okay, all of it All of it That's just part of it The Jewish Federation of Greater Seattle is dropped Leonard Nimoy from its October 23rd fundraiser Because of images the former Star Trek stars Arts photography book of naked and partially dressed women Some with Jewish ritual items Federal Federation director Barry Goring with through the invitation Wednesday And an unpleasant conversation Nimoy told us the Adel times for an article published yesterday The Jewish community group could not afford a jeopardized annual fundraiser Which produced about 10 million dollars last year go and said The cover for Nimoy's book Shikina shows a woman with her left arm wrapped in a what is it? Falactories On M.S.B. What's your call it? The pay is the tallest No, since it's not still in With Falactories a pair of accessory mentors initially wearing her right breast visible through a translucent garment The work is entirely referential said in the more 71 of Jew who grew up in an Orthodox household And is now a reform Jew How do you like that? So I guess they were concerned that her sister's wish show or something like that What have I must have been? Cut it out Leonard. I'm going to put you back on a goddamn ship with Bill Shatner. He can get you good deal on what you call it dot com. What's that thing he does? Price line dot com. He can do it for you. Nick Chris though, right today's New York Times. Well, I'm so glad that one guy inspired me man. I'm on a roll now. You inspired me. You would learn to ask Limball looking piece of turd. That's exactly what he is. This tongue probably smells like Lindberggur. You know what I'm saying? He even worse than Scroans. Back to him. Ask. Speaking of skunk. What it's getting cold in there now again? Well, there's no happy me. It was either hotter than hell in here before or now it's like cold. Nick Chris though writes revolving door monsters in the New York Times today. President Bush and vice president and Cheney portrays Adam Hussein is so menacing and terrifying that one might think they've laid a wake at night for years worrying about him. But when Mr. Cheney was running Hallebert in the oil services firm, it sold more equipment to erect than any other company did. As first reported by the Financial Times on November 3rd, 2000, Hallebert and Subcity are submitted $23.8 million with a contract with the wreck to the U.N. in 1998 and 9 for approval by its sanctions committee. Now let me say right up front that this wasn't illegal or even in my view sleazy. This was legitimate business conducted through joint ventures that had been acquired as part of a larger takeover in September 1998. Zuma Branch, a Hallebert and Subcimalman, says that the Subcity are is completed their pre-existing Iraq contracts but did not seek new ones. So this is not evidence of scandalous contact or a grigious misjudgment. This is not like a politician being found as former governor Edwin Edwards of Louisiana put it in bed with a dead girl or a live boy. But as we debate whether or not to go to war with the rackets, a useful reminder of how fast and change in our perceptions of rogue states, public enemy number one today is a government that Mr. Cheney was in effect helping show up just a couple of years ago. More broadly, the U.S. has a long history in which Saddam, though just as monstrous as he is today, was coddled as our monster. In the 1980s, we provided his army with satellite intelligence so that it could use chemical weapons against Iranian soldiers. When Saddam used nerve gas and mustard gas against the Kurds in 1988, the Reagan administration initially tried to blame Iran. We whipped seven strains of Antwerp. We shipped seven strains of Antwerp to wreck between 1978 and 88. These days we see Iraq as an imminent threat to our way of life. Well, just a couple of years ago was perceived as a pathetic dictatorship, hardly worth the bother of bombing. What changed? Not Iraq, but rather our own sensibilities after 9.11. What is driving this, Sadrad Al-Khadiri, an analyst at the petroleum finance company in Washington, it's not driven by any Iraqi provocation. You've got to regime that has kept its head down. It's been driven by a domestic constituency in the U.S. We need to be wary that we're not just pursuing the latest fashion in monsters. Iran was the menace of the 1980s, so we snuggled up with Iraq. The Soviet threat led us to cuddle with Islamic fundamentalist like those now trying to blow us up. In 1994, the Vogue threat changed in Hock's press target for military confrontation with North Korea. We came with an inch of going to war with North Korea in a conflict that a Pentagon study found would have killed a million people, including up to 100,000 Americans. In retrospect, it's clear that the Hock's were wrong about confronting North Korea, containment and deterrents so far have worked instead kind of just as they have kind of worked to restrain your record last 11 years, and we saved thousands of lives by pressing diplomatic solutions. If we spent money on hypocrisy detectors as well as anthracity detectors, they would be buzzing. For example, Republicans are trying to defeat the Democratic Senator Tim Johnson, the South Dakota, by running commercials featuring Sadim Hussein. When I was running from Iraq lately, some peered readers who just did I stay there for good, they might have had their wish if they've been shooting up to it, have sent a few submels thinking for the fine spying sign George Tenet. The fact is that neither Tim Johnson or any Lily Cover columnists ever bolstered Sadim's government to weigh by as president Cheney did perfectly legitimately in 1989. Before we prepared to go to war, we need to take a deep breath and make sure we're doing so to overcome a threat that's real and enduring, not one they were conjuring in part in part out of our trauma of 9-11. Old monsters like Libya, North Korea and Iran have proved well not a femoral but at least changeable, let's terrifying today than they used to be. And the Iraqi threat for which we're now prepared to sacrifice hundreds or thousands of American casualties just a few years ago was simply another Tim Horn dictatorship, where CEO Cheney was earning his bonus. Right to the crisp off of A's New York Times. At a boy Nick Robert Fisk writes in the UK independent on Wednesday of this week, what the US president wants us to forget. Each day now someone says something even more incredible even more unimaginable about president Bush's obsession with war. Yesterday George Bush was in self-telling an audience in Cincinnati about nuclear holy warriors. Forget a moment that we still can prove Sadim was saying as nuclear weapons, forget that the latest Bush speech was just a rehash of all the ifs and maize and goods, in Tony Blair's flimsy 16 pages of allegations in his historically dishonest dossier, forget that if Osama bin Laden never required a nuclear weapon he probably used it first on Sadim, and he was fighting nuclear holy warriors. That's what we have to justify the whole charade through which we are being now taken by the White House by Downing Street by all the decaying experts on terrorism and a last by far too many journalists. Forget the 14 Palestinians, including the 12 year old child killed by Israel a few hours before Mr. Bush spoke, forget that when his aircraft killed nine Palestinian children in July, along with one militant, the Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sherone, a man of peace and Mr. Bush's words, described as slaughter as a great success, Israel is on our side. Remember to use the word terror, use it about Sadim Hussein, use it about Osama bin Laden, use it about yes or on the fart, use it about anyone who opposes Israel or America, Bush used it in his speech yesterday 30 times and a half an hour, that's one terrorism a minute. But now let's list exactly what we really must forget if we're to support this madness. Most important of all we absolutely must forget that President Ronald Reagan dispatched the special envoy to meet Sadim Hussein in December 1983. It's essential to forget this for three reasons, firstly because the awful Sadim was already using gas against the Iranians, which is one of the reasons we're now supposedly going to war with them. Secondly, because the envoy was sent to Iraq to arrange the reopening of the US embassy, in order to secure better trade economic relations with the butcher of Baghdad, thirdly because the envoy was, wait for it, Donald Rumsfeld. Now you might think it strange that Mr. Rumsfeld, of course, of his folksy press conferences, has not tended to what's about this interesting tidbit. It says here, tip bit. You might think it would have wished to enlighten us about the evil nature of the criminal with whom he so warmly shook hands, but no. Strangely Mr. Rumsfeld is silent about all this. As he is about his subsequent and equally friendly meeting with terror disease, which just happened to take place on the day in March 84 that the UN released its damning report on Sadim's use of poison gas against Iran, the American media are silent about this too, of course, because we must forget. We must forget too that in 1988, as Sadim destroyed the people of Halabjah with gas along with tens of thousands of other Kurds, and we used gas against his own people in the words of Mr. Bush, Cheney Blair, Cook-Strawd-All, President Bush Sr. provided him with $500 million in US government subsidies to buy American farm products. We must forget that the following year after Sadim's genocide was complete, President Bush Sr. doubled the subsidy to $1 billion, along with the Jermseed for Rantharax telecopters, and the notorious dual-use material that could be used for chemical and biological weapons. And when President Bush Jr. promises the Iraqi people in aero of New Hope and Democracy after the destruction of Sadim as he did last night, we must forget how the Americans promised Pakistan and Afghanistan in a new era of hope after the defeat of the Soviet Army in 1980 and did nothing. We must forget how President Bush Sr. Erzya Rackies surprised up against Sadim in 1991 when they obeyed and did nothing. We must forget how America promised the new era of hope to survive in 1993, and then after Black Hawk down, a band in the country. We must forget how President Bush Jr. promised to stand by Afghanistan before he began his bombing last year, and his loved enough economic shambles of drug-bearance, warlords, andarchy, and fear. He boasted yesterday that the people of Afghanistan have been liberated this after he failed the case of been lawed and failed the case of Mula Omar, and while his troops are coming under daily attack. We must forget as we listen to the need to re-instart reinsert arms inspectors that the CIA covertly used UN weapons inspectors to spy on Iraq. And of course, it must forget about oil. Indeed oil is the one commodity in one of the few things which George Bush Jr. knows something about, along with his ex-Cronis, Taney and Rice, and countless others, in the administration which is never mentioned. In all of Bush's 30 minutes of anti-aircraft war talk yesterday, meaning Monday, pleasantly live in with just two minutes of how I hope this will not require military action. There was no single reference to the fact that Iraq may hold oil reserves larger than those of Saudi Arabia, that American oil companies stand again billions of dollars in the event of US invasion, that once out of power, Bush and his friends could become multi-billionaires on the spores of this war. We must ignore all of this before we go to war. We must forget. We must ignore all of this before we go to war. We must ignore all of this before we go to war. We must ignore all of this before we go to war. We must ignore all of this before we go to war. We must ignore all of this before we go to war. We must ignore all of this before we go to war. We must ignore all of this before we go to war. We must ignore all of this before we go to war. We must ignore all of this before we go to war. We must ignore all of this before we go to war. We must ignore all of this before we go to war. We must ignore all of this before we go to war. We must ignore all of this before we go to war. We must ignore all of this before we go to war. We must ignore all of this before we go to war. We must ignore all of this before we go to war. We must ignore all of this before we go to war. We must ignore all of this before we go to war. We must ignore all of this before we go to war. We must ignore all of this before we go to war. We must ignore all of this before we go to war. We must ignore all of this before we go to war. We must ignore all of this before we go to war. We must ignore all of this before we go to war. We must ignore all of this before we go to war. We must ignore all of this before we go to war. We must ignore all of this before we go to war. We must ignore all of this before we go to war. We must ignore all of this before we go to war. We must ignore all of this before we go to war. We must ignore all of this before we go to war. We must ignore all of this before we go to war. We must ignore all of this before we go to war. We must ignore all of this before we go to war. And hockey in this town, all you gotta do is read Dave Hyde's in Sifid Colahue again for the second day of the row in a son sentless more idiotic pathetic tragic Oh, he's just 19 and by the way, his bull misthero kick yielding that bull meester I know meester is like more whiny uh, which is right up your alley that guy there's there's a guy talk about an in-great that son of a bitch You know, I'm talking about what are you talking about talking about doing the reason he's here is because I mean that was that was I'll office up to a right now made a bad mistake Saving his ass to keep an his job Why why why why was that in the state because he's got it because he's become a total suckhold He'd have it while you're right. He has to be scutter. I know see I beat you to the punch and speaking of suckholds a guy It didn't suck around enough on it. He's totally unprofessional as long on here the beast That was the line by the way wasn't he was totally unprofessional. He doesn't belong on my show That was the line for Mo about to the beast but anyways after 11 o'clock I don't see him in here for the way in yet. I don't want to grudge start getting nervous to anything like that Like I said before I'm gonna do a way in. I'm gonna do it early as possible in the day when I haven't consumed very much So I mean that there's nothing wrong with that there's nothing dishonest about that. I'm sure he's on his way in. Oh, yeah, right? He's on his way all right out Maybe that's him right there on a bat line is that the beast? And what's he do I said he's on his way in say, but that was the one I got the psychic vibration to bring him up again See because I knew he was on a way in just to try to nudge him along a look to get don't go too fast Okay, we don't want to record anything but just to try to put a little pedal under the metal there I think he's going to run all the way here from Kendall just to make sure he loses a little bit Yeah, run up the old Hershey highway baby and now I didn't mention before it has mayor pickup for candy What's he doing? I get him off my screen. God almighty The shooting in the fringersburg this morning was at an exon station So the latest in these series of lunatic sniper shootings have been a gas stations now Like wasn't the first one the very first moments of the gas station and then there were a couple or no, maybe not because we had a couple of those shopping classes right where those Michaels Whatever those stores are What a craft stores at least and one of the first year for was it the gas station and not last couple of it again stations And there's still a check in people on the highway there there are a check in trucks on 95 near Fredericksburg It's so long anything happens will let you know all a news conference at the exon station 11 30 this morning I bet you what's his name shows up the most Mr. Moose Old Mr. Moose Jesus Christ. He ain't gonna be there. He's busy. He's busy getting ready for armor getting baby Yeah, getting ready to return So we can let go send all them two thirds of the Jews to hell on the other 30 can sign them up And of course everybody else on you Muslim suck your out. Oh forget about you And all his heathens forget about that all together Van here today. I know he had several fashes about this don't have to worry. I'm on top of this stuff Even we had a few internet problems here speaking of internet. How's that pull coming? 299 votes the tone of Neil Show is this is so bogus man. This is such bull crap It makes no difference where he is 166 the tone sucks. We want the callers back 98 You should live so long. You want the callers back and that guy was a perfect example He had nothing to say he just called to tell me what not to say oh And a hockey and as soon as he started that thought well, this is refreshing Maybe here's a guy went to the game last night here's a guy unlike unlike Dave Hyde and even Dan La Bass dude had a little bit of a ball this morning in the Harold Right and about that $10 million they were gonna save the paypalvel barra popbel barosalry and we're gonna go on get some free agent to go something You can't build a franchise out of only youngsters new organization even so much peddle us that tune for how many years now back to the VM days and before The youngsters new organization nobody wants to pay that kind of lady go out and see that Lot of effort but the same result, okay? Oh, yeah, they really went out there and worked hard on the free agent more like a stuff on my toe didn't play last night By the way, is he gonna make a difference oh you better sweet asking it and By the way, somebody ought to tell that dumb frog that he's pot fan man you talk about dumb Jesus Christ What the how was he talking about last night was referring to the Saber's goaly whose name is Martan Biron he's another frog when you think that no matter how dumb you are for your frog You can pronounce other frog's names. I feel really really well he's an a special category when it comes to dumb that Denise Pomey called him Matthew, which is name eight Matthew is still gonna Matthew Barnaby used to play for the save it Matthew the home His name is Martan it call a Marty Martan Biron. I watched him play for the Sabers last night Who kicked the owners as five to one? I think that was a final This is Denise Pomey that's what we got in this time. It's just seeping with me the awkwardty people like Dave High who don't have the balls to write it like it is But how the fans keep getting shafted over and over again in this town and keep getting expected to pay that kind of money Although I will say this for the new owners there. They're not that stupid They realize they got such a crappy product. They're giving tickets away. Are you where that? No, if you take your if you have a daydreader, I think Monroe County drivers license and you bring your license to a I forget which games Whole bunch of games you can get two free tickets in the upper bowl How do you like that? They all go for that deal. I'm gonna go to God almighty so nice going Alan Cohen you guys really know what you were doing not not The youngsters in the organization my ass okay How many years does it take to be build from scratch? They keep screwing a public over and it's down over and over again And you're on it a lie because it's offloader because they can because they can get away with it Bad hair day. Do I have time to do that not better do the break first and then we'll do the bad hair They didn't but the Montana Democrats exploit anti gay prejudice I'm not your jet bush would be excited about that fact. Maybe he gave him the idea They're not homophobic in Montana are they? No Huh, all I'm orange heads up there. They're not homophobic all them people with the four eyes not at all You know the ones I'm talking about sure, but that's a leacher It's a one's in Shelby. Woooo! Wee! The man almost went to work that one time and Shelby Montana. I said give me out of here You're over the floor. Which way is the old Hershey highway? Let me hop on it and get out of this place. Shelby Montana There's Bill Hummer who must begin serious now. He took his glasses offators for what he said the gators. He's worried about football. I don't give a crap a gator's pretty weak man Let me tell you what else is pretty weak and that is wasting your time and money and effort running around a by a new mattress If you old mattresses worn out if you just pummel it to pieces and you're not worth a crap anymore And you're gonna get me right night's late. Do what Miguel did do what I always do do what the smart folks do make the one AC phone call the data mattress at 1 800 mattress. That's all you got to do they give you the best service in the sun the best selection Because they got the top names in a business no off-brands a dollar mattress. They've got Serta and Silly Simmons and King Coil and no store in the University in match their everyday exceptionally low prices and nobody would even think about promising you the kind of service You get when you call the dollar mattress because they offer you delivery when it's convenient for you any day seven days week in the tour I window that you pick just reach in there and pick it and they give you that 30-day in-home company guarantee to so you can test out your great new mattress The olding and tells you and way by sleep and on it So pick up that phone a collar right now and buy this weekend by tonight You could be sleeping with a big smile on your ugly old pussy called 1 800 mattress 1 8 I mean to be sure and do it before our market comes by the way 1 800 mA TTR ES or check them out of the web if you like it mattress dot com They're beautiful look a bit more how anybody showed the boy For a bite smoker was stopping on me a balacost day yesterday Yeah, what the hell is she know about men sports Go for men and that's that keep the broads in the kitchen ready for long Otherwise they could wind up like done in short, and you know what happened to her and how? Yeah, and that's the way it ought to be in Augusta Mr And another thing those two of it has got me dead think of me being right for the repeatedly Oh, it's so funny. Did they did well I say it is he the speaker's producing them and then pipe smoking just goes Lineal is singing on it I tell you how I know this goes any buddy who sings has got to be a little Affimited you know like you That's not always I say it is I'll show that just who's boss. Why I'll have you know I once had breakfast with President fixin Yeah, you see this pen he gave me this pen but then just 169 and I kept it hidden up my ass for all these years This socket to me It's not It's I Is it Fair with David a boy you know really All right, all right now see here your mutton heads. I'm gonna show you just how gay it is this thing You're just puzzling you I really hate you The singing with those songs. I think it's wrong And a bit you do Entertainment that's what this shows all about entertainment am I right? Awesome right what are you all the time? I Would you close back up some barrisking I can help it go Let your body Fl ubiquitous So it went at one-end real abrupt. Anyway, bad here today, this is from, uh, what is, I got about 75 different versions of this, but this is the cutest one. Did Montana Democrats exploit anti-gay prejudice. When Mike Taylor, the GOP Senate candidate Montana abruptly withdrew from his challenge to Democratic Senator Max Boccas yesterday, he claimed it was because the Democratic attack ad was conveying the impression that he was gay. Old-time on Tana politicians thought they were experiencing deja vu. A similar controversy upcincted GOP candidate ran against Mr. Boccas when he first ran for the Senate 24 years ago. Democrats said that Mr. Taylor quit because he was going to lose and may have wanted to pull a toruscelli and have a popular governor former governor Mark Rassico replace him on a ballot, but Mr. Taylor says he doesn't want his name or who from the ballot. He wants that encourage any right in candidate who wants to challenge and come to Democrat Max Boccas. The logistical challenges of organizing a successful right in race only three weeks before an election effective relieves Mr. Boccas unopposed. Although Mr. Taylor is 12 Mr. Boccas in the polls, his campaign says the bottom dropped out for their man this week. After Democrats began $100,000 ad campaign, accusing him of abusing a student loan program in the 80s when he ran a chain of hair-care schools. Mr. Taylor settled the speed with the federal government for $27,250, $199, without amending any wrongdoing. But the real damage to Mr. Taylor appears to come from footage taken from the 80s informers for his company. The footage showed a younger Mr. Taylor with a beard and dressed in a John Travolta style leisure suit topped off with an open-necked shirt and gold chains. He was shown a flying lotion to the face of a young man in a barber chair. How do you like that? Gay said my Taylor, or no, it says my Taylor not the way we do business Montana in the radar in tone. How do you like that, huh? That's what he said. It puts the lotion in the basket. Republicans complain the ad imply that Mr. Harris was gay. A potentially negative issue in rural and socially conservative parts of Montana, Democrats scoff at the notion that they were attempting any subliminal messaging. Subliminal. They said the ads on Mr. Taylor applying lotion to another man because of the only footage they had. Right? It puts the lotion in the basket. The explanation doesn't satisfy Democratic state senator Ken Toul, who shares the state human rights network. He has completely stayed Democratic Party about the ad telling was an overt and obvious appeal to the homophobic voter that plays on stereotypes, images of gay people. Mr. Toul told the Billings Gazette that once you play these cards inject this crap into a campaign, race, gay, nobody controls it. That's pretty much what political service also said in 1978 when Montana AFL CIO decided to one load on Republican Larry Williams an investment advisor who was running against Mr. Boccus, coincidentally enough for the Senate. How do you like that? You're gay. The union distributed hundreds of thousands of copies of a photo taken when Mr. Williams lived in California that showed him wearing love beads and with an uncapt hairdo, a sharp contrast to the button on him as you try to convey in the Senate race. Mr. Williams claimed the photo been taken after he had finished the long flight, but the damage was done. Charles Johnson, a journalist for the Lee newspaper chain in Montana, said that at the time some election observers credited the move as a factored helping Boccus win the tight race. In Mr. Taylor's cases, not clear that Democrats were cautiously playing to anti-gay prejudice. But it's surprising that Democrats refused to pull the ad even after the upper and criticism from some of their own party members. Dory Schwindon, an ademocratic campaign director, said the ads claims about the student loan abuse were true when we stand by 110%. Fine, but you think the Democrats might have wanted to avoid the controversy by offering the substitute some different footage of Mr. Taylor without changing the script. So Senator Boccus now chairman of the Powerful Finance Committee can outcrues to a fifth term without breaking a sweat. While he personally had nothing to do with the infamous ad that prompted his opponents withdrawal, it does seem strange that for the second time in his political career, he's benefited from the same kind of underhanded tactic. Many in Montana are saying it would be appropriate from to chance dies as friends and allies who put up the infamous ad, but they're not holding their breath. You're gay. How do you like that, mafosa? He was applying lotion to his clients. Based something. Michael T. Claire writes, this is unsalon.com, Washington's oil politics. I can't think that guy enough who called me at whatever time was. 9.30. 10.30. Whenever he was. Hey, there's Miguel, by the way, got a new mattress from Dallematter. And they're breaking it in. It's what I'm hearing. It says, as it's widely known, the bush of administration has initiated, where's the beast? He must be driving awfully slow. Either that. You know what I think he's doing? He's doing the old stop and purge routine. He bought every 10 blocks he stops and right out the window. Yeah, to try before he gets on a scale. Probably another one, him cruises beast or maybe this way, six years will be. He's eating now. He's eating from the stress of having been thrown off the old Mohour Cho. That must be it. You know, that's gotta be it. As is widely known, the Bush administration has initiated planning for an American invasion of Iraq. The US has solved his expected to occur early next year, and would tell the commitment of several hundred thousand US combat troops. While strongly supported by top Republican leaders and some prominent Democrats, these plans have been condemned by many of America's closest allies. And as a result of a certain amount of unease among senior US military officials, why then is the administration's so determined to proceed with the plan invasion? Several explanations have been advanced by Washington and Siders to answer this question. The official view is that Saddam Hussein must be supposed to be working to apply the weapons of mass destruction that he has thought to possess in some future clash with the US or its allies. Some analysts also believe that the Kyrgyz House leadership seeks to erase its lingering embarrassment over the first president Bush's figure to eliminate the dictator in 1991 from the Persian Gulf War. These are other successful nations all contain an important element of truth, but they also leave out one critical factor, oil. There's that word again. The pursuit and protection of Middle Eastern or has, of course, always been a significant factor in US security policy. In 1980, then President Jimmy Carter made explicit what had long been stated informally that any hostile effort to impede the flow of Persian or Gulf War would be regarded as an assault on the vital interest of the United States and as such would be repelled by any means necessary, including military force. This principle, dubbed by the Carter Doctrine, was later given as the reason for American intervention in the 1991 Gulf conflict and the subsequent buildup of US forces in the region. Because Iraq still poses a significant threat to Kuwait and Saudi Arabia to America's leading suppliers of oil, it continues to serve as a potential trigger for the Carter Doctrine. The fact that Iraq probably possesses chemical or biological munitions, how many such weapons remain in Iraqi hands cannot be known with any certainty because there have been no UN inspections there for four years, adds to but as an alter the basic nature of this threat. In this sense, Kuwait's concern over Iraq and its illicit weaponry is tied to the longstanding American policy of protecting the flow of Persian Gulf oil. But Iraq also figures another key aspects of the global oil equation. At a time when domestic US oil production is facing long-term decline in America's demand for petroleum is rising every day, the United States had becoming ever more dependent on major foreign producers like Iraq and Saudi Arabia. Iraq currently provides the US with approximately 800,000 barrels of crude oil a day or about 9% of total US imports. Although the US doesn't buy directly from Iraq, it requires Iraqi crude for middlemen who trade with Baghdad under the UN supervised oil for food program. However, it is not the current flow of Iraqi oil that matters most in Washington, but rather the long-term equation. By 2020, according to recent Department of Energy calculations, the US will need to import 17 million barrels of oil per day, six million more barrels than today. Some of this addition will probably become from the oil fields in Latin America, Africa, Russia, and the Caspian Sea basin. The most of it will have to probably come from the Persian Gulf area because only the Gulf possesses efficient reserves to increase production substantially. Saudi Arabia, with estimated reserves of 262 billion barrels, has the greatest capacity to accelerate production, but Iraq with number 13 billion barrels comes in second. Together with Iran, Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates, these countries possess two thirds of the world's known oil reserves. The Bush administration is what a way of America's and the world's growing dependence on Persian Gulf War, and the National Energy Policy Report issued May 2001, also known as the Cheney Report efforts key author of the vice president. We want to have observed that by any estimation, Middle East oil producers will remain central to the World Oil Security, and thus or may in a primary focus of US international energy policy. This means in particular convincing the Gulf states to substantially increase their daily output, and to export more their oil to the US. It will be impossible in theory for the West to satisfy its need for increased oil supplies with that in imports from Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, and UAE alone, but American officials are well aware that conflict and disorder in these countries, or lack of adequate investment, prevent the delivery of adequate supplies. It is therefore US policy to diversify its dependency as much as possible by increasing imports from other suppliers. Hence the Kuwait drive to acquire additional supplies from Russia, Nigeria, and the Kaspian Sea countries. But now these alternative producers can compare to Iran, Iraq, and its capacity to boost substantial production substantially. With 113 billion barrels of proven reserves and indication of vast untap reservoirs, and as yet on its four areas of the country, Iraq is the only country beside Saudi Arabia that can add millions of barrels per day in additional production of the next 10 to 20 years. It is for this reason that Iraq looms so significantly, and America's foreign energy policy. As yet, no senior official in Washington decided this is a reason for invading Iraq to do so would be to eliminate whatever range of credibility the Bush administration has in Europe and the Middle East. It could also provoke opposition in the US among those who questioned the sacrifice of blood for oil. But there can be no doubt that the White House made up as it is a former oil company officials, is aware of the oil situation in Iraq and the problems this will pose to successful realization of the administration's long-term energy strategy. Only by occupying Iraq and choosing its new government can the US be certain that these problems will be overcome. Especially now that they throw a monkey wrench in there with an Afghan oil pipeline, you know? Damn it. At this point, it's impossible for outsiders to know what exactly is driving the administration's campaign to outside of the USA. No doubt many factors are involved, some strategic summit has actually justified this instance. It can only be determined if there's a bracket open discussion of US policy to Iraq. Surely such a discussion is called for before we place the lives of our servicemen and women at risk, rights, micro tclare on salon.com. And don't call me surely. 26 after 11 at 5.60 WQAM and a really bizarre Friday. It's all I can tell you. Since we heard that drilling down stairs, we should know time to bail out. Time to get out for Columbus Day, something may have some story. 274 votes the tone on the heel show and makes no difference where he is 122. The tone sucks we want the colors back 112. 41% what the colors back do you believe that? No. It's best from the money shows from Miami 21, best from Toronto 14, and best from Amstrad Amthree. I guess they missed that show. For me, it's today. 26 after 11 at 5.60 WQAM. Am I in the right hour? Yeah, I am in the right hour. We all have different lifestyles. Therefore, we need different products to make us feel better and be healthier. All we might Mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of pharmaceutical grade olive oil with vitamins and minerals, herbal's, another nutrient scientifically designed to provide natural nutrient solution to help you support specific health needs. Look for all we have made three new formulas which are sleep, weight, management, and co-enzyme Q10, Q10. I'll use the benefits of pharmaceutical rate olive oil. All we have is an outstanding new product that's available at publics, echids and logreens for more info call, Oelumet Tool 31866 Oelumet. You can also order Oelumet online at Oelumetamerica.com. And if you visit your nearest publics and purchase an Oelumet product and Browder Dave County's, you receive a coupon for a free, Larry Cochor Bumblehead Dawaw supplies last, and who wouldn't want at least it doesn't know those. Don't forget to visit their sampling permit in its sports side every Sunday with the offensive playing home games too. Pick up free Oelumet samples and product information. Start feeling healthy right now, get some Oelumet and start popping into your push today. Any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any any Ohisha or any any any anything any any any aren t any any any any any David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David Davida David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David DavidD David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David David Simon David David David David David David David David David David I'm pretty sure that was by request by the way and that's one of the great bits you'll find. I don't need a mobile zone there but restitution is long and then you can Jimmy. I'm the new Volca Brian Seedy. Restitution and mobile it's volume one which you can buy on your roggers.com. You can click on it right now and purchase maybe the greatest CD in this really human race. That's what everybody in the building the same. Except maybe Mo and the guilty. That guilty man. I'm telling you I don't know what to do about that job. I don't know. 286 votes on there. The tone in the show it makes no difference where he is 127. The tone sucks we want the callers back 115 little over 40%. It's best from Miami. Like right now what he's in Miami. Does it sound technically any different that I'm sitting here? No. Oh. 23. See it would seem to me that it would sound better when I'm in Toronto because it's been a much better frame of mind. A better mood. At least if these last two days are any barometer. Maybe they don't like that. See that's your old crowd again. They like me to be pissed off and fired up. They don't want me to be so millo. Best for Miami. 23. Best from Toronto. 16. Best for Amsterdam. Three. Those are the ones that heard that show that day. It doesn't blame me. I can't help it if I was a sick child all summer long. Okay. Now what is this? Tobacco smoke and vote. Get out of here. I'll be propagandizing to me about protecting a second and small blow out your ass. Okay. I'm sitting here smoking a big fat stowy and if anybody don't like it too bad. Who's thinking bad? All you non smoking phonetics. Smoke is bad for you. But this business about becoming millo. It's in about it. You make me sick. So don't be sad. I mean, yeah. And then he say like all these people want to manipulate what I say on your hand. Couldn't happen, baby. I've seen most of you and believe me. You're not manipulating this kid. And what I say either. Study is re-illates in ignoring security council resolutions. Israel holds the record for ignoring United Nations Security Council Resolution's Court of study by San Francisco University Public Health Science Professor Steven Zunas. On the eve of a possible US British assault on Iraq, Zunas decided to examine and depth one of the main arguments used by the Bush administration to justify changing the Baghdad regime. Iraq's deliberate refusal to implement UN Security Council Resolutions. He systematically went through all the states given instructions by the Security Council to fight out how common the phenomenon was. His results were somewhat surprising. Some of the countries are considered unown to be friendly to the US. He told how ourits yesterday and Israel paper. In the vast majority of cases, I examined the government's violating UN Security Council Resolutions are countries that receive significant military diplomatic and financial aid from the US of A. Israel leads that list. Since 1968, Israel has violated 32 resolutions that included condemnation or criticism. The government's policies and actions. Turkey is in second place with 24 violations since 1974 and Morocco was in third with 17 resolutions it'd be ignoring. Newsday newspaper published a ranking yesterday, but Zunas said he did not rank the states. And claimed it was newspaper that came up with the grades. According to Zunas, out of some 15-hundred UN Security Resolutions passed since 1947, 90 were openly blatantly and continually violated without the government's being held accountable for their actions. Zunas specifically avoided counting resolutions that are vague around clear so that the governments could claim different interpretations of the meaning of the resolutions. Thus, the famous UN Security Council Resolutions 24, 238 are not even included in this study. He also did not include the conclusions that only included condemnations and state focused in those that included specific calls for changes in the subject government policies. The resolutions as we have violated were either about its annexation of East Jerusalem or settlements in the territories. The Israel also secured the U.S. ignoring rally when security council resolutions that call for Israel to cease urging harsh measures against the Palestinian population and the cease expeling Palestinians. In response, Israel's deputy chief of mission at the UN are on Yakuza, so yesterday that there were big differences between the decisions that refer to Israel and those that refer to Iraq. Israel is the only democracy in the region and is fighting for its existence while Iraq is a brutal dictatorship that attacked its neighbors and violates human rights, including the use of chemical weapons against its own citizens he said. Oh, well, in that case, in that case, in my name is it kosher. Right. It's a brutal democracy. By the way, speaking of kosher, Rudy Giuliani says all you grease balls out there get over the sopranos. Repeat after what this is on CNN.com. Repeat after Rudy. It's just a television show. It's just a television show. Former mayor Rudy Giuliani weighed in yesterday where the cast members of HBOs these sopranos should march in the Columbus Day parade and the ex-prosecuiters on the side of the television mob. It says, of course, we know his name ends in a vowel. On a base of sopranos, fans will be anti-tilted reporters. The show is a terrific show. And I'd urge some Italian Americans to be less sensitive. You could spend your whole life wanting to be waiting to be insulted, wanting to be. Why would you want to be insulted? This comments came a day after me or Michael Bloomberg, do criticism from parade organizers for inviting Dominic T. N.A.Z. who placed on a sopranos uncle Jr. on the show and Lorraine Brocco will play South-Cartier's Jennifer Melphy to march in the city's annual celebration of a tag in parade. Whatever. I think we'll all get behind it when we just relax more about it Giuliani said it's just a show. And I said today when they like all the streets in New York, it's like slide with all of Orally Schmurder on up and down all the streets, gallons, barrels of it. For later organizers dislike the sopranos because they see it's a little more than a negative caricature of a tag in American life. The Columbus Citizens Foundation which planned the event previously has turned down request for sopranos actors to participate. Oh, Stogi's a kidding man. What did I tell you? No smoking. Oh, get a little champion light in me. I didn't invite them as members of the sopranos and I guess they'll we have that. Larry Ariana, president of the Foundation, said the show perpetuates negative stereotypes. Besides the whole crime element it shows italow Americans as uneducated low-life Brutes who said, Giuliani disagreed. Rudy says, I don't think we should feel sorry for ourselves. Attendant Americans have this thing they have to deal with where people may have some prejudices because of the Mafia, which they shouldn't have. But Giuliani said it can't march in the parade because it'll be in California signing copies of his New book, Leadership in Campaign for Bill Simon. If we're public and candidate for governor, you see what an egotistical little pricky as he swings open the door there. That uh, like we're supposed to have a drum roll. It's that all play any atonaut. Okay for the beast. Okay. Because I heard the real reason he got kicked out that morning show. What do you say? He's unprofessional. He's unprofessional is what I was unprofessional. He's not a broadcaster. He doesn't belong on the other one. He's talking on my show. You got it? Get him out of there. Let him do the updates and that's the end of that. Do not let him be on my show, goddammit. Kelly, I'm going to cut your balls off and then fire your ass too. Yeah, he was out in the hallway this morning, guilty. Not that I was kind of a chilly reception I got after all this time I've been away. Haven't seen him in a dog's age. I saved a guy's job form even with a squeaky voice. Even after the way he tried to stab jugs McDonald on the back there. Go after his job there and I ready to play my play job. Okay, the beast is now this deserves a drum roll this part. See, I agree with that. The beast is getting under scale. He's yelling. Malm for life is he's Malm for about a ballad. Most of it is unbalanced. Oh, right away. Okay. Which what was your last word? The notes right there. Oh. Three pounds. All right. So he lost back to two pounds. He had gained back and another whatever. Two, twenty eight and a half. Don't forget to update it. We'll lose track. See you're another one. He's telling me what to do now. Don't you think I'm capable of writing that on there. I love, I'm chewing gum and sitting here, squeeze my ass at the same time. Don't you think I can do that? I don't know. Let's sit and listen to all that drilling and hammering going on. I got an outlet and taking a few calls to our right. Let's take a few calls. Not carpet thing downstairs. That's what's going on. I don't give a crap what it is. I don't care what they're doing. It is so unacceptable and so freaking outrageous. I'm going to call my good friend president, portion, having to do something about. I'm going to call a kind of leases. What I'm going to do. Feet on cut to crap. That's for it. So two, twenty eight and a half. The beast is lost. He started two, eighty nine is that correct? Twenty four. Twenty four. And the same pretty good. Mad. Twenty fifty six and a half pounds is what it is right. Fifty five and a half. Let's not get too carried away. Twenty four and two twenty eight and a half. And since you haven't seen him in a while, can't you tell? No. The different. He can tell the difference. I don't know. I mean, I've got about more on. Yes. I don't put him on the air. Whatever you do. Okay. I'm professionally. It's a little much. I love eating nuts. And he, uh, consort, what those guys that I made. They showed that just guys learn that the little. They're probably in the spick. He consort with him. So whatever you do, put him on the guy they're. They're okay. Don't ever put him on my show again. You're fine. Did it. Okay. Gildy. Use suckle. And don't be talking to that fat that juice. Love in a hallway either. Okay. Cause I'll get back to me. Yeah. We got a real deal going on in this place. Boys and girls. I'll tell you. So nice going there to beast. Came back. And tell your parents. No more goddamn cruises. Okay. Tell next time they slept. You're a fat ass. And a cruise. You're going to throw them both overboard. Here. This guy is working. I've done a damn good job. Overall these months. Any other thing that reminds me of it during the break. I'm going to put my shrooms in the microwave. I snack. I'm going to have my lunch. Cause I'm back on balance for like myself. And next week, all next week on channel 4 on that five and six o'clock news. They're doing those series on different diets. They're doing acens this week. Next week balance for life. Maybe they can have the beast on there. What do you say? Don't put him on there. He's unprofessional. Don't be putting him on television. God damn it. In fact, we can have the beast wearing most wig. I think that would be that would be some eye. I would turn into watch that special. I'd tape it. Get a 90 share. The beast wearing most peace. 18 till noon at 5.60. WDQM is there still anybody out there who's not punching their lungs in VIP sportsbook.com. I feel bad if that's the case. Let me tell you you're missing out on a really great sportsbook. That's what Gary Sarners is. You know about Gary. He's an asshole. You hear a lot of ads. He's been eating some research before you're plunk your cash down at some unstable third world sportsbook. Let me help you out. VIP sportsbook.com is the only book to be unanimously endorsed by the industry watchdogs. They're Dutch based like in a real country with real living and breathing cheap people. And one of the first online sportsbooks ever. So if you want to go on a roll of a lifetime if you're hoping to anyway, you want to be at that time of the best sportsbook out there. VIP sportsbook.com. So you know you're going to want to put your cash. And of course with the football swing in big time and her can play another girl school F. as you this weekend and all the other games going on. You want to be with the best luck I said VIP sportsbook.com. Open an account online and get yourself a 15% cash on a bonus. And then I mentioned they got the highest parlay odds you'll find anywhere on the face of the globe up to 2001. So before Armageddon strikes get that plunge in and while it's hot. Get over to VIP sportsbook.com and play it a book with some real plans. Call tool free to sign up at 1-866 VIP bets. That's 1-866 VIP BETS or get that 15% cash bonus by signing up online at VIP sportsbook.com where you be the VIP. And die to people who are supporting deal 560'sueley you way aim to put paint some clue from fan salesBox.com pay attention to your job site. You're strongisches glue on this way so go in the application video and register Okay, yellow teeth so far apart Can't believe the candle is a what you'd be doing Get me a magic like that broken schmarts of time Is you day cause you are at home, but if you need to Is you deflected and jimmed me, who is smart Does they lack, and you shunned their shoes from the leasor Of the way you wash and off the white his cars You'll do junior say he trust you, but believe you Who's the la la, the green oil roll But then he make you in all the white house bathroom The cup was seen to the toilet and then scrub the floor They tell you, don't wear sandals, don't leave the old No, your home keep going, they'll make them all over the kitchen You, you, you, you're not being naked You're smart, it'll be very cruel If you'll be what you can be that doggy stew On the while you'll be sitting fast, hey, you may be loud That's the dream you just lack, your ester-roll That's when your head will move from side to side From the leasor, into bush and from here They be crack or asshole Compt of the five sixty were the guy that the guy chaed at that mobile At that ex-on station, I'm so well same difference, I'm ex-on a mobile Guy, that guy chaed He guy? Yes So we had another dead person shot by a crazy ass sniper They were in Fredericksburg, Maryland, and I didn't see the press conference Then I'm missing her, he just got to come out, you have to move, man Mr. Moose, I see something but it looked the same as it did Every other day, and I'm sure he wasn't going to say anything Did he ever say anything? Well he never says anything Except when a kid got shot, he said, now you've crossed the line And I looked the next day in the paper, the ages of the day It was one young woman was like in early 20s, 20th year, four And then there was that 72 year old woman I asked him myself, I don't understand that I just don't get that Their lives weren't worth as much I see Officials say tanker likely attacked off Yemen You know, like I told you before they keep changing her story First we knew it was a terrorist attack And then well, let's not say that A far we explosion aboard that French World tanker in the Arabian sea Resulted from an attack on a ship, US and French officials concluded yesterday The American said it was an act of terror as the most likely carried out by people Would links to al Qaeda Investigate is from France Yemen and the United States have been tried to determine what caused the place Sunday in the Limburg, the killed one crew member and said 90,000 barrels of oil pouring in the Gulf of Odden It's become clear that it's an act of terrorism a US intelligence official in Washington said yesterday On the condition of course of anonymity Al Qaeda were considered an old tanker with economic target officials said Recent statements from al Qaeda leaders would have suggested attacks on economic targets are imminent The attack bears a number of similarities they these suicide boat strike on US as coal knocked over 2002 the official said and we say that that notion it Wow, I didn't like that it bears a striking similarity I mean are we sharper what are we on top of it? Kind of like been there done that seen it How many votes we got on the poll now on the tone of the show I don't know. I think we're finally getting back on the swing over here a little bit After a very hesitant start this morning with all that drilling going on in the floor 320 votes the totally Niel show is it makes no difference Where he does the show from 142 the tones sucks. We want the callers back 131 about 41% That's what you have from what it used to be by the way So do we believe it not necessarily why I took some calls don't you think I took enough? That one guy got me all pissed off. He's right up take. Yeah, of course he wanted to talk about hockey not he wanted to talk about as much about hockey as Mo wants to talk about hockey That's right not Because he doesn't know I think about it. He's too guy damn lazy to go there. He makes one one appearance Last season toward the end of the season they gave him a freebie to come there of course and wind and dined and you know Kiss this toes kiss this ring Set around for one period making an appearance showing his president got up in a whole day. That's it Lazy lazy and old and of course when you get to be that age I guess you become lazy You know when you get to be near 70s The tone sucks we want the callers back 131 41% it's best when it's from Miami like right now 25 man is it good or what I don't see you know Oh, you were aggravated. Oh my yeah, you're right about that best from Toronto 16. That's what I voted and best from Amsterdam for now Why was that be? I don't know well, that's right. I forgot you can't get that good weed and Toronto right Yeah, you can Kuwaiti group plan more attacks The two Kuwaiti so attack US Marines this week were part of a group that planned more assault on the Americans and in theory ministry officials said today However, no connection with Osama. You mama been Lanzo kind of turn out work has been established yet the official set on condition of anonymity Question thing of some 60 suspects and I wouldn't as his ensues they shooting the killed one Marine injured another had led to a cell of around 15 people that was headed by a nus al-kandari there is again famous a nus One of the attackers the official said what was your luck is cookies though? In fact, let's just go blow his brains out and it will steal his cookies Al-kandari 21 in his 26 year old cousin jassim al-hajiri both Muslim extremists who trained in Florida and Afghanistan drove up and opened fire on a Marines taking a break from urban assault training on the island of phylica phalaka ten miles off the coast of Wally, no that We know it and then the Kiddiqui blow offling back and forth after they don't tell us the truth of course you don't understand that don't you are good White band seen bumping vehicles leaving the scene that's shooting in the frontersburg a white van again Now, do you think the white van is probably hidden out i-95 right now? I don't know you think they got a radio with a like a new station on there in that van Oh I think they got to me more those cute terro cards See when they find that white van i mean i don't want to get to be one of these violent people one of these angry but you know i just blow their crap away right now Just find a van and kill him maybe they'll resist Oh Good we can only hope Look how they were going to resist oh wrong van well So i think that's a good lesson for all new people out there don't be filling up your get it'll be pumping your gas don't be pumping though ethyl at a station near the highway right right although of course it's all confined up in that area so far so far so far so far so bad Passing you with box cutters paid to lesser charge and return to Bulgaria i guess that's a fake worse than you that's a good punishment A Bulgarian lawsuit who attempted to board a plane in Atlanta city last month with two box cutters and scissors struck a plea agreement the yesterday that calls from the lead the country good went and doubts ship amount Nikolay Vee so net what is that that's a box cutter oh Zone of 21 pleading guilty knowingly and hopefully violating the airport rules under the agreement with prosecutors it was sentenced to five years probation order to leave the country Zone of have been charged with the tentative order plan where they concealed weapon was crazy penalty about to 10 years in federal prison If you missed the call earlier on the show when we're taking some really neat calls not we had some asshole to call it is a oh yeah when you know it's calls really get pondress and hey we got things changing now it's hockey season and you know plus it gets really pondress every day here in all these stories about bush did this just a bush look your man a professional bush licker who's who thinks that he can call an influence me and tell me what i'm going to talk about on his show like i'm going to lay off these fascist bastards and washing it you can hold your breath real long and hard on that one baby somebody's got to open up a mouth Jesus k crayon that's why do read these comes because they're all from people who have the ball stop and up and tell it like it is instead of goose stepping the guy the party line Now kind of tapes prompt if we are warning now i read this but i don't know what color we're under today view yellow Are you sure yes, how do you know that i saw thing It was yellow yeah it was most herpes It's convenient you know it changes by the day certain day yeah the FBI's warning state local authorities that recent tape statements by al-Qaeda lius may signal at another attack on the u.s. has been approved cbs news national security correspondent They've marked reports that al-Qaeda's got a track record a releasing statements by salinas just before major attacks like the Afro-coon and my embassy bombings in 1998 The White House city yesterday. There were no plans to raise the terror alert level because of the al-Zawari tape reports CBS news correspondent john Roberts It is presently at yellow see just like i just said It's presently a yellow significant risk because officials don't have any specific information detailing where and when and attack me occur yellow is the third highest level of five threats let's see we got yellow and em what orange and red right I know my colors man. That's why we do I say today a lot because I know my colors but what's below the yellow Green would be at the bottom no blows at the bottom Code blue is a debatum Green's the next one but I thought we just had co-blue in Virginia nothing green is it and if you got co-blue in the hospital and you got somebody dying over here green is a lot of you right? Hey, you know something you better know your com. I'm gonna get the bridge tender on your ass because you sure don't know your colors Mr. Eddie. Yeah, what does wrong with you? You better get with it Yeah, I like the tone of the show better here. You know because I get much more aggravated I like the tone of these corn chips. I got from balance for life I'm gonna like to tone of those damn shrumes. I got another those whatever it'll they were I forgot what it said on the air all the food I've had has been magnificent. I had the Mongolian beef the other day. Oh, that's the best In spite of the broccoli man And of course you know the kind of idiot that invented Mongolian beef a Mongol Mongolian idiot. It's lugnted these six and five 60 WC337 votes on the full let's get that book a Brian CD after a hundred CD sold by the week Quit just downloading and stealing it. We know what you're up to we know the kind of crap that you ask holes pull you cheat fast Did you what's how much is he charging for 15 bucks? Well, well worth it at 10 times the price. Let's get with it Anybody wouldn't want all those mobots my gut enough to make you crap your pants. It's your work for more. I'll turn it that Look like he had another one in London, broils in his pants this morning Hey, Pompano Park is doing it this weekend. They be post time denied for live racing 715 and it just maybe a boy a lot of a broil Big big boil Of course when you get raped that often I guess you do get boils on your ass, you know what? 715 post time on Friday and Saturday including that for the first time in a 40 year history of the tractor We freak club house and grants that the mission all see it As always see this is another reason I hate being back here. I got to watch this idiot over there with a red in the face Crawling or bouncing off the table in there just calm down There's nothing so fun when you get to be in your 80s you'll have up brown stains in your pants to like mo In fact based on a number of crap you take it every day and about a week you're praying In fact when you see that the contract don't show up talk about old general yellow stain There are two new wages this season complained the super surfer with a $10,000 bonus payout or Or try would one of the two pick four wages is a Pompano Park is I'm gonna start that graphic downstairs They got another hour tonight is CScape night there'll be free prize drive to win one of 10 trips for two on the CScape Casino dinner cruise not over the second leg of the CScape pacing series also want a program that I upon for a park They $50,000 stand in stakes for two-year-old trotters tomorrow night to $70,000 sales stakes for two-year-old Paces and the second leg of the fall debut pacing series. I see Kevin Wallace's back. How's it going hey Kevin? This is the last week Pompano Park will be open only two nights because starting next week when the October 16 Pompano Park will be open three nights a week for your Wednesday Friday and Saturday for your plunging pleasure and the sixth or top of the park Dynamo from starts up on Wednesday with its great new menu find dining and every night that we have live racing Which will be Wednesday Friday and Saturday and of course I'm all casting every day seven days week and night starting a noon Pompano Park where they're plunging the light crazy. Don't forget post-time tonight and every night 715 p.m Where it be that well the one hour on wq air Hey, we in it's John Walker-Lind the American tall band Let's just stay without getting into specifics. I'll be very happy when this year is finally over I'm facing 20 years in prison. I'm coming in terms of the fact that I'm a traitor I'm even starting a deal with issues of abandonment with my parents But that's not the worst of it dude. Today. I pick up the paper and they keys me if there's no delicate way to save this Newark going pack a standing weeness They sell was the lover is some business dude named gizara hi art I will say this I'll remember this guy Only slightly I think I met him in Frisco. I was getting my high caloric You know you don't want to mess the house when there's a chance of unexpected company But this whole thing is a real bellywaggle bra after reading the story and answering 4 to 500 phone calls for people asking me to give sideclops a back rub I finally realized this might be my father Or maybe it was me I sure so couldn't do it now though I'm so freaking loaded with so often my compass is permanently pointing south I'm not ruled out the fact that I could be turned on by some man can Like I'm not saying I wouldn't have checked this guy out in the shower She got to remember us taliban We didn't take showers, dude. I couldn't run from the stink and we fast enough So it's as your mice not quite sure the story's accurate not quite sure it's not It's 1244 at 560 WQ. I'm hungry. It's so far behind by the way rich packed you I got a message for you Jesus cried Yeah, that's a message how many times does he have to facts me the same thing? I'll tell you read it I was gonna read it and I'm gonna read it all though I will say this I appreciate it because I got this from several different people The problem being that each copy I had included in the one he sent earlier didn't come out right for whatever reason Maybe the facts is like fixing itself you think because I noticed the pages aren't pouring out of there anymore I think duck gave it that evil look you know he gave it the evil eye Yeah, anyway and also rich packed are quit picking on poor Eric He writes on here at the bottom and you'll tell breakfast read-a-boy that the title is the rest of tuition song not kiss an in blank this morning Schmuck you can write Niguron arrow. Okay. I mean what Don't and I haven't only he must have put something on the website that Tells what songs are in her I don't know And he's all been out of shape because not being a celebrity since he wrote a liner notes at a back of the CD rich Packer now he's getting very been out of shape with fat Erica. Well you leave his breakfast read-a-well on okay you idiot Everything Eric put on there. He got from Boca Brian right so blame that the bald head of geek okay You're always always given him grief anyway. He's on a way in Boca Brian he'll be here Well, he stops to gas station Anyway the article says the bottom line is I don't trust this prison and his advisors not every Democrat has caved a bush's mark Marshall for ver represented a peat star makes it stunningly clear why he voted against the Iraq war resolution and this It's short Is the fiery statement delivered on the floor of the house a Wednesday by California or veteran Democrat Representative Pete Stark you vote Pete that's here for Pete He says Mr. Speaker I rise in opposition to this resolution authorizing military force against Iraq I'm deeply troubled at lives maybe lost without a meaningful attempt to bring Iraq into compliance with that with you and resolutions You're careful and cautious diplomacy the bottom line is I don't trust this president and his advisors Make no mistake we're voting on a resolution that grants total authority to the president wants to invade a sovereign nation without any specific act of provocation This would authorize the United States who acted as the aggressor for the first time in our history It sets a precedent for our nation or any nation who exercise brute force anywhere in the world without regard to International law or international consensus Congress must not walk in locks that beyond a president who's been so callous to proceed without reservation as if war was of no real consequence You know three years ago in December Molly Ivins an observer of Texas politics wrote for an upper class white boy Bush comes on way too hard at a guest to make up for being an upper class white boy Somebody she said should be worrying about how this could affect his handling of future encounters with some Sodom who's saying how prophetic Ms. High-Eyevans I think it's supposed to say with someone like but again it's chopped off here at the edges Let us not forget that our president or commander-in-chief has no experience with the knowledge of war in fact He admits that he was impressed at best in Biblin about the Vietnam war. He scored it his own military service And then failed to serve out his time in the national guard and he reported the years later that it's a height of the conflict in 1968 He didn't notice any heavy stuff going on He didn't notice any heavy city of one on the y-cos maybe someone heavy stuff Was going up his nose So we have a president who thinks forward territories the opponents dug out and catchers a sweater What is most uncomfortable is that there's not a shred of a shred of evidence to justify the certain loss of life Do the generalized threats and have to so this administration give any one of us in Congress the confidence to tell him other or father or family that the loss of their child or loved one was a name of a just cause Is the president's need for revenge for the threat once posed with father enough to justify the death of any American? I submit the answer these questions is no Aside from the wisdom of going to war's bush once I'm troubled by who pays for his capricious adventuring of world domination The administration admits to a cost of around $200 billion Now while the individuals won't pay they've got big tax cuts already Corporations won't pay they'll cook the books and move overseas and then send their contributions to Republicans Rich kids won't pay their daddies will get them the firmences big George did for W Who then will pay? School kids will pay there'll be no money to keep them from being left behind way behind seniors will pay they'll pay big time as the Republicans Private I social security and rob the trust fund to pay for the capricious war Medicare will be curtailed and drugs will be more unaffordable and there won't be any money for a drug benefit because Bush will spend it all on the war Working folks will pay through laws of job security and bargaining rights are grandchildren will pay through the Declaration of our Aaron water quality and the International pay is Bush continues to destroy civil rights women's rights And religious freedom in a rush to phony patriotism and quoting the messianic Pharisees of the religious right The questions before the members of the South and the water Americans are immense but there are clear answers America's not can Currently confronted by a genuine proven imminent threat from Iraq their call for war is wrong And what greatly saddens me at this point in our history is my fear that this entire spectacle has not been planned for the well being of the world But for the short-term political interest of our president now. I'm also greatly disturbed that many democratically There's also put political calculation ahead of the president's accountability to truth and reason by supporting this resolution But I conclude that the only answer is to vote no on the resolution before us said of democratic representative Pete Stark on Wednesday I've gone or Pete you go Right on sweetheart Oh, yeah, but it's so boring here. Oh, yeah No, it's better here in Lardass and all those other right-wing those goose stepping Nazis on the air much better here in him sucking up and making crap up as they go along God forbid that anybody should deal with the truth because just like Jack Nicholson said something about the truth Something about the Tom Cruise and Matt Damon Ben Affleck and this Ben Affleck Jalo thing is there anybody who believes that what what did I tell you about her? Whatever. Yeah, you did and what I tell you about him and Matt Damon. Was I I never believe that? I sure would like to watch It's Where is the cop so disorganized here man? This this place sucks. You don't really does this is bad and they're saying that to show the tone is better for Miami You should live so long folks you better you better learn your tons mister because you sure is held on Any other right 10 past noon at 5.60. We've got to kill me all have different lifestyles. Therefore Need different products to make us feel better and be healthier Audio made Mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with good stuff Vitamins are in your minerals or both another nutrients scientific designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs Look for oleomids three new formulas which are sleep weight management and co-enzyme Q10 I'll using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil Oleomids an outstanding new product. It's good for you. It's available at publics and I kids in Walgreens If you'd like more information call them tool free one eight six six Oleomid that's one eight six six six five three sixty six thirty three you can also order oleomid products online at oleomidamerica.com And if you visit nearest publics and purchase an oleomid product in Broward and Dave Counties You can receive a coupon for a free Larry Coco Bobblehead doll Well supplies last don't forget to visit their sampling provision at sports time every Sunday with the offensive playing a home game Pick up free oleomid samples and product information start feeling healthy again like isn't right now get some oleomid and start feeling great today This is Bang in the butt honey Haven't changed even all the stuff that we've got it from because they say to hear the prison It's crazy Looking back Given things to pop was it a good decision Seven turn to nine he said David sing lies. Oh, what's fine Causehhh bauen Drive We can buy a Daly. Because the torch was its flame, peeps and that is going to gain for a Daly. They're on there, and of course that way we want to make a Bion. It's a 2015 at 5x16WQ. Folka Brian's here with a lovely hairpiece, by the way. That thing is just incredible. It's a piece of hair, all right. It's a piece of something. Yeah, in fact, you know something that's kind of the color of a piece of something. Brindle. 359 votes on the survey. So far about the tone of the world famous Neil Rogers shows we try to get this tone straight now, okay? Well, I know a tone they'd like. Yeah. How's that tone? What? Well, that's a sandy paint tone. It may snow different's worries, do you want to see it? The whole, I don't think the question was phrase properly. Do you think? Sure. It makes no difference where he is 156. The tone says we want the colors back. 147 still 41%. I think about 100 of those are crank. Best from Miami 30, Best from Toronto, 20, and Best from Amsterdam for I guess I'm able to do more shows from Amsterdam. They would have more votes, right? No question. Although I couldn't have been very good because I was breathing that off of there and choking and gagging at least on two of those shows. In between having a flu and being sick all of the time. What is that? Is that a p-cell? Is that a p-cell? Is that a p-cell? How could you know that? Who, what other asshole would be doing something like that? What other moron would be doing that? Instead of outselling the show, since we have so many of the veils on his show? What other schmuck would be, have a stick? Get him out of here. He's slam the door on his hand, okay? Broke his stanza, uh, door on his thing. Schmuck. You see, you know, what the problem is? I gave him a little bit of encouragement because the joke about the, about the scuck in screw-ands crops. That was kind of amusing, you know? That isn't quite the way he told him, but I, you know. I still think it. It's old. It is old, but it's kind of cute. What about the smell? He won't mind. Yeah, what's wrong with that? Okay, this is not even slightly amusing this thing. And it's the skipping the clown. What is this supposed to mean? Skip me the clown. I know we got skipping the cell. Is that what it's supposed to mean? I, I guess, what's the sign on his hand there? Please help me. I see. And it looks to me like he's been getting plenty of asses and probably from that little, uh, idiot Todd Dreck. In fact, Todd's probably had a little worth Steve Ham's house in Davy. Maybe, uh, this weekend you can take Book of Brian over to Steve's house in Davy. Pete, what do you want to do? Well, Pete, the pediote. In fact, you should when he opened the door, there's, there's a, there's a, there's a give us an important stuff like Steve Ham's phone number. Now, how about this new hamster dices will play? I already had this story. I, you folks got listen a little more closely. Okay, you're wasting our fast paper with stories. I already had, I appreciate it very, very much, not, but cut the crap. And here's a fast for George. See, I see the kind of stuff that goes on when I'm out here now because I think you're the Monat Peel and these factions off the machine. George ain't in here, okay. He's back in his little room there. His room closet with Volker Brian and his wig. Which is starting to move around a little bit. Now is that the same old one that you just gave a haircut to? Yes. Oh, I thought the old one was like more blondish. No, no, that's it. Maybe kind of like give it a little dunk in a septic tank to change the color a little bit. That's it. Oh, that's it. That is you, man. That is you. Pick up your head a second. Oh, is that? Ha ha ha ha. It's Ted Couple. It is sensational. Ted Couple and how do you do it? I'll wrap into one ball of schmutz. Anyway, this is from DJ Valentine. Oh, good guy. Says this website. I get a majority of my info superhero hype.com. What is this baby crap all about? Oh, it's about the the poll that we did. Oh. So there's a facts for it. It'll be in a waste mask if you want. I'll take it out. There's one for default in there too. Well, here's a bad story. This is depressing. All over the guy was pretty old, you know? A real estate lawyer with oral and bladder cancer died less than three months after winning a 37 and a half million dollar jury award against three major cigarette makers who was 77. This is from Carl Gables, no less. John Lukacs, who had testified in June, he wouldn't lie, likely live long enough to see any of the award. That is home Monday. And here it is Friday and the AP just get around of this now. The award came in a compensatory damage claim that grew at a hundred and forty five billion dollar punitive, or to cover all six low to smoke or two years ago. These multi billion dollar claims against the tobacco companies. This is ludicrous. And I'll say it again. If only, and this shows you the kind of loony to unscutary we live in. Every day, that article yesterday in Irwin's day, and you were say today about fat. And then we headed again on the show yesterday. More and more people were getting fat about a second. You got almost see us like expanding right before your eyes. If they would only force the food manufacturers to put on a goddamn labels, the dangers in the skull and crossbones on air, and the sugar and all the hidden carbs and all the other crap that refined carbohydrates garbage that's making everybody balloon up to like gigantic size, then there might be some credibility there, but they don't give a crap. In addition to which last time I checked cigarettes aren't illegal. They're not illegal. So how can you sue somebody for a product that's been approved for commercial sale? And then say, well, your kill doesn't give us enough information. If you're that stupid that you can't read the warning on it, it says, if you smoke this faggot, you're going to die. If that isn't enough for you, then what can I tell you? I have no sympathy for those people. It's like people that eat like tubs and tubs of nestle's turtle ice cream, you know? Taste good. Taste the leopard and then dance stinky faggot's to people smoking all I will say this to God. Considering how old this is, you know? That's been there. I'm in there for a minute because we haven't had any new cigars on. We don't have any cigar sponsors on issue anymore and I won't take any. Not that we're going to get any, but I'm just, I wouldn't take any. Because smoking anything is bad for you, other than that we're could weed. Now we will have Steve M. doing some spot starting next week or think I think Todd traded it out. And you know what they say about Todd, stupid. Five, six, seven. Let's take some more calls this hour. Okay, we had a couple of calls in it. I really got this show going. Although before we do that, I got a free. How did I save this to this far down? Radio city to get a major tune up. Are you familiar with this? No. Well, this is you better listen very carefully. And you have some put in your new contract about this. Which you're not going to get. I mean, you'll get something. Maybe. Federal regulators give the go ahead yesterday for digital radio. Oh, I did hear about that. Sorry. Approving applied to modernized the meeting with better sound and new features for personalized programming. The FCC voted for the zip. Oh, to adopt digital radio technology created by I. Bickwoody digital corporation. Is that how they pronounce it? Cause it's got like a little eye, you know, like Ivo Tronica. I Bickwoody digital corporate company backed by large broadcasts including ABC and Viacom. Great robbers. CBS News.com is part of Iacom and this is of course on their website. The commissioners in Tuesday and by the way, I mentioned that SKF sucks. All you people out there and that's gay blows internet explorer is the way to go. Right? Right on. What's gay? What's gay? What's gay? What's gay? What sucks? It says we don't get many items where it's a win-win for everyone. There's no downside. Commissioner Kathleen Abernathy be saying radio has changed little for decades. Oh, that's what you think radio has changed little for decades. Thanks to this very same FCC. It's become a sewer like a septic tank. FCC chairman Michael Paul said he's heartened that such a dramatically forward and technologies in store. Before I continue with this, which is very important for people since they're listening to the radio right now. I'm assuming or listening on the internet, but same difference. So what did the beast tell you while he was in their eating is lunch? About what? No, come on. Don't not all play. He must have told you something something juicy stuff. I like it. Like you wish would say some juicy details in quotes. I'm just kidding. He didn't say anything about that issue. No? Well, you're not a very good detective then, man. We were eaten. He was eaten. That's why you'll never be real fat saying. Never be a fat person. Because fat people just like me, I can do the show I can eat. I can tell gossip by all the problems at the same time and keep, Oh, drive the car. Take a dump. I mean anything. You name it. No, I've never had done that. But I'm sure that I know fat people out of one room and say anything. You can just see them and you would have bucket of chicken, you know? Not between their knees. Well, the TV tray. No, no, just the bucket between their knees. You have to kind of like spread your legs anyway when you're taking a good job. I can sleep them in there and the Colonel is smiling back at him. He's holding his nose though. He's got a, he's got a clothespin on his nose. The old Colonel. And he said, oh, it's finger looking good. Oh, man. You can't, you can't envision fat boy in there with a couple of big max. I can see it right now. Turkey leg. Turkey leg would be good. I can envision it right now. Anyway, I'm thrilled and excited to see radio wagon train to find a get to the other side. Michael Paul said, of course, the son of what's his name there. Colin Adam Clayton. My resume. The approval allows radio stations to immediately begin broadcasting digital signals. That would will probably take a few months for the first stations to start. And you can believe that across money, we're not going to be one of them. Digital radio could be the biggest update to the medium since the debut of FM and the 40 said Ken Mueller radio curator at the Museum of TV and radio in New York. Mula said that like FM, which didn't become popular in the 70s, it's going to take quite some time to phase in. And it's going to take a long time here because the beeslees will have to raise the money. We're not talking, and I'll have to sell a vanjoice first. We're not talking 30 years here. He said, we have to wait till people start getting receivers to pick this up. And you're actually just playing a cell digital receivers for car stereo and high end audio systems. Starting next year, adding about a hundred bucks to the press of a traditional unit. It's some fair house soon digital technology will be included in portable radios. The ubiquity technology laws broadcast just use their existing airways sending digital analog radio simultaneously. Since stations won't need a new place in the radio band and there's no cut-off date for analog service. Listeners without digital radios won't have their favorite stations go silent. If you had a black and white TV and your local stations that are broadcasting in color, your black and white TV still worked. So the president of a ubiquity, Robert Struble. But if you wanted their high quality new picture, you got to go buy a color and TV at the same with digital radio. And basically what it says is new technology will bring CD quality sound FM broadcast in an endostatic for AM and new data features. How do you like that? Like it'll have the age when you're listening in the morning show and have like a 73 on a screen that will be a draw. Of course, I don't know if this stuff's going to be available if most will be here by that time. A couple of months. Oh, now, I've done coming here right to book. I like that. The 21st was I right and I have the right to nail it. Monday to 21st which today I'll see. It's a week from Monday will be the summer book. Oh, hallelujah. That I'm going to make a big project of that boy. Think or swim. In fact, that's probably what Greg is dragging a street on your contract about. He wants to see what kind of a number you had. You know what I'm saying? See, better hope that I bailed your ass out in September. I hope we had a big September debate your little agwava eating a spiky nass. Because otherwise we got real tourists. And of course that morning show if that thing continues to attack the tank. I think somebody might say to Moe, hey, tanks, but no tanks. See you. See it'll end them our way's house. If he says that again this weekend, I'm going to, I mean, I may take a couple of weeks off as a matter of protest. See all those guinea grinders out there. There all been out of shape about that silly thing with a soprano's march and that parade. They ought to be upset that here's a guy supposed to know something about football. And he's calling him, Olando, Marre. You better learn your Italian, Mr. because you sure don't. Right. Olando, Marre, my ass. And by the way, a handset he knows Olando's sister or something like that. And then it's Marre. Everybody knows that. Focca, Brian's going to be doing full arre. We're going to have that song in here in a couple of days. You got it? He's working on it. Full arre. With the Dominican, my duneo. Wood, I'm sorry, Dominican, my duneo. 1227 at 5.60 WQM is there anybody in the world who's going to be in the world. Who isn't plunging their guts at VIPsportsbook.com. How about Gary Sarner? He's an asshole. Let me tell you, you're missing out on a really fine sportsbook. If that's the case, they're really fine. You're a lot of ads these days, but you need to do some research before you put your heart or encaged down. It's some unstable third world sportsbook. Say like in highly a garden, some awful place like that. Let me help you out. VIPsportsbook.com is the only book to be unanimously endorsed by the industry watch dogs. They're Dutch based on one of the first online sportsbooks ever come down the pike. And of course, if that day comes when you go on a roll of a lifetime, at that time you want to be with the best sportsbook going which, of course, unquestionably is VIPsportsbook.com. And with the football season going big and now hockey starting again, you want to pledge at VIPsportsbook.com. Open your account online and get yourself that 15% cash sign up bonus. And don't forget VIPsportsbook.com offers you the highest parlay odds. You'll find anywhere up to 2001. So get over to VIPsportsbook.com and pledge it a book with class that you can trust. Call tool free to sign up 1866 VIP bets. That's one eight six six VIP bets or sign up online and get you that 15% cash bonus. Just go to VIPsportsbook.com online and click it on VIPsportsbook.com or you be the VIP. The butt I smell it. The butt I smell it. The butt I smell it. The butt I smell it. The butt I smell it. The butt I smell it. The butt I smell it. The butt I smell it. The butt I smell it. The butt I smell it. The butt I smell spicy. The butt I smell it, she's drunk. She's drunk. All right. It's got 16 stars. It's number one with 14 bullets already. 23.5. 60. Oh, what else is on here that we've been looking for and mold would be proud of this. You're working, Brian. Why do you train? I'm not used to that. I thought it was up a monkey. Oh, so when would the monkey? Yeah. I like the monkey one better. I'll maybe we'll take a pool on that with some of you like that. What do you want? What do you want? What do you want? What do you want? What do you want? I want to see. It's Meldaca's scum. That's what I said. 27 to 1 at 5 60 WKM. 385 votes on that pool today. Maybe they say the tone. They like the tone right now. We like the way that tone sounds right. Right about there. Wow. You hear that? I think it was piercing. Crack it up a couple of notches. Okay. Now, see. I said we were taking some more calls. And there are any calls. Did I just say that a minute ago? I said, let's take some more calls this hour. We got 40% even even 40% want calls. The tone sucks. We want to call us back. Where are they? Can't take no calls if you don't have any. 5 670 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon. How about those Panthers? Oh, yeah. Let's do that guy favor. Do some Panther talk. It will be knocking the El Presidente so much. By the way, when cigarettes become harder to buy, more miners steal them. I just thought I mentioned that. What a shock. Yeah. That's surprising. How about your QAM? How you doing? Okay. Great. Hey. Please stop all the reading. Oh, my God. I've been listening for 20 years. Sometimes it gets a little plunder. A little bit. Oh, how about, you know, a day old news and you're reading it. I mean, I'm not slamming yet. I love you. Yeah. And I'm still here. But you got to mix it up a little bit. A little bit. Well, that's what I'm doing today. I'm mixing it up. Okay. Just get a head call. As a mean, we're all stuck out here. You know, we still listen. I still love your show. I don't agree with your politics all the time. I put up with all the less thing. Leaning and the best thing of the right. Well, wait, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Yeah. You put up with the left wing. I don't understand what that means. In other words, I mean, I mean, I know the show's there for the call now, but to think. Yeah. Well, that's because there's a lot of heavy duty crap going on. Yeah. So it, yeah. And your eyes. But you know, the listeners. And now, well, well, well, well, well, well, so in other words, the fact that we're about to attack Iraq, and the fact that we have all this economic turmoil going on, and people losing their life savings. In other words, it's only in my eyes that there's heavy duty crap going on on it. Maybe I've been in it. Neil, 13 years ago, you were behind the Gulf War. And I just to listen to you. That was behind the Gulf War because they invaded another country. They invaded Kuwait. What the hell's that got to? And then everyone in other with so, so the fact that we were against them and they've been in another country. Now we should support this country and they've been waiting them. Is that the idea? So in my eyes, they invaded us from September 11th. And I went, wait a minute, what evidence have you got that's that Iraq had anything to show you in any of it. Okay, you're just another one of them bush quiz links. And you're another good one. I'm glad I took those two calls. What a job they've done. Yeah. No, it's not a quick note. You don't understand. They didn't have to do any job. In other words, lead us to the water and we'll suck it up. Even if we know there's arsenic in it, because we want to believe whatever you tell us. There is absolutely no evidence. 15 of the 19 goddamn hijackers on 911 came from Saudi Arabia. Our good allies are good close personal bodies. What have been a batch moth is under hits. Man, oh man, there wasn't one single Iraqi involved in that attack. There was no Iraqi attack. The dumb isn't that kind of Muslim. In fact, if you're really, it's a little bit too complex for you, sir. Just take a look in the pictures. Okay, picture should be easy for you to figure out. Look at the picture of Sada with a little mustache. There's no beard. There's not not that kind of head year. Okay. That's already have to see. No beard. No wash moth ahead year. And then you know he's not one of them. He don't want anything to do with them. They want to kill him. They would love to kill him. And they would also love for us to win their in-start this history to get all their fanatical Muslims all over the world. We've definitely were friends. This is the, this will be the culmination of just exactly what Osama Yama Hope to start with 911. That's exactly what he wanted. And assholes like you are saying, oh yeah, well this is revenge for it. See, this is what they're playing on. This is what they, they fascist stuff. There are playing on his your emotion. And that's why this last September 11th, the one you read a verse of Rebois, they played it up to the health. Played it to the health. And here's Carl Roves says, where you don't try to sell a new product in August. What a great line that was. What a, what a rare moment of honest. Honestly, yeah. It's looked right out. Don't try to sell a new product. So in other words, it's a come 911 though. It's September when, you know, the dog needs a summer over. And everybody's back to Venice. That's when you start pushing heavy duty and brainwashing the masses up there because the masses most of them are just like this guy. See, the people that don't want me to read this stuff are the people that he puts up with my left wing linings. I love that. I'm not anymore left wing now than it was 10 years ago, 20 years ago, whatever you're talking about. It's just that I don't, I don't feel that I'm doing any kind of anything productive sitting here. Talk it about your bosos every day. Oh, Joey's a douchebag. There's nothing interesting about that. It's not productive. It's not interesting. It's not amusing. It's not a radio show, okay? Now, guarantee every day I want to clock in Toronto when the end of that show came when I was up there. I felt like I just accomplished something worthwhile. And yeah, it's ponderous reading. I understand it. But I'm, I'm sorry. I'm not that kind of, first of all, there aren't that many hours in the day. I don't have this vast staff. I wonder my friend Lin Seymour's, I don't know what kind of people she's got working, but they got to be the best because her website is sensational. It's all her, Brian says. Is it really? She's phenomenal. She must not sleep. She must spend every waking moment looking for the most incredible. So isn't she puts the links to them right there? I probably get more stuff out for her website than anything else. Stuff that people need to know. But I'm just, I don't have the time in the day to do the research to be able to pour through all of this stuff and then to be able to articulate and go into a rambling commentary on each story. This is why I'm reading my additional, which most of the people whose columns I'm reading, like Nick Christoff and all these other people are in Molly Ivins, are held a lot more articulate and bring it than I'll ever be. Where are they going to hear that on the broadcast media? They're not. And they're not going to read any of this business about day old news. Where the hell are we getting day old news? What's day old? What is this man talking about? He's just making crap up like that. Because he doesn't want to hear it. Okay, I'm telling you right now, sir. In fact, it's the noon to one hour. This is the hour when all good right wingers like you are supposed to be listening to that deaf fat ass over there on nine, or whatever he's on six ten. Or that real lunatic that suffocating, realizing, puts, who hasn't got anything, even you spell his name right? Because he just upmaster of misinformation and egotistical pop is little ass, Bill or Riley, but there you got all the right wingers you could want. They're all over the place. This supposedly liberal media that we got, all that anybody has got to do is say anything and disagree with his fascist regime we got in power now, who stole a fricking election right here in your backyard by the way. That wasn't good enough to convince you. God forbid anybody should end and like that one guy said, oh, I couldn't relate to the people of order for Gore. Well, good. I'll see you in church. Okay. I'll see you in Armageddon time. And believe me, I'm not buying your crap. Okay. It'll probably won't be Jesus either. Be cats, Stevens rest up as Jesus. You're not full of me. Oh, I had one on that. He's in the buying whatever new piece of crap is popular at the moment. Jesus? Cats, Stevens. And Jesus. He's even pigna knows Chinese. He said the dog is in the kettle. That's his new song coming up. Twenty-two-one. And or is it the skunkers in the Kalezitskuran sauce? Ha ha ha. Oh, man. That was PD line. He said that screw. I'm not me. I'm not the one said. PD line. He said that. He said something really stinks. Something, what's that line in the song? Something, right here, something, something in the screw answer. Mobile play it. We'll find out. Spinoys speaking of the Chinese folks are good personal friends. How about the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet? There are no dogs and a menu there. I'll tell ya. Richard wouldn't put up with that. There's maybe some dogs in their eating. In fact, some of those big porters who always show up at all of the face. There's there. And the reason that there is because they know the food is sensational. At the Emerald Coast, whether you're skinny, whether you're already a big tub of crap, or whether you're just in between. All you have to do the eat the Emerald Coast is be hungry for some delicious food. They got a real feast waiting for you. They got three locations sunrise, North Miami Beach, and the newest location in prestigious Pembroke Pines. Start your meal with a choice of six different soups. Then sample dozens and dozens of succulent entrays, or eat a little surfing turf on the weekend with less in King Crab. And New York strip made an order. And then of course be sure and check out that gourmet set. A resizzling Asian grill featuring Terriaki steak, shrimp chicken, seafood and handcar, Pramrib, it is unbelievable. The Emerald Coast buffet promotes healthy living too because they cook all of their fine cuisine with cholesterol free oils. And there's no crap there. There's no MSG. There's no, I just told you the joke about what? Oh, about the scunk. And there were faith features a full salad bar, new sushi bar and fresh shrimp cocktail too. One requirement try to save some room for desserts or take a longer crowbar to open up your pants because the dessert bar is amazing. Featuring pies and cakes, pastry up pastries. I scream about your favorite toppings and fresh fruit. It's a perfect end to an unforgettable meal. Three locations like I said, you're finding an emacost in sunrise, Pine Island of 44, Collins Avenue, just north of 163 North Miami Beach, and at the intersection of the Mangalon Pembroke Roads in Pembroke Pines. They accept reservations, take out an delivery available as well, call 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. We even have the number right now. Nice going, air-skippy. 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22 for more info on the amazing Emerald Coast and look for the new Oriental Chicken Salad 2. We've got a lot of fun, and we've got a lot of fun, and we've got a lot of fun, and we've got a lot of fun, and we've got a lot of fun, and we've got a lot of fun, and we've got a lot of fun, and we've got a lot of fun, and we've got a lot of fun, and we've got a lot of fun, and we've got a lot of fun, and we've got a lot of fun, and we've got a lot of fun, and we've got a lot of fun, and we've got a lot of fun, and we've got a lot of fun, and we've got a lot of fun, and we've got a lot of fun, and we've got a lot of fun, and we've got a lot of fun, and we've got a lot of fun, and we've got a lot of fun, and we've got a lot of fun, and we've got a lot of fun, and we've got a lot of fun, and we have this huge barbell with this ravine that has just drawn me in There's no care if it's wrong. You call me, you lie. You just beat my side. It's kind of a bitch we die. You know how to do it now. You know the thing with those bitches out of the door. 14 till 1 at 5. 60. I was wondering what that white scrub was down her right leg, you know? Screw in. Here's the fact this is. Don't listen to that guy. You're sure rocks will know colors. All the articles are really interesting and informative. It's nice to hear articles from other newspapers and such. Thanks and keep it up. Love. I like that. Amen. Why are somebody out there as a happy campus? I don't take any of this very seriously because anything that is good. It's terrible like in the first place, you know? And if it sucks, it's just like Pavel Burri and the panthers. Oh, we didn't need him. I had a bad attitude. I'm out of your right. Right. And then we got people writing crap in the newspapers. Here, we know a hockey puck if you stuck a dozen of them up there. And it's like Dave Heiden, Dave Joseph. What the hell are you guys kid man? I read better stuff in Anna. The toilet paper from Germany. I was reading about the other day. Remember that? I read better stuff on there and had better brought worst. Who are you guys kid man? Strickly the bushes. That's the amazing thing boy. You go and you live somewhere else for a few months. And you come back here and you realize bush league is, it's to use that term in regard to this town is like an insult to all bush league places. Just incredible. Religious big brother contestants will sacrifice goat and fast for a week. Housemates in a religious version of Big Brother in Holland will set aside tassets and sacrificing a goat and fasting for a week. The program provisionally titled the ambie will bring 12 people of different religions together in an old ambie for 13 weeks. And by the way, before I go out with this story, that guy and the other one before also. The reason he's not listening to lard ass and not listening to Bill O'Reilly and not listening to G Gordon Litty is because of the fact he couldn't turn his show off of your pay to him. He's obsessed with his program. And if you think they give me a bit of a suck an up to me, well, I've listened to you for years and everything like you're butt butt butt butt. Too bad. I'm not saying what you want me to say, I'm saying they pay me to say what I want to say. What I think. That's what you think. That's another reason why the callers suck, okay? Produces told Demorgan the program is intended to highlight the need for more, uh, de-morsion. I'm sorry, for more dialogue between different religions. And they hope it'll also encourage people to be more spiritual and see could be permitting to their lives. Touch station NCRV hopes it'll be screen next year. There'll be a weekly program showing highlights from the Abby plus brief daily updates. Estosimence said the participants will not be filmed for 24 hours a day. They'll get some privacy for the latter performance on task as the ritual killing of a goat and fasting for a week for a week. Woo! Woo! Man. Of course, you know, in Holland that's easy because the food's so bad anyway. Also, I've heard. Oh, I've heard. Oh, and by the way, I'm coming back on air candid to be a bit of an evidently in the magazine. They got, you know, early year, I'm to have their crappy magazines. They're doing a series of comparisons between each issue to cities, to major cities around the world. And this one was Montreal against Amsterdam. And so far, all the cities they've rated, France, Paris was number one, which, oh, and then Amsterdam was just behind New York was way behind that. And then Montreal was way, way behind. But the one thing I wasn't aware of is the fact, are you aware that the French fries are double deep fried. Where? In Holland. Hmm. The ones that they all rave about? They're, oh, that's the biggest thing going over there. That's because the rest of the food sucks so bad. But they're double deep fried. What you can say is, did I tell you about the thing that Rimmer got that day or fries on the damwack? It was enough to feed the Chinese army. And I think he finished it. No man. And you can pull whatever you like. I've got a whole bunch of different to toppings that you can put on to the guy like the brown sauce and the mayonnaise and the different stuff. Curry. King Curry. Saw King Curry before, by the way, he's glad to have me back. I guess because he liked the cigar smoke. And that's right. I'll tell you what. I'm bigger perne. A couple people mentioned the same one. Said what a wonderful aroma they walked past the door. Well, here's another one for you. It's good thing they didn't come in here right now because, well, you know, I had, I had a little bit of a, that homeless this morning was very good from balance for life that mushroom on live. But, you know, those eggfarts man. He, he thought I was joking. I told him before and he was in here. You're better get out of here quickly because I just far real bad. And since you left believe me, there've been more on the way. Just deposit it right in the seat of my head. Flip this wig from that. Using as a face mask. You know, something that's right. If we ever have a chemical or biological attack, the book of Brian will be safe if he's walking around with that piece of doubles of face mask. Nothing. Nothing gets you that baby. I'll tell you that. Woo. 400 five votes on our pool. The tone of Neil Show is it makes no difference to me where he'd be doing a show. 173 said that 43%. The tone sucks. We want the colors back. 162. 40%. Uh, it's best for Miami 40. Best for Toronto 22. Invest from Amish that on six with those double, deep pride, uh, fries. You know my name, though. This is one of the three new places you have. You weigh in. Why the you best in? Oh, that has really pleased go away. Find it the way to attack the big, oh, oh, oh. And eat your whole holes. Until you explode. Because like your fat fat choded ladies, have to fight you seeds on a plane. Spilling your fingers that have yellow stain from the two. Into your toes. After your piggy poo knows, you have to be fat disgusting and tasty. Oh, oh, oh. You make the show to make it smile. They like a cow who's spattered, sassy. Think smelly, bad, so repulsive and bad. Your body cheese smells like a rattle. Appear it with your cute pie pie head. Has learned it, she will more to get into your car. You've got your two got in. Why? I can squeal. I can squeal. I can squeal fat lady. Even with your numberless mean. Slyver in and start to metry between her meat. That's material yeast. It's most fishy to me. That's the food you're in and that's my skin tasty. Now, what did you just tell me? I wasn't following that at all. I was trying to go fast because the bit was ending. Who was doing this? Howard? Mo? Yeah. Chris and he said shut the F up during a dolphin banquet or something like that. Whatever was the playboy party. Well, that's very unprofessional of you. Almost as unprofessional as that little fat turret at ball or crap. The beast. Don't ever let him on a girl that go whatever your name is. What was it, Felcher? Something like that. Here's an article, kind of cute. If we have time, I hope Frank Serbino and the Palm Beach post I can barely understand. New to the laws he says. I'm a student of new to the laws, which never failed to be entertaining and vocabulary building. We've been lucky here in Palm Beach County, between some gems. The town of Palm Beach fought in vain for 70 years to keep an ordinance that pivoted men. From jogging topless and illegal case of were topless Dona Chopin West Palm Beach. Remember that? Live disconoing groundbreaking discussions of the Dona does entertainment. New to the laws are wonderfully verbose. You might even say discerningly, turgid with words. Palm Beach County's ordinance defines the limits of breast exposure and a sentence that carries on for a Disneying 79 words. But I got ahead of today's Tona Beach, which is just past a city new to the ordinance. It says, fractional standards. Daytona's law will require women to cover at least one quarter of their breast and everyone to cover at least one third of their rear ends while in public. Daytona, a frequent destination for bikers, college kids and other hellraisers, will begin finding public flashes as much as 500 bucks to log us into a fact next week, just in time for the rowdy, bite tober fest. This will obviously put a damper on the annual bike tradition of dude wrestling in Nevada Coleslaw. When nude Coleslaw wrestling is out loud, only outlaws will wrestle nude and Coleslaw. Daytona knew journal calmness Mark Lane told me, lamenting the turn of events in his city. But I was more intrigued by the fractional definitions of nudity. You see the only certain thing about nudity laws is the creative ways people find a circumvent and per example, when someone will count a past an anti-nudity club three years ago, local strip club got about it by performing Shakespeare's Macbeth in the nude, thereby using a first amendment exemption for nudity that occurs about performing a work of art. So I began wondering how these nude fractions in Daytona might play out. Let's say you cover half a one breast, a quarter more than required. Does this mean you get to eat the other one beer? In other words, will nudity be transferable like unused cell phone minutes can be other some calling plans. I got a copy of the ordinance which was specifically the point of being undescivable. Botox means the area at the rear of the body which lies between two imaginary lines running parallel to the ground when a person is standing. We're just getting started. The first or top such line drawn at the top of the cleavage of the nates and the second or bottom line drawn at the lowest visible point of this cleavage or lowest point of the curvature of the fleshy protuberance, whichever is lower in between two imaginary lines on each side of the body which lines are perpendicular to the ground and to the horizontal lines described above in which perpendicular lines are drawn through the point at which each nates meet the other side of the leg. That's the end literally. Now as long as you can figure that out how to cover a third of that you'll be fine in Daytona here. In the days upon beach post. Mad dogs coming along. Next fully closed thank goodness. And then we got Hank and any cave. Thank god covered up, uh, amply and called to the Safnoon 3 of luck. And then we got all that football crap coming up. Bye bye. Hey, it just felt like a prick.