when you want to design they say it's just uh... bizarre there was nine hundred ninety votes on the poor for yesterday i said when we get to a thousand and i'll give it a result i would thought that during the break there that there would have been even a cranks follow what i'm saying even the people that we ordinarily don't want voting seventy five hundred times uh... now they won't do it but you don't want to do it the uh... now that you've mentioned it yes i'm sure there will be right on there well what do you got i got ninety three last time i checked on other way through me during the interim ninety four one more we got six to go before i give it a result anyway while we're waiting for that waiting for the audience to finally crawl on our hands and he's over there peels before we got a review of my ipad with the phone thing and uh... maybe it should work oh show we try to get yes well line is ringing maybe he can answer well you're carless will have to punch it up by line of fiber whatever put it on hold it will be maybe it'll be him or look at that he put it on hold that's a beautiful thing talking to them and we don't hear it on the air that means uh... i think it's working but how come i got it like i got the on hold the on the other than it's a beautiful thing i can actually punch it up and see if there's somebody on there is that wrote a star okay let's not get carried away hello hello oh uh they don't know you're talking to them if you want to know why what it means talking to you why is he talking to you good question what are you talking about these talking to you how can you be talking to you i got a sense of it he doesn't know that you're talking to the call the caller doesn't know they're on hello they're an asshole neolfe caller you think it's an ass over i think it's us again okay try to put it through try another one crawlers come on i realized we're really putting it through a lot of uh lot of work here this morning you punched it up in carless got it in the head set instead of on the air so we're still screwed up he got one of the head set the caller when you punched up the caller instead of the caller going on the air it wouldn't have had set and the carless little head piece well how long are you doing i punched up line three you should be on your hello hello yes sir i told you see no problem hi we all i want you to take calls back i don't want here bedtime stories every day from the newspaper you kill it me yeah how can you how can you say for a second sir when you come down when you come down a little bit absolutely just come down a little bit take a deep breath okay now you're still listening we've been doing bedtime stories for six months on a show and you're still there sir did he disappear oh he just ran away are you ran away he ran away he couldn't explain to me while he still isn't that must have been timesk is boyfriend calling you know it he does want to your bedtime stories he wants their entertaining callers let me give you i'm gonna sum up the callers in two words and he's right there one of them suck holes in sickies it's SNS remember Hitler had the SS same thing with callers on talk shows 95% of the callers are suck holes in sickies oh gee how are you so great of those games and some of the and more about such a piece of crap people i want to suck up to the host which is a very large percentage or a guy like this that just wants to take a cheap shot i mean you know i i can go back and do that again i can take all the stuff i got over here got 6,000 different bedtime stories he calls him a lot of what i think is pretty important stuff i don't need to pick with that i can go back to doing this again it's it's easy i can actually get some sleep in my life instead of bayos sitting in here to eleven thirty night like uh... printing out crap does that with the audience wants well let's see do we have our thought we got a thousand six i think we got a little bit carried away should neal star taking calls on a show again yes please twenty eight six twenty eight point four percent now you can just imagine of that twenty eight point four percent how many of them are people like uh... this last guy what what is it that they hear from the callers that so guy damn entertaining can they tell me and maybe we'll find out from some people today what is it that they hear from oh it's the way you would arrive with a call it interact with what what is there to interact with this last guy or even a conversation i asked him how come he's still listening if you don't want here bedtime stories after six months of my changing the format and he runs away like a typical coward rhymes with howard you know what i mean do do do do do do do do do do do yes please do eighty six calls yes but only a few two seventy two i think we've already done a few have a mic uh... two well that's a couple three would be a few it makes no difference to me a hundred and seventy two there is the seventeen percent i guess that it was running about fourteen we notice how strong that came on right seventeen percent of this audience will listen no matter what the hell we do we can even put your job and i think that's what he kept about seventeen percent of the audience summer or close to it pretty weak six anyway why sixteen percent moving right along and i see now there's a whole bunch of them coming in and i did just calm down no more votes okay calm down ease off it makes no difference to me seventeen point one percent like i said to keep in coming in uh... maybe one one day a week hundred thirty six thirteen and a half percent absolutely not pleased seventy five seven point four percent and if he does all blow my brains out sixty seven six points six percent now if i would have done the same pool four months ago the result would have been different because it would have been a lot more people saying oh yet that the people that want to hear the calls the idiots the cranks there would have been a lot more than listening because you got to understand a lot of those people are gone right which doesn't face me at least because i said at the time i'll rebuild an audience will just replace those with people with an IQ larger than their thumbnail as opposed to people who think but it calls is very entertaining every day with it wasn't entertaining sickies and suckles that ninety five percent of the call is which leaves five percent and again keep in mind at less than one percent is fraction of one percent of the audience of any talk show actually ever make a call keep that in mind very very few uh i'll never forget that right and especially a show that's on in the middle of the day like this one how many people have got time in the middle of the day to sit and make a call to a talk show and stay out of the thing say oh gee we don't want to hear any more bedtime stories new fix them call takes them calls to say what it's like when the people when i used to do that thing and people would call and say oh gee well don't talk about this and i say well what would you like to talk about did they ever have an answer did they ever once have an answer now that once not anything give me a suggestion what would you like to talk about what would you like to hear us talk about never once had a suggestion they've gone over talk about it and just wanted a bitch they just wanted a bitch in belly aching moan and grow and i guess that's for entertainment a lot of people i just got burned out on here in a bunch of assholes on the telephone now maybe like i said that's terrific entertainment they would get like double digits again we can have those ratings zooming up again let's panor the audience give them what they want what do you say no now here's can i get to this one this guy deserves a real big tribute even though i have no idea who the hell he is Kevin Bastard this is the kind of market that you people are living in okay Kevin Bastard finally writes a little thing about radio a guy that i never heard of Ron King no relation to Larry no the evening 7 p.m. to one of the impersonalty on soft contemporary music station wlwfm life will sign off the ear for the final time friday and in a 46 year video career well good for him and his co-workers are promising to set him off at one am with a good bi-worthy and nearly five decades of work it's been a great ride king says the sobriestly is something i love doing or i wouldn't have kept doing it i've such wonderful memories of all of people i've been privileged to meet or entertain that i feel as though i've got to extend family number in the thousands entertain you find that life is entertaining and now hear the carpenters on king 64 is planning a move out west following friday's departure that was not saying what will come after that he's a special person who helped make this a winning radio station says rob Sydney lives director programming and operations so his colleagues put their heads together came up with several surprises that will make his laughs shift last shift something special kind of like Elvis his life shift was something special but there was no definite we can host pet rivers and debbie delgato will split the evening duties it says did anybody ever hear rom king no Carlos never hear of him uh no George no Neil no Larry drew a now okay so he's uh been a very important person now the life and Kevin back through the sides to waste time and a prestige is here all writing a piece about that which is shocking and scandalous at the very that's okay better write about that than the trend we don't write about trends okay 926 and 560 wqa m with your busy lifestyle you need some help to get some energy especially when it's 100 wiz outside the humidity is 200 percent only a metal do it for you only medicine citing new product it contains pharmaceutical grade olive oil along with lots of other good stuff for your health for your uh they got vitamins minerals and erbles in there and they have a separate product for each part of your body is one for your heart will not want for that one for your heart one for your blood pressure one for your cholesterol and prostate all on a soft-held capsule so there's one for that and they also have supplements to grow health in your circulatory system your digestive your endocrine system your skin and your bones even your mind don't forget smallville that i all using the benefits of the best olive oil that money can buy an oil your men most see as soon as i mentioned prostate a small will come to mind and only a man-made products for men and ladies as well you can get it to whole food markets wall green cinanos and a barrel pharmacies if you'd like to get more information about what the hell it's all about just call the only a man people to answer all the questions you have at their toll free number one eight six six Oreo med that's one eight six six Oreo med you can order their products online if you like that's the easy way and Oreo Met America dot com lie in local we're sports radio five sixty two a you a yeah where are exploding bars five sixty w q a m presents the opian and thinning shelf how are you doing this is okay and i'm Anthony you're waiting to do it's me with a low voice oh yeah you got the affected boy okay yeah i hope you and let's not forget our old palmo how are they better yeah i was wondering how long would take for you to punks to go around for me i really hit the big time ah they're i am with the opian and they're all what take off your pants yeah we're gonna rape you now cut a big kidney this is a family show uh wrong this is the copy on Anthony show the commands triple you guys only did that in touch hey get your head out of it that's my doughnuts my delicate some tender what is everybody want to rape me like a sweet think it's funny that's why yeah you got a nice back i got those for you palty i'm still spray oh yeah you're a pumble I should hope oh i got a sandstone over you want the red ball and i'm for this all right my open white for chunky it's a good one now shall we okay open white for jumpy that's like an Anthony okay that's yeah it was your lips no it's not I should not take for ready for some spit he ball of you you're not to class of me now i really thought that's a bitch you got no I'm gonna kill me yeah yeah mother take it away my what you're just gonna leave me here it will be right back i'm 560 i feel so you're in the 3560 WQ and we feel so used after seen those numbers mael man how low can moko is our question oh no no no no I think that's the answer so we're now i'm trying to confuse because you say i took two calls well the first guy just that we made contact with right right and then the second guy was the guy was giving me a song and dance about he don't want to hear no bedtime stories and go about it taking calls and then when i asked him how come he's still there after six months of bedtime stories he ran away and of course the reason he ran away is because back into a corner and he could answer the question that doesn't require any uh brilliant sign of my part i mean here's another asshole that's calling and belly aching uh they don't like what he's listening to doesn't make any sense to me it makes no sense whatsoever six months later he's calling oh gee we'll go back to the cross well what are you still doing there and he can't answer the question and i'm already like a little up to just a tad depressed i never get depressed i unsure anymore other and i took uh two calls i'm already depressed now who leos in the other room yeah to see why uh this phone thing isn't working the way it up why we have another technical disaster on a qa man it's certainly not on this end for some reason we can't put people on screen hold you know the little checkmark that you know we're normally see yeah regular hold and for some reason when you punch up somebody that's on regular hold instead of going on the air it goes uh like back to Carlos back into the little headset there but you know but you can punch people up directly if the line is ringing and we don't know why any of this is working the way that it is it's yours howling on this end on sure because no seriously because if he is punching up lines and it's going on the air that's got nothing to do with up here that's on your end that's not doing that anymore it's doing something else now so it's doing something else but like i said on your end on our end down there Julio down there where they deer in the antelope play where Bob removed in mini bob continue having a great day have not got a clue what's going on go to her what the engine why don't want to sit because he's a good guy the engineer up here what he had to say about but anyway no he seriously he couldn't believe he said you know we got full time jobs up here it's not like we're just kind of like sitting around on our ass waiting for them to give us orders what to do and the stuff shows up here like at the last second and right away they give us like a deadline it's got to be done in about five minutes and they couldn't believe it they just they were a guest a guest just like the engineer in Amsterdam was a guest at the incompetence but nevertheless that's many a bob and bob uh for move or saw me tell you about what bob for moots said about uh mo and uh whole uh guest that'll be tomorrow here's our pull question today see i'm all off you wanted to why because we took two calls and i'm all i feel like i'm all off now what's the story with lion three here is somebody on it hello see i see like you don't hear it we don't hear it carless here's it yeah i press it again hello yes sir yeah see there you go now i had a press that twice now what does that mean first of one i don't know what it means i can be like that fucky on a whole thing right and then uh i don't know see there you go we got three calls there there's a few say somebody said maybe just a few uh two is a couple and a few is more than two that's an episode of a few three or four or more is a few here's our pull question for today what should the punishment be for metal and gorman too good and i already gave this to air sorry to fast the Indiana woman caught on tape beating her little girl six choices for that uh and course doors wanted like in bellish a little bit for that uh i was traveling jipsy bitch you're out i don't want to be uh that harsh on that bitch until we get to the last choice what's your the punishment be three years in jail one year in jail now these are just approximate times i pulled out of my ass okay i mean uh we can't have all the different choices on there probation and lose custody of her children probation only no punishment spare the rod and spoiled the child or burn the bitch at the stake on national tv what what's the punishment be and the and the see the way some of these people are making excuses for her and well we don't really see whether she had her hand closed or whether was a phoester it right give me a fricking break okay you may be ex-on tv in addition which what are they what are they letting her use the national media is a conduit as they carry conded for her uh excuses this uh traveling bitch huh why did that my my phone is ringing in the other room you think I should go get it you want to hey now maybe it's my maybe it's Hank's booky could be okay listen Hank had a seven one in his friend baby in august think was the great fat white hope for your QA of an august nice going her umper he held up his pants and held up uh his end of the bargain see the rest of us are like back in a spring book remember how well we did how well mad dog did huh yes remember that right we were like the great savers of the station in a spring book and out during the summer book even though he had a bad start now the humper is like coming through when's the morning show gonna come through and throw a number in here come on throw us a number already would you use silly old man can't put a number in there you clown you silly person okay everything you ask him it's the same response every time okay I guess I better vote oh yeah let's see should Neil start taking call yeah I think I'll change my mind on there now I actually did say I'll blow my brains out here is the worst story in the history of the human race a well time owner and can walk Disney company of hell talks about merging or seeing an ABC news divisions into a stand alone news powerhouse the L.A. times reported today the newspaper setting sources familiar with the situation added the negotiations got a lukewarm receptionized week at an AOL time owner board meeting AOL time owner's parent company of CNN slash money which is what this is in their website the talks have been sporadic for 18 months but game momentum in recent weeks the times quoted sources is saying it is the closest CNN's coming its two year effort to make an alliance with the rival broadcasters news division in a bid to cut costs the paper said the times that both companies acknowledged ongoing discussion about a news venture we've had conversations for the last 18 months and O.D. has been reached Disney spokesperson Zina Muka was quoted as saying AOL time owner spokesman Brad Terrell told the times we've had conversations with two networks and O.D.s have been reached under the plan the two companies discussed the two news divisions will be merged into a new company with revenues more than $1.6 billion. CNN would have come from more than a billion of that and ABC the rest according to the times AOL time owner would own from two thirds to three quarters of the new company and Disney the remainder the paper reported that in the operational control of the joint news venture might be more evenly split mitigating some objections from ABC CNN earns more than $200 million a year before taxes while ABC news will earn estimated pre-tags profit of 10 to 15 million in this fiscal year the time said setting people familiar with the numbers we got the numbers by the way from the trans yesterday and if I feel like a black sugar some of them out and not too good for us that's a good for George sorry not too good for more do do do do do do do man not too good but the hopper came through big time thank you Hank thanks for holding us up with your suspenders need to even wear any so there's the deal wouldn't be something as we have fewer and fewer choices and a smaller and smaller group of lunatics control all the propaganda that's passed off as freaking news in the USA very very sad that would be a tragic day as sad sad day not that we got you know that we got any choices now but they just reducing the number for a sad or here's my vote on at the bitch on sorry did I give that away on that two good I got a great column about to the two good lady from Andrea Paison near post she says two bad two good you were allows the excuse for apparent that's a good headline in it too bad too good that's great good old Andrea anyway it's 940 at 560 WQM I feel like I don't know when I told yesterday this was going to be a tumultious week on a show and on this station did I tell you that you did and I had my thumb on it is usual I can I can smell it man from mid-in-wise away just drop it and I'll smell them all away up here time layman and hell of potty xgmcr extent if that we're talking about them in fact they ought to be honored that we're talking about them on a show they feel honored just go down there and ask them time we'll say every time Neil mentions my mentions my name I get a twitch in my groin and right now you'll get a twitch when you see that 0% financing is continuing at hell of potty act you heard right with a proof credit from gma c you can continue to get 0% financing from the 36 months on all those nifty spiffy new 2003 potty act in gmc's or take yourself a re-vade up to $4,000 on all 2002 potty acts or gmc models in stock the choices yours and while you're at hell it they'll be a glad to show you're on show you the complete line of gmc SUVs including the on-voi voted by motor trend as SUV vier and the all new potty act vibe SUV that's got the power of a big fancy schmancy sports car and you'll also was always find a dependable selection of pre-owned cars trucks SUVs and hell it no lemons on a lot and like I always tell you if credit's a problem for you maybe you haven't been working in a while maybe you have like some Aussie credit stuff on your credit record have no fear because if anybody else turned you down hell it will cut you deal anyway so for a spectacular deal on potty act in gmc's this is the only place you need to be thinking about hell it's potty act they've been doing a right by people for over 35 years and that's same great location 134.01 South Dixie Highway that's US one right across from the most prestigious falls open every day seven days a week you can call him a 305.238.40 and be sure and tell that all fat Neal turned into call 305.238.40 for hell it potty act gmc they be professional grade my the way something yeah you were right burn the bloody bitches I wasn't playing that well this is rosy old time so you think I ain't a girl no more huh you think I ain't a girl no more too we know like that folks are one bang zoom both a urine donation I'm the queen the queen of my castle course on my girl just ask any of my girlfriend my good Janet Bino or Ann Colton that's how you're on the guy old a girl on the guy old just I don't like being a girl and I'm not a thing if you hey when you say that Aussie ball how high you're Kelly are you ready for some golfing what I'd like to get one of my hand out today how I'm worried about everybody not thinking I'm fed think I might have something to do with you smelling like the girl a guy switch pocket you are I'm not okay cheese what a girl get out I think if you're this give me what you got behind your back my man and that old man bitch that you bad you sell I am just bought uh with all the problems you got it nice if you could clear up that mess with that you're silly you're the greatest now you're right there's a lot of that match potato you're going around you can smell it I'm 27 at five sixty w q a it's all over the place I'm telling you one thing man I got the cure this morning make no mistake about that he noticed the mighty con guy that was the guy yeah he's still there sure it's not like we give any great advance notice that we're gonna take like a couple of calls on his show to the impact probably most people assume I would not especially after the results of the poll just for the hell of it since they fixed the phone let's try it out and discover by the way that it's all screwed up down there again is usual because the engineers don't know their ass from my elbow but nevertheless because it's interesting when he puts a call on in fact line five was I'm kind of a funky not unusual whole thing but it was on uh I don't know what what that's a regular you're used to the screen hold which is the checkmark that's regular hold that doesn't put people in a numerical order when you punch up the next button no but there's another hold it's got like a like a brackets with a die middle that's regular hold but that that's not what the chosen here it shows the little phone kind of like symbol oh then when I'm talking about that means like it looks like it looks like a turtle yeah that means that the line is on as and on how could line five of a banana I had to like punch it off anyway we don't want to go it all this technical stuff because the audience is gonna go into a coma and we we want to apologize profusely for getting emotional and getting carried away because the cranks want back on a year and my answer is no absolutely not no chance no way Jose I'll tell you when the audience when the absolutely pulled the final plug on having anything left to say at all I mean it will run out a long time before that but last 9-11 about three four days after 9-11 you would have thought that everybody would have had something to say right when you think about three four days after that that was the end of that they had nothing left to say they were like reaching and searching and and nothing to say and it was the end and it seems to me I could be wrong but it seems that by February I did like a little experiment for a couple of weeks and I said no more calls member I had done I had done the previous December not December of 2001 but the previous December I did for three weeks first time ever oh let's just not take any calls oh you can't do that how can you do a show well we did it and so in February of this year I did again for a couple of weeks now when I came up here we started taking calls for a very few days and it just took a few days to realize them what's the point of this what is the point of this oh new you sound so happy up there you sound so great oh I don't like the tone of the show you're like yeah what it what does that mean click hey if you want to talk to assholes man just get yourself the yellow pages of the white pages of the or the yellow pages of the phone directory and just go from our Varca zebra just make some calls you'll find plenty assholes off here okay I don't have time for assholes on his show we're preceded by one for three hours we don't need to have any more on this show 46 votes on a poll what should the punishment be for Madeline Gorman too good the then a woman caught on a tape beating the crap out of her little girl beating the snutt out of that poor little kid burn the bitch at stake on national TV 14 all right that's what I voted what did you vote? I guess probation and lost the custody of her to see what is it say her child she's got three children okay children probably my mistake you know why because I abbreviated that when I wrote that to Eric you better get with the mystery you not only got a bad trend I was a certain lawyer sure changes on the poll you better get your poll question straight mister I think moment had a point about you when he said yeah fire that little spick anyway probation and loss of custody of her children is what that should be him sure Eric will add the R.E.N. Rinn like Peter Rinn and Bobby Renn of the Amapelese 12 12 people say that probation only 11 a year in jail four no punishment spirit around spoiled a chapter three and three years in jail two spirit around the spoiled a child baby we got three people to say that just be the style of that kid exactly Peter to a bloody pulp and don't take any crap from those fucking little kids well you know she actually didn't get the goods in the store I guess is why mommy got the pissed off and they had a like page or twice right because the kid was out of control what do you mean the kid was out of control she just wasn't getting the goods that she was supposed to pick up so they could like a return for a refund right well get all that stuff about her and about the gypsies I mean the Irish travelers and the gypsy I mean what are they who they are oh there's a great line in there about the a trailer park full of get to that U.S. sent Iraq germs in the mid 80s I'm gonna go back to my bedtime stories okay whether that guy likes it or not this is from the Buffalo News no less you ready ready American research come on I haven't even got the Tony Bluria it is clear well we'll get to them American research companies with the approval of two previous presidential administrations provided Iraq biological cultures that could be used for biological weapons according to testimony to the U.S. Senate committee eight years ago oh you know I think a lot of you are too emotionally crippled to be listening to this West now virus E. coli vatialism and and tracks were among the potentially fatal biological cultures that the U.S. company sent under U.S. Commerce Department licenses after 1985 when Ronald Reagan was president according to the Senate testimony the Commerce Department of the First Bush administration also authorized eight shipments of cultures that the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention later classified as having biological warfare and significance. Between 1985 and 89 the Senate testimony shows Iraq received at least 72 U.S. ships of clones, germs and chemicals ranging from substances that could destroy wheat crops, the old children and animals the bone deforming disease rickets to a nerve gas rated a million times more lethal than seren gas. The closures about such shipments in late 80s that only highlight questions about old policies but pose new ones such as how well the American military forces would be protected against such an arsenal if one exists should the U.S. invade Iraq. testimony on the shipments was offered in 1994 to the Senate Banking Committee headed by then-demorias senators down were regal of Michigan and Alfonso de Matov New York who were critics of the policy the testimony which occurred during hearings that were held about the poor health of some returning Gulf War veterans was brought to the attention the buffalo news by associates of regal and were not talking about gene regalated the driver. The committee oversees the work of the U.S. export administration and the Commerce Department of the Relationship and the Dendris biological agents. Sodom whose saying took full advantage of the range of been regal said in an interview with the news late last week they seem to give anything you wanted. Even so it's right out of a science fiction movie as to why would send this kind of stuff to anybody he said. The new Bush administration he said claims who say is adding to his via weapons capability. If that's the case then the issue needs a discussion and clarity regal said but it's not something anybody wants to talk about. The shipments were sent to Iraq in the late 80s when that country was engaged in a war with Iran and President Reagan and George Bush won. We're trying to diminish the influence of a nation that took Americans hostage as a decade earlier and was still 80 anti-Israeli terrorists. Iraq was considered an ally of the U.S. in the 1980s said anti-Wise Saki, Vice President for Public Relations for One of the U.S. organizations that provided the materials to Hussein's regime. All these shipments were properly licensed by the government otherwise they would not have been sent said wise Saki, works for American type culture collection, manaces Virginia, and nonprofit biophormatics firm. The shipments not only raised serious questions about the wisdom of former administration's regal said but also questions about what steps the defense department is taking to protect American military personnel against Sodom's biological arsenal in the event of an invasion. Regal said there are 100,000 names on national registry of Gulf Veterans who reported illnesses they believed stem from their tours of duty there. Some of these people who went over there as young able-bodied Americans are now desperately ill he said some of them have died. One of the obvious questions for today is how is our defense department adjusted to this threat to our own troops he said how might this potential war proceed differently so that we don't have the same outcome? How would our troops be protected or kind of sensors do we have now? In the Gulf War the battlefield sensors went off tens of thousands of times that defense departments said they were false alarms. U.S. biophormatics firms in the 1980s received requests from a wide variety of Iraqi agencies all claiming materials were intended for civilian research purposes. The congressional testimony from 1994 sites in American type ship in 1985 to the erect ministry of higher education of acceptance that resembles tuberculosis and influenza and causes enlargement of the liver and spleen. It can also infect the brain, lungs, heart and spinal column, the substance is called Histo Plasma capsuleatum. American type also provided clones used in the development of germs that would kill plants. The material went to the Iraq atomic energy commission which the US government says is a front for Sodom's military. An organization called the State Company for Drug Industries received a pneumonia virus and E. coli, salmonella and staphylococcus in August 87 under U.S. license according to a Senate testimony the country's ministry of trade got 33 batches of deadly germs including anthrax and botulism in 88. Ten months after the first present of Bush was inaugurated in 88 and unnamed U.S. firm sent eight substances including the germ that causes strept throat to Iraq's University of Bosra. An unnamed office in Bosra Iraq got West Nile fever virus from an unnamed U.S. company 85 of the Senate testimony shows. While there's no proof that the recent outbreak of West Nile virus in the U.S. then from anything Iraq did, Regal said, you have to ask yourself, might there be a connection? Researchers at the Center for Strategic and International Studies said American companies were out the only ones who sent anthrax culture to Iraq, British firm sold cultures to the University of Baghdad that were transferred to the Iraqi military. The Center for Strategic International Studies says this was also sent cultures. The data on American shipments of deadly biological agents to Iraq was developed for the Center Banking Committee in the winter of 94 by the panel chief investigator James Tudy, Tweet, and other staffers in the Committee Record made 25th, 1994. The Committee was tried with established at thousands of service personnel or harm by exposure to Iraqi chemical weapons during the Gulf War, especially following U.S. Air Attack on Amunitions dump, a theory that the Defense Department and much of official Washington have always downplayed, and you want to know they downplayed because it's too embarrassing. How about that? A little bedtime story from the Buffalo News, which I'm sure none of you have read? Not to make you crap your pants in it. Look out for that mosquito. 9.56 at 5.60 WQM. If you want to lose some weight, do like the Beast is doing baby. Of course when the Beast comes back, he's not going to be on I'm warning you anymore. But nevertheless, at least to impact that will probably help him live a lot longer too, you know? Yeah, and you can live longer too. If you lose that weight, you get in better health. The way to do it is the easy way of the balance for life because instead of worrying about how you figure out what you eat every day, they figure it out for you. The only easy choice you got is you take their little menu they send you and you make a choice between two alternatives for every meal every day that you're on a program you check off which one you want, and that's what you wind up within your little black sack. Air every morning by 6 an a.m. bright nearly, there is your beautiful little black sack and you open it up, you unzip that thing in the sack too. And inside there are three delicious gourmet meals, two delicious snacks and little bottle of water. And when I say delicious, I'm not exaggerating. The food is fresh. It's made with the best ingredients, lots of veggies, lots of stuff that's good for you. Nothing frozen, no crap, nothing artificial. And believe me, you'll be full. You'll be full to the gullet at the end of the day. And the weight comes pouring off because you're not eating a lot of crap. So instead of shopping and trying to account carbs and calories and do all the other impossible things which just doesn't work, let the balance for life people help you lose the weight to painless delicious weight. Colour right now gets started right away, 9.5.4.5.6.8.3.2.29. That's 9.5.4.5.6.8.3.2.29. Or visit their prestigious website at balanceforlife.com. And there's lots of people who's out there to think just off, I smoke a little marijuana when I say cottage. And it wasn't as it went up. And joy. Yeah, maybe sing a shout out to you. I know the billy else. Then they don't think I'm fit to be on the Supreme Court. Yeah, I got it much. Let's do this quick and get out of here. I want to sit down straight. When I start reviewing the law, I don't just review the law. I'll be joking. I'll be joking. I'll be joking. I'll be joking. I'll be joking. I'll be joking. I'll be joking. That's the word. Let's go for a month to stake. You all ready to say. That looks like the winning the welfare hit by a little bit. Burn a bit to the stake on national DB 27. That traveling too good bitch to look for owner good. Anyway, I guess I better talk a little bit about the numbers, should I? Yeah. Little later on. Well, do you want to do it right now? I don't think so. Whatever. I don't think so. After taking that little spate of calls that we took there, and of course, having the tightness of, oh, he still has his hands in his knees. No, he gave up and ran out of here. He gave up? Well, you know. We re-cut the computer. That was his best idea. And it's still doing the same thing. He was able to go research. But you can just pick him right up while they're ringing. That's the only one I'll get the money. Thank you. No, thank you. All we know is that if we if we needed for some spectacular reason, just like Muffse, the man the phone yesterday said, you know, at least we had the capability. We don't we don't have the capability of doing it right. But at least we had the ability of putting it on the ear. Like if something really monumental happened like the end of the world, and we wanted to say, bye bye, everybody. Yeah, we could like communicate with him and say, bye, I'm put him on the ear. You know, it would be kind of like a nice touch. But other than that, I think a short of sort of something really cataclysmic, I have no plans for calls in the near term anyway. Like between now and let's see, what year is my contract in? I mean, it's what what is going to make it change? Why is it going to be in different now than it was six months ago? 12 months ago, a year ago, Lucas, is it going to change? Is there anything different? No. Are the colors on the sudden going to have anything to say? No, they have nothing to say. Which is why cracks me up as much as I love a Mr. Mad Dog as opposed to Mrs. Mad Dog, because they don't know her. I don't why her. She's hot. She's hot. But nevertheless as much as I love him, he has this thing where he says every day, you know, we're encouraged to call you are the show. They're not the show. I mean, he's saying that to be like, in graduating or guest of the call, he knows better than that. If the colors were the show, we could have a bunch of monkeys coming here and sit down and punch up calls and just sit there and go, make noises like that. You know, but I cut him short there. Sorry. Why don't you get all those material on? Good stuff. But I'm telling him, it's just, you just, it's pointless. And if you listen to those sport nerd calls, which you don't because you don't listen to sports shows, but if you did, you know what I'm talking about? It's the same direct, same crap. I mean, you're talking about people in serious need of a life transplant. And yeah, I mean, good God. I got my NFL package. I said, I probably watch more goddamn football than most of these superjoc, you know, experts out there put together because I got the package. And I'm not just watching one ball game. I'm all over the goddamn place. I'll almost do the Patriots, of course. But nevertheless, and of course hockey games, which they're not allowed to talk about there in the morning, that's going to help you to moan hockey season coming up. Don't let jelly, other award don't even let them say, fuck you, you know, something like that. Somebody's got to take the bull by the horns and that place. And that's the problem. We got 75 general managers, 42 program directors. Now we got an operations manager. We got 53 engineers. Everybody's in charge and we can't get anything done right. And we're still making money and over fist. And that's what allows them to continue. That's what allows the Greg Reed machine to continue pumping along. Just like power. Speaking of, let's talk about power. Let's talk about a good story for Beesley, huh? Power kicks out. What did I tell you, Disney? What did I tell you? The party is freaking over. Over there on party radio with their derrude would assemble graphics over. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. And you're right. They kicked your ass. After your big start, go first few months after that big precipitous start. Let's take a look. 18 to 34. That's their demo. Of course. Right? Right. Persons of course. Persons 18 to 34. Men and women. Monday through Sunday. This is for the entire week. WEDR the Schwarzeneges stations number one with a 12.1. They're wrapping it. Power is right on their ass. This I think is the closest they've come in recent memory to knock it off. EDR for number one and persons 18 to 34. They got an 11.9. Of course, teens is also part of the demo. We don't do we don't bother with that because we don't have any. But power 11.9 to number two. Now party is number three. But they got a 6.4 down from a 7.1 in the last to trend. And dropping like a guy named Trude into the bulls. What they're doing. They're dropping like a big fat one right out of Disney's ass. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney like that. And if you look at specific day parts, I mean the picture is even ugly. I don't know where to how they get that number three in a market. Because for example, in morning drive, where we put the who's the guy they found out there on 441 by Ives Derry. What does his name? I don't know. I'll be still. Oh, our our guy. I thought you were asking about the power. I'm talking about Albee. So I'm talking about him. If I got a subson according to the law, he's big. What do you mean he's big? I physically look. I don't go in a T room there and check guys out. He's a little man with big ratings. He's a little man with a big one. Power's got an 8.6 number three in a morning almost a Howard Jazz and I'm not talking about how we're David. Oh, I'm talking about the real Howard. EDR's got a 10 3 in a morning in 18 to 34. Biggs got an 8 9 and right on the rest is power with A6. Albee's silk. He's the best and they're not even on the first page party radio. They're on a second page with a 3.6. That's a pathetic number. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. Number 10. Who's number 10, baby? Who's number six? Who's number one? So based on that, let's hear it for power and kids scrubbing out. Always like him ever since he gave me those bash readboys tickets even though I didn't go to the concert. Always like kids scrubbing tonight. Always. Except for whatever I was pissed off at him about what was I pissed off him about. I don't know because John gave him some music to play any wooden. Oh well, that ain't hey listen, it's all sweat off my ass. I mean he could have been playing some really good music but then maybe got around to play in the adventure. I don't know. He doesn't want to like be ahead of the curb. He wants to play the same crap that South Florida FM is famous for playing crap. That's the name of the game in South Florida mute, which is why so many see you know sometimes good for the record business. It's good for the other record stores. That's why people saw somebody got the MCDs and of course now that KAT is playing classical music, they won't be selling so many classical CDs because those old cochers out there, those pseudo-electiles, they can get their classical music for free now on WKT. Little static in there. Oh, like that. Do you think the Raspberry Man is cutting your radio, but nevertheless yeah, he's stuck in your radio right in the middle of the Beethoven and Bach and Brahms Bach and Mozart and Chopin. They're chopping it. So there you go, good luck here. 1360 on the now by the way WKT. I used to work there when I was a talk station catch the cat. We used to you know we used to have bus billboards? No, get out. Isn't that what they call those things? Sure. We used to have bus billboards and had like the red and had the CBS logo and had the red outline of like a cat you know. With a long neck like a zebra neck a cat. And it said catch the cat 1360 WKT. Talk radio. It was great. Thank you again by the way Sid Levin. Love you Sid. He's the guy to give me the chance to be here today. You know he's the one. He's the man. Sid Levin and the Casper and Gary Lawrence who was a good guy. Anybody else who want to thank in a market? No. One thing great? No thanks. Thanks for your great engineers by the way Greg. They're doing it, baby. Even up here to their life and at them. They don't even know who they are in their life and at them. I got to continue with my bedtime stories, by the way. Okay, I'm glad that those people are upset with my bedtime stories are still listening. You might learn something. I know that's dangerous sir with my bedtime stories. Like that first story wasn't that a little bit unsettling there about the buffalo news story. But all the crap that we sent over there. But you see, oh we're not supposed to hear about those things because see what we did is we all that's like on passions. We left a genie of the bottle heck you've got. We let around the bottle and now we don't know how to control her. That's what we did. So we built him up to beat the Iranians. We got the gun and then here's Tony Blair on there screaming this morning about well, you know, saw him kill the million people in the war's war against the land. Who the hell are you able to do that? Who enabled him to do that? He'd be he'd be a speck of dust in the desert over there right now if it would have been for the USA. Back in him in that war against the land, they would have knocked him into oblivion. He'd be better than a goddamn door nail. And not to mention that, but who to help gave him those chemicals, which are just rated that article. So we could unleash the poison gas and all of this balloony about well, he didn't use any of it against us in the Gulf War. Not so fast. And you remember when Senator Patrick Lehi ever, my was questioning about the West now of iris and even I was questioning his sanity. Well, guess what, maybe he knew a little more than we know. See what I'm saying? 43. I'm saying maybe he was right. Is what I'm saying. Based on that story that I just read, that bedtime story I just can't from the Buffalo news, which is I put into my pile of savers, which ever have too many that I think are so damn important. I put in my pile of savers. Something to keep in mind. And the next one from the International Hero Tribune, which is reprinted from the Washington Post yesterday by Dana Priest and Dana Milbank, missing in 911 hearings, what two presidents knew. Also, I think it'll be in that pile. And of course, we'll get to the witch. I mean, the iris traveler. And we got the Britney story way on down the line. And then of course, I got the important thing about the Aaron Sorcan, which I said, be sure to remind me that it's in my pile. But don't forget that there's so many important things going on here. So many important bedtime stories. And especially the one about Ron King retiring from life. Who? I don't have no idea. I mean, wouldn't you think I've been in the market 26 and a half years going on 27 now? Wouldn't you think that just by a note is just sitting in a doctor's office? You would exactly somebody, somebody somewhere would have said, hey, you know, that Ron King that's on life? I don't know anybody who knows who that is. I, I, I, I, but it's in the hero. So it must be actually it must be very important guy. And he's been entertaining a lot of people with that carpenter. I do like the carpenter's by the way. They have to be in the right mood for mug. You know, once every five years, Ray need days and much. She's kind of depressing. You know, and then you start thinking about her starving to death, right? You know, it's depress. Oh, well, we don't want to be depressed. We already got sign of nowhere about another course. We got Tony Blair. Just clear. I know. Who gives a weather reports now on a BBC in a spare time. You hear that? And of course, if it's clear in the England that is big news, because that really happens. It's usually cloudy and gay. A great 10, 12, and 5, 60, WQM, Todd Rexson, asshole. You know that, honey is I'm going to mention that the beginning of every spot that he's got, but she's only got two and he doesn't service them at all. In fact, wasn't wasn't yesterday the day that the guy was getting back our friend at Fastrain. We're going to get some great new copy from this guy who writes his own copy. I don't know. Remember that? That was the excuse last week. That was the story. Did we get it? Oh, is Todd Rexson? Is he a major major asshole? Yeah. By now you've heard of the incredible earning potential of computer professional guys. And you've heard us talk about the incredible demand for certified computer professionals out there. That's right. There's a big demand for salespeople to who really service their accounts. You also are just talking about the great people at Fastrain. So do yourself a big favor. Get out of your dead-end job. Start earning a paycheck that's worth looking at. And pick up the phone call Fastrain toll-free at 1-866 Fastrain. I can't believe he didn't get your stub yet. Sorry. You can complete your program. Get certified just four short months and be on your way to a new higher paying career. Like I said, a paycheck that's worth talking about. Fastrain's got four convenient locations in Dayton, Brown, including the new one in Kimble. They got convenient day eating. We can classes to figure busy schedule. Fastrain's got full-time job placement to Varmol over 30 experience too. So if you pick up that phone right now and just four months, you can be looking at a paycheck that will put a smile on your post and some money in your ass. Pick up the phone and call Fastrain toll-free 1-866 Fastrain. That's 1-866 Fastrain when you call be sure and Tom, Todd Rex is a total waste of space. Or check him out on the web if you like it. Fastrain.com. People are ISOs. You've heard the secrets behind Saddam Hussein's mistress was bats. Just have the story. Find out who's Saddam Hussein really is. What's ABC confronts Saddam Hussein's babies mama? Yeah. Sorry I've been never taken care of. It's my check. He always like a never old time. He's a family saint. The most methodical error bleeder in the 20th century. Find out the deep secrets of Saddam Hussein. I told you to come pick me up and he came and picked me up on this busted ass camel. I can't move my mind. And that camel was spitting on my dad. She'd be out of his life. Find out how he really isn't bad. I don't know how he has to take lives. 15-15 seconds with me. Okay. Why did you stay with him? Why did I stay with him? He got dollars. Okay. He got the business name was Vimly's All to Beans. Okay. We got paid for it. Don't miss Saddam's babies mama. You know I'm your pay for this. Tonight on ABC. Penny Tina's five 60. Nobody Q. I'm happy to do to make a beautiful day here in Toronto. Baby the son of Shinin. Gonna be 72 today. A. Love it. Go love these numbers though. Wouldn't to not too promising. Morning had a disastrous trend. I mean just a an embarrassing seat when you look at the many teen plusnets as a 4 point. Oh, that can look too bad. Don't look great but don't look too bad. Looks like about what he used to be. But then you extrapolate the individual month and it turns out to be about a 3 point. Oh, and then you realize that include six to 10 am when you include our first hour or your just first hour in this case. Which you know is certainly harder than a 3 point. So that means that actually they're doing under a 3 like two something and the more I mean two something in men. And this is the guy that's gonna like show us what talk radio supposed to be all about. He's gonna reinvent sports talk to sky who goes like that. I don't think so you know you can have those sick of fans there looking at your toes about your big play by playing all the other crap. But that's not doing a talk show. You follow what I'm saying talking to the same bunch of boring chronicers not what I call doing an entertaining talk show. In the morning we need to lead in baby forget about mentioned in our name. We need some kind of a lead in we need to like you know what I'm talking about a little momentum there. A little mo. Mo. Mention. I thought that's what Mo was short for was Mo. Mention is supposed to like Jackie Mo. Or is it supposed to the mo we here and the mo we get a lot of pukes. So anyway he had a bad number. George had a bad number. Yes. And his proud of it. Well why do you want to live up your expectation? You want to be starting throw in good numbers in there and then they'll expect like the next the same thing next summer. Now I'll take part of the blame for that because August we're talking about them at the vogue. It was a mitigate disaster because I was sick quite a bit there in August right? Like two weeks two and a half weeks. Now you're getting carried away. I thought it was. I'm we just about you didn't do a show. Well and that was not because of being sick because you reminded me that I had that extra week off in my contract like starting August 5th or whatever and all was. So August I think I did maybe a couple of shows a whole month right and it shows. I mean you know let's see one thing I've noticed about you is that like the end of June there in July you know when you start and fine it can handle it for a while but they give it all after the 85th show on eating as they start in a little bit nervous you know what I'm saying? So you wear a little bit then after while you you're you're much improved the summer did a fine job but after the 724th show about sucking armpits they start getting a little bit nervous and then after that fecal matter starts keeping it in their radio and it can start smelling it they say I don't think so George you know they're like a lot but we haven't done that yet. Yeah well next time something to write down for next summer okay assuming we're still here. So anyway what do we have we had uh we're gonna tell is it? Oh but we're I guess what here's the good news though in fact even but take leave it to him off. We're number one! Damn it! Talk about hanging on by his thumbnail and of course this is 10 to 3 so you can suggest the mad dog did poorly but I don't think so but nevertheless George in many 18 plus a 6.1 is still number one although WDR is right on his heel with a 6.0 Oh! I did that out of order sorry so by a tenth of a point you held on there. WDR when I had a 5.8. Number three I'll let's a drop down for them so rush I'll come straight away I was snicken rush actually isn't benefiting. I'll tell you the guy who's shocked now the hopper let me see it again hopper in the month of August had a 7.1 you had a 4.9 and a morning had like under a 3 under a 3 in a month of August when you extrapolate 6 to 9 under a 3 share for all of that money and all of that bluster in time. All of that attitude anyway the hopper at a 7.1 share let's hear it! Let's hear it for the hopper 7 going after a couple of bad months and you know the bad months were a fluke thanks audiences pretty steady out there those degenerate gamblers they you know maybe they were tapped out during the summer months but August they got like you know somebody gave like a little uh a little something on the side and Hank went back up to a 4.9 he's a backup to see when from 7th in the last trend to time for second in this one and guess who he's tied with? Oh my shunishin the shunishin the shunishin the shunishin the shunishin the shunishin the shunishin the shunishin the shunishin the shunishin the shunishin whatever the guy's name is an IOD which is amazing to me which I guess that means people like a lot of commercials because the last time I heard that guy all he was doing was like threatening to talk about something and then they would go into about a 10 minute break and then they'd come back and threaten to talk about something else then they would do traffic and whether another five minute break and he'd come back and go on to threaten about something else he was going to talk about but never did so he's so Hank went way up a disgum must add a big trend too for some strange reason what is that tell you I don't know and Howard sperm had another gigantic trend he's uh I mean just forget about him's put him in a separate category legendary 8.9 in the spring book the next trend he actually went down a little bit to a 7.8 but in his last trend which is 2.3rds of the summer book Howard sperm is up to an 8.5 so we got through wrong Howard I think is what it's all about you know what I'm saying I think that's the problem he's the guy that's got the audience out there to got the men he's got the men we've got the emotional cripples who all they know about is uh ball games and joxstraffs that's all they know about that's all we got anyway now I continue now because I feel like I've wasted about an hour and a half today you know except for that except for the couple of things that I've actually talked about like the Buffalo News article that was uh very uh disconcerting to say the best and I think that's something that I'm pretty well and I said we let the genie out of the bottle and now we don't know how to get him back in there again we have to exterminate him before he turns back on us with the crap that we gave him see what I'm saying yep international hero tribune reprints from the Washington Post conspicuously absent from three days of riveting hearings chronically missed opportunities leading up to the nine level of an attack is what was known about al-Qaeda by the two key decision makers president George W. Bush and his predecessor Bill don't call me Bubba Clinton the Bush White House says the Congress is not entitled such information but a growing number of Republicans and Democrats on the joint house Senate panel investigating the attacks said last week that if the White House continued its refusal to declassify information on what Bush was told before the attack they would ask the Senate to take the extraordinary step of over ruling Bush's decision to shield the information it's silly in the out of chains their decision said or in snatch Republican Senator from Utah on ally of the Republican administration the president getting poor advice amid rising calls for a photo disclosure by Bush the administration offered a concession Friday by dropping its opposition to that independent commission to investigate the nine 11 attacks administration official said the inquiry should not examine the intelligence failures a caveat that let some families of nine level victims to dismiss the move is meaningless but Democrats in Congress said that decision to end months of opposition to an independent inquiry made it less likely that Bush would eventually endorse an inquiry that included intelligence failures a senior administration official did not dispute that view it's an independent commission they can buy definition do what they see fit the official said over glass several months the CIA working with a congressional panel expedited a declassification of dozens of intelligence reports and communications before the nine eleven attacks relating to the hijackers the threat for mostama yumama bin Laden and the possibility of al-Qaeda's using airplanes as weapons an issue in the dispute between the panel in the White House's whether the panel would be allowed to publicly reveal how much of that information was shared with senior White House officials as well as with Bush and Clinton that would help to show what the president's new about threats how seriously they took them and what they did in part to try to thwart al-Qaeda since the information that the panel is the disputing has been declassified for the panel report revealing to whom it was distributed the White House would not harm national security said Eleanor Hill stacked director the way a house Senate panel the Bush administration has the custodian of all White House documents has the authority to deny the release of information concerning Clinton by House officials said releasing the records related to the president the White House asserted would inhibit Bush's closest advisors and the advisors of future presidents from giving their most candid advice for fear it might be made public and might be embarrassing similar arguments have been used with hold information from congress on such matters as energy policy and presidential parties a White House spokesman Sean McCormick said we will not do anything that could prevent presence from getting precisely the candid intelligence assessments and advice they need how do you like that I don't 20 seven after ten at five sixty w q a and speak in a Todd Drec see if it's me if I'm the new program director of the operations manager somebody it's going to play bushboss in there I get right in Todd Drec space and say okay where's that copy knew what's supposed to be yesterday where he of where's the follow through all what we talk about last week you follow what I'm saying no you think they're doing it no have you heard the news about the 3.95% mortgage if you heard that yeah and if you've been thinking about it now is the time to stop thinking and start doing do something smart it's time to purchase a home or we find answer existing home at an unbelievable rate of only 3.95% if you have a 7.5% mortgage that 3.95% rate would save you over 3.5% or over 3.500 bucks the first year on a $100,000 mortgage don't make things hard for yourself make them easy and just pick up that phone make one easy phone call to financial group at 1.800 940 L.E. and that's 1.89453. Getting yourself a mortgage someplace else will cost you in the long run thousands of dollars extra each year so what's the point of like given money away think of all the money can say when you have a 3.95% mortgage financial group has helped thousands of folks just like you put your fan financing in the best possible position by getting yourself a 3.95% mortgage confidential group today right now toll free it's 1.89453 that's 1.89453 there's an equal housing lender quitter restrictions do apply and rates are something to change if you wait too long we're supposed to be a 5.6% you way yeah the station stands for nothing I can't say a money game just go away go in a winner of American Idol 2002 this way to go and thank god that wasn't rig too you know yeah 162 votes in our poll this morning what's the punishment be for Madeleine Gorman too good the Indiana bitch caught on tape beating the crap out of her poor little four year old girl uh burned a bitch of the stake on national TV 56 probation in lost the custody of her children's 31 probation only 31 year in jail 19 no punishment spare the rod and spoiled a child 13 and three years in jail 12 left wing sorkin blast bush were pretending he is exhibited what were pretending he's exhibited unspeakable courage that's the headline never read the headline the first behind NBC's west wing is blasting off against the real west wing and upcoming pages of the new yorker which names erin sorkin the country's loyal opposition the yorker reported reporter Ted friend is penned a high impact talk of the town said for release in march forth additions march forth march forth what sort of looks like here how can I be I don't get how is that possible and it's got to be a misprint sorkin the creator produced a room or producer writer of west wing tells friend it's absolutely right that it's at this time we're all laying off the bush bubble head jokes but that's a far cry from what the times in CNN others on whom we're live for unbarnished objectivity are telling us which is that my god on September 12 he woke up as Teddy Roosevelt to became the rup writer maybe this was last march who it'll know is of NBC's own look at it in the life of the president see the bush white house inside the real west wing which aired as the lead into the west wing repeat a few weeks ago sorkin charges the white house pumped up the president scheduled to show him be much busier and more engaged than he isn't on bro call it it happened now that's a misprint sorkin continues to show us a valentine to bush that illusion maybe what we need right now but the truth is we're simply pretending to believe that bush exhibited unspeakable courage at the world series by throwing out the first pitchy and any stadium or that he by god shows those show those terrorist by going out to saw Lake city and jumbling the first line of the Olympic opening ceremony the media's waving pompoms in the entire country's being polite sorkin declares i just began reading frank boonaz campaign book ambling it a history the unlikely honestly of jord w bush which begins with candidate bush at a service in Texas for seven people were killed in a church by a crazy gunman bruna described bush making goofy faces at the press and reminds you of a junior high school or an museum field trip sorkin tells the magazine that he's planning to revisit the bush core floor to show down and not coming up a so president's desire Bartlett played by actor martin sheen who's called bush a white knuckle drunk is up for reelection this november Bartlett is going to be running against governor Robert richie aflorate who's not the sharpest tool in the box but is raised a lot of money is very popular with the public and party so are concerned it was frustrating watching gorge try so hard not to appear smart of the debates why not just say here's my epic resume what do you got where completely fictional non political show one of our motors is doing our version of the old mad magazine scenes we'd like to see and so to an extent we're going to return to the last election and try a few different plays than the gork campaign did so they're unsurking that thing about the march for this you that kind of like to chose me you know that's got to be misprong i don't get maybe maybe in October for whatever it all means it all uh it's makes me sense to me by the way speaking of al Gore i told George before the show has become a parody of himself anybody saw his pathetic performance yesterday it was uh strategic go away al take janin uh hop into that red pickup truck to either get off into the sunset not only did he's gotten big he looks like we were talking about Raymond birthday of the days uh were Raymond birthday times two he's a monster of any political business gigantic and thaw them who's saying it just uh a big bet up i mean he just he just a parody himself the all those bits that we got about him that's what he found like now al Gore i mean if the democrats can if that's the best they can do in 2004 is Gore then i haven't helped us so i can tell you we'd like to them okay speaker of that bitch now pre-ended fullman tape beating child south bend in the end as we continue with our bedtime stories a judge entered a not guilty pleaded with felony child battery charged monday for the woman caught on videotape repeatedly threatening her four-year-old daughter in the rear of a sport utility vehicle repeatedly striking her four-year-old daughter in the rear of a sport utility vehicle see how it has he just on one little inflection there one change of pace in a way you read it this hearing from metal and gorman two good lasted about two minutes she was ordered return to court october seven for a status status hearing earlier two good attorneys Stephen Rosen said the knock-yieldy pleases a formality until he can determine how to handle the case the plate comes after gorman two good admitted on c.n's american morning that she had smacked and shaken her daughter martha and polter here two good twenty five-center daughter martha had been acting up at cold departments to remiss your waka where they were videotape later but she said there would be no excuse in a world why did it she said she was horrified and sick to my stomach and mortified when she saw the tape over striking her child i know i had martha i know a porter here and i shouldn't have two good said but she said her daughter was checked by two doctors and she was fine she was still alive indiana child protective services placed martha with a foster family and sent you as a county unit it could be determined if another member of the child's extended family could take care of her as a condition of bail two good will be allowed only supervised visits with martha she won't be able to visit her two sons aged five and six without supervision and the two boys will live with their father there were husband is supporting her the couple will be willing to separate if that means he can get custody of martha two good said son in and if you would see an end my hope is just have martha home go to parenting classes learn the right way to deal with a two good senate is want my life two good says she comes from a community called irish travelers which is known for the i tinnered lifestyles of its members she sent her husband is licensed to do paving work i just like you told me that it is yes about paving the uh uh right and like after the first good rain it all kind of like yes also really hard her husband is known as a license to a paving to paving work and the family moves around a country and takes eye jobs she indicated that i was trapped with something to discriminate against and that's why was nervous in the department store she said hey guess what honey there's no potato famine anymore go over to go to McDonald's they got some great fries lower and fat pretty soon prosecutor Maggie john said son is she was not moved by two good and treaties that the girl be allowed to stay with their other family members my sympathies do not go to madlin and all john said these are the same family members who after they witnessed the beating on video tape refused to bring the child forward for medical assessment or medical treatment john said that the doctors being billah helped us not me in the girl was not abused bruises could have been healed in the eight days the girl was gone she said two good herself turned herself in rather than saturday say it again two good turn herself in saturday to the misjure going in police department nine days after the store surveillance camera recorded or apparently slapping and punching her daughter two good said her daughter never had a mark on her but she said she had a message for other parents don't raise your hand to a child in eight worth it she's part of a camera especially if a camera's watching which is why of course you kept looking around before she started doing it just to make sure nobody was watching surprise sweetheart surprise it's candid camera even though he's dead what's his name Alan front Alan fun what would you say front fun Alan fun he's still dead that was a good show in it's time was okay sure about your vulca brine liked it a lot especially when they stand on homie in a gingled in the huntsconrad what I was having show that was pan of my quiz 19 till 11 at five sixty w q i if you're looking in the mirror and you think hey that's vulca brine's head on there is a big bald spot or maybe you think you look a little like mo do do do do do well forget about those pasty looking smelly wings here's the answer for you the natural hairline system for our good post personal body trails off eerie Charlie's been helping the famous and the infamous look their best over twenty five years and you probably haven't ever noticed his work because it doesn't look like a piece i mean you can you go in like that Aaron brown on CNN that's a piece sand Donaldson on Aaron CNN that's a piece bad one bob eyes and burglar sales department at muskware on his head that's a piece but if it's the natural hairline system you would notice because the her looks like it's going out of your scalp so if you will guys want to cover up that bald spot but in the same time look younger and better instead of silly here's the answer for and it's affordable too when you call Charles out here mention the arrages and a lot to a dollar extra off the price of that natural hairline system and Charlie also services and repairs all other kinds of hairline weight for only twenty five to thirty bucks and everybody who gets the natural hairline system gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee if you know all of the way it looks and feels and smells you know i always talk about that smell spot until i met mower you know and then it realized hope that cash merbo k released things up a herpes if you know all the way looks and feels and smells you can be you know we turn it for a full refund say Charlie here's your hair back give me my money back no problem at all make the call today and you can look i have a lot better when younger we know time at all call 1 800 3 21 24 13 1 800 3 21 24 13 or log on to Charles out for eerie dot com won't you tune And when I woke up in this old find that was a very holy man. Don't cry there. 1046 at 560, why did you fax me that that I just the Schmidt can to immediately? Oh, well, you know. No, I don't know. Why did you fax me that same squeaky little handwriting? It's always the same crap that I read about two words of insurgency. I should make it. I don't know. I'm slipping. You are slipping. I think I had some of the pressure those crappy summer ratings. Anyway, getting back to, um, and I don't read them. Whoever to how you are, you a misfit, you turn out I don't read any of the crap. So continue writing it. Little quiz-ling. Simple then. New York Post and Reapizer writes today two bad two good, you're allows you to excuse for a parent. Mother of the Year, Madeline Tugod has three small children, four driver's licenses and two names to choose from, depending upon the state in which he parks her trailer. But mommy dearest has not won permanent address. The country now is this familiar with Tugod's parenting skills as it is with a danger of hurricane isodore, this past weekend the Savage in Blue Jeans was all over TV, furiously lacking her small daughter about the head, a scene caught on surveillance tape. As horrifying as it was to watch I could not look away, she had to be stopped. By the time Tugod surrendered to a 30 cent, after running to two states and dying her hair brown, she'd morphed into the most despised human aside of Saddam Hussein. She also presented a self-serving story. Tugod says her child Martha made her angry by wandering off in his store, forcing management to pay your twice. What kind of a mother lets a four-year-old out of her sight? This train wreck of a mom is one of these so-called Irish travelers, nomadic misfits of which I'd never had before heard. Travelers wander with the seasons looking for work and homework pair, previously they drew the attention of authorities only for scamming customers. Tugod is charged in Texas with skipping out on traffic to get in stealing goods from a department store, about the beating she inflicted on Martha's e-tool and interviewer. I shouldn't have done it. I shouldn't have did it. You know, it's interesting, every time they quote here, they quote her exactly the way she says it. Yes, the illiterate, I shouldn't have did it. And don't raise your hand to a child that ain't worth it. Ain't it the truth, as canvere. The truth is that Tugod is a falling attitude to her child rearing is not so different from the thinking of many, who see children as personal property and we raised as they see fit. Little Martha Tugod is now in the care of strangers while her brother's age is five and six are with relatives. I feel for a child rip from her parents, but this travesty of a family can't continue. By foisting a bizarre authority shunning way of life on kids, the travelers put them in danger. Tugod and her country be kept miles from children, unless they agreed to settle down in a place where they can be watched. Until then, I thank God for video tape. Suzanne, do you apologize for your time? I've never used my rights and stuff and makes a lot of sense. I've gone sweet art. 195 votes in our poll about Madeline, about that Tugod to good. Burn the bloody bitch at the stake on national TV 68 people say that including us. Burn that bitch. Probation only 38, probation and loss of custody of her children's 36, a year in jail 22, no punishment spare the rod and spoil the child 16, spare your rod and three years in jail 15. Out of about 200 votes. Now there's a thing in the national post this morning. I was going to say this for later, but I think, you know, now's the time for this by the time story. Child's beating shines light on Irish gypsies. Which I had also got a confess. I mean gypsies we've talked about and George is always telling you off here about gypsies. This in gypsies, because the only gypsies I'm ready for middle without the gypsies in Europe. Well, just pretend that they're here because they are. No thanks. Like the ones in Rome that stole my credit card thing that time I credit card wall or right out of my pocket. Right, pretend they live across the canal from you. The ones in Rome that are like got their little kids chasing you around and they're holding the placards up any year. Well, Mama Sita is like a bummer wall getting it all there. They're here doing that here. Are they doing that here with like the, were the cardboard today? Well, they have 101 different scams. And by then they're so deaf that they're so clever. By the time they get done, you're lucky if you have any pants on. You're lucky if you have one stitch or clothing left on your body. It's incredible. Child's beating shines light on Irish gypsies writes Michael France Colante. First, whatever his name is, some greaser. In today's the national post. After putting her four year old daughter into the back of the family SUV, Madeline Gorman, too good took a quick look around a parking lot. Just to make sure nobody was watching. But despite her best effort to conceal what she was about to do. Nearly everyone of the television to see what happened that afternoon outside an Indiana department store. Royce surveillance camera captured Mrs. Tugud shaking and slapping her daughter Martha and a violent fit of rage. Yeah, we see it in a few thousand times. Even Mrs. Tugud who later saw the clip on CNN admitted she enacted like a monster. Yesterday the lawyer representing the 25 year old mother of three said his time will likely plead guilty to which her child battery and throw herself on a mercy of the court. But although the contents of the clip are hard to refute, and one point Mrs. Tugud stopped to take arrest before continuing their beating. Some observers believe the mother's decision to plead guilty has little to do with the infamous tape. The two goods are members of a brando at band of Texas based Irish travelers, a group of no mads who move across the country in search of temporary jobs and quick paychecks. That's paychecks with a QUES. The community police say includes a large number of con artist and petty criminals who spend their lives. The voting public attention, but when Mrs. Tugud and the spotlight laying low as become nearly impossible. They don't like the attention from the media said, Dirk Moore of the National Association of Bunko investigators and organization dedicated to apprehending transient criminals. Bunko. They don't like to be in the public eye said. Mr. Moore like other law enforcement officials who track Irish travelers stressed that most members are not criminals, but because the legitimate members sometimes cover up for the criminal element, it's difficult to differentiate between the two. It's a close that family group, Mr. Moore said, outsiders are not allowed in. Kind like the mafia guests right. Irish travelers are descendants of an ethnic group called the Irish Tinkerers who came to the United States during the 18th and years to escape the potato famine. They even go to Wendy's. They got some great potatoes. Sour cream chives. Since then, generations of travelers have run the country in search of itinerant work today. Most make their way across the country in trailer homes. Living for short, stints in RV parks and motels while seeking out jobs that tend to involve painting, paving and roofing. I wonder if that guy who comes every year and paves my driveways. You think he's a traveler? I don't know. You seem like an ice guy. What does he have to do it every year? Because he needs to be done every year. Mine doesn't. Well, mine does. And he does a good job. Don't be knocking my a paving guy, okay? Okay? He might be listening right now for what you know. Why come and get your little greasy guy or just got a radio to his trailer? How about he does? And his van, he drives a van. Police have ever say some Irish travelers, prey on the elderly, can they go to the conning they may maintain thousands of dollars for honest history work or jobs they never get finished. My canes, a retired Dallas police, a ticket who spent most of his career tracking travelers, said a one-case investigator, 85-year-old woman woke up to three men hammering away on a roof. When she went to see what was going on the mentor, she had called them the week before and asked him to fix the shingles. Detective Haynes said the men would not leave until she handed over $13,000 for the work they had already done. Work in quotes. In another case, Detective Haynes said a group of Irish travelers were per day, a group for a 95-year-old blind woman who lived in the house that resembled a shack. A charge there $65,000 for the job. A house wasn't worth the what the roof cost he said. Mrs. Tubod's clan of Irish ships, he's known as the Greenhorn Carole, did you know that? Nope, you do now. Mrs. Tubod's clan of Irish ships, he's known as the Greenhorn Carole's are based in Texas, and are well owned a police detective Haynes said. Mrs. Tubod was wanted on two other warrants before being charged with child battery. Authorities in Texas said she did not pay $22 traffic tickets. She received the name and failed to appear in court to face unrelated theft charges. The culture is very secretive said Joe Livingston, a senior agent with the South Carolina law enforcement division, who's investigated Travis for 18 years. They just had to stay on the move and on the lamb. I didn't you say that a lot of marks out here, line? That's their main on-clave. The largest concentration of them in the United States. But for Mrs. Tubod staying on the lamb was impossible this time on September 13, the young mother reportedly tried to return some items that caused department store in Michigan, Indiana, but the clerk refused. According to Don Wright, author of the 1996 book, Scam, some Irish travelers make money by shoplifting and returning the stolen items for a refund, which is exactly what little George's told us yesterday. Yep. A typical Irish traveler, woman or team of women, there were usually two of them operating as a team, and we'll generate about $2,000 a day in revenues that way. $2,000 a day tax free. That's about $7,000 a day. That's about $7,000 a day. See you. Tax free. Mrs. Tubod's lawyer says she was upset because Martha was misbehaving in the store, opening toys and wandering away. Whatever the reason, Mrs. Tubod was extremely angry once she left the store, that anger culminated in a 25-second beating that shocked even the most hardened social workers. Nearly a week later, local police had a leads to the police. The police had a lead to the police. She was a lawyer who was badly hurt and released the video and the whole day to generate some leads. On Saturday, while of course you've been making $700,000 a year tax free, even by whatever kind of car you want. On Saturday, overwhelmed by the public backlash against her, Mrs. Tubod hired a lawyer and turned herself in. She even appeared on some talk shows, reiterating the fact that all of us she hit her daughter in the back and pulled her here. She didn't punch her. My children ate abuse and Mrs. Tubod. Inesfree, on $5,000 bail, they ate battered. They ate abuse and they ate battered. And they ate all bad. Don't forget, English is her second language. But yesterday after dozens of cameras followed her in an out-of-the-court, the young mother refused to talk. Her lawyer said she's concentrating on the fight to have her daughter who was currently in foster care, headed back to her family. Detective Hainesau, whoever believes Mrs. Tubod liked the rest of her community, just wants the whole specter to go away and they figure out a side out of mind. Mr. White said that when some Irish travelers who've been based in the Southern US began moving to Canada about a decade ago, they quickly realized Canadians were not familiar with their scams. They were really successful in Ontario, and then they spread out through the rest of the country since then they've gone all the way to Alaska. Like Johnny Horton would say, North to Alaska. Remember that great song? Yep. North to Alaska, middle Johnny Horton, as he's still dead, you're killed dead. Damn it. See, here's the guy we should have put on ice, Johnny Horton, not Ted Williams. Who'd have needs Ted Williams? He had a, he was a star post, you know? He used to shoot pigeons with babies at Fenway Park and brag about it. Oh, you know something I'm looking out on my balcony right now? Nothing, go ahead, head of point. Get a good head on his shoulders. 10.56 and 5.60 WC, we got Jim Manish coming up from Schuillis, stay two and one o'clock. Hank over, get three. The Humphers back, thank God. Man who's saving the summer book for us with Patrick Sertain between five and six. That should do it. Marlins on deck. It's almost over. Marlins on deck. 6.30 Marlins at the Spose. 705 should have a gigantic tune in audience for that. Any cave to that, a board of baseball game, and the journey going overnight, Joe and Mark. Why do I always say going? I don't know. Why? Only one of them is. If your carpets look like crap, and maybe don't smell too good either. Here's the answer for you, dry concepts. Pick up the phone and call one of these numbers very, very soon. And in no time at all, the people that dry concepts, the experts will have your carpets look like brand new no matter how hopeless they look feel and smell right now. In power 9.543707778, in data Palm Beach, it's toll free. 182.48071. They show up exactly on time. They give you a written guaranteed price before they start to job. And when they finish, your carpets dry in a couple of hours. They smell like any fresh. Look just like brand new. And you'll have a gigantic smile on your post. It's guaranteed. I've been using them for over 20 years. In my home. I'm like, I always tell you, everybody. I know it's got any smarts at all. They give these people a try and they're like always very, very ecstatic. And they have never used anybody else again. And once you call them, you'll never do it either. It also do besides cleaning your carpets and making a look just brand new. A.S.Dupenus Unbeatable Job Affirmator cleaning and drape cleaning and spot dying. Fiber protection, carpet repairs, intent, or renal ruckservous second and none. The authorization and if a flood hits your house complete water damage restoration too. If you want a guaranteed stupenus job at a guaranteed fantastically reasonable price, these are the folks to call dry concepts. In power here's that number again, 9.543707778, in data or Palm Beach toll free. 1-800-2-4-85071. That's 1-800-2-4-85071 clean today and retain tonight with dry concepts. My and local year sports video 560-US UAE. I don't have a stain on my shirt. Oh my god, what is that? That's doggy-doo. Oh my gosh, clearly shurn! Let's get that off. You're taking my shirt off. He just dumped the shirt right into orange clean. It's not coming out. Ooh, that's never happened. Oh, I can't get out of my house. Let me get those pesky nose hairs out with the go for it. The amazing creature. Is that for no hair? No, no, but you can use the verno's hair. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Tommy, what is going on here? Dad, I have no idea. I'm Billy Maze. Oh, really I had your rookie car just worth a fortune. Oh, no, Billy Maze. I'm fat and I'm white and I have a beard. Oh, well then I don't know who you are. What are you doing here, my out? I'm here to get that dead out of your car. There's no dead in my car. Oh, what you put in dead in my car? Watch this. The amazing ding can remove that dead. It's still there. Now you can't see it. It's not you can see it. There's a dead there. There's no dead. Yeah, there's a dead. There's going to be a dead near cranium. This is Billy Maze for the amazing foot repair kit. There's nothing else my foot. You got to fix my girl. What did you drop down with? Fire to foot pain. Yes, I would. This cream on. Oh, how's that feel? Feels no friction. Different all. That you're just giving a minute. This is Billy Maze. You have amazing products. Get him out of here. If he is one of the most disgusting annoying people on a face of the globe, you know, hope. Billy Maze, you've never seen those informers. No. You've never seen him. No. What about Carlos? You've seen him? Oh, yeah, I watched all the informers. There's shows. I'm serious. That's serious. Hi, I'm Billy Maze for an orange clean is one of the ones he does. And you know, they're going to send you 80, 700 bottles of this orange peel crap and pretty soon your whole body is going to smell like a walking orange, you know, guys annoying. That's exactly the stuff that he sells is pretty good. I'm not saying it's not good. I have no idea because I would never buy anything from it and from her. Again, after getting burned a couple of times, I've all of those juices from the juicy man. Anybody want it? It's sitting in a closet somewhere in my house. Does it work? It worked the first time till it got broken. Like I said, it worked about a half the first time until it broke itself. And then of course, there's always Ryan Pope peel and our spaghetti making machine. Yeah, I remember that thing. I like to throw that away because it was taken up space about 40 cents worth of plastic. Oh, the machine, the air is seen like I told you everything would run. Pope peel. He calls a machine. I will say his rotisserie thing and you notice they keep on plugging it because it's the first decent thing he's ever made his life. Yeah, making more money than God. You know, I was just thinking they're doing the break. And the reason that I came back kind of awkward was because I was in a fold my money guy. By and stock. Not. I was just checking to make sure we know where my money is because he tends to be a little bit. Little like that. Good guy, but little. So anyway, I was in a phone with him on my cell phone. But I was thinking during that break that are engineering department or sales department have so much in common. And maybe it's because it's QAM. Do you ever stop in the good about that? Yeah. Yeah. They had something in common as they don't give a crap. They're inept and they don't give a crap. Like the thing with the phones again. Oh, look at this. We got to phone the dots are up again. And we have to go through another embarrassing, which you have to make a big joke out of it. Make a whole stick in a bit out of it because they can't get anything to work with this guy damn deal. The amazing part of it is when we first started doing shows from up here. The phone worked fine. Remember that? Yeah, of course. I had a little bit of trouble. I mean, the equalization was a little bit off. I had a little trouble hearing about the headphones. A little bit of a phone worked. It worked okay. But now that we are going backward, we're regressing. Just like this business with Sunday nights. Every Monday morning I come in here. There's no audio feed. Air v-stick in Monday morning during football season. If it bet your life on, in fact, I'll bet Greg's life on it right now. Okay. Then I'll come in here next Monday morning. There'll be no audio feed coming from down here from QA. Because there's just big, nobody gives a crap. See, now I'm in a very dangerous situation right now. I think it's because I took a couple of calls this morning. I'm starting actually care again about stuff. And I shouldn't be doing that. That's a great bet. If you're going to be a QA, you have to stop doing that. That's the first rule. Carlos, I'm much at learning that way now. Especially since you run a payroll for like 48 cents an hour. Net is don't give a crap. Don't start being conscientious. Don't care about doing a good job. Don't care. Like this morning, we didn't get on the air. I couldn't hear what was going on the last minute there. Forget about it. Don't care about it. See what I'm saying? I'll do my best. You hear? No. Excellent. See, there's a quick learner for it. Quick study. You don't give a crap. And by the way, Carlos, you're fired. No, no, seriously. He doesn't give a crap. And that's why you should do it. Bus because people are trying to be conscientious. You're just banging your head against the wall. It's slough. It's radio slough. And we're making all of this money. We got spots up the old. Oh, right. Ah, break them. And so why don't you do that here? Show us old out. George, you know, maintains those marginal numbers in the summertime. Hangs on by his toenails. I think that's pretty amusing. The fact. Of course, keep in mind now. That's many, 18 plus not 2554. We can't get that breakdown. I'm just the trends. Now, another, another three and a half weeks or so when a whole summer book comes out then then we're going to find out when push comes to show. As he, my one number took. See enough, I'm back now. See, you keep saying that. You know, you are the worst rationalizer ever seen in my life. First of all, this is a guy who says to me two years ago. You know, it was last year. Last summer, I come back. And he says, oh, you know, arbitrage got this problem. They can't find our audience in the summertime. And then when you come back, they overcompensate and they boost your numbers up. I mean, what kind of a person says something like that? That's pretty, that's pretty damn close to what you said. They overcompensate when Neil comes back. So, in other words, not the audiences coming back. Not you can actually see the graph on our website. On the hits on our website every day, if you want to stop being in denial and you can go on or you got it right there and Funny, you can check the stats on the web. Huh? I have. It's a graph. It's a chart. It's not a complete accurate thing. It's an indication of how many people are listening out there. George, you don't have to take it personally. I don't. Because that everybody wants to talk about looking fecal matter with their tongue. Not everybody wants to hear about that every day. Once a week might be okay, all right. But a steady diet of that can lead not only to physical deterioration, but also to mental deterioration as well. So quit doing it. At least talking about it. I mean, you want to look all you want. You can look ass. Rectome. What do you like? And then you'll start saying, I don't know. Then you won't have any numbers when you start saying that. Look what happened to him. I'm getting a headache from the show today. I already have had a headache. All it's all my own mistake from from that experiment with the phone. I took the pull yesterday. If I if I resires their quick study like Carlos, I would learn immediately the message is their very satisfied with the show the way it is right now. And you want to know why? Why? Because everybody who voted not a police today, we had almost we had over a thousand votes by the time I boosted up their the end. We had over a thousand votes. Those people are all listening. Right. How do you like that? There's some shows in the market doing a thousand people listening altogether for getting votes on a guy damn website, which most people can't vote anyway because they are well blows. Are we ever going to do anything about that? About AOL? No, no about that. That's the two way. In fact, that most people can't vote on our polar every day. We'll get 75, 80,000 hits on there. And you know, 6,700 votes because most people can't vote. They click it on. They can see the result, but if they have AOL, most people can't vote. If there's anybody with the 75 block radius who are already voted, it blocks them out. Right? Right. Well, that blows. No, we're not going to do anything about that. AOL blows. Are we going to do anything about the audio? Did they ever settle that thing with the talent? With the, um, not that we would know. I guess they never did. They settled what they owe the broadcast.com that business. Yeah, they're about to commercial love. The people do the commercials. I wanted to get paid for a banning spot. Like for a matchup, we're still not running them. No, I'm not asking whether we're running or not. I'm asking whether they settled it. I don't know. In fact, we're not running them. Just means it. You know, we're locked in to be in lazy. Don't know. Thank you. Okay, 10 passed 11 at 5, 60 WKM. I'm going home. Oh, that's right. I am home. I feel like that guilty thing. You know, I keep playing the guilty thing on that noon to one hour. I can't stop myself. They're just certain things that I feel compelled to play. The spirit of Christ compels me like that Mickey Mustang with, um, I'm sure the audience is tired of it. Not that I've played it that many times. It's a long bit. But the Mickey Mustang with eyes narrowened with a blueboard on my shoulder and uncle Remus. It's just, I'm sorry. I just can't help myself. It's kind of like, it's like that. I just can't stop. And from the rumors, I'm hearing around a building down there is everybody's going around and building all day long, singing, yo yo yo. Let's rape more. Which I think is very disrespectful when you come right down to it. Don't you? Both that are significant number of longer-range missiles were effectively concealed from the previous inspectors and remain, including up to 20 extended-range scuttle missiles. Missile, don't you love the way he said that aren't you impressed? Missile. I used to like that Tony Blurrittal. I realized that Bush had make it pictures of him in a billi-goat. Or maybe it was Prince Charles. It looked like a billi-goat. Anyway, it's 11 past ago, and I guess I'll do the break. I don't know. I'm just so out of sync since we took those calls and since I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm burnout on technical experiments that don't work on this mother-eppen radio stick. You know what I'm talking about? Everything has to be a big song to dance. It's not that complicated. We had to work in here before. We had the full work and from Amsterdam for Christ's sake. I couldn't hear a guy damn thing, but it worked once upon a time. Remember that? The holya. And then I've been at Lee a whole bunch of things got changed around down there, but don't bother tell us about it. Because you know that nearly changes his mind all the time. But let's blame this on Muff because Muff was the one who was insisted on. And addition to which, remember last week Muff sends me that note about after the show could I stick around and talk to a mini Bob, George Corso, aka mini Bob, our junior engineer there. And I was going to like, we do this thing on a, that would have been some experiment. Remember that? Get off you tough. Yeah. I mean, here's a great engineer that comes in here yesterday, and he's been in half hour of his life on the forwardest guy. And Stoke can get us straight now because the problem wasn't on this end. And he's refiguring this and putting the numbers they have been invented. I could never have done that. I could never even crawl on the floor here and stuck the goddamn keyboard back in a computer. Because I just don't know where to stick it. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Might as well. Twelve minutes ago, look at this, you're reacting to a Tony Blair. That in mid 2001, there was a step change in the program. We advised Mr Blair to pass on his dossier to Unmovec and the IAEA for proper assessment. And soon enough, the truth will come out. We had already invited Mr Blair before he revealed his dossier to send any number of British experts for the necessary due duration to assess on the ground, the validity of his so-called evidence. To this program. But they've only slowed its progress. I love it. See more than just bedtime stories. We got news in the making. Tony Blair is debating the Syracchi Scom back. 11.13 at 5.60. We want to get into my first deal with the smart way. Like I've been instructing you folks for the last 70 years now. And some of you got wise. A lot of you got wise, haven't only because they love me at Dalama. And that's what the fat boy always says when I ask him about new copy. Oh, they love you. They love you. Where are we? That's always the cop out from our sales department. And then he writes up a bunch of stuff about I can't wait to get back to South Los Angeles. So I can sleep on my regular Dalama. Forget about it. Just forget about them. Forget about them. Forget about the engineers. Let's just enjoy life. Okay. Like the hump, we say. Life is sweet. Just forget about it. Is now a mole. He says too. Just forget about it. So he want to get in brand new name brand. Actress unbeatable price and tremendous delivery service. But likes of what you almost never heard of in your life before. And Dalama, for so the people you want to do business with. Just call 1 800 mattress. 1 800 mA TTR ES. Talk it over with the bedding expert. They'll hook you up with exactly the brand name and the kind of mattress you're looking for the size, the firmness, etc. And they got the best in the world. They got service, see me, cinnamon, king coil. Only top brand name actresses. No crap. And they deliver to you when you want when you're going to be home any day of the week. Any tour. I wonder that's convenient for you. And they give you that 30 day in home comfort trial to try it out the real way by sleeping on it and doing your thing. So be smart this time. Call Dalama actress right now. You'll thank me in the long run. Call 1 800 mattress. Like I always do 1 800 mA TTR ES. Or check them out on the web if you prefer at mattress.com. My life. And whoa. This is 4 3056. 2 2 1 2 1. Yeah. Sturmary Catherine. Jesus. Describe. Stop. Ow. Ow ow I don't want to. Divide your arms and make me helpless too much. If you put the st suppose Department order over Manor, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, why do I am always afraid, can't make anything sighed after them so much, don't worry, and properly what will happen to Grant Carnier who is Model Five? I already what I want! I don't care! But believe me, they make me flip my wig made as smelly green hair. I got fired myself and even happens to the Greeks. Westwood once said you get out of here, we break your legs. So now I sit by the fool life since good as it gets. With my paladin cocktail placing bets on the gens, who doubted I. Paradise, I don't kiss nobody's ass in paradise. I'll be sure that the screw gets when I get the gens, but the pleases aren't ready with my line green band. I won't hesitate, Kelly calling you Blake. It was just a little thought, so what I left this day. I think that's funny when I know the same was funny. I can do what I want, but the man is with loves me. Can I tell you something mo, something you ought to know? But a long is time, I wanted you to be my dog. You're my type pal, now I have to be a pal now. Who, who do you do? I don't take no for an answer to that. What it's, not you. What you're, I don't know, but I think, who do you do? Who do you do? Who do you do? Who do you do? Who do you do? Who do you do? Who do you do? Who do you do? Scratch it, who do you do? Yeah, yeah. 11, 20, at 5, 60, W to Q, I am. Happy Tuesday, to you. I like Bruce Williams to say, Happy Tuesday, to you. What are the great broadcasters of all time? Not, hey Mike Webster died. You just asked me this? Yeah, who? Hall of Fame Center helped the Steelersman for Superb Bulls. Die today at the age of 50. He died at Allegheny, General Hospital, in Pittsburgh of a heart attack. Was elected the prophet Paul Hall of Fame in January of 1997. I inducted seven months later July 26. How do you like that? Born in Tomahawk was constant March 1852 when I'm to be an all-ten big center for the badges before being granted by the Steelers, playing more season 15 in more games to identify the A other player in Pittsburgh, history even more than Franco Harris. How do you like them, Apple? Sock, Mike Webster is dead. Shocking. Kind of young. 50. Heart attack. You know, there are a lot of jobs who like mine are going with, and they just, they die. 254 votes in our poll and a lot of you people would like to see old Tomahawk, Tomahawk, they're a die, too good, whatever her name is, that bitch, the child who's been bitch. What should be the punishment for Madeline and Gorman? Too good. I can't even say that. I don't, I just, my tongue doesn't want to rub, blurt that out, too good. Too bad to be true. The woman caught on tape beating her for a little, for your little girl that Indiana, that, uh, tinker, tinker. Burn the bitch of the steak on national TV, 90 people, 35 and a half percent say, burn the bitch. Yeah. You're right, I sure. She might as well make use of that, because it has so little other use that Hopkins dropping. What do we do with people like her? Burn the bloody bitches. There you go. Ha ha ha ha ha. Nice going, Tom. How is he doing by the way? We ever hear from him again? Not lately. Here's a guy I, my hats off to him, a great news guy, a good guy. And he just finally got out of the business. He took off and he went to like South America somewhere, said school of this. You know, good for you, Tom. Hope he's doing well. Maybe he's in Costa Rica. Maybe he's hanging out with the, the bug man, you know? Oh, it's bigger the bug man. We got no more ants. Thanks Steve. Don't call us. We'll call you. You know what I mean? What do you mean? I mean Steve, the bug man did a good job. But we don't want to talk to Richard. He talks to him. He's slow. He's strange. He's a little bit. Maybe all bug people are strange. You know what? I don't know. Maybe it's the poison. Probation only for the bitch 50. Probation in loss of custody of her children 45. One year in jail 29, three years in jail 24. No punishment. Spear the rod and spoil the child. 21. 21 of you lunatic shot there. I knew we'd get some votes on it. It's such as the crank. There's a lot of people. I said that I think that a pair of people just beat the crap on. It's one thing they give the kid a snack. You know what I'm saying? But he's just beat the bloody crap on it. I know you're rolled out of here. It'll be banging on it. And with that honor, like some kind of a little sad damn dog. I'm a mint pin. No. No. Maybe they got a point, you know. While Madeleine, a little girl just didn't get the stuff. She was supposed to get so they could return it and get the money for it. Right. And she missed out on her assignment. Broward election Steve, speaking of missing out on your assignment. Broward election Steve signs away power in the wake of bustle election. This is hysterical. Broward County election supervisor Miriam Elephant, seated virtually all control over orifice and local elections in a compacty sign. Yesterday in response to criticism that she bungled these September 10th primary. You blew it, Miriam. Okay. You blew it. All lecture responsibilities and all personnel and budget decisions will now be the responsibility of a professional administrator that state and local political leaders urged her to hire Joe Cotter. Remember him used to play for the exit for the Blue Jays. No. Cotter had run the offices day-to-day operations and her elephants predecessor but left in January. Cotter's employment contract leaves Elephant as little more than a figurehead for their main door of her first German office. It runs through November 2004 after the next presidential election, Oive, and after Elephant will have to stand for reelection. Her only direct duties will be to hire administrative assistant, choose the offices, lawyer and dole out voter outreach money. If she interferes with Cotter, he can quit and collect his annual salary of $105,000. So while we can say, welcome back, Cotter. Their extraordinary deal aims to keep Elephant and Cotter from sniping in each other publicly. If Elephant makes any derogatory remarks, Cotter's intent away severage package, Cotter could lose his job if he says anything negative about Ms. Elephant. The contract with Cotter is part of the steps Elephant agreed to take last week, rather than face the prospect of being removed from Orphus from his conduct because of the widespread lesson problems. In addition, Cotter administrators will manage the polls on November 5 as a personal birthday present to me. Elephant makes a hundred twenty-two grand year supervisor and a spokesman said he didn't know how she would cover Cotter's new salary. She has a payroll of some $3 million with 14 employees making more than 50 grand a year. Another employee, Walter Foman, is listed as deputy supervisor has salary in 95,000, and their four assistant supervisors make between 85 and 60 grand. Of course, if water serves on the jury wouldn't he be the foeman? Elephants lawyer, Robert Bushall. Every name in here is got like a bit waiting, you know what? Robert Bushall, I guess, that his cast a contract is no different than Cotter's responsibilities before Jane Carroll returned as a lesson supervisor in 2000. He said Elephant has legal authority to sign over the duties because she ultimately remains responsible under state law. And if she has the same bucks that presalt in the next election as she did in the last one, I tell you what we're going to like put her on TV too. We'll make you a start to a mariam elephant. This is more of her relationship between Cotter and her than Cotter and the citizens of Robert County, Bushall said the buck stops with her even though he has substantial authority. These September 11 election as we all know tuned into a disaster as polls open late and closed early voters received an accurate registration information. Uncoded votes were found after initial tallies were sent to the state. Neither Elephant nor Cotter could be reached for comment of course yesterday, but Cotter previously told the South Florida Sun Sentinel that he thought he could have the election system ready in Tavernor and we're all given the help that's been offered. So we're hoping to say we got our fingers and legs crossed. And by the way, what's his name? What's the voltage of James Carville on Crossfire last night, which I hate to show what I saw about five minutes? Had some great things, Governor Jeff Bush is the biggest bummer bummer, the worst of any of the 50 states in a country. And the idea that he should be given another four years is so grow test and unthinkable on something that's acceptable that almostifies words even from a lunatic like him. How do you like that, huh? The worst bummer bummer of the mall. We got him! As we continue being consistent, maybe not good, but we're consistent. 26 to after 11 at 5, 60-light Tony Blair, we're consistent. The capability being developed, incidentally, is the multi-pathist use. Good. Hey, with your busy lifestyle, you need all the energy you can to feel healthy, and that's why we urge you to start pop and olio-med, start poppin' it and the olio-med too. Because it's good for you. It's got the best olive oil anywhere in a planet pure olive oil in there along with all kinds of other good stuff. And those little soft chill capsules you just pop in your post. There are vitamins in there, minerals in there, or bubbles in there. God only knows what's in there. And they have one product specifically designed to help your heart. One for your blood pressure, cholesterol and prostate. One for a circulatory system. There's a product up your digestive and endocrine. All using the benefits of pharmaceutical rate olive oil and only a made-makes products for men. One for your ladies out there too designed for your various stories. Picks them up today that's all over town. You'll find it at the Whole Food Market. So you'll find the Olimented Wall Greens of course. Sananos and the Barrow Pharmacies. If you'd like the more information about their sensational products and how they can help you in the way you feel, this called our toll free number. One, eight, six, six, Oreo Med. That's one, eight, six, six Oreo Med. You can order their products online too. If you like it, all you'll met America.com. You can order them online online and all this is for 205-60. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You can order them online too. You like Hank and Jim is says but as soon as I hear who do you think the fizzled rap in 2007 or what's the over and under on the under is it over is I have to change the channel and then of course it's the same crap of songs over and over again on the FM. I'm big dick 106. So if we thank you very much especially for that last sentence they're Joe so quick quick lunch. Thank you. We love don't we love Joe? A lot. A lot. Bom Threat stops trained you know this story? No. Well it's another bedtime story from Uncle Neil. In fact that's why Book of Brian is crowed up on his little couch just like mirror Relic Warty was reading stories on the radio. A main allegedly made a bomb threat of ordinary amtrak train forcing it to stop for more than two hours an amtrak spokeswoman said. These Chicago Will and Oye bomb capital limited with 104 past use of 15 crew members made the unscheduled stop Sunday. In McKeysport, Pennsylvania this Pittsburgh suburb. While you know McKeysport? Nope. Why not? Never been to Pittsburgh? Nope. Don't. It's okay. In his Pittsburgh suburb while if the officials and a bomb sniffing dog serves a train for explosive set-and-trak spokeswoman. Carina Van Veen. None was found if the I special agent Bill Crowley said Raymond Lamont Smith no relation to Dave Lamont. 27 allegedly told someone aboard the train he had a bomb Crowley said. Police arrested Smith who had not standing more than Georgia unarmed related drug charge. Crowley said Smith's last known address could not immediately be determined. Authorities were determining whether to file federal local charges. Passengers and crew members were allowed to report the training continue on a Chicago nearly four hours behind schedule. Because some scumbags says I got an abamba. I need like that. He's a third. Speaking of third burgers. The Guardian. The British Guardian. The Lord of the Good Series come out of the British papers. Okay. Because they're not quite as twisted around as a lot of our publications here. So if you're killed boy and cold blood say British volunteers. This isn't today's Guardian. A 13 year old Palestinian boy was deliberately shot dead by an Israeli soldier without any provocation. So he took British human rights volunteers who witnessed the incident. And Israeli army spokesman confirmed last night that an inquiry had been launched. I was with three other international volunteers in a street on Nablus on Sunday with Baha Al-Bash, who often tags along with the so-one of the witnesses who gave his first name as Al. There had been some stone throwing. I hope his last name isn't Kaira. Dervenson stone throwing tags in armored personnel carries which enforce the curfew. It happens frequently in our practice as the stand-up to side to observe. We always make sure the Israelis can see us and we don't stand with the kids as it can encourage them. He said the incident appeared to be over and the people of the Spursman. And armored personnel carry your stop nearby. I heard a single shot and Baha was lying on the ground. His eyes glazed and budged during the come out of his mouth. It was clear he had no chance. An ambulance came within two minutes and he died in a high velocity bullet had destroyed his left lung. Al, who declined to give a surname because of the problems he sees volunteers face at the airport when they leave Israel, has been working in Nablus for about six weeks. This is the worst thing I've seen in my time here. He says actually it's the worst thing I've seen in my life. There was no way Baha could have been a threat with soldier 120 yards away with a flat jacket and a helmet sitting in an APC. He had nothing in his hands and even if he had a stone, couldn't have thrown it effectively from that distance. I went back today and measured this in exactly. The shot was not a ricochet as far as I'm concerned. And these people are child killers whether or not they were aiming at the boy that was no reason to shoot. Another of the four volunteers, you would jazzoitz, 24 from London said, an armored personnel carrier came and stopped on the left side of the street. A soldier popped up from inside of some of his rifle he aimed at some kids on the street. There was no stone throwing or shooting going out of the time. She said then in a month's bed with Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza Strip, she had often seen soldiers trained gun sights on people without further incident. This time was different. This soldier fired. It wasn't accidental. The soldier decided to kill him. And his ready spokesman said the army was trying to determine what happened. The first assessment was that an army patrol saw child lighting a fire bomb, which then said him on fire. But until we have better information, I can't comment he said. A doctor had her video hospital in the obelisade teenager was killed by a bullet, which entered through the shoulder and penetrated his chest. And of course on the heels of that, US abstains in security counsel vote on medieval resolution. But I guess we're supposed to be lawting the US for not at least vetoing it. The US decided not to veto a security counsel resolution calling for his world of a drop in Palestinian cities, clearing the way for its passage early today, and handing a diplomatic bill to the Palestinians. The resolution which passed 14 to zip with America abstaining was negotiated by the European Union and cobbled together with language from competing US and Europe proposals. The resolution that we've adopted this evening was flawed in our view that it failed to explicitly condemn the terrorist groups, and those who provide them with political cover support and safe haven in perpetuating conflict in the Middle East, deputy US ambassador James Cunningham said. But the vote was evict for the Palestinians and their Syrian backers on the 15 member security counsel, Arafat Spoltzman Nabal Abu Radhina called the Voda Stepan-Aright direction. I believe the suspension from the United States is a clear criticism of Israel and its actions on the ground and reveals their decision's fashion with Israel and its measures. Israeli, U.N. Ambassador, you who'd have liked recently, was his abstention to be seen in a lot of Washington's desire to preserve good and national relations. I had a possible military action against Iraq. And of course, to preserve that Jewish vote, any of that they might get in the November elections. Oh, sorry, I didn't say that. Did I say that? I didn't hear anything. Okay. Oh, Blair outlines Iraq oven. The sound think we need to do this story when we got it. It is clear. But on the significant number. Yeah, I should play the little thing that before he says it is clear. I should play that little blurb on this tape. But it's just a fluke. Is how it came out. Yeah. That's just how it came out. It's kind of like a little three-stood distinct there before Tony starts speaking. Where is he going? It is clear. He gets it. It's seven dwarves isn't it? In fact, it wouldn't have been something if right after that little sound, Tony Blair would have started speaking and going. Like that. That would have been great. Well, we'll get to him in a second. We got a lot of other bedtime stories for you here. And of course, we got Jim Manish coming up from Schulestake, too. I want to say afternoon the highly rated Hank Goldberg. He'll be able to say, thank you. Hopefully he picked us up with his big fats as feathers and yank this station right up by his bootstraps. Nice going. Thank God for the humpar during those horrible summer months. George has changed the audience away with those grotesque ass stories. And of course, he just changed the way period they came back. Is what it looks like to me. I could be wrong, but I don't think so. In fact, we did a little research this morning. We looked through somebody old books. The worst team was never had any gigantic numbers. But yeah, they were like mediocre advice, but nevertheless, Mo, I think maybe setting new lows before he's done with. How low. In fact, that's the question people are asking all around the market now. Around the radio market. How that this new trend just came out yesterday. How low can Mo go? That seems to be the question. And I don't think anybody's got the answer yet. I don't think we've, you know what they talk about like on Wall Street about retesting the lows. Yeah. I think that's what we're doing on a morning show. We're retesting the lows from like back when John Moyni-Hen was there. And some of the other weak needs sisters they had in a morning. Twenty till noon at five, sixty WDQM if you have weak needs, you need good shoes. That makes sense to you. Of course. Or if you're like Tom Walling and you got big feet. And what time is the issue on tonight's small bill? 8 or 9. Oh, let me check. How you going to check? I got a thing here. Okay. You better look in your thing. I forgot. And I apologize for that because this is one thing I should definitely know. I can't afford to miss smallville. That's the end of me. And of course, this episode tonight is going to be so heavy. Doody, man. We got that red pickup truck with Lana in his flying through the air. And the Clark has got to save her ass. And then the meantime, we got the little spaceship is like hovering in midair. They're in suspended animation. Like Larry King. 9 o'clock 9 o'clock tonight on WB. Smallville. Be there or be square. Or like Dick and Bracid. Let's go out of B-squared. Can you believe he said that? No. A lot of you burn steam. Let's go down the B-squared. That's frickin dick and Brac. Time to hang it up, Dick. Okay. Once you get past the 80 of a hundred times to say bye bye. Thanks a lot. I'll tell you a place where you'll say hi. I'm glad to see you. Hi. And that's Brandy Shoes and Pompatobitch. Brandy is a great place to shop because they treat you right. They know your feet inside. And I think I've got unbeatable selection and they got all the top names. They got the top names like I said rock ports, which are some of the best in the world. S.A.S. Spirits, Timberland Naturalizer and lots more as well. So you can just about be guaranteed whichever style you're looking for to suit you when you're walking. They'll have your size and stock even if you got gigantic big feet like Tom Welling or little teeny tiny feet like the beast. Then the beast have small feet. I never looked. I would think so. And of course when you weigh 600 pounds like the beast, you can't afford to have small feet. It's bad for support. Anyway Brandy is an open daily 9 to 9 every Sunday, 10 to 5. And they're still going strong and that's in great location. You've known them and loved them in for years now. 1290 more federal highway in Paparobaet and the good news for you is the final summer clear ons close out. Blowing. Even though it's not officially summer anymore, it's the fall. Forget about that. The close out continues at Brandy's for a select group of famous brands up to 73% savings right now. It continues for a third week at Brandy Shoes in Paparobaet. So my local V6 is 560. There are years on yours now. I'm QA in. 25x. I listen to you Rogers because I can hear the word asshole. I don't want to say the mother fuck up. I don't want to say the mother fuck up. You're. I don't want to say the mother fuck up. You're. I don't want to say the mother fuck up. I racked the crappy little country. I was like no more national mistakes. Just get rid of that. You're in drinking jubbing and blow up the whole goddamn place. Oh, yeah. God of who changed the mother fuck up. God of who changed the mother fuck up. God of who changed the mother fuck up. God of who changed the mother fuck up. God of who changed the mother fuck up. God of who changed the mother fuck up. God of who changed the mother fuck up. God of who changed the mother fuck up. So funny. Where outlines are rack evidence. I'm not going to waste a lot of time with this because he had no one. Nothing new. I saw his speech this morning. There was no smoking gun. His dossier that he released today is 55 page report based on intelligence and new ones and spectators reports. Said Iraq's weapons and mass destruction program is active detail in growing. The dossier claims Iraq is continue to produce chemical and biological agents. Go on up military plans for the use of chemical and biological weapons. Try to acquire from Africa material and technology for the production of nuclear weapons. Elite all that we don't know whether they got it or not. Illegal we tainted up to 20 all who say missiles with the range of 650 kilometers, which is uh, about 300 and some odd miles capable of carrying chemical or biological warheads. The gun developing ballistic missiles with a range of more than 1000 kilometers, which is 600 miles. Learn how to convert. Ali Ali A. R. N. T. Well, it's from the BBC, okay. Learn how to conceal equipment and documentation from weapons and spectators and not only that. Both at a significant number of longer range missiles were effectively concealed from the previous inspectors and remain, including up to 20, extended range scud missiles. That in mid 2001, there was a step change in the program and by this year, it rocks development of weapons with a range of over 1000 kilometers was well underway. And you like that, huh? He's got those missiles and he's a bad dude and of course we look at the G. out of the bottle, we created the Frankenstein monster. And now we've got to like get rid of it. Get him before he gets us is the message. Write it election time. And you know something speaking of Eric in our website? Yes. As marginal as it is, it could be a lot better. Eric does a great job for us. He's a busy guy, but he makes more money depending on to more people go to our website and visit it. Right. The arrogers.com, any iLROG, errs.niarrogers.com. I keep saying that so he'll make some more money so he can keep eating. But at any rate, it would if there was more interesting stuff on here, I think a lot more people would go check it out like this book for Bitten Truth. I'm astonished that there's nothing about that on there yet. Aren't you? Well, let's do it. For Bitten Truth by John Charles Brissard and Guillame Daske, and of course he has no idea how to pronounce it, but I guess you could probably look it up or we could send it to him, you know? Everybody, everybody ought to be reading this. Except for the course of people that can't handle all these bedtime stories, the emotional cripples out there. I'll watch there are many, because we have people listening to the show that it's just one of here. Just one here that keeps him happy, or maybe once in a while, one of those, or even one of those really gets him out. Or that. And if that doesn't do it, some of the random people. Oh, and speaking of that, that's your hope is witnessing you. It actually is pretty interesting. And the other thing about the traveler, it was a new information. I got it right here when you were last somewhere, you had a man who went to show the hearing. I'm doing a show over here, okay, I read the part that's marked. Did you mark that? No. No, see the person that fasted him marked it, because they knew that that's the part we didn't get to yet. And on the other side. Just relax, just calm down, you can move. High-preud today, because your numbers suck this summer, because you don't a lot of people out there, don't like when you're on. Well, guess what, you did okay. You're still number one. Not by much. Hang an odd by a thread. By a teeny, tiny curly hair. That could've come from somebody's spectrum or someplace else. But nevertheless, hey, number one is number one. You know what I'm saying? It's like letting a horse race. You don't have to win by five lengths. That's why this over and undercrap is a bunch of baloney. See? That's why I never bet on football or any other sporting event. If I got to go to the track and my horse has to win by three lengths for me to catch, I don't think I want to bet. See what I'm saying? Yeah. No, no, seriously, it's stupid. It's what it is. It's stupid. If I'm going to bet a football game, you know, the dolphins and the jets whoever it is, you know, if I pick a team that should be enough, oh, but you've got to cover the spread. See, once you start with a covering the spread crap, that's adding like another wrinkle into it. It would be like saying, oh, you can win a lot of, if you match all six numbers, but only if you have an order. Right? Right? That's ridiculous. Oh, if you win it, if the track you got to win by two and a half lengths in this race, you're going to have to tell the other team to win by two and a half lengths when you come right down with. Very carefully, I guess. If you win by a nose, if you win by that same little hero, I was just talking about that's good enough. You catch winner winner winner, Randy Wapels on the outside. I'll tell you one thing, but I got good racing here in Toronto, man. They handle a crap load of money here at the track, see. And of course, they also, you know what they also have at the attraction on there. I give up slots. Candy. That's one of the reason so many people show up. They have slots. And they break in a crap load of tax money for the province, say. Take in a crap load of cash. They got a great racing man. They got your Chris for stopper, and Randy Wapels, and Mike Sactic, and Tony Kerwood. And Steve Congrin. Huh? I'm going to name them all before I'm done here today. How do you like that? Anyway. So getting back to the Irish nomadic group. Whatever. What do you call them? The tinker. The trowler. The tinker is whatever you call. I call a mass holes. What I call. Yeah. There's more potato. See, this business of hanging on. I'm sorry. It's just like the organized religion crap. Just because you were born into some kind of dysfunctional whatever it was. You know, break out of it. When it's out, break it out. Instead of like spending the rest of your life being limited by whatever you have. What up is it like? This is their angle, their racket. I understand. But that's why I never thought about it that way. I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say I'm going to bring youographers at the Saturday Shift Club, right now I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm starting to say I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say something. Chain raised by this guy, and then I do. All right. All right. With a little banjo, that's what Bob removed told me that night he got a little bit slotted at that Indonesian rasta file and whatever the thing is, awful, just horrible. Anyway, the South Carolina Traverse and O'S the Georgia Boys, the food and Amsterdam sucks by the way, okay, the section that drugs are great, the food blows. In Memphis, they're known as the Mississippi Traverse, speaking by telephone from Columbia South Carolina. Mr. Livingston said the Irish Traverse would devout Catholics and spoke their own language, known as Shelter or Can't, partly based on Gaelic. And of course, when they said to her, they said, stop being your kid on E.C. said, can't. Is that what she said? I should not have not had done that. Turn yourself in, honey. Can't. The biggest single concentration about 3,000 Irish Traverse lives in the town. You were right. Of Belvedere and South Carolina. Boy, you sure know your Traverse, Mr. I'll tell you that. That's not documentary. You don't know your radio program, but you sure know your Traverse. Belvedere, South Carolina, but Traverse around 80% of the time is assuming they get around. Belvedere is known as Murphy's town after a father Murphy, up the settler. I wonder if he was Kimedon. Father or not? They come at home annually for the master's golf permit nearby Augusta, where they bet off they bet on the outcome, Mr. Livingston said. And I get you, uh, here it is, they bet they're not going to be in a women plane in it. The Irish Traverse do cocking and roof work and paint varns. Some of them are good business people, but take advantage of elderly people a lot. Mr. Livingston said they were also English travelers in the US who went around to a big construction jobs with heavy equipment and Scottish travelers who worked on waterproofing and house repairs. Scottish travelers, what if they were a kills? Only on Sunday. Before the incident, Ms. Tubman and her husband, John, a contractor been living in Mishawaka for about six months. The greenhorn carols made news in January 2000 when five of their young male members were killed in the crash on Interstate 30 and Fort Worth. The accident shocked authorities when they discovered that none of the boys was older than 14 and four were carrying false drivers licenses, misrepresenting their ages. Sounds like a bunch of Mr. Goiam and Mr. Walk and Amiz, what it sounds like on it? Gamsters, camp thieves. Exactly. Which you see the British is always more colorful and right to the point right. Mr. Goiam, that's exactly what that means. If you look up, if you look up, Mr. Goiam, you'll see the whole guy named, uh, two good family right there. Even Dudley, two good isn't it? And we're Dudley, two good? No. Two good for this show. Three hundred and nineteen votes on the pool and you people want a fire ranch right there on TV and I say, Oh, yeah. I'm all I'm with you. I'll tune in. What am I going to all excited about? Limit 56 four minutes still noon. I'm going to set it because it's almost the big noon to one hour. And because we're not going to be taking no calls on the show tomorrow. And of course tomorrow on the noon to one hour, we've got our Wednesday, uh, wackos or Wednesday. What do we call that? I don't know. Just when they want to be about noon to one. One day, wacko from noon to one. Okay. So get the petroleum jelly out and have yourself a one day. Wonderful time. Crank out. New batch. New bound. I don't see that to run and run. That's a lot of the open. Oh, no. Now run and run. Did they steal us from open and Anthony? They must have. Well, how long are we in Anthony been on the air? I don't know. No, I think I think maybe it was the other way around. Run and run. We're doing that batch crap before a Jesus was a baby. New balance of South Florida covers all your athletic and footwear needs. If you need to do, how is the crib? If you need to athletic shoes for cross training, cross dressing, running, walking, weightlifting, rather weak and warrior activities, new balance of South Florida's got your feet covered. Just like they got my feet covered in great style. I love. I'm not exaggerating. I love my new balance shoes. Aren't they? Smithy. Yes. You've seen him. Yep. I'm on my second or third pair right now. The ones with the Velco straps and tremendous souls and great cushion and support. And if you feel like you're walking on here, you feel like you're floating a little bit. It's best if when I get over to church street, eh? New balance of South Florida has a revolutionary concept. And of course, they still measure it the old fashioned way. Yeah, when fact went time while I go into it, they say, hey, Tom, let's take a look at how long it is now big and is. And your foot, too, so we can measure it up just perfectly. We can cover it up with something really nice. And they got infant sizes all the way to size 20. So even if you got gigantic feet or little teeny tiny feet like my spindle, they can fit you up. New balance of South Florida's got style sizes and what's the shoes you can only find before in catalogs or by mail order. And of course, so whatever you're looking for, they got it there for you. If not by some miracle, they'll order it for you. No extra charge. You'll be wearing them in no time at all. Make a run to new balance of South Florida, haven't you? A mall, pinecrisp, vocal down center and coming in November to their new location in Palm Beach Gardens. If your feet could thank you, they would for Schleph and them over to. See we got a good Schleph and it'll make Pete Leningham. Schleph and over to new balance shoes. We're supposed to be a five-cy-small. You, A-M. Hey, they stayed Goldstein, but you're going to Goldie. We're never on the town. I listen to, wait a minute, I am in town. It's the 12th of a hour. That's it. Today I'm Kudahana. We'll try to snag the elusive American Airhead. Yeah, it once thought to be very slime-cunning. Isn't it all? It's just that the Airhead really has no purpose in one as around Englishy, which calls for it to be hard to track down. You can't pull it up footprints, if you know what I mean. So what we're doing today is cruising the Ritziary of Town. Oh, mine, there's a beauty right over there. She's stunning. Nice little perky. Now, all I have to do is dangle this shiny gold bracelet in front of her. That's it. It's beginning to work. Come on, darling. No, it's going to hurt you. Isn't she a beauty? Oh, yeah, the American Airhead really knows. She's way around an Aussie, Diggery, too. Until next time, remember, always bring protection and enough cash to courage, bitch. So join us next time. Kudahana. Good evening. You know, something that's two psychic moments on the same minute there. That's it. You want to know why? Because the next story I got is from the age, which is an Australian newspaper. And the thing you just passed me from one of our listeners, White Man's Britain, my Paul Cromond, the New York Times, was the second story down in my pile already. He had it, but thank you anyway, but I already got it. All right. Everybody's psychic powers are kicking in. Put that brick and Miss Cleo to shame and that Jonathan Edwards. How can he still be on here? Is that show still on? Yes. Crossing over. Remember it's on the science fiction channel. Oh, my God. They should put that up here on screen TV because every time I see him on here, I start screaming like a lunatic. What is he doing on there? Oh, but all this stuff is quackery. It's fakeery, right? I mean, like organized religion, right? Yeah, right. The word from the CIA, it's the oil stupid and article in today's Australia newspaper the age. France and Russia have oil companies in interest in Iraq. They should be told that if there are assistance in moving Iraq toward decent government, we'll do the best we can to ensure that the new government and American companies work with them. If they throw their lot with saw to middle be difficult at the point of impossible to persuade the new Iraq government to work with them. Former CIA director James Wolsey quoted in the Washington Post at 15th, so there you have it. The situation may be telling the world that the reason he went security council has to prove an ally to attack on Iraq is because of Iraq's weapons and mass destruction capability, but the real reason France and Russia being told to get on board, the US military badminton is Iraq's oil reserves. According to the Washington Post, all five permanent members of the security council, the US Britain, France, Russia and China, have international oil companies with major stakes and a change of leadership and Baghdad. The Washington Post is one of a major media vehicles to which the American establishment talked to each other. This clear the real issue here is who controls Iraqi oil. Neither the US nor Britain or Australia for that matter has produced any credible evidence to back up the ostensible reason for an attack on Iraq or regime change, read assassination of Saddam. The debate about how US should go about getting control of Iraq, you all has been blunt and to the point, the new regime that the US intends to impose on Iraq will not honor any of the agreements made between the old regime and the world, as the post points out, since the Gulf War in 91 companies for more than a dozen nations have either reached or saw agreements to develop Iraqi oil fields or repair existing facilities. According to the latest US Department of Energy background paper on Iraq published in March, the UN had warned in 2000 of a major breakdown in Iraq's oil industry of spare parts and equipment were not forthcoming. The US had any extra money to be used only for short from improvements to the Iraqi oil industry and not to make long-term repairs. The US Department of Energy said as early as January 2002, the head of the UN Iraq program had been on seven expressed grave concern at the volume of holes put on contracts for oilfield development and stated the entire program was threatened with paralysis. According to seven, these holes amounted nearly 2000 contracts with about $5 billion about 80% of which were held by the US. The Iraqi regime in waiting politely known as the Iraqi National Congress and on Brelligrup Finance by US oil interest has made it plain that it will not be bound by any of these deals. The INC leader, Ahmed Shalabi, is quoted in the post as saying he favored the creation of a US-led consortium to develop Iraq's oilfields. Iraq's oilfields are second only to Saudi Arabia controlled by the US through the House of Saad, which the US's guaranteed to protect against external internal threats. According to the US Department of Energy, Iraq contains a hundred-twelve billion barrels of proven reserves, along with roughly 200-twenty billion barrels, a probable and possible resources, Iraq's true potential resource potential may be far greater than this, however, as the country is relatively unexplored due to years of war and sanctions. There's nothing new in the US British policy in the Middle East and in Iraq in particular, Iraq was a client-state or in polite terms in ally. Client states are to find a corner of the US academic nomchomsky by the Robidian Snaught their values. Saad was given diplomatic cover for as long as he was obedient to us interest, now he's damned as a monster. A client oil state was first defined by Lord Khrizan, who was the British Foreign Secretary after WW1. He said it was an Arab facade, ruled and administered under British guidance and controlled by a native Mohammedan, and as far as possible by an Arab staff, there should be no actual incorporation of the concrete territory in the dominions of the conqueror, but the absorption may be veiled by such constitutional fictions as a protectorate, a sphere of influence, a buffer state, and so on. The US took over the British Imperial Prize in the Middle East after WW2, the official US-tated Roman history, 1945, and made page 45, noted these resources constitute a more than a single piece of history, which is why the US is not going to be a good global citizen. If Australia follows its present course, a more sophisticated version of all the way with LBJ, we'll share the cost but without the major benefits that might be available to the four members of the Security Council, which the US wants on their side to provide a moral fig leaf for its policy in the Middle East. In today's age, in Australia. How do you like their apples, huh? Excellent. Disgusting. See, this is why we're still dependent on oil, boys and girls. We don't need, we didn't, I mean, we might even go into it. You know what I'm saying? What is happening? This is still a minor people like George Gabby, who's the guest-guess-guessling SUVs, and what we have to like the other way forward for the oil factor, we could blow Saudi Arabia, Iraq, and Iran, and Sudan, all those far-biznah on into the Estonian age, or at least further into it than they already are. But it's all about OIL and M.O. Anyway, anybody don't believe that is full of S.H. So Paul Greggman writes in the New York Times today, White Man's burden, I, he says, no, that's how many he said. He says we should listen to Carl Rovny, law's former presence. For example, Mr. Rovny's lately taken a saying that George W. Bush is another Andrew Johnson. As Congress considers Mr. Bush's demand that the Homeland Security Department be exempt from civil service rules, it should be called that those rules were introduced out of revulsion over these spoils system, under which federal appointments will reserve for political oilists, a practice begun under Andrew Jackson. But Mr. Rov's original model was William McKinley. Until September 11th, we thought Mr. Rov admired McKinley's domestic political strategy. And McKinley was also the president who acquired an overseas empire. And there's a definite width of imperial ambition in the year once again. Smell it? I can't. He writes, of course, the new Bush dock in which the United States will seek regime change in nations that would judge might be future threats is driven by high moral purpose. But McKinley or imperialists also thought they were morally justified, the war with Spain, which ruled its colonies with great brutality, but post-no threat to us, was justified by an apparent act of terror the sinking of the battleship main, even though no evidence ever linked that attack to Spain. And the purpose of our conquest of the Philippines was McKinley declared to educate the Filipinos and uplift and civilize and Christianize them. Moral charity aside, the parallel between America's pursuit of manifest destiny essentially ago, and its new global sense of mission has a lot to teach us. First the experience of the Spanish American warship reminds us that quick conventional military victory is not necessarily the end of the story. Thanks to American technological superiority, Edmonds George Dewey destroyed a Spanish fleet in Manila Bay without losing a single man, but a clean high-tech war against Spain somehow turned into extremely dirty war against the Filipino resistance, one in which hundreds of thousands of civilians died. Second, America's imperial venture should service an object warning against taking grants to the strategic theories too seriously. The doctrines of the days of colonies has strategic assets, and the end is very doubtful whether our control of the Philippines made a stronger. Now we're assured that the military action against Roe states will protect us from terrorism, but the Roe state now in our sights doesn't seem to have been involved in 911, what determines whose regime gets changed. Finally we should remember that the economic doctrines that we used to justify Western empire building during the late 19th century, that colonies would provide valuable markets and sources of raw materials turned out to be nonsense. Almost without exception, the cost of acquiring and defending a colonial empire greatly exceeded even a generous accounting of its benefits. These days, punits tell us that a war with a rack will drive down oil prices, and maybe even yield a financial windfall. But the effect on oil prices is anything but certain while the heavy cost of war occupation and rebuilding, for we won't bomb a rack, then wash our hands of responsibility, will we? Are not in doubt. And, in the United States, cannot defray the cost of a raw to Iraqi oil revenue, not unless we're willing to confirm to the world that we're just old fashioned imperialists after all. In the end, 19th century imperialism was a diversion. It's hard not to suspect that the Bush doctrine is also a diversion, a diversion from the real issues of dysfunctional security agencies, a sinking economy, a devastated budget and a tattered relationship with our allies. Rice Paul Cretman in today's New York Times. Iced on Paul, right on target, baby's got his thumb right on it. He's not cavein' in. There's a few of us not keep it. And now you notice the new poll 49% of the Americans. It's no longer the economy stupid. Now 49% of the public believe that Sodom is the number one issue or rack. Oh, yeah. They've done a masterful job. Right before election time. I'm looking at my watch here. It says the 24th is September. What are we about? Six weeks away from the election? Uh-huh. Something like that? I just mentioned that in passing. It's 11 past noon. We got the mad dog coming to board a clock from Shulostake too. The Humper, the man who is like just a giant in my sports talk industry who's saving our ass this summer. In fact, you ought to go in here and kiss him on the toes because he'll be in the studio today. The Humper? Can I kiss him on the ring? Kiss him on his ring. Kiss him on his ring. His sting is his spenders. Whatever. How come I keep saying his spenders? I don't know. I don't know. I think Hank and Luke Stazian's his spenders. He probably certainly look better and Larry can't. Uh-huh. But then again, so it was the modal. I mean, Larry King is it. Have you noticed him lately? Nope. Not like, oh, he's starting to look really bad. You know, and he's starting to look really, really old. Hey, by now you've heard I'm positive. The incredible earning potential of people in the computer industry, computer professionals we call him. You've heard us talk about the incredible man for certified computer professionals. And the fact that Todd Rek is a flaming asshole, you've also heard us talk about the great people as fast-range. So it's time to do yourself a favor. Pick up the phone and call fast-range tool for you at 1-8-6 fast-range. You can complete your program. Get certified in four short months and be on your way to a new higher paying career. Fast-range got four convenient locations in Dave Browd, including that newest one in most prestigious and highly congested candle. Fast-range got convenient. Daveing, we can classes to fit you schedule. They got full-time job placement department with over 30 years experience to get you started. So if you want to get yourself out of your dead end job, if you want to career where you can make some serious cash and have a couple of nickels for them together, here's the answer for you. Pick up the phone, there's no obligation. Call the people at fast-range. They'll answer all your questions. Call toll-free, 1-8-6 fast-range. Tom Todd Rektoy did a call and when they stopped laughing and pick up the phone again, the lines are your questions. Call 1-8-6 fast-range or check them out on the web at fast-range.com. Jinglebells and I can't help. Rick Rally, you're an asshole. Say it again. Yeah. I need help. Okay, the reason I've played that, I shouldn't play that bit anymore, because it's something about Hank Lover's sucks, which we can't say that now. Now that he bailed us on in his last trend here. And then there are a couple of congratulations to you. Well, does that? Because basically the station is like, and I, you know, any case of great guy into a Mark over nine. Yeah, we got a lot of other stuff going on the Dalton games, but generally speaking, our station is like nine a.m. 7 p.m. When you say, who being? Anyway, I'm not asking you anything. Okay, because you're such a pussy man, you're so non-comiddly. They have you right where they want your boy. They got you so crucified. Yeah. But without that cart we got back there. Some of what those meowing sounds because pretty soon the chiffets. No wonder you're worried about the Chinese. If they were five, you'd fry you for lunch. Anyway, here's the fact that this is I was slipping the reason I played that. I was slipping the newspaper a couple of mornings ago and the douchebag on Zeta was trying to come up with a contest and said, remember why we used to do copper, no copper, donut shops? Wasn't that a ricken, such bit as the facers? Absolutely correct. Of course it was. What's wrong with you, I'm wrong anyway, you know? I've got no idea. What the hell is wrong with them? I'll ask this. I mean, it's not funny anymore. You know the fact that they just keep ripping off everybody else's deal? Come up with something original, Paul. Okay? For I mean, he had a couple of good bits here, though Sammy Smith won and the Abilantez excellent adventure and a Rick Sanchez. And I was in. That was, that's his claim to fame. How did they do in his last trend? Which we didn't do that great. George didn't do that great. And the mornings on our station. Oh my God. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Getting pretty scary. You know, you know who I really wonder what he's thinking. He's probably not saying too much because of course he never makes no mistakes. I wonder what Rick is thinking about at this point, you know? After we, after the morning show a big time and got all temperamental and we got all been out of sort and chased away Joe and then probably sent info and like rehab, which is why he did that thing with the Indians. And then of course, guilty is, you know, guilty now is like a prisoner of Zender. I always got to do a start thinking about hockey and right away the kick is ass out of the room for a few months. So it can like get it out of his hand. So anyway, speaking of the Jehovah's Witnesses, which I noticed that we had a, wasn't that the one area where we had a sewage decline and our response on the poll? Yes, we did. And here may be the reason, maybe the busy reading Jehovah's Witnesses dot com and not in your raja dot com. If I had known this was such a good reading out of visited that side a long time ago. Well, you better get with it, Mr. because maybe you'll get your numbers back up there instead of talking about eating ass and stuff like that. You know, it's white lottery. I don't have time to listen to your show every day. Although I do hear the rumors inside channel 10 he likes a lot. And your show too. Questions from readers on Jehovah's Witnesses dot com. Somebody as facts this to us. I think this is extraordinarily interesting. Recently in the news was a court decision ruling that oral population by adults is no longer punishable by law in a certain state. Would such practice therefore be solely a matter for individual conscience if engaged in by a Christian couple within the marriage arrangement. Question mark. And a question coming from the USA. Wouldn't have a name. Wouldn't have like an address. Somebody in the USA. And here's the answer from Jehovah's Witnesses. We believe that aside from those who have been inducted into the view that in marriage anything goes. The vast majority of persons would normally reject as repubnant the practice of oral population. All as also anal copulation. If these forms of intercourse are not contrary to nature then what is. That those practicing such acts do so by mutual consent as married persons would not thereby make these acts natural or not obscene. Are we being narrow or extreme in taking such position? I wonder what they mean by that. Missionary. No as seen by the fact that civil states of the US have for long time had laws against precisely such practices. Classifying them as forms of sottomical usage, Webster's dear to international dictionary includes an definition of sottomid this. Carnal copulation with the member of the same sex or with an animal or unnow of an actual carnal copulation. What or unnatural carnal copulation with the member of the opposite sex. Specifically the penetration of the male organ of the mouth or anis of another. Into the mouth or the victim. Anis of another. Of course dictionaries in state laws differ but our position is based primarily upon God's word of Bible. Yet such worldly evident in fact memory in Genesis where God says be fruitful and multiply but don't eat no ask. Yet such worldly evident serves as a certain purpose. But the people of the same state are not only unnatural but grossly so gross. I think they are only gross on the pen and who is doing it. Therefore the overwhelming of some state laws and the declaring of oral copulation or similar unnatural copulation as legal does not alter our Bible based position. In a world of decaying morals we can expect that some law courts may succumb in varying degrees that the growing trend toward sexual perversion gives us some of the clergy and doctors have done. Some of the clergy like father or tool. It is not our purpose to attempt to draw precise line as to where what is natural ends and what is unnatural begins. Anis of another. In a world of decaying morals we can expect that some law courts may succumb in varying degrees that the growing trend toward sexual perversion gives us some of the clergy and doctors have done. Some of the clergy like father or tool. And others. It is not our purpose to attempt to draw precise line as to where what is natural ends and what is unnatural begins. Anis of another. Or maybe it is your mouth. But we believe that by mediating unviable principles a Christian should at least be able to discern what is grossly on edge. I can't read any more of this. Okay, so can we seek to my stomach? It is gross. It is grossing me out. Here is another good article from New York Times today. From that Tommy Pinko publication that I will write when you are right away. That is right. The right wing is over with the right now. Oh, good. We can breathe easy. They are listening to that. They give themselves a little twitch. On the prostate. Nicholas Christau writes in the New York Times today the day after. As soon as American troops are rolling through Sodom Hussein's palaces, the odds are that this holy Shiite city, Najoff, 100 miles off the back dead, will erupt in a few of killing torture, rape, and chaos. The Shiite Muslims will make up 60% of a rack but have never held power will rampage through the narrow streets here. Remembering the whispers from the bizarre about how Sodom's minions burned the beard off the face of a great Shiite leader named Muhammad Bakr al-Sadr and raped in Kilda's sister in front of him and finally executed him by driving the Elster was hit. The rebels will tear apart anyone associated with the ruling Bach party. If I don't you think that a lot of those people over there could use a good Bach? In one Shiite city after another, expect battles between rebels and army units peer out of calls for an Iranian stealthyocracy and perhaps a grip towards civil war. For the last few days of entrabling in three Shiite cities, Karbala, Najoff and Basra, and attention to the bizarre's esticcer than the dust behind the Docky carts. So before we rush into a rack, we need to think through what we'll do the morning after Sodom is toppled. Do we send in our troops to try to seize the mortar and machine guns from the war infactions? Or do we run from civil war and risk letting Iran cultivate its own puppet regime? In the north, do we suppress the Kurds if they take advantage of the chaos to seek independence? Do we fight off the Turkish army, if it intervenes in Kurdistan? Unless we're prepared for the consequences of our invasion, we have no business invading it all. So, I'll press Sodom lay deluys? What the hell is that? She went and they started with that French stuff, I don't get it. Anyway, that's only a guess, of course, but it's exactly what happened last time Sodom was in trouble at the end of the Persian Gulf or 1991, with a central government tottering a Shiite uprising began in Basra and quickly spread. Here in Najoff, rebels tossed officials out of the windows of the Bavari headquarters to be hacked apart by others below, rioters raped and killed children and formed their parents. Sodom's suppression to weeks later as U.S. forces stood by passively was equally brutal, with rebels hanging from landpost and dragged to their deaths behind tanks. Not surprisingly when I asked people in the Bazaar about the uprising, they mostly turned pale and remembered urgent business elsewhere. It hurts my heart when I remember it said, not seem jaw-wad, a 40-year-old juror in the Najoff Bazaar, who's one of the few to admit to being in the area at the time. They burned the supermarkets, destroyed the laboratory schools and hospitals, Mr. Jumav was prudent up to adhere to the government lines that the rebellion was work of Iranian provocation. It was work of Iranian provocatourism wouldn't happen again, but I bet otherwise. Says Nikristov. In Basra, I asked a senior Bav party official if he wasn't worried that he and his family would be targets of mob wrath. He protested so passionately I couldn't help thinking that he had been a few sleepless nights considering that possibility. In an orthodox regard the challenge for the U.S. will be different. Many Kurds will demand at least quays eye independence and will be a ferocious struggle for the city of Kerkuk, which floats on the sea of oil. Kerkuk is aggressively coveted by the Kurds, by the Turkish-backed Turkmen minority, and of course by the Iraqi Arabs who control it now. More broadly, if the U.S. bridge democracy to a ragdoll means seizing power from the 17% Sunni minority who dominate the army and government and giving it to the 60% Shiite majority. The U.S. should be greater influence for Iran, a fellow Shiite country with close ties to Iraq's Shiite cities. I atola committee spent 13 years in exile here in Ajah, and many top Iranian Iatola state for shorter periods. Iranian hardliners are probably salivating in the thought of American Iyvli creating a Shiite Iraq so that the two countries could pull their nuclear resources and build the bomb together. Of course there are happier scenarios as well. Iraq also has a 95% literacy rate in a secular middle class that eventually could be fertile soil for democracy that would be a model for the Arab world. So it's fine to hope for democracy as long as we brace for civil war. If we invade Iraq, it must be with eyes wide open. The most tickless challenge ahead is not overthrowing Sodom, but managing the resulting a people for a decade. Afterward writes Nicholas Christoph and they hear times today. Sure, a little different from what we did last time in it. Sure, a little different from what we did last time in it. No. 26 past noon at 560 WQA and have you heard the news about Taj Reppin and Anasol? Yeah, good because it's absolutely true. Truth and packaging, baby. Just take a look at it and you say there's a little asshole right there. Look at it. There's a little asshole. It's taundrek. Have you heard about the 3.95% mortgage truth? You've been thinking about it. Stop thinking and do something smart because that was the smart time to buy your home or refinance you were justing home at the amazingly low rateable. If you have a 7.5% mortgage that 3.95% rate would save you over 3.5% over 3500 bucks the first year on a $100,000 mortgage. So instead of making things hard on yourself, pick up the phone and make them really easy, call financial group at 1-800-940-LE&D and I'll explain it to you. That's 1-800-940-5363. Getting yourself a mortgage someplace else will cost you literally $1,000 to $1,000 every year who wants to do that. Think of all of them. You can say when you got a 3.95% mortgage financial group is helped thousands of people just like you. Put your financing in the best possible position by getting yourself an amazing 3.95% mortgage. Call financial group today and check this out. Call 1-800-940-5363. 1-800-940-5363. There were an equal housing letter. Quitter restrictions do apply. Rates are subject to change if you wait too long and when you call tell the tag right toward it you call and they'll probably hang up. Why? And local. We're sports radio, 560, 2-1. You, A, M. Now, can I ask you a question, sir? Okay. What was that? I'm not talking about the bit part of it. That sounded like the chic on helium. But what kind of an ending was that? Well, a clever and imaginative ending. Pionicin, who's this shit? Taps, boo, ribbon. Lots of butts they want in. Lots of butts they need in. Pionic, Pionic, Pionic. Pionic, Pionic. I just got the boot now and my launch got back. Pionic, Pionic, Pionic. Bye, bye, bye. Lots of butts they need in. Lots of butts they need in. I just got the boot now and my launch got back. Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic. Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic. Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, P Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, P Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, P Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, Pionic, P Pionic were disease-controlled in prevention, sent a manual to all 50 states in Washington, Monday, with instructions on how to vaccinate a tear populations within a week of an outbreak. Called the Smallpox vaccination guide, the CDC manual tells states that rapid voluntary vaccinations may be required to stop the virus from spreading in the event of an outbreak, but this specify what would constitute a, does not specify what would constitute outbreak of the potentially fatal virus. These scientific research centers in the US and Russia are known to have the smallpox virus, but federal officials are concerned that terrorists groups may obtain the virus and release it to the US. Smallpox can cause severe illness can kill up to 30% of those infected. If anyone were determined to have the virus, health officials would discuss in the term a course of action. And of course, all the smallpox virus that the US and Russia had were supposed to have been destroyed, but were they? No. See, these are the things that we keep overlooking. It's like, if like you have a whole bunch of chemicals and dangerous stuff around housing, then your little kid gets into wooden dyes, you know what I'm talking about? Right, that happens all the time. Sure. And the same thing with the governments of the so-called superpowers of the time, the US and the Soviet Union, who had these enormous stockpiles of nuclear weapons and chemical weapons and biological weapons. And well, let's put a padlock or rusty padlock on the door and go away. And it's out there inside. Be where it's up there in, it's out in Nevada and wherever. Put a padlock under or walk away. No, he's going to get it. No, he's going to find it. We hope it'll never leak. Trajic, tragic, honey. Brainwash the public and believe in the hate. So the good guys against the bad guys, it's that that's his whole mentality and that wild west cowboy mentality. Us against them, good against evil, the evil doers. Talk about mentality for simple and talk about an Alfredi Newman mentality man, it's embarrassing. It's humiliating and degrading. And of course, what are we surrounded with? Move it, move it, like that. Just like when we open a phone for about 10 seconds this morning. And what are we here? Fast, we'll get tells you too. I'm glad that I got around to this one. We haven't got to Brittany yet. I don't think we'll have to wait for tomorrow for Brittany. And I'm supporting story. That's what you're telling me about. What do you mean by that? She's straightening her eye up. It never a boring story when Brittany's involved. Okay, there are people out there. Something here that name hang on out for a job. Brittany cleans up a rack. Not one here about it. But it's got to pick your house she was and how she is. She was still to see the picture how she was. Fast, we'll get tells you too. Boka, you know who lives in Boko knows you. You won't have any grease seeping through your paper bag when you pull away from this drive through. The fry's aren't fried. The chicken is farm rates and the burgers are made of lean buffalo meat. For the more adventurous diners, there are tofu sandwiches, veggie pockets with soy cheese and one ounce cups of wheat grass juice. Ah, we were going so well. So we got to the wheat grass juice. Yeah. The healthy bites grew open to some about the same time in New York, man. So we're going to be in New York, man. Sood for fast food restaurants for making him fat and unhealthy. The restaurant owned by health express USA is hoping to capitalize on that fat publicity and target the more health conscious among those who spend $100 billion annually on burgers fried chicken and other fast food nation. $100 billion a year to kill us. Although I do like Wendy's. The restaurant is the four year old company's second for into the quick service industry. And it's executive's hope it serves as a model for franchises around the world. The restaurant has a big field that requested to open restaurants from Japan, Canada and Kuwait. Eating health is where everyone and people everywhere really started recognize that said Susan Greenfield, the company founder and board member, company executive said they wanted to create healthy fast food with a gourmet flair. The restaurant has an upscale look with trendy lights and ventures, doels and tables that are the color of tomatoes and plants and zucchini. And wasn't that, wasn't that Regisaskan Tom Walling? That's a bit of zucchini, aren't. The average meal at healthy bites has a higher end price, too, sandwiches, burgers and wraps with the drink and a side dish cost between six to nine bucks and customers might have to wait a few minutes longer. Nothing from the Port of El-Musherman vegin pepperoni pocket. Is that vegan? I guess, yeah, vegan. Nothing from the Port of El-Musherman vegan pepperoni pocket to the Tarragon chicken, Samarap is pre-made and put under heat lamps to wait for customers orders. In other words, it's all made fresh like a pizza law. CEO Doug Baker said people don't mind a short delay for the special leak cuisine. We're all like McDonald's on steroids, you said. That's a bad choice of food. No kidding. Boy, 10-year-old Alexandria's on, by the way, the Joan Collins on guiding light. Oh, we want the old Alexandria back, not that freaky one-out bitch Joan Collins. Can you believe that? Why would they do that? Nobody got her. I know. 10-year-old Alexandria's son, the supper-fimbed expert on chicken strips, raved about her meal before heading off to swimming practice one reason afternoon. She didn't even notice that the breaded pieces of chicken were baked instead of fried. Her chicken fingers are a lot better than all the other restaurants I ever meant to. She said, Alexandria's mom and son said she could have stopped at McDonald's, Burger King or another more traditional fast food restaurant, but after it against it, we were looking for something that might have a lighter meal. Nutritionist, Beth Ellen, Delubio happened upon healthy bites of U.S. U.S. U.S. U.S. U.S. to dozen times. She said, like most people are clients are too busy to cook three meals, seven days a week and now she can offer them a healthy alternative. People are really starting to realize that nutrition is your breast health insurance. She said, what you eat and what you drink is going to have direct effect on your health and your children's health. The restaurant in Glitzi, Booker, Retonis, all is pulling in almost four times as much business as health expresses first restaurant in Oakland Park. Healthy bites makes about 20,000 a month in gross sales. The company stock sells them the symbol HEXS on NASDAQ over the Cotter bulletin board. Company executives believe their sales reflect America's growing sense of the impact of the super-sized fat-filled meals coming through most raps or windows. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Report that an estimated 61% of American adults are either overweight or obese and more than the numbers are only increasing. Other fast food restaurants have cashed in on the health food craze. Subway proudly listed nutritional contents for its subs on Atkins and posters and the chain created new ad campaign last year around revolving around Jared Fogel, who lost 245 pounds while eating subway sandwiches for year. You seen Jared? Yes, it is. I said a fork up a little bit again, by the way, Jared. If you want to live a long life, you gotta stay away from the meats and grease bakers, and that's exactly what we're doing here. So it's in Boko, I guess maybe we'll find out where it isn't Boko will put it on the ear because we have contacts in Boko. And others too. I teach at 1 at 5.60WQ, however your sick-abained take advantage of real estate agents and brokers when you look into cell your home. You turn it to that. Well, if you are, check out SaveRealti.com. Here's how this works. You retain the right to sell your home. You can also show and sell your home to buyers who call you directly, and if you sell your home this way, you pay only 1% and commission. That's it. SaveRealti.com cooperates with all MLS real-ders. You can also show your home to real-ders, and if they sell your home, you only have to pay the real to the commission. They've traditionally charged for bringing you a buyer. The bottom line is you're going to save money. Contact SaveRealti.com on the web at SaveRealti.com or call them directly at 9.54-788-2660. If you want to stop dealing with real estate agents or brokers when you sell your home and save a lot of money at the same time, let's saveRealti.com. Show you how to do it. Log on to SaveRealti.com today. SaveRealti.com the best and easiest way to sell your home. Here's that number again. 9.54-788-2660. My life and love all six is four three of five six. You wait two, man. At the funny junior. McDonald's is cutting the fat and their fries, but here are the vegetables. We're upping the fat. Why eat healthy when you can enjoy those kindle, grease, and meat. The fat is not an artery clogging French fries and Mcdubles. Mcdubles has double the fat, double the flavor, and double the size of our fries. Now try Mcdubles double that's with combo. A burger and soft drink with five pounds of Mcdubles double that fries for just 99 cents. Because Mcdubles knows whatever ignorant uneducated greasy here at me face poor fat, slob, slob, slob, slob. Mcdubles. Get a free Mcdiff certificate while supplies last. Did somebody mention Mcdubles? Well, well, for the $16.560 WQM Mcdiff, I keep thinking of that sign over Mcdubles and Amsterdam. Anyway, somebody facts his this to us who's making the small pots vaccine. A company called bioport, who's bioport, a company owned by the Carlisle group. Who's the Carlisle group? Well, you know what I says, and we do know it. Don't wait. There goes us who know. I got a couple of sports stories. Can we change the pace a little bit? We're going to be segmenting into the mad dog and Hank. And of course the Humper who bailed us out. Gold tender Trevor Kid made his first appearance in a maple leaf uniform on Let's see. What's today? Tuesday on Sunday night. And was blown away by the crowd of 18,570 for an exhibition game at the Air Canada Center. It's a far cry from Florida. Where the support for hockey, of course, is not as dedicated. He said there was a full house out there. The former Panther said, holy cow, I haven't had that for regular season game in a while. Never mind a preseason game. It was fun to get into that atmosphere. The music was cranked up loud. It was great. There's also made by the turnout of about 1200 GTA minor hockey coaches for an open practice yesterday. Morning. I don't think that that many coaches in all of Florida may be Georgia and Tennessee Combine kids set up the crowd. How do you like that? Trevor Kid, badmout, not badmout. If I'm just being honest about soft Florida and the usual lacklust just support for everything. But of course now that we got a morning guy is going to really talk up the Panthers in the NHL. We should be in good shape. And last call for her well. This was in the yesterday's Toronto Sun. Legendary Tigers broadcast through this final home game. There's a picture running way into the crowd. Or any how well? Certainly one of the top half dozen or so baseball broadcasts of all time. A great guy. We love Ernie. Ernie Harwell said he only wanted to do his job. But he's meant far more to that to several generation of Detroit tiger fans. I'm overwhelmed by all the attention the Tigers. Hall of Fame radio and officer said after he called it his last game in Detroit. I always looked at myself as just a worker in his heart for me to comprehend all the attention. He said the announced crowd of 23,930 paid homage to the worker. Well, he'll retire after 42 seasons with the team and 55 seasons of colleague majorly. He might even be more famous than that Ron King. The guy who retired from wasn't that the guy's name? Life. Life. Never heard you, Ron. Fans give the 84 year old Harwell a tremendous observation which featured chance of Ernie. Ernie during the 7th and 8th stretch of the Tigers 4th three lost to the Yankees. Since the All Star Break there's been a video of Truby Tar. Well, by different people during the 7th and 8th stretch of the game, yesterday came from Harwell's wife for 61 years. Lulu Harwell. Remember Lulu? No. The same as the song she sang, Lulu. That's not it. Whatever. The horrible song. After it was announced, the Tigers presented Harwell with Kamerika's park home plate and a plaque announcing that the stadium's press box will be officially dubbed. The owner, how are you? Harwell, maybe a send at the beginning of the 2000s recseason. Most fans stayed for the ceremony. An on and on a go is Zerny to this and read that. Ernie was great. Is great. He's returning to the season. He got a few more row games to go. That'll be it. And I feel sorry that he had to go with these Tigers. Oh, so sad. Pathetic. You're in Harwell, media center. It's kind of like the foster he was press box and Maple Leaf Gardens, which then, of course, they foster he with media center at the Canada Center. And by the way, you Canadian, you can not solicit a show. Enough already with a 72 with Henderson. Enough already with his crap. We living the past. These people are crazy here. It's one thing to be enthusiastic like Trevor kids said and show up and support your team. It's another thing to be crazy. The 72 Olympics, the whatever, and how they call that series, the Russians and the Soviets. I mean, the Soviets in the Canadian, whatever it was. You know what I'm talking about? What are you talking about? Do do do do do do that. The big hockey series between the Soviets and the conucks. Big dog and pony show. And here they are all all week long on ESPN classic. I'll week this week. Go on for weeks now. Every time you flip by that channel, they're showing the same crap with foster he would. Screaming and shrieking like an old lady with her legs tied together. Henderson. And I'm not already you crazy. Conucks. Okay. I'm going to jump out the fricking window if I have to hear Henderson one more fricking time. I don't even like Paul Henderson. He's a star. And a board again, Christian to boot. Hey. Hey Paul. Stick it. My wife. And well, this is sports radio by 50. Way away. Yeah. Don't you go back to Canada. You too, bastards. Oh, Canada. Our home and business plan. I've lost as we will mark you on your own. I'll make a shot by the she's by our side. The evening's your good news. See. And the evening's your good news. And the night's your see. Oh. God made the dream. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Yeah. I know. Yeah. Yeah. Well. Right. Well, the first time. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Uh. Okay. was about that's what I was thinking when I read this. On 91 year old is really died after his caregiver spread a paste like dishwashing detergent as bread instead of hummus. Puma hummus, police say yesterday. The caregiver would work for the old man for five years told police he couldn't read the Hebrew writing under the detergent container and served it up on a man asked for some hummus, a chickpea spread, popular in the Middle East. Ever see a chickpea? Police said the caregiver called an ambulance when his employer fell ill on Saturday, but the man died in the hospital where check in to see whether there was criminal antenna where there was a negligent homicide, a police spokesman said, well guess what, Mr. Police spokesman said, I think it's just can happen. Crap happened. I mean, I can't read the language. I think it was hummus side. I can't read that Dutch for crap. And so you'll buy something and you'll think, hey, this must be laundry detergint. You know, and you're sticking your washing machine, you find out it was like tapioca putting or who knows what it is, you know? Why didn't the old man spit it out and say, fah. He was 91 years old and he probably had a tough time swallowing it. That's what Mo always says. When he's getting raped and we can't go. This is the most important story that I left this out to Laveranda. It's a good thing we got to this, you know, may have to leave the Bill McBride story. I don't know. We have time for that. We'll see. And also the Brittany thing like I said, and then we haven't even close, not even close to the Robert Blake story. God damn it. How do we get side track with this? You know how we got side track calls? You know, it was awful. Wasting time on at the call. We had a tremendous response on that poll, but nevertheless, on speaking of polls. Watch the punishment be for that the two good bits, the Indian and woman who beat the crap out of her kid in the car. Burn the bits of the stake on national TV 144 35%. Probation only 85. Probation lost the custody of her children 69. A year in jail 41, three years in jail 40 and no punishment spare the rod and spoil the child 33 asshole said that. Robster and Rikai the greysiest concert tonight at the American Airlines of Venus been postponed till November the 2th. Promotors blamed the lay on transportation problems caused by the last minute edition of two truckloads of equipment. Is that what we're going to use to say truckloads all the time? Bruce Cance, Senior Vice President of Touring for Clear Channel Entertainment, which is producing greysiest as 32 city tour, said that more lightsound and stage equipment were added to the production after a Sunday night concert in Virginia Beach. Motor said between 9 and 10,000 tickets have been sold close to capacity. Those tickets will be honored for Saturday and November 2nd show. However, privately, people close to the show said late last week that slow ticket sales from the Tuesday night event made postponement possible. You following us? Uh-huh. Howard Cance had promoters decided Sunday there wasn't enough time to transport and set up the official equipment for the expenditure of Miami, which he said required to be added to more trucks to the 6D Hickles. They were already using. When Eglisea saw the miles between Virginia Beach and Miami, we realized we wouldn't be able to get the full production of Miami Cance said he didn't want to go into his hometown without the full production. There were mixed feelings I never feel that if a show can go on a can shoot me postpone, but this was very important to Engriche, he wanted to do his best and biggest show for Miami. And when we didn't sell all the tickets, we had to be kind of embarrassing in your own home town. Yeah. That would be really bad. And we love Engriche's. My good views to be my good personal friend before we started taking his clothes off all the time becoming a big sex pot and very famous in wealthy. Remember used to send me all those autographed CDs and every time it ever came. I haven't seen the ice. They got him there. When his autograph on the back and you're the best and I love you and you like this, but I like it and Engriche, let's see what it looks like. Yeah, let's see what you got. Not much is what he told us, remember? That's what he said. That's what he said. He's got a peat. He's hung like a butterfly. But hey, we'll check it out. So that's pretty much going to do for us today. No more calls. We did a little experiment boy. And sometimes just like Dr. Jackal said, you know, some experiments are okay. And some are not so great. Speaking of not so great, we don't have Joseph Gackie today. Huh? Who knows, we got the highway to hump her back today. Thanks again to the huffer for bailing our ass out, airfake. We'll test summer book. The main dog is next from Schuola State. Bye bye.