So, Roddy plays! This is how Florida's only a worthy creature. Will you keep you away, man? My enemy Fort Lutterdale. I'm a seasoned man. And, will you keep you? You, am, dot, dot. What? Or, or, or, or, or, or, or. I've ever great day, Mo. Over, out the moon, Moan. Get away and feel the release. Smoom, the fresh sea air. Take in the unparalleled experience. Of Cuban rafting on big lactic. It's like a vacation. Away from your troubles. Your life back home. Your the skipper. On a journey to a better place. The only thing between you and your destination is whenever nature has planned for you that day. Unproductive all. Prath taking. Life threatening. Cuban rafting on big lactic. Will you away to something better? Rough master. Rough master. Here come the sharks. You got to know much faster than that. Road dammit. Painful brother, you wish Navy. I'll ride 902 at 560 WKU and Boat Mo was really on a tear this morning. When I talking about the immigration, somebody ought to give him like a primer, a little less than what this is all about. He's only been here a few months in all fairness. He hasn't got a clue. What it's all about. What we've been through. He don't have no clue. Well, he'll be here long enough. Well, maybe. It's time to get it off. You said it, baby. Time to get it on. Let's get some more Haitians in here. What do you say? Oh, no. Enough. See, I know that I'm back here because you turned on your TV. Said that every guy damn channel, including the talking head channel. There's a bunch of Haitians running over KivaSkain. You pick a great spot to show up on too, by the way. I don't want to break the news to you guys, but you're not allowed on KivaSkain. Okay, but I get it. Come up on sure someplace else. Preferably much further south would be good. Huh? Like where? What is south? Like on south be too big. Party time. That would be good. Anyway, we'll get it all of that. I'm sure. And I heard all those very articulate calls this morning driving to work, including many people. I've no idea what they're talking about, but it kind of fit in. Man, did we have a response yesterday from the gun nuts? Ha ha ha. Not just our usual nuts. The gun nuts invaded our pool. Because the, what do they call it? It's the NRA. Diddlehead Chain, a Daisy Chain. That's what it's called. The Daisy Chain got going. The Daisy Chain is these paranoid asshole discovered that we were taking a pool anything to do with guns. We had 80 billion people and they even heard of this show who wouldn't know me from God damn Adam. All of a sudden they're on there. We got 2,000, 3,000, 10 votes. Let's air it. And some of them are even real. But see, this couldn't, I knew this couldn't be the work. What's I saw getting so out of control? Couldn't be the work of our usual, uh, long kids who have no life. This was the, uh, right wing Daisy Chain. 1611. What's our question was, what's your take on guns in the US? What's your take? 1611 said don't ever the second amendment. My guns got them at 1611, 69.3% anybody believe it? No. No. In fact, they were in second place. The distance second during the most of the show until the word got out of the Daisy Chain. Oh, we better vote as if is it this pool on this stupid radio show? Is going to change the law. I mean, it's just a pool just for fun. There is no fun when you're taking away my gun. Okay, son. Got it. Anyway, 1611 said don't effort my second amendment with my gun. It's too late gun. That's run a country 345 of you said that. Too many gun loving Redneck 174 said that, boy, that's certainly a point. No private citizens should have hand guns 82. Only police should have guns 77. And only police and hunter should have guns 30. 2,000, 310 votes. Man, we had more hits on air than you can even imagine. Then they're going down at O.J.'s house. Imagine all the hits going on over there anyway. So I talked to Eric yesterday and he says that we ought to be doing a best in ELCD every six months. See Eric isn't like some of the lazy people we have around here. We're trying to want to mention George and Miguel by name. Also, pity Lenny. I don't see no champion light. See this last one last half a bottle there. Somebody to start bringing my own stuff in here. This sales department man, I tell you, they are. They went to Vegas for a few days and right away, wow, I did a war back here, but we're not going to do nothing. He's busy doing his red ruffin source spots. He can't be bothered to bring him into the champion light. Well, when you deal with the Rod Xels, people don't ask. Just bring your own crap in. So anyway, Eric says he will do one every six months. See because now that it's on the website there like that, it can just stay on or we don't have to have that like any deadline. I'd like to raise a lot more money for abandoned pet rescue. It's a good charity. Raise plenty of cash from last year. And I say let's do it again. Carlos says no problem. No problem. No problem. And then as far as Miguel is concerned, who obviously is so lazy, he'll let it get involved. He don't have to be involved. Because we can just have a bunch of compressible send supply down here. And when he goes out on his other appearances with a van, he can have a few of them. Right? Exactly. You don't have to go out special for us because obviously he don't want to be bothered to do that. Because, you know, we're small potatoes. Compared to those important things he does. And also we can put him in like at both pizza law locations to be. There's a will. There's a way. I'm not going to take that lazy way out like George and Miguel. Maybe they're doing something together. I don't know. Wouldn't surprise me. Wouldn't surprise me at all. Also, we got another little crisis before we talk about Haitians. Oh, bad news boys and girls. Very bad news. First of all, smallville. Last night I thought was pretty weak. I'm so tired about John and Martha Kent, you know, the Schleppers. And they haven't got any money. And she has to get grandpa would check. I don't know. You know, if you had a kid like that that can like do anything. He could like rob a man. Okay. We all want to be honest. He could rob the man in the middle of the night. Nobody would even know it. You don't want to say. Nobody would know it. A couple of million. That's all they need. I don't have to be greedy. Wouldn't even miss it. Even go around like do, you know, he's so fast. He could like, you know, at the 711's. He didn't have to do like a hold-up or an armed robbery. He could just go into whizzing there. So fat. What happened? Money's all gone. But what if it was that? I have no idea. It's just all gone. Just to take care of business. Not to have like be rich. But just to take care of the farm and poor John and Martha, who seem to be rather inept at life. Although she does make a mean muffin. So anyway, this and the no one next week looks like now you didn't see it obviously last week. I think that's a lot of stuff. But the one, the preview for the one next week is a must watch for next week. That man. Heavy duty is they just seem to all discover his secret and someone comes along and claims to be Clark's real mother and they order a DNA test and oh my god. Woo! Heavy duty. On smallville. Oh my god. Next week they write. But this is some of the worst news I've ever seen. Even worse than people washing up on the shore. I wish I had Mr. Acre Biltk, which most of you are old enough to remember that strange years on the shore. No. It's an old, it was an instrumental Mr. Acre Biltk. I wish your Volker Brian's got it somewhere. I love to have that. I'm not making fun of people who are desperate, but you know something. There's about a two, three billion people in the world who would say that they're desperate. Too many refugees man. Too many refugees. Let's take care of America first and then of course our Cuban friends because they got the political cloud. Which you Haitian people want to understand that you got no cloud. When in doubt you better get some cloud because otherwise you're out. That's what it works. You're straight back where you'd be coming from. I didn't like that scene yesterday at all. It was too chaotic. And the worst part of it is this morning they're saying, Oh well the Coast Guard was tracking that ship all the way from Haiti. They knew they were coming. So rather than having an introduction at sea, which of course he had a little sloppy when people started going to fall on overboard and drowning. It said it to an athlete, let him come here. Well, what's that all about? And we're protecting our borders. Who knows? It might have been on that guy damn boat. I'm at Leaky Vessel. So anyway, here's the worst news in the history of my life. Man, talk about depressing. It was just a matter of time. Brittany and Justin, so over long live Jessica and Nick. It says, Ah no. The happy ending that never was from his fears and Mr. Tinkerbell came true for pop star counterparts. Jessica Simpson and Nick Leshe wins this. A wed Sunday at her native Texas reports Eon line. Simpson's record label Sony confirmed the nubsules. Oh geez. The merger between Simpson and Irresistible Bubblegum Bay in La L'Ashé, the 98 degrees Voibander occurred at the Chaplainier Austin with reported 250 guests. I'm under threat to pay their own way like to Joe Costello's wedding. Simpson wore white, a logical fashion choice for the pop world's most famous self-perfamed version since the pre-pifon spheres. Saving myself for marriage just was always something that was just a part of me in my life. And I was shocked that it was like on a cover of newspapers and magazines, and there was such a great deal she told Crane Kilmorn on the CBS's late late show in September. She couldn't believe that it was amazing that somebody like 48 years old, whatever it helps she is, was saving it for marriage. So that's a real sad news. Okay, I'm going to take me a while to get over that. To come to grips with that whole deal. I'm an ex-actor 10. We got a good vacation pool today naturally because that's what everybody's talking about. We don't care about ball games today and crap like that in stupid ass hockey games. We care about Haitians. That's what we care about. We care about people washing up on the shores. And then of course with the election next Tuesday, what a for two would have served period of time I chose to be here, you know? Illegal aliens washing up on shore and large numbers over 200 of them. And then the election which will probably be boxed again next Tuesday, a great time to be here briefly. 20 and you don't know how fast the full stop as soon as I read it. As soon as I read it that was the end of that. Nice. We're going to get our way you bastard. Okay, great, great. Great. Come on in the freeze off of you. Okay. Man, many ex-10 past no. That was Carlos says you're all mean ex. 10 past nine at five 60 WQM. Let me tell you right now there's never been a better a smarter time to buy you a new home. Or refinance your existing home. How about a rate of only 3.95% that's correct. Financial group could offer you an unprecedented 3.95% All you have to do is call financial group with their toll free number. 1 809 40 L.E.N.D. That's 1 809 4053. The money you're going to save is absolutely incredible. Incredible. It is. I can't say it. Think about it. You can get yourself a hundred thousand dollar loan for only 450 bucks a month. Or a two hundred thousand dollar loan for only nine hundred fifty bucks a month. The process is simple and you'll save thousands of dollars each year. Just call our good piezons at financial group at 1 809 40LN. There's never been a better a smarter time to get you a low interest rate no matter what the mad dog tells you call financial group you be on a way to big savings. Yeah, I know to see's taken shots and everybody else's sponsors now. Hey, you're getting a little bit too big for that uniform. Okay. Pretty soon it's going to be number 888. Financial group is an equal housing lender. Credit restrictions do apply and don't forget rates of subdued change. If you wait too long, so call them now 1 809 40 L.E.N.D. That's 1 809 4053. 63. My. And low. This is 4 205. 6. Anyway. Yeah. Now I pick the bad data of Quitsmith and gloom. Yeah. The bad data. Yeah. So. 3. 3. 4. 4. 4. 4. 7. 5. 5. A. 9. 6. S. 7. 8. 7. 8. I'm going to the game right under my clothes Is my biggest asset Welcome! Underneath my clothes There's a great big booty Big earth and jellows Is my huge but truly And that is why nobody cares Then I sing so, bring it to the end Come, there's me, my clothes There's a great big money What I'm trying to pay for It's anything but I need somebody to know To say it's The nice things all bring in the sun And I think so bring in the sun And I think so bring in the sun And I think so bring in the sun She's waking on it, she's great It's 914 at 5.60 WDQIM So anyway, today being Wednesday Almost forgot, you know what we got new to one today I didn't really almost forget I woke up, I said it's Wednesday And I said thank the Lord, thank you We got a big hump day today new to one Comedy but it's great Excellent, here's a fact that's it Also thanks, I don't know if that says Jackie or Ricky Or I don't know what that says Bad writing but anyway Great article by Woody Hurlson in the Guardian Thank you very much, but already read this on the year last week It's very long and already read it on the year But woodman and Woody and Woodman and That's right, thank you very much Though for wasting your 5 pages of fact I mean for sending you that No the intentions were good, how they can't listen every minute every day God dammit which is unfortunate Here's our poll question that may be before we get any further I don't want to dill around with a lot of Got too much stuff here, and also yesterday And it's your fault Carlos, I'll blame you Yesterday was Tuesday, I forgot tabloid Tuesday I don't know any of my tabloid Anyone in Hawaii couldn't have done a name Why, because I didn't get the tabloid Walgreens last night and notice Morsey wasn't working but I went over to Walgreens and picked up all the templates. I got a rubber Blake exclusive John Beney exclusive another one about her handwriting matches gay leading men. Oh Just all kinds of heavy duty stuff little later on. So it's gonna be a pressure pack can you smell it? Pressure pack Wednesday. Where is everybody by the way was clearance where's Muff? Huh? Where's that rating book that was supposed to come in yesterday that never showed up? Where's my champion light? I think we're all alone in here today. I Think they must be out there concerning with a moment Here's the pool Where'd I listen do I have a pool I got one here somewhere or here it is what's your take on The 200 plus Haitians who made it here Tuesday What's your take? I got one two three four five choices for you. Okay, what's your take? They should be sent back immediately They should all and I fact to celebrate Eric so just relax Carlos everything's under control they should be allowed to stay They should be allowed to apply for political asylum Only Cubans should be allowed to stay when they reach the US or no more refugees close the gates with three exclamation points close the gate I'll tell you I'm gonna vote Close the gates. I'm sorry So anyway, well, you see we got this there's something like I said before Cubans have political cloud They got the 14 different league D.S. Ballarts and they got the Eliana grossa rosanna danna and all these other clowns in there So they got political cloud baby. They got Romando Gudieras with his big fat public and they got all these guys The Haitians on the other hand, I got a couple of flunky lawyers and that's it No political cloud In addition to which when anybody comes here under those circumstances You can't just be running off into the woods like that because when you come from a society And I'm not not in Haiti, but the fact of the matter is poverty is rampant there and filth and squaller and so there are a lot of people there with disease You know like all time diseases that we felt we got rid of a few years ago like tuberculosis just as an example And to have these people kind of run and lose their through Cuba skin as desperate as they are is a little bit unsettling You know to anybody with a half a brain this ain't the way that immigration is supposed to work That's just not the way it's supposed to be done and especially at a time when we're supposed to be so careful about who's coming in here We're so cautious about protecting our borders because we got terrorists looking to what do is evil doers And the Coast Guard was was they were they were plotting the course of the ship when they knew it was coming all the way every inch of the way And they did nothing until they just about got here and then they all jumped out which is shown for the eight minute time again I know with Miss Mark Potter. She's all whipped up to a frenzy and There they are a jumping into that pickup truck. I surprised new cargo for you, baby Man, that must have been a little bit gaming, you know What's your take on the 200 plus Haitians who made it here Tuesday? They should be sent back immediately. They should all be allowed to stay They should be allowed to apply for political asylum only Cuban should be allowed to stay when they reach the US Let's hear it for those Cubans goddamn. Oh, they've taken over so let's be subservient. Let's suck up to our Cuban friends if we haven't he? He says Carlos No more refugees close the gates his last choice. There's a let's see. Let me vote on the thing here Of course it's a tough choice for me. Let's see. What is it no more right? Okay? Here's a facts that says thought of the day Haitians Haitians everywhere did anybody tell the Haitians that they jumped into the dirtiest waterfield with human and animal waste Equal Schmidt not fit for human swimmers I guess nobody told them that and probably they're familiar with that based on the conditions back where they live That's could only be an improvement Do you remember Rick and says instrumental man? No, I do not they would talk about rock and roll songs to men's Leave it to pick up the phone and hear the song bring back Rick and says and the bird no more moes as this Factor I didn't like that no more moes It's time to get it off. You better get with it, Mr. you don't be knocking moes. That should be knocking the Cubans too. Okay. Don't be stepping on our buddies Refugees arrival recindles debate on Haiti policy. It says here and then I heard Moe going on this morning About oh these people are scared to death They they the scared for their lives is why they live. They're not scared for their lives. They're economic refugees man They're refugees economic it's got other with politics these people aren't scared for their lives Just like all those people that come slipping here from Latin America because the Pope keeps making all them slippers make eight and ten and 15 babies And they got no work for those people. They're not poured across the border because they're political refugees. They're economic refugees And at a time when we got this high unemployment now we got all these people working for peanuts on top of that Who don't even show up any unemployment numbers like Carlos we can't even get paid Well, we got that kind of a situation this business about just continuing to live this unregulated flow of people come in here Can't do a baby I told you this 25 years ago the end of this fool No room at the in unless it's the virgin Mary and Joseph that's it nobody else Put a lot lit on it for like five years and let's start taking care of our own people Let's build up from within and settle I continuing to weaken ourselves which is what we do the best If we really are so serious about protecting the integrity of the borders of this country, which has always been a big joke. It's always been a big grandstand BS bunch of crap So to pull us up And of course, let's face it the cubids also most of them are not political refugees I mean this business of Afidale he's bad and communism is bad we have to stand there But their economic repumes they they lost everything they had the ones of course those people all came here in the 60s Those are already came over here Because the ones who are there right now most have never had anything in the first place which is why they've Disped to come over here so they can at least get a happy meal because once alien and daddy told them about that happy meal They want they want it If McDonald's would just start building see that's the other thing If Bush would stop pandering to all the Cubans out there gonna vote for him anyway if they would go along with Congress Which now overwhelmingly says let's get rid of this damn embargo okay didn't work for 43 years Let's open things up a little bit because it worked in other places and let's uh, you know Exports them are poison over there like McDonald's at Burger King. There you go And then everybody can get their own happy meal and they'll stop sluther on goddamn rubber apps and come in here And moving into goddamn plantation Boy, I tell you it's just uh, and you know, it's just the way it is this is what it is This is just what it is look at those phones are smoking aren't they not? I guess they all got another system called mo about the Haitian refugees You just can't stay that's all I raise to it. Okay. You cannot stay here. You gotta go back You're not no they're not they're not put the seeking political asylum and I think they should give them real quick hearings like about 20 30 seconds and that's about it And put them all on both feet of me they give them water and like uh, whatever they had yesterday is better Whatever they but eaten over there. I'll try to that and also when it went before they go back you're so on the baseball's too tight Okay, you're so on them to no that's why we get like 65 and 70 home runs from these guys and very bonds As 100 years old he's hitting like 72 on my these so in the baseball's two that are like golf balls now guys get it right Maybe if you get it right, well let's you come back couple of you but so the baseball's right 567 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and for why's and lot of got a great facts here too when I came into the excellent facts Which I'll get to and a couple of good articles marine dad's got another good calm some of my bedtime stories You know pure articles on audio not too much of that to any more We want to get some heavy-duty phone response here look at that. We're not getting it WQAM Yes, sir, did anybody ever tell you why they call him Haitians? WQAM QAM Nobody there five six seven 0560 pound five 60 on the AT see I thought I would take like a couple of segments here and here with these people I have to say about it but evidently as you we're gonna 46 votes all there already No more refugees close the gates 27 of us said that Oh, did I say that to us? They should be sent back immediately eight they should be a lot of apply for below-global asylum seven only Cuban should be allowed to stay when they reach US three When those people were and they should be allowed to stay one One I was probably what the house that guy there maternity's name not the one I had on yesterday. I wanted to professional What the hell's that attorneys never used to defend the the Haitians all the time? But out of the news for a long time now. It's Kendall coffee's under like every five minutes. He's on there for this He's on there for the Kendall coffee another professional media hound All every two minutes he's on WQAM Kendall coffee's the one that fit that's trip right the butt Yeah, that's right if you remember that that that a attorney looking for the last name is little no No, no, this was a guy No, hey, it's not just Haitians it's it's everybody migrating the soft part of the make it a big toilet Not just that group of people, but I agree they need to go back Of course On the economy here in soft Florida and haven't you asked yourself why the Coast Guard didn't Interdict this voted see and turn it around that's a good question I hadn't heard that before but if they knew that now loud them it didn't set up for the police and there's 70 people It's ridiculous and then of course to be scattered we're gonna cause later and keep it's gain and run it all over to the In place that's a wonderful way to have the immigration policy run it It's just unbelievable the way it works here in soft Florida But I agree if these were the Cubans that are already beat the process and be released what do you mean process? They'd already have a goddamn 57 Chevy and all uh driver's license What are you talking about man you better get with it sir? You better understand where you are Yeah, it's just a it's one big toilet and it's actually the person. Ask the cameo vita's All yeah, I still way go Hey listen, I know where I am I can no play the game here for a few days while I'm here and then get there a lot of here real fast Oh boy this guy's right he hit her right on the old head W to Q a m Yes, sir This is the asshole woman that calls the case knowing listen to frequent way Oh yes, yeah The guy bled and wrote no more refugees and if we're gonna have refugees how about some Incas Incas think it did do okay? Okay, bye She sounded like her guy, but she's got a horse raspi boy. She probably smokes and drinks a lot Which means that she's our kind of gal Oh, guys like a woman at smoke and drink a lot five six especially drinking part five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on that's what George says He used to work with his wife not anymore Not anymore can't loosen her up for a lover money and of course since the right no love or money in it. W Q I am Leave me to the cat See there's another guy. It's not that time. It's not lunch time pal. This relax There's a guy talking Haitian cuisine already Although like I said, I'm sure that whatever they fed them they give them the little bottle water maybe a couple of big max Because they were well, they'd been out sea for like eight days. It said what did say in here eight days? Whatever it says on it. Yeah eight days it's sea There I already got the pop at a park coffee. I'm way ahead of you. You already facts it to me. So I'm way ahead of you Troy And I haven't even got to rip in your buddy earring Troy yet, but I will oh yeah earring Troy wants to cut the beast off I didn't mention that yet. I'm balanced for life and we're gonna run a campaign here on here to make sure the beast is lost 58 pounds See this isn't just money Troy Troy with earrings This is like saving somebody's life making you look like a real load And quit bringing food to George he not a diet that little free load in the spit he don't need your food Bring it to the beast. Don't cut the man off that that's unconscionable. You know well We've used him as much as we can he's you he's run as usefulness So let's let's just cut the fat sucker off. You know nasty Nasty I mean talk about exploited the exploitation Hey you're being exploited again beast and I want you to know I'm going to bat for you because I'm pretty proud of a guy To lost 58 pounds and looks almost human. I mean he's running under verge of cracking a 60 pound mark What do you laugh at about it's true? He's a silly still a fat slob, but he's he's doing a lot better I didn't know what he was that that fat. I didn't know what he was that his full. He was who 84 He looked like a human bowling ball. He looked like a schmoo He had no edges just around Waddling thing and now he's almost got the final body parts I Spy foot four, you know So 226 is still fairly heavy so Troy over there with your double earrings you better cut the crap mister I'm gonna start getting really porked off and tell the truth about that bobba ganush 27 after nine and five sixty W to Q M let me tell you about down mattress is the truth about McGill Have we seen McGill what I know that stuff the champion light no is he helping us with our best of that I just mentioned no See him in George the two of them together are conspiring against this show So I want to apologize to Moe because you should have got George fired you right Anyway recently our friends at Dalam after set up the lovely McGill with a new bed and he's loving it He's screwing his brains out in it man fact that's why we don't see him anymore can't even walk The folks at Dalam after is did exactly what they promised no bs no excuses no bait and swish Just a comfortable relaxing night sleep from a gal night after night after night and he continues doing it When the crew from Dalam mattress got to his home they took away the crappy smelly old mattress Which you can only imagine what that thing must have been like and they set up the brand new one Don't be tempted by stores going out of business who can't deliver you a great new mattress now through the end of the month Which means today and tomorrow. I mean, it's not a big deal. You know what what it should do is inspire you to get on the phone right now You can get your delivery from Dalam mattress free that's true the end of the month But again, it's today in the model last two days obviously You can get a free delivery from Dalam mattress just in two hours from when you call or any given to our window You provided what's convenient for you to putting a where you live don't forget limited time delivery is free so sleep like a baby like me and Miguel Be doing call one that's what it says here like me and Miguel 1 800 well, so they were literate back there 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TTRES for Dalam mattress grand name beds for busy and for lazy people to But I smell it was here Senator Dr. and law I'd like to take this time to tell all good loyal Americans to support our fearless leader You left his copy beco fact of God ask yourself what's in for all who's the real enemy of America President Bush or Salami who say never mind I wrote some in the song is you just listen to me now I know coward like this top jacko who thinks serving an air force strategic command dervian I was somehow dependent our country no sir like any other manly patriotic Republican I'd down to pleaded many skirts and wave my colorful pom-poms proudly you can apply heels it's like this I'd pass those on my ankle socks back there I'm too old to do a split anymore But I can still wave fist and prove it rough Oh the back hold them back hold them out Oh That takes me back miss and pay for by corporate media giants who bring washers stupid ass Asia's ways to mean pom-pom that try to tell 3933 at five sixty eight no Trent Green no Your dear Ira curse band that's the name I was trying to think of What are you notting your head? You know who that is now? Ira curse band was the little he's assured of the new the bottle two foot tall midget lawyer who always was defending the Haitians And I'm not knocking him. I mean he was you know, he just had a cause and he had a good point But I guess he's small potatoes or maybe he's not around anymore and or maybe Kindle coffee You're just too much of a media horror and he's on there all the time now. We don't see for Ira Let's see our curse band. What do you say? W to Q a m Q a m hello Yes, sir Yeah, I've been listening to you for a long time. I think they live what you said my point is Yeah, I love these people to go to a club You know, they're I'm from Italy. They're the politics rock I've seen as a cliff I'm the guy in this red and face Say what Yeah, I think that if you say they're not them back Okay, he said you should set him all back. And that's my translation. Okay. He had a bad connection. Okay. It's not that he can't speak it in the ways He's I wonder where he was from I didn't really want to ask 560560 pound come on. What are you folks out there say we got a lot of calls on here But I want to see a little emotion from these people down here What are we gonna do find there? We're gonna finally put an end to all this crap this insanity that goes on here Or just are you so used to where you don't care anymore? You care? No, I don't I'm getting out of here 104 votes already holy cow and he's got the NRA crowd either You see because now Oh, you know see Eric you're stealing my material. I wrote that on the facts that I sent him today's illegal alien He read ELIA and on any crosses it out alien pool What's your take on the 200 plus Haitians who made it here Tuesday? Does that what it says in years two on here? Yeah, yeah, we'll kill it Eric You're gonna have a whole bunch of people on a road to Orlando. I'll guarantee you that a No more refugees close the gate 60 of us said that 57.6% said enough already Jesus God and Joseph They should be sent back immediately 18 they should be allowed to apply for political asylum 16 They should be allowed to stay six and only Cubans should be allowed to stay when they were at the US four because they sure bring in a mean cigar Yeah, for bring us in some of them great cigars. I'll even smoke one here in the studio We don't have any more cigars which I quit smoking cigars. Oh my mother says to me it last yesterday She says V has I was talking about voting which you will next Tuesday for Bill McBride three or four times, but she said well, you know being already a taco You're really supposed to be impartial aren't you? So my mother obviously who I'm sure is listening right now. She really gets it done. She I'm supposed to ask See I like Rush Limbaugh I'm supposed to be impartial get with it. Mom just go get the child WCU I am in the house. Yes, sir. How you doing great? I listen to you I really feel bad to these people, but I gotta tell you this I used to work in a hospital when a doctor's office And you're not gonna take a shot at Haitians know where you Yeah, I just want to make a point. Okay. Go ahead When I used to work at these medical facilities I would say that more than 60% of these Haitians who used to come in We're all on government subsidies. I mean they didn't have to pay a penny for you know medical assistance or any kind of test Would it when you said a doctor was all free and Here I am busted my butt to try to you know pay for my medical insurance from the in my family It just doesn't seem fair. I mean it seems like it you know they come here From these dirt world countries and they tend to world Whatever it is and they expect to they expect to freeze in it But they're but they're so in a mean baseball man and they usually get it Yeah, I mean that's what it that's what noise may well one thing I will say is that they take a lot of the jobs that even the dark folks the I'm African Americans won't take you to the ones that pay like 80 cents an hour illegal I'll take it. They do that They do that I'm telling you I'm not saying they should stay here. You can't just open up your doors and say anybody just let's have a swim with on across the Atlantic I'll wrap up the Caribbean again because it's mostly from the south of us where they're all coming in Because they're all sluppers. That's why they're coming here I say let's take care of our own sluppers first. Then we'll worry about everybody else Right, that's right. That's right. Amen. Okay I'll see you he was starting to get a little. You know, but look the fact of the matter is he's right We can't be the godfather of the whole universe because we got billions and billions in billions We got to take care of for all Bush and friends. You know in the military industrial complex trillions And we can't afford to be taken care of every every destitute desperate Shmuck from all over the face of the globe And I'll say it again, of course this country or the popular thinking of washing it today with this bunch forced their realization baby forced their realization and birth control that's with an F B-I-R-F birth control Call up chief moosey moose and see what he has to say about that that's what we need birth control man All these unwanted babies all over Latin America because the pope was one of the biggest talk about evil douish man He's he's he's right up there. He's right up there with a Sama and your mama Did I say your mama That's what I thought I said Coversing all of these sluppers. Oh, well use the rhythm method. You know just stand in a backyard sing. I got rare them You know right rhythm method my ass. Oh, sorry 560 560 pound 560 how to get TNT and Verizon Wireless line WQAM QL yes sir, new dog. Yes, Haitian request line Hey, you know what what they shift them out from the Bahamas man We don't need any more contrivers. We got plenty. Okay. Thanks hahaha From the Bahamas That's a terrible place But the casinos here. I just you don't want to go to the Bahamas personally we have many people listen to Bahamas Don't take it personally, but we don't like your place. Okay? And we don't like the fact that you rip off all the Americans and that you your whole imperial's attitude is almost as bad as the Jamaikum Bad imperial's we don't like that In fact, they got a new casino of the building. They're called the imperial's palace WQAM I'm a man. Hello? Yes sir. Yes. We're all in time listening to their first time call. Excellent. You know, I got to tell you something to Piano to show you I agree with you. I was born and raised in New York, North Carolina from Haiti and I can honestly tell you, well my parents got here. They busted their ass. Right. They busted their ass. To Piano to show you. They didn't just wash up on sure one damn sure. Well no, they flew. My parents are well educated. I mean, and my father was in the county of Haiti. My mom was a teacher in Haiti. My mom was a teacher now. I mean, I'm a college graduate and I can tell you right now. I honestly, if they stay, I mean, if the tubans could stay, they should stay. But if they have to go, it's about time the tubans go. It's about time. They hit the road. And you know what I am? And I know that a lot of people out there who probably don't agree with me. But I can tell you right now, if the tubans could stay, they should stay. And if they have to go, the cubans have to go. The car even Carlos is applauding of that. Hey, the tubans is my thing is there. Carlos, what are you missing? It's about time we take care of our home. There you go. Everybody, everybody accept us. Get that out. Hey, that's the problem. Thanks a lot. I'm a close to four. I've agreed to. You sure. 153 votes, man. They're pouring in on this poll today. I knew they would because this is something that really really gets people rattled here and saw for this incessant. We're always the victim because of our geographic location, because of this hanging penis you let that the droop's down there into the Caribbean and whatever. We're always the victims. And let me say this. If you wanted to stay here, South Dakota is a nice place. Wyoming, Idaho, plenty of wide open spaces up there. The, the in is full and soft floor. I hate to break the news here. The in is full. No moss to moss. That's it. 153 votes. What is your take on the 200 plus Haitians who made it to shore yesterday, which we saw in channels 4, 6, 7, 10, 11, 12, whatever else. CNN, MSNBC, Fox News, the anxious fascist news network. No more refugees close the gates 92, 60% plus. They should be sent back immediately. 20 like now. Not like next week. Not a week from suckers. Now before the cat population starts vanishing. Now let's see that guy said that. That was bad. How many said that? It's reloading 24 said that. Oh, and our over 61% of no more refugees. They should be a lot of a plough for Google song. 22. They should be allowed to stay 8. Only Cuban should be allowed to stay when they reach the US. 8 said that. 8 of you spigged. 8 of you people said that. We need a lot more Cubans. No. No. How about some white ones for change? 19. I see that's just just a little comment there because ordinarily. And see these people say it's race. It's not it's part of it's partly race. But the only reason we let the dark-complanted Cubans in is because they're out of the same banner and the same law and the same politicians go to bat for them because they're Cubans. Although they would much prefer of course to have much lighter-complected Cubans coming in like alien and is dysfunctional family. 942 at 560 WQM. Let's face it. You've been here about it for a long time on this station. That's right. The facts are very easy. If you have the dedication, fast train is going to provide you with all the necessary training to be come a certified computer professional get a real career and make some real bucks. According to Time magazine, the demand for computer professionals will continue to explode. There's no end. Back home. Insight. The Robert student completes the training in just four short months attending school three nights a week. Once you've completed your certification, fast train will assist you in getting your new computer job. Fast train advice you to come in and visit their trained career counselor and determine which track is ideal for you. Call fast train, toll free at 1-866 fast train to set up an appointment. How about narrow-gantuan and lick and downs? With four convenient locations you'll find fast train in Kendall, Miami, Pembro Pines and 4-Lotterdale. So there's body to be one near you. How about suffocatounds? Don't forget to ask the queer counselor for list of students like yourself who are currently in their dream jobs. Or maybe Finger Lakes. Call fast train, toll free at 1-866 fast train. You know, the guy that was doing the weather. He does the weather every morning on CNN. Every time we were talking about the snow-up northeer mentioned this morning. Cannand Egg when New York. I heard him mention that three times. What's wrong with him? Is he crazy or what? Next he's going to be talking about Howard Samuels. And cannand Egg when industries. Call 1-866 fast train or check them out in the web again. And get your ass on a road to a real career in the real fat paycheck. 866 fast train or the website is fast train.com. 5-Local V6-560 3-Logure. You ain't! You ain't! Hang a London for you for a concert. 1-The-Gillgun Zones. Father of Illian. Meets with his attorney. In preparation to take his son back to Cuba. Well, Mr. Gonzalez, how was your trip? Thank you, guys. Sonny, you have any questions before we go any further? CCC, these books with the pictures. It's incredible. What is this? Oh, that's a television. Oh, tell me. Mr. Lloyd, what does... What does that mean? Pardon me? What does that mean? Well, it means what's up? Like what's going on? Waza! Right, it's a greeting. Waza! I know that you're uncomfortable being here. This is a very difficult time for you soon. Hmm. Hmm. What is it there? Oh, this pizza... Stop, cross, pizza. He's incredible. How do they get the mozzarella cheese into the crust? I'm not sure. So, as I was saying... Waza! Yeah. As I was saying, we will try to make your stay here as comfortable as possible and get you home as quickly as possible. Bye, bye, bye! Are you going somewhere, sir? No, I'm listening to the new CD by the Boy Band in sync with my new Sony Discman. He's incredible. Yeah, yes, Mr. Gonzalez, they are quite incredible, but we'll be meeting with the Justin and the play and your game for two. You must say me, but it ain't no right. Bye, bye, bye. Oh, God, sir. Don't you want to get this over and get back to Cuba? What are you local? I love it here. There's like 300 channels on table and I can watch all the jetting games. But, sir, Mr. Roya, what is it, Mr. Gonzalez? Waza! Bye, bye, bye! Exactly, 1948 and 560 WQM. Some nasty facts is coming and not about me, but about this episode we had yesterday. People are a little bit rattled about this. It says, my business is in port de mierta in Miami. It's what it says. Talk about a site to see. I don't think I want to read this. It's a touch of our little brown toy. It is little brown coop. I might just play that bit, but I don't want to do that. Don't forget, no one did. We got comedy, but it's to lighten things up a little bit. And never could we have a better day for that. Let's see, here's what it says. Why do we punish the Haitian people by Tracy Kitter? What a Kitter. Love your show and the ill from your Haitian brother. Okay, man. I don't know what he's talking. I don't have time to read it. Maybe during the next break. Maybe during the next break. Here's what it says. Just wanted to be first in line of emails and facts. To wish you a great 60th birthday. Oh, yeah. The cards are pouring in. Man. Woo. Did you see that? The Carlos almost broke his back with that sack of birthday cards he brought in the next Tuesday. I'll be 60 years old. I'm very proud of it. That I made it this far. Because anybody any man, my age, who lies about his age. I heard, I heard, this morning talking about, oh, what is this one? Just turned 57 and this one is, yeah, Bobby Vitton is 60. How old are you, Mo? He's talking about everybody else's age. How old is the mole mice? Dude, that's what inquiring minds want to know. Okay. Because it's very, very gay for a guy that age to like be, Vane about his age, you know. Head or sexual guys or nearly don't do that. Unless they're very, very vain as in Veracos. Let's see, we should 60th I'll be a turn 45 this year in Fieldwell 45. Whatever that means. I feel about 45. I don't, I don't feel old. Also, I wanted to tell you, I got a small dog who Jack Russell Terry, month ago, and she's a real bitch. Oh, very sorry, but let's pee our ralf. Have a great birthday, remember, just put your lips together, make a wish in blow. Okay, Ralph. I think I've been, uh, propositioned already the store inside even ten o'clock. Okay, let's get your input here for a little while to where you want to get in some important stuff. Let's pretend that we're really whipped up into our frenzy about this Haitian business. How the votes come in 27 already? Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Incredible. See, this is the topic without the gun nuts infringing on our pool. This is the topic that gets them foaming at them out, because those of us who are left here, and of course I'm a, oh and by the way, thanks very much to my group post friend, Kid Curry. What do I do with it? Oh, there it is over there. I stuck it in my sack. You brought me an interview from a John Snyder from Smallville. Yeah, it's an interview thing, which John Snyder. He said, well, maybe you want to have money show us. I don't want to have the, you know, John used to look really good John Snyder. But of course, the fact that he hasn't got two nickels to rub together, he's just a schlepper in the farm. I don't want to bother with him. He's small potatoes. I want the real thing. That's the guy from chips. Not from chips that Eric is stradden. He's the guy from from Dukse hazard. Right, right. Right, right, right, right, right. I'm at the blog for chips. No, right, right. No, the blog guy from chips was a nerd. John Snyder was the hollering blog guy from Dukse hazard. You kidding me? Man, oh man, back in his day about 70 or 80 years ago, he looked really hot. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WDQAM. Yes, sir. I was going to, I thought yesterday, I think there was a point that we're missing here. Go right ahead. About how it was handled by the authorities, by the Coast Guard. You know, they worry about tightening up our airports, the security of our airports. It all takes us to pass up boat to get over here and get that close. I'll tell you, those people that were on that causeway, if it had been anybody else. I mean, if it wasn't the Haitians, just think, I mean, if it was my wife, my kids in the call, they were pounding on the windows, trying to get into these cars, come on. What's going on? Somebody's got to get in trouble for this. How does that was handled? Like you said, how are you? They let it get back close. How did they let them get here and then wind up on shore? Because they know that as soon as they get on shore, now we've got all sorts of other problems we have to deal with. Well, foremost being the ones that got away that we have the idea where they are and what diseases they're carrying, if any and what it's all about, what they're up to. Well, I mean, how soon we forget September 11th. You know, how you can get a call, you know, let's just ridiculous. I mean, Governor's going to be saying about it, huh? Yeah, let's find out. Yeah, okay. Thank you. What do I come in to? Jeff's just going to say, because those Haitians people are not going to vote for him anyway, so. As long as it wasn't a bunch of Cubans, we didn't have to get into a bunch of stuff about that. As a matter of fact, I got a great idea for Bill McBride. We want to really have a great thing between us because the Cubans are going to vote for him or I'm not right anyway, most of them. So between now and next Tuesday, I'd say like, maybe this weekend. Let's have a couple of Rick and he boats with about 2,000 Cuban refugees come up, huh? And of course, you know what, Jeff is going to say, come on in, maybe come on down because he's scared, crapless. And of course, he'll welcome the mess, fun, you all in a whole deal. And everybody else will be forming it them out. That's what I'll hit for again, which is community is famous for. The city of hate. The hate each other and we all hate to live here. We're not all of the same. It is paradise though. WDQAM. Hello Neil. Yes sir. Good morning. Buenos de As. Well, let me tell you something. I went through the experience yesterday personally. I went to Bill Bang State Park. Oh, he was came. What were you going to do over there? No, just bring that thing. We know what goes on over there. Yeah, true. Really. Cruisin. Go ahead. I mean, I left around probably around four. And then I noticed that there were some helicopters flying. And I said, I want to, there was, you know, a pole test or something because I knew this last time there was a pole test in Miami from the Iraq war. But then I said, I'm going to choose it. What would it be happening? Right. Then when I was going up to Rick and Bocca, cause we just, uh, Rick Carr was slowing down. And I said, I fed up, you know, right. And then as I was going above the bridge, I saw that the different I go over 30 cards I had to stop. And I said, oh my goodness, there must have been an horrible accident. Then out of nowhere, I see this black man running. Then I see three, five, seven, I said, what the heck? Wow. And before you knew it, I said, oh my goodness, what's going on? And then I thought, I thought, I found the latest show up in town. And I was a new Cambridge. Exactly. And then I was sitting here and then speak of Fone language. I said, oh my, I think these are Haitians. And yeah. And then I said, oh my goodness. And let me tell you something. It's true. They were like, I'm probably in the wind of the night. But I didn't feel so. I, I felt like I saw the sign of this. Well, honey, how many did you take in your car? Well, the thing is I didn't have a pick up truck. No, but maybe you could, you got a helmet. No. Let me tell you something. I could have easily five or six in my car. Five or six you could have jammed in. And there may be a couple of the truck that could have drilled some holes in the back of the truck. But, but then, you know, I told them, you know, I can't put in the car. And then they were saying, oh, why not? And I said, because the police are coming because they see the, they see the, they ran the wrong way. When they got off the tugble, they ran towards the bridge. They should have run. Well, you know, whoever gave them the map and the compass, They should have a better job than that. They, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, It's not the untrances of my life. It's that they messed up because they, they went, when they were running towards the bridge, they pretty much gave themselves up because the police cornered the bridge, you know, where, where you paid a toll. If they have on the other way, they easily get out of a skate. Sure. You know, but, and some of the Haitians, I, you know, I told them, I, I, I wish it could help me. But I've probably one thing, I've never never, never through the entire ordeal, which lasted for me about 45 minutes. I've never been stuck so long like that in that bridge, uh, stuck that entire ordeal. I never felt that. I haven't screwed up your whole date to, I mean, after no. It did. It did. But, you know, I actually thought that. In fact, I had a couple of tears in my eyes because I, I'm seeing these people, like, they're so desperate. And I was like, yeah, I, I, look, look, I understand what you're saying, but let me ask you this. Yeah. How many desperate people do you think there are? Forget about the rest of the world. Just in the Western hemisphere, how many million desperate people do you think there are? Oh, more than when we can come. I mean, even with it, and all of them. I mean, just with it, with an five-block radius of where we're sitting, we got a lot of desperate people out there. Right. Between here in the stadium. Exactly. I'm sure. But I think, I think you read an article of saying that there were like eight days at sea. Mm-hmm. That's the looting, not true, because I looked at them. Didn't have any blisters on their skin, any. Well, do you know what that means, don't you? Swadling, swadling, swadling operation. That's right. That's right. Which I, you know, overwhelming, that's what I was. My last comment is, because I went that through a personal basis, I'm a little bit biased, and I guess you're rest of the audience. So I guess I would say, let some space. Okay. You know, that's why, because I went through it, you know, I mean, let me say something. I've never been to forget, I'll tell you that. Okay. I'm looking at the state of that park. Oh, so good. Okay. Okay. I learned this lesson. See, guy was punishing him because he was on that way of the park to do something. I'm not sure. I think I have a pretty good idea. But don't do it again. So he's, you know, he's got some sympathy. We realize that he was allowed to stay here for some bizarre reason. And why don't let them stay, he says. And of course, we say, no, no, I mean, don't take it personally. I mean, there are some very nice Haitian people. I haven't met any yet, but I'm sure that there are. Do you know any Haitian people? Yeah. Do you know? A lot? Blad. Blad? Oh, you mean, our flat here. Well, he's a good guy. I don't know. He was Haitian. Well, I heard if you was there on the, don't mark. There's a lot of things. 9.56 and 5.60. WQM. Here we all are different. You know, there's black and brown and white and yellow and. In between. Anyway, whatever you might be, only a month of part of it can help your health because they make a different product to help each different party or aspect of your health. Only met formulas are advanced combinations of pharmaceutical grade, all of who I combine with vitamins, minerals and robles. And now they got three great new products. There's one to help you sleep. One to help you control your weight. And one called coq10, which you haven't taken coq10 for years. It's a great product for your heart. I'm using the benefits of the finest and purest animal that money can buy. Only meds an exciting, you're great and effective new product. If you want to pick it up, you can do so at publics. Acre's wall greens are getting more info by calling their toll free number. Call 1-866-Oliomid. That's 1-866-6536633. You can order their products online if you like it. Only a month of Merchett.com. If you visit Uner's Publix and by an only met product in data, Broughty can get you a coupon for a free Larry Cochor Bible head. Now while they last, I'm just blown away by that. And looked to forget to visit their sampling for video that's forced and every Sunday with the dolphins to be playing home. Pick up free oligomid samples and product information and improve your health by poppins and your posts today. We're sports video 5-666-Oliom. That's the kind of how I hold you about that at all. It's for me to know who I'm so proud of when I got. But I got this crazy to brag about so don't put me down. I'm just telling you what my car attached with Alex Brown. It adds a hole in the trunk and the fence is in the door. And you can see the road through the hole as a floor. It's my little round tool. I'm so proud for that guy. I'm so proud for that guy. It's a 82-kurola with one headlight. So when it gets dark, I get to use my bright. It's something great-style. No, it's not how to fix. Because that's keeping failing while you're plus that trick. It's my little round tool. I'm so proud for that guy. I'm so proud for that guy. I can't put a rule on my car before. But behind me the keys when I got too short. I've been feeling up to make you really fit. There's one more thing I got no brakes on. It feels up with what you're on the rainy day. When the tape ends the windows seem to work all day. The part where it starts to change when I try to steer. And I can't get it out of seconds here. It's my little round tool. I'm so proud for that guy. I'm so proud for that guy. It's my little round tool. I'm so proud for that guy. 10.15 60 WQA M5 670 560 Pong 560 on the AT&T line. Like to send a message to all our good friends at CNN. Which they do listen to my me bureau. We do have some friends at CNN. Not too many a couple. I don't want to say that your network is getting increasingly responsible in this. But yesterday, you remember the, did you see the stir about the FedEx truck that blew up and saying, Louis? Yeah, I heard about it. So CNN reports the story. They've got no information. They've got the live from the local affiliate there. They've got the live camera feeds. So we're watching the mess all over the highway and all this and nobody got even injured in that, by the way, miracle. But anyway, so they're speculating, wow, you know, we're checking to see if this is any terrorism involved in pay off. Guy got went into by a little round coop or a little red coop, whatever hell of a car was blew him off the guy. They were blocked the guy named Gas tank and that's why the reason for the explosion of FedEx truck. There was no terrorism involved. There was no chemical weapons. No biological weapons were dispersed. No end of the world. You know what I'm saying? You ask holes at CNN? They interviewed. I saw them trying to interview like 13 million truck drivers having them say that diesel fuel doesn't explode like that. Yeah, their experts in chemistry or physics. Right. How many trucks explode? Well, that one did. And I had nothing to do with terrorism. But of course, CNN is just that they're salivating. Oh, ah, here's the end of the world brought to you by Xon on CNN. You know, they just can't wait for it. Full minute to mouth. The Williams Arena and the Minneapolis area of the overflow crowd well over the 20,000 who would. Oh, that's right. Well, the Monday. I was going to file the day. See, that's going to show some of you right wingers. The thing or two, we're bringing back all the old Democrats. That's about the last thing we can do. Bring back all the old dead guys. Loud and bird. Mondale. Wait till the Uber Humphrey comes back and runs again. Here's a fact that the greeted me this morning when I came in because I see we're all done on a Haitian thing. That's fine. Because I got a lot of stuff here. A little little steam out. It says, dear Neil is a long time listener was good to listen to your diet. I'm tired about today. Show was full of the old Neil. Why does our rate on a steep piss and vinegar? Oh, we can't say vinegar on a user. I like you spend a good deal of the year in Europe. And while I share many of your frustrations and opinions regarding me, Mr. Reckton, ignorant priorities of this violence of such country. It's more onic people and the legislature. I must have that takes them accepting regard to your political leanings. Hmm. I spent 13 years on Capitol Hill. And I can assure that the liberals are actually actuality no better than the right wing zealots we both despise. In fact, in some respects, they're far worse. At least with the conservatives we know we're going to get after while the limiting liberal crowd plays to the frustrations and anxieties and fears of the so-called downtrodden by spotting the same old refrain we want to help you. What they're really saying is they want to help themselves to us in order to gain and maintain their power. Watching the so-called Memorial of Paul Wealthon conjured up to discussing images of the treacherous clinton's the duplicity. The duplicity's kinities. Don't misunderstand me. I haven't voted in 20 years and wouldn't vote regardless since the whole system is hopelessly corrupt. You speak of Bush in the fixing of the 2000 election. Yeah, it was fixed not through the ballot confusion, but through the disenfranchisement of the black voters who they were able to delete from the voters list by running statistically incomplete parameters to remove convicted felons. He doesn't mention the people that they stopped from voting around the way to the polls just to for random just to hassle them. But then again, so was the West Virginia Democratic Party. See and and sir, I don't disagree with a lot of what you're saying here, but I've already talked about these things about how the kinities fixed the election in 1960 talked about that until on blue and the face. So the mass confusion in this e-democratic primary and date and broad was orchestrated by democratic leaders through democratic appointed election officials sympathetic to make bride knowing that rena was a dead duck in the general election. Well good for them. Then you have the New Jersey Supreme Court where we go on about Laughton, Virgare here in Palm Beach County. Here, Robert's going off on Clay Shaw, a 22 year old undistinguishable house veteran about not coming down hard enough on corporate criminals. I guess you forgot about her younger brother, who today suspiciously short stretch in the state prison for building untold investors out of millions of dollars in a pizza machine scam, originating out of Wales, but her backyard of Boko. Then he goes on to give me a little lecture about Detroit is if I don't know Detroit, I know my Detroit mister. He says now in Detroit you have a hopelessly moronic young black mayor 34, I believe he recently was forced to announce that there were 600,000 registered voters in Motown up from the previously estimated register. He has to be a 354,000 registered voters only two years ago. This while any sane former citizen of D-town is blown that city for the irrelevant sending the suburbs. I know my Detroit mister, I live in Southfield, okay? And there's about 10 white people left there. What are you talking about? After writing this is becoming starting, we obviously why regret ever having to return here. Now you're getting warmer, best T-R. Well thank you, T-R. You're mixing good points in here. But you don't have to tell me about corrupt labels at about the candies. Joe Kennedy was a bigger crook than the bushes ever dreamed to be in, okay? He didn't have to invade foreign countries in order to make more oil money, okay? He did that the bootleg thing. He did it right. 5-6 said, are we done with the cause? Because I'll just, you know, I think we are. W-Q-A-M. Hello. Yes sir. I need to speak to Neil Raj, please. You're speaking to him. Neil, it's Mickey McNickle. Mickey? It's really me. How are you doing? You used to flush the toilet when you're at my name. I didn't have any toilet to flush Mickey. What are you doing here? I'm coming back to Florida to live. Yeah, well that's a bad move, but of course you're coming back from Jersey, right? That's a good move. So anywhere from Jersey is a very positive move, right? Yeah, I'm coming back to the top and all. I'm in the top and all right now. You're going to be driving a pop and all park? I'm moving back to Jersey. I'm going to be driving a pop and all park. Starting next Friday. Oh my god. Yeah. Wow. But if you do remember that you used to flush the toilet. Yeah. You used to flush the toilet when you're heard my name. Yeah. It's the same Mickey McNickle. Yeah, it's the old, how would I remember that? I don't know. It's a Steve Wolf giving me a number call. Now it's Steve Wolf, my good close friend. Well, he said, hey, won't he? Hennessey call. And up anyway. That's an improvement Mickey. What? Well, I'm not going to answer to that. Well, I've won't. He's a good buddy of my dis-relox. He's got a sense of humor. He's got a sense of humor. He's got that Canadian sense of humor. He's got a sense of humor. He's got a sense of humor. First of all, he's driving. He's got a real sense of humor too, but that's another story. You know how that works? I'm not getting into that. Yeah. It's good to hear you. Well, it's good to hear you. I hear my name. And I'm kind of looking forward to hearing the toilet flush. Now, well, maybe I do have one in here just a second. Oh, wait a minute. There he is, huh? There he is, huh? With an extra lime flush. Here is sick as ever, right? I sure am. I'll see you at the finish line. Okay, Mickey. Bye, now. Bye bye. That's incredible. Woo! Heavy duty. Mickey, Mickey, Mickey, Mickey, Mickey. Goast to sure. Well, let me let you. If we let the Haitians in, he will let anybody back in. Just a joke, Mickey. So that takes care of our calls today, which is good. You see that we have this big event happen this morning. And if our was planning on taking calls till noon, that's the end of many way. They got nothing to say. They're busy voting on the pool. 279 votes. What's your take on the 200 plus Haitians who waited here two day. In fact, that day, good poll tomorrow, Mickey. What's worse, the Haitians coming in our Mickey, Mickey, Mickey, Mickey, Mickey, come and dance at excellent pool. You might do that tomorrow. Anyway, no more refugees close the gates, 169, 165%. They should be sent back immediately, 45. They should be allowed to apply for political asylum, 35. They should be all be allowed to stay 16. Only Cubans should be allowed to stay when they reach the US 14. 14. Well, I would be. I mean, we got maybe only 14 Cuban listeners. That could be it. That the ones that got the free in Greek, Eglaci is to get together. I'm in a 10 to 5, 60 WQM, the Jim Mended Show in a studio today from one to three. The Mad Dog, the Angry Puppy, the hostile hound, the hysterical whatever he is. Hank Goldberg with our window minutes four. Hank, we got a full four hours today. Man. Well, times are getting tough, I was more baseball. I know we got Josh Friedman's seven-way to clock tonight. Woo! Heavy duty. We got the Fat Mice therapy between seven and eight. Then we got the Chicago Panther preview between eight and eight thirty. Look at that. Somebody made a mistake on here again. You know, you guys, we got a program director and a, what is the off-manager? And they can't get to schedule right. It says on here 8 to 8 30, Chicago Panther preview. And then it says 730 to 1030, Panthers and Dallas stars. Well, since they're on central time and Dallas, let's assume that the hockey game starts at 830. Can we do that boys and girls? Yeah. These are program director and operations manager. And members make it. Our schedule makers can't get to time. We're on you guys. Any K from G810 and Joe and Mark overnight. Is that incredible? I don't want to be a nitpicker, but you know, get the time. Because we're going to have that fast tune in audience for that hockey game, man. Be incredible. Get at least a point two share. 10 past 10 at 5 60 WQM. Let me tell you right now about a great place. Delights of West Boca, your low carb sugar free. I can't do that superstar. They got a terrific new selection of great low carb cookies. In fact, I'm ready to toss mine after here in Mickey's voice on here. Not just one flavor, but 14 different cookies from three different bakers. And they're all delicious. Peanut butter, chocolate, chocolate chip, lemon coconut, all sugar free or low carb. You can stop by the lights and try these or any or all of their products before you buy them. Just don't overdo it. You don't say don't bring a little bag in with a little sack like the old condo crowd. Delights give us a low for their new low carb bread called sinfully low carb bread spread some of their new. What is it? Lannuba jam on it. And you've got a great low carb breakfast. And don't forget as your official icons that retail center, the lights of West Boca sells every atkins brand product at 25% off. Today tomorrow next circus every day of your life. You're going to reports about the atkins. A lot of people still believe in it. A lot of people still lose and wait like crazy on it. They want guy in channel for lost 30 pounds in atkins. The lights of West Boca is a friendly knowledgeable staff. Lead you down the path to help. They're open every day 10 till 10 right there in the corner. Glades and 441 in prestigious. Call 1 8777 low carb. Check them out of the web if you like it. You'll like it. Low carb.com. I am low. This is port waiting for 5 seconds. You way out. Beans. Don't ask. I go open me all to tonight's Miami Duff and banquet. We'll be starting the evening off with a few words from low Howard David. I gotta get out of my way. I got to think of something odd here. A good evening in Howard Dice. I'm a gentleman in James. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm on a debate on the day is tonight. I almost didn't make it. Because the tailor ran out of bread for my leisure. Yeah. All ducker. All ducker. Yeah. Which reminds me of the time. And my wife was late taking to the garbage shop. She ran after the truck yelling in my two late. And they said no. Jump in. No. Yeah. They said no. Jump in. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. I got a good clue over here. Why should the queer in the spicket all the less? Hey. I'm talking over here. I don't think you're respected attention. Now why don't you dump John Fasten? Just dump. You don't? Why I'll see you do it. That the organising has you all the hay. I think you've heard that. If you missed, no we paid attention. Come on. Come on. Have a good day. Hey. That's not all Grandpa. Sure. I got the regulation for all of my ass. It's an official regulation for both of my ass. Hey. I took what plug for the next time I thought it would be here. You just think that I'd get me raped. That's 16 at 5.16. W.K.M. I'm a whole different hand. Madam Mariah and her 12 little elves. I got some of my tabloids stuff here. I'm going to whip out the good stuff. The man named Diva Mariah Carey has graciously whittled down her on to rise to a mere 12. But one assistant. So one assistant she simply couldn't live without is well her own personal food I know the feeling all those cold cuts and who can tell which ones are poisonous. At least that was the case recently when the pop prince has showed up in Atlanta radio station 40 five minutes late for an interview. Hey, she's getting better. Mariah was an hourly last time he plugged a record of that same venue. Anyway, first a servant rubbed down her or a can of coke with anti-bacterial moist outlets before handing it over. And then the lucky prod of the singer's turkey sandwich with a fork, looking inside and out before Miss Mariah was allowed to munch. Meanwhile, another assistant moved a photographer around to our glam post could be shot from her good side, which apparently is her right side, no telling with the other 10 in the Pasi do. Now the plot thickens. Mariah didn't need her meal and her sandwich plus the anti-coke can in the use tell that's where we auctioned off on eBay. Mariah scooted off to dinner where another in her Pasi a personal masseuse rubbed queen East Toe as well. She gorged on lobster and sashimi tuna as she tatted with rapper DeBret. Who exactly is DeBret here? They want to know in a globe. You hear that? I think I'm getting a corporate disease here. Sounds like a massive lawsuit to me. I didn't have that one. I can't back here. Oh, that's not good. Man. There's something in the better. That'll double do it every time. Can't believe such a lame response on his sahation thing or I thought we could at least five six hours with it. Who would he QAM? QAM? Hello? Hello? Yes sir. How you doing? Pretty good. First time I recall it. Okay. I was up and doing the hs situation but I guess curious about something. I arrived down 441 in the Grand Rap Strolling Wall of the Sun and I see that hard rock Hotel on its scene always be in build over there. Have you ever anything about this? Are the Indians going to just open up and tell the state to go scratch? No. They're just building a big hard rock to do the same type of setup that they have right now. I don't know. Probably you should cut to default about the Indians. He's got to probably a better contact than I do. I don't know anything about the Indians plans anymore. I just see every day and I know you know it's got a lot of things. I just really curious about this. It just doesn't make a lot of sense to admit this to a big gigantic hotel and because you'll be in build over there just a $10 poker game. Yeah. I agree with you. I have no idea what they have in mind. Maybe they've got some ends with a governor. If you think that this repressive backwater state is ever going to have real casinos, man you're dreaming. Not going to happen. I know it's never going to happen. I think it's the most you take this thing in the world. We can have all the schools we wanted with you know. That's right. That's right. But the good eat to choose all those Bible-thumpers, man. You know, they push with one hand and they pull away with the other. They're right. They push with one hand. Yeah. All right. Go to the photo. Or any an often. Thanks a lot. All right. Bye. Good night. Vote early an often on Tuesday. Vote. No mask on bush. No mask on the bush. Myster. Okay. Johnny Carson's a battling skin cancer. Aren't you concerned about that? See, I try to clip off these things that everybody's going to be very concerned about. He's only 110. As if chronic amphasema. Oh, I sure hope I'm not getting any. Is that it? Yeah. You do? Here. Here. What? What? What? What? I'm not going to be here. See, now you're gagging. I look at that. Now he's choking and gagging and puking. It's great. There's something in the ear and hear, man. And it still can't get the time out on the schedules for the stupid hockey game. Still got no champion like I'm not belly. Can you understand? I'm in a great mood. I'm in paradise for a very few days. As if chronic amphasema and heart bypass were enough to deal with sources say TV Legend Johnny Carson is now battling skin cancer. Oh, hey. The 77 year old retired tonight show host has had lesions removed from both his head and his arms. The inquarer has learned exclusively. The growth's right identified as basal cell carcinoma, a cancer that occurs most frequently on sun damage skin on the face ears neck, scalp shoulders and back. As so many of you folks in South Florida should know who keep baking your skin out there, who keep frying yourself like a French fry. Johnny has spent many hours outdoors sailing his voter plank tennis on his course of a malibus to the source. He rarely wore a hat or long sleeve shirt and for much of his life he never wore sunblock. All of that sun damage caught up with him. Vazal cell cancers can be successfully treated by removing the lesions or exposing the irradiation, but follow up his crucial experts say up to half all patients will develop another cancer within five years. Dr. Jerome Litt, assistant professor of dermatology at Case Western Reverse Reserve University who was not treated Johnny to the inquirer. Incredibly Carson's undergoing treatment for skin cancer before, frankly. What's incredible about that? See, I love the inquirer. And usually we can depend on what they got in there like this through I have a little later on. What's his name Robert Blake and one on John Beney and this and that. But they got a story in there which the November fifth issue obviously was put to bed before they captured the newspapers. Right. And they got a thing in there about their tie-ins with a terrorist in with Al Qaeda and Al Qaeda tells them that white vehicles blended in conspicuously, you know, the white van. Come to find out it was a bloke of praise. Oh, a little embarrassment there. Okay. The credibility just went out a little bit of a notch. You know, don't start speculating about the snipers, okay, who are in custody and we have our after-hour now of which state is going to which jurisdiction is going to fry them and try them and all of this other crap. And the day we're really stealer freight train. Johnny's had a number of lesons within the last several years the family friend said, but not as long as long as it's not in the little money figures it's not going to kill him. The alien stars got plenty of other health problems to worry about here. What quadruple bypassed refolding a heart attack in 99 has developed emphysema. See how much better it now? Seriously. When and out. Breathe it out. Breathe in. Breathe out like they see on passions. I'll tell you one thing, passions against a small bill, which is the most far-fetched. Last night was a little bit disappointing to be that episode. I couldn't, I don't know. Okay. All we did see Clark at a big-any-earth swimming. Also disappointing. Maybe that's what he was in his bathing, so. That's probably what it was. 10 on the face about an eight on the body, Tom. Not the best, you know? Despite what he says in public as emphysema's gotten worse to family friends, said, sometimes he can't exert himself without sitting down and resting every 15 minutes. When contacted by the inquire, Carson spoke to the nephew Jeff Saetzig said, I'm not going to come in on Johnny's personal life. Well, excuse us, okay. If excuse us for acting. And guess what we, we don't care anyway. Do you really care about that? I mean, you know, I mean, he never stole a freight train either. He's not a bad guy. I'm thinking it was all that funny. Highly overrated. Huh? Yeah, but I still don't care. No, you don't care because you're a punk. What tell do you? Would no Johnny Carson from Goddam Johnny, Lou Jack for Johnny Dark. In fact, you know, Johnny Dark first because you kicked him out of here yesterday. Yeah, what does he do in here yesterday? Well, why you people bugging me? Let me give you an example. I'll give you two little stories. The first story is my mother's always talking about. She makes up these excuses why she splits it out. Pretty embarrassing. Everywhere she goes, like she goes to the doctor. She's sitting in a waiting room. Oh, I happened to tell this lady on me, a Rogers mother. And I wondered myself, how is it that she tells everybody she's Neil Rogers mother? You know, I know, where is the context of the conversation, you know? So she's at the doctor the other day. And she tells some woman on Neil Rogers mother and the woman's awesome old bag. You know, oh, my God. You know, my mother. So there's some other old lady, a friend of this first old bag that my mother's talking to. And the first old bag goes over to old bag number two. And she says, you know, that's Neil Rogers mother. And all my goodness. That's Neil Rogers mother. And then she whispered to him, who's Neil Rogers? See, there you go, mom. It's about time to cut up with you. Okay? Who's Neil Rogers? Excellent. And story number two, Jeff Cohen, at the pizza law. Now, was there with my good friend Marcy a week ago to check out the new pizza law. The food was great. They're in plantation. Wrap you on Walgreens. And pony tail sits down with us, but a bit, but a bit. But of course, he couldn't do his dirty stories because Marcy was there. And I mean, you know, you're a little bit more reserved when he got a lady there. So he wasn't doing his usual pornographic stories. And he says, you know, thanksgiving. I'm thinking about coming up to Toronto. You want some company for a couple of days? You see what I'm saying? It's called clingsons. I don't like clingsons. I don't like that. I don't socialize with him when I'm here. Why do I want to socialize with him in Toronto? You thought of what I'm saying? And the answer is, I didn't even respond. I didn't, I just didn't respond. Now, when Joan's buddies came up there, that was okay because they were there. We went to a couple meals together. But Jeff Cohen fancy he's going to come up there and like, we're, we're, we're clinging on. I don't want him up there. I mean, he can go ahead. Be my guest. Have a good time, you know. Get out of here, Jeff. 300, 17 votes on a poll. What's your take? I see took that other crap off. I don't want any alien people coming up. I don't blame you. Maybe they'll send Marys greasy ass up there after you. What's your take on the 200 plus Haitians who made it here Tuesday? No more refugees close the gates. 59.9% 190 of you say that. They should be sent back immediately. 50 if not sooner. 15.7%. They should be allowed to apply for political asylum. 43. Then send them back. They should all be allowed to stay 19. A pulpy 5.9%. And only humans should be allowed to stay when they reach the US. 15. Of course, that's the law. The Westwood Dry Foot, Redneck, whatever the thing is. Yeah, we take a look. It's a law. It's a ridiculous law. But the reason they got that ridiculous law on a book, so the reason it won't be a sponge from the books is because the politicians are all weak. The even scared crapless because the Cubans vote. The old Cubans vote. The old white Wayne Cubans vote. The other Cubans are out there getting laid. They're on keep his gain. Concerting in the park. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh who know when just turned it and did you, wild, not so good? I hear them. the best. Even she says they're the best. Everybody I know says they're the best and you want to know why? Because they are. Nobody in the world does a more superior job of cleaning even the worst looking carpets at a very fair price which they give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start the job. And they do it in no time at all. They dry clean your carpets, they're drying a couple of hours, they smell them and they fresh. And they look just like brand new. It's amazing. And they also do the same super work. I'm cleaning all your furniture and draperies, spot dyeing, fiber protection, carpet repairs, and plunder-weighted or rug service. The authorization. If you have a flood in the house complete water damage restoration too, check them out on the way if you like it. Dryconcepts.com. But better yet give them a call because if you use them once you'll never even think about using anybody else. In Broward called 950-437788. That's 950-437778. In date or Palm Beach is a tool free call 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 clean today entertained tonight with dry concept. My life and local, we're sports radio 560-USUAM. You A-M. Hey, Willan, right now. No, you don't. You wearing sexual. You'll hang up the phone. If you choose these all tick-toe. Through the sexual with me. Oh, I haven't had a sexual. I got you there. I got you there. I'm actually a lesbian. 1032 at 560-WD. Come on, what I play in Irrin's summers. Most of the people listening on QM-D, even though who you are. In summers wasn't including Carlos. But the sexual would not an IOD a few years ago. Oh, good. Didn't say, well, I'm tiny Tim thing. I had nothing to do with Irrin. I have to do with tiny Tim. Tiny Tim's bride Miss Vicki falls for Rabbi charged with murder. Was that talking just the other day about these crazy people at the fall of the mother of people in jail? Yeah. Well, here's another one. And this course in the year globe, so there's a chance it could be true. Miss Vicki, the wife of the late Carltsinger, Tiny Tim, hopes to tiptoed on the hour with a rabbi if the skirt chasing holy man beats the rap for his wife's murder. Oh, he thinks he's innocence as a French. He thinks they're going to be together. Victoria Lombardy who became known as Miss Vicki when she went to any. On Johnny Carson. Look at that. On Johnny Carson's TV, talk show in 69. It all fits together. Maybe you stick this in here and you stick that over there and put a finger in your back. Oh, you got it made. When she wed Tiny Tim on Johnny Carson's TV, talk show in 69 is now the main squeeze of 61 year old rabbi Fred Newlander. Well, that sounds like a ghost named to me. Fred Newlander, currently being retired, are retired for his wife's murder. Sources say Vicki met Newlander. He thought a cocktail party was introduced to by mutual friends in 98. That same year Newlander was charged with harrowing the two men who used metal pipes to beat his wife Kirls brains in at her cherry hill New Jersey home. Cherry hill New Jersey Mickey right across from Garden State were used to be. Coffs originally thought rabbi was the motor for the Grizzly killing. I tell you, Cherry Hill, not a bad place. Police that used to be a bad place before kind of changed the neighborhood. Coffs originally thought rabbi was the motor for the Grizzly killing. Mom of three Carroll 52 men is debaicky reportedly a take-in-one $5,000 in cash receipts that as she was murdered in 1994. Private our Lynn Jen Offlayer confessed to Coffs that Newlander paid him in a countless 18 grand to kill Carol and also promised to get a majority of his really secret service. Nineter is voted to convict the man of the man of paradise first rau which ended in the Hungry last year but Mickey is still a hundred percent behind the Romo rabbi even though he admitted to cheating on his wife numerous times during their marriage. He was having a fair with a filial figure radio personality to the mother. She's very susceptible to romance as horse-closed or says. Mickey 50 would formally work as a gogo dancer in model and ourselves furniture and sissy in a rabbi or just pals. Thread is my friend I'm he's she tells the globe. His family and our friendly we got together to decide who would take care of what. A little what what I decided I would take care of his car in his mail. She said but adds the source miss Vicki's always been attracted to the line-light and public figures. She kind of sounds to me like Bonnie Bakley and what I'm saying Bonnie Bakley. Uh oh don't be making the same mistake honey. Bad move. What a great segue by the way in the Robert Blake story in the inquirer which. Up until this week's edition we've got high credibility. When I started talking about the white van and white vehicles in Alkaira this and Alkaira that was a very good idea. More wild speculation that's what American media is all about wild speculation because they got a lot of time to fill up a lot of pages to fill up. Well we think it could be this and we think it might be that and we think we don't know what God damn thing. And I see it doesn't take any time to say we just don't know and then then what you do then. You know. But what do you do then? I don't know. Oh no can't do that. So we got to bring all these experts on there. There's an expert and a pervert and a revert and a world whatever else. And they're all on their fun pop pop pop pop pop. Pick me in and of course how many times did we have to see what's his name on it. Oh god. Go deedle. Good, golem is mom. Boed deele. It was like Boed deele all boed deele all day on eras CNN. Fox and MSNBC. The network news. He was all over the place. If you look what I had like a little mirror when you sat down on the on the bull. was everywhere. He was hanging out everywhere. It looked like Boddhiddle. Blake murder bombshell in the inquire where Hitman taped his phone call about Bonnie. Say cops. Startling the evidence could nail Burretta star. Uh-oh. Uh-oh. But it's a good thing George is near today he'd be in mourning. Because he loves Robert Blake. He's in fact I think he's secretly in Myers the fact he killed that bitch. He loves it. And there's the picture. Do you see that with a white hair? I mean, his white as the fallen snow in canon day when New York. Robert Blake cops have kept the tape a closely guarded secret says the inquire. Los Angeles police have a bombshell piece of evidence. They believe a put accused murder or Robert Blake behind bars for good. The tape of the act you're asking someone to kill his wife Bonnie Lee Bakley. One of the potential hitman that Blake approached to give it to his wife tape record in their phone call a source post investigation tool the inquire were exclusively. Cops have kept the existence of this tape a closely guarded secret. But they're convinced that this is exactly what they'll need to get a murder conviction against Blake. On the tape, Blake is upset even sounds like he's crying. He talks about Bonnie's scams and how horrible they are. He talks about how Bonnie is ripping off men with male order scams revolving around sex. He says Bonnie is milking him from money while ripping off other men. He tells the potential hitman that he says his which end doesn't know what to do. Blake complains that Bonnie just won't stop her scams. Then he talks about his image and he says he's concerned that if she gets busted and reflect poorly on him. Blake is a little cagey when it comes to saying he wants Bonnie out of the picture. He says he needs the problem taken care of. He indicates that he needs Bonnie removed from his life permanently. He doesn't come out and use the word murder, but the cops say this tape conversation leaves little doubt that he was soliciting a hit on his wife. It's blockbuster evidence. It's going to be very difficult for Blake to overcome. This he talks about how difficult his life is with Bonnie and that they have a child together. He wants her out of the picture. It's chilling. It says the inquire has reported that several potential hitman were approached by the 69 year old former brother star who's remained behind bars for more than 26 weeks and has been denied bail while waiting to December hearing. In our last issue July 9th and our issue last July 9th, we reported never before revealed the tales from the case after an exhaustive review of 400 pages of official police documents obtained by the inquire. The documents revealed that stopman will get even the majority told police Blake met with them and said how's $10,000 sound to walk over in popper. Yeah, how's $10,000 sound to walk over to where in popper? He said Blake took him to his house showed him the rear apartment where Bonnie lived and said someone could sneak into the sliding glass door and popper off while she was asleep or that she could be stopped on the road and someone could popper that way. McCarty told cops Blake had showed him a gun and when he refused the job like has them. Why not? Yeah, it's like an Amsterdam. Coat? Crack? Not interested. Why not? Another bread is stuntman Donald Ronald Duffy Hamilton. No relation to Duffy Dirty. Told police it was asked by Blake to kill Vatic. A bit of cookthings, Duffy Dirty still coached Michigan State. Another bread is stuntman Ronald Buffy Hamilton told police it was asked by Blake to kill Bonnie but refused when the actor mentioned digging two graves, fearing one meat, it might be for him. Hamilton told investigators he met with Blake at his house and the actor solicited him to kill his wife showing away 25 caliber semi automatic he said was untraceable. Police said Hamilton told in the scenario involved Blakely's seated and Blake's car parked on a road. I would then approach her on foot in killer. According to police, Blake also solicited a third stuntman to do the job also to climb and a fourth who died. Ah, Chase, he probably would have gotten another better job. He died? Yeah. He died. And it didn't please say Blake had discussions with the retired LAPD cop and longtime friend about killing Bonnie. Blake approached at least three former buddies who were stumbling at one time or another on Baretta and a fourth who passed away and inside a truly inquire. There were so many people he had revealed his plan to and asked to do the job. It's not surprising one of these guys got him on tape. It appears in the end Blake did the job himself but by asking so many others to do it for him it may help convict him and audio tape could help convince the jury. He done it. How do you like that huh? What's with the stuntman? I mean, are stuntmen? Do they move letters as killers at night? Well, stop and think about how many jobs are there for stuntmen? Good point. Yeah. So they got to do something in their spare time. A little hit over here, a little hit over there and then we go back in the tumble around a little bit. That's it. Seriously, being a stuntman can't involve that much work. Oh, I would imagine the very highly paid when you think. I would think so. You would think so but maybe not. Twenty before 11 at five 60 WQA amount of tremendous Tuesday were getting a phenomenal response to yesterday's big news to really had a phone board as a call on. It's a good thing I brought a lot of stuff here. Yeah, tabloid Tuesday and then we got that new into one hour because this business is going back to the phones again. Let's see today's Wednesday lasted what? Thursday Friday, month four days. And now I see a, you know, a rare, rare fact year old form again. Little of Neil, that old fat Neil the water where we want the calls, but we don't want to make him okay. That's okay. Don't feel like don't worry about it. I can handle it. 354 votes on the pool. What's your take? What's your take on the 200 plus Haitians awaited to show you yesterday? 360 now. No more refugees close the gates to 119 60.8% people with a common sense. Let's get control of immigration policy. Especially while we're supposedly worried about terrorists got them 60.8% plus another 15.5% say they should be sent back immediately 56 people said that. So right there you got 76.33%. They should be allowed to apply for political solemn 47. You said that. They should all be allowed to stay 21. Only Cuban should be allowed to stay when they reach US 17. So there you are. Tom Lamin and Halid Paniak and GMCC no tricks this Halloween just treats Halloween tomorrow night, right? Yep. It's going to rain like hell. Oh, a not saying the grand zero. I would degrade zero percent Halloween event going on right now at Halid with a proof credit from GMAC you heard it right. Get zero down payment and zero percent financing up to 60 months on all 2002 Paniak and GMCC models and select 2003s or take you a revisit up to $4500 dollars. Here's even more treats not tricks. Zero payments for 90 days and is always at Halid zero hassles. You love shopping there because there's no high pressure. They treat you right. That's why the big goes strong for 35 years in that same great location at Halid Paniak GMCC. They don't ticker by with the customers and if your credit is a lausy, they'll still cut you to the illegitue into the car or a truck or whatever SUV of your choice. Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs including the onboard and a great new Paniak Vibes UV and check out their great selection of use cars trucks and SUVs as well. It's the great zero percent Halloween event that's going on right now at Halid Paniak. Tell Tom Lamin that old Neil and Carlos and everybody else in Bob Eisenberg with his great new piece said hello. Open every day, seven days a week at Halid from rainfall, call him at 305-238-4040. That's 305-238-44. Did I say 154-136-1? You asked when a cross in the falls will I just did. Halid Paniak GMC who be professional greatest. Hi! And hello! This is 4-3-056. You way! You way! Then to the more on-hour at night at Clarkfield here more. Well thanks for being nice to me today, Mom. Yeah, those mentioned it's Goldie. You're not going to get great to get today, are you? Yeah, you know why. Why is that? Oh, cause rape's not funny, but I ain't going to be a mean man, normal. If they think that's funny, that's fine by me. Wow! You really changed your way! Ah, if I get about it. I'm turning over all the old no-fing Newton Leafs. You have a nice day of paradise, my lovely friend. Hey, Mom! Look out for that truck! Oh, look! Look out for that truck! Oh, look! Oh, look! Like a shapeless pile of gold! Oh, you! You! Oh, look! There's no my respect. I stole it, you! I wasn't even pulled before that master. I used to do my shoes. I don't want to stay on the ground. Outside of the inn and as the old schmucky wasn't bad. It's a marxiah. Oh, how would David stand? Oh, how would David stand? But his wings left high. I'm getting a helmet. Oh, how would David stand? But his wings left high. Oh, how would David stand? But his wings left high. Oh, how would David stand? 146 is 560. A mad dog will be here at one o'clock. Here, it's really amazing to me. And it's good that I am back in the building because every person who comes in here unsolicited. Now, don't mention it was just in here. It'll be a tip-off. Everybody that comes in. And I haven't seen some of these people in a while. I'll have them at other time most of the summer. And they, after like, hey, how you doing? How's your summer? And they started on Mo. I don't let up on that son of a bitchy. And they just hate him like poison. So if not just us on a show, Mo, we're all on you, baby. Maybe something I'm suck whole sport whole idiots that call you in the morning and suck your ass. Maybe they'll you fool them, okay? You're not fooling anybody on the inside. Is there anybody on the inside? Oh, who is not a him? God, almighty. Seriously, that morning that Greg was sniffing at the bull because Howard had just walked out of there and forgot to flush. Said, oh, he's right. It doesn't stink. Come on, Greg. Who the hell are you, kid, and baby? Everybody else is onto it. Nobody QAM, hello. QAM. See, I don't understand. You put these assholes on hold. They just don't get it. WQAM. What's the way to take you? Yeah, good. Then the feeling is mutual. Five six, not one call on the board now. Five six, seven, oh, five sixty. You wanted to call them. I see. It just relax. That's not psychologically. That's not a good way to do it. Five six, seven, oh, five sixty. Palm five sixty on the AT&T line. See what I'm saying on you, idiots. And what? Oh, well, yeah. It's pond risk like Tom Jika out there. I'm not going to sit here in big people to call. On the day after we had this, a big uprising over there on Biscayne Boulevard. I mean, keep us whatever it is. Keep us gain. Same difference. Land of lost dreams. I mean, I got enough stuff here to go until midnight. But these people, I meant, but. Wait, wait. You bunch of winers. A bunch of complainers. That's a problem with this time. Complainers. Wait. See, I want my team to go out there and kick some ass. You know, that's what's important to me in life. I want to see my team go out there and win by 70, 80, 100 points. Oh, and guess what? Guess what was on on Smallville last night, would you know, watch it so you wouldn't know. And nobody called it and pick up on it. Because we got about four people. I want even kid Korea who loves that show, which I didn't realize. Power 96 loves Smallville. Because that's their punks that watch it and me. They had this draw on it. This girl who was like very attractive blonde, high school girl. But it turns out that she's like a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a like a witch or something, where she's been living for hundreds of years. And she sucks every time she kisses a guy, she sucks the life out of his body and mysteriously dies and ages and gets this aging disease. So, well, what's your name, Chloe? That's always a looking up stuff who writes for the, uh, high school newspaper. She looks in a computer and she checks out the her background and isn't it? And guess where she was in school where South Florida, type or high. How do you like that? Oh, wow. South Florida, type or high school on a small week. We always make it on a course you turn out to be a murdering bitch and poor Clark had to get rid of her in the end. So to speak. And she just like, uh, kind of sure will up to look like kind of like screw in there at the end of the show. I'll screw it up. Probably smell better. WCU AM. Hey, Neil, how are you doing today? Okay. Listen, Neil, I want to ask you a question. Since you did a great job of destroying the first team, I can't get back again out of here. Blow it out to your ass. I destroyed the first team. Okay. Call out Greg. Ask him about it. 5605605 and you who that is. That's one of their electronics. That's either row, uh, what's your, what's your, what's your call it? One of those jets guide. It's one of the same crowd. Do you guys have destroyed the worst team? Okay. You chronics. And don't waste any more of our fast paper either by the way. WCU AM. My guy is really a loser man. Yeah. God records. I love you. Okay. Great. Good call. WCU AM. Neil. Yes, sir. Neil, uh, long time listener. First time caller. Okay. And send the send the Haitians back. And I am a Cuban and I say send some of the Cuban back. No, absolutely. In fact, you and I can pick and choose which ones. How's that? Yeah. Neil. Hey, McGell, you're going back. Go ahead. We're talking about hockey. Yeah. Hockey. Yeah. Yeah. You got me hooked on hockey, Wayne. So let's see about 12 years. But you know, we used to have a team here. Yeah. I know. A long time ago. And I followed him for the first few years. And he lost his one. They got the standing company for everybody off. Say goodbye to hockey. Yeah. Good for you. Good choice. Neil, happy birthday. Thanks a lot. Bye bye. I'm Revit Erchi. I'm getting Palette. Just relax. Okay. He'll take care of his own. His actually, his numbers are basically about the same as they had before. All fairness. I looked it up. And we're going to house him off with my copy of the book. I can't get anything to that. I don't want to start sound like a grumpy old man. Like somebody else that I don't want to mention his name. I'm getting Palette. But, uh, you know, can't get no. And it, it turned on me forget to mind bringing in my own like diet soda. Because if I have to depend on these people, I got three cases I stored away. Don't tell anybody. Get out of here, Petty. You're best having phony go away. You don't go away, Mad. You and McGill handed hand down the aisle. I can see it now. In Vegas, would you all cut stolen his wife? See, Voka Bryan was belly-yakin about that yesterday. You know, I mean, I like Joey's a good guy in a friend. But, uh, I don't know. Ah, we had a good time in Toronto. Him and his buddies. We went out to eat a couple of times. It was okay. I showed him the ropes. But, uh, when he gives somebody a wedding invitation first of all on a CD, a rom that you got to put in your hard drive. See, Voka Bryan don't want to stick no strange CD into his hard drive. You know, he'd rather stick it in his- Back to him. He anywhere, but on his hard drive. And number two, when you have to, when they're having a wedding in Vegas, and you have to spend hundreds or even a couple of thousand dollars to fly out to Vegas to somebody's wedding, that's not my idea. I didn't realize that. I'm just not going to be here anyway, so I couldn't go. I couldn't go either, but- What? When you can't afford to go to Vegas, when you get that check yours? Well, that's right. That's not until January. And a wedding's in December. I'm sorry about that. Now, I just don't know what that's like when somebody offers you to- Invites you to come to their wedding and get married in Vegas? I mean, if you're going to be in Vegas, I can see that, but I'm not going to spend- a fortune for a plane ticket to- to go to Vegas for a jo and, uh, what's your name is wedding? What is your name? You know, I've got a mental block. It's your name, I'm sorry. It just came back to me. It's your name. Sorry, your name. Because I like to need a lot, Joe, I used to like him a lot more, but he's- W-Q-A-M. Good morning, Neil. How are you doing? Okay, sir. I'm quick comment about the immigrants. I'm not one of the people who's the damn bitches because I- Yeah, I don't understand the language that doesn't- I'm not even answering me, but my aunt's wife was Colombian, and she brought her whole family over here. Did she bring her with drugs? Uh, I think she left the drugs behind the camera. I'm a family, but- She had her brother come over here with her sister. Her sister was here and her brother was legal, her brother claimed that her sister's three kids were all hers. Oh, his. Oh, boy. Now he's getting welfare and food stamps all around. Her pack dollars are going to feed these people and take care of this garbage. And it's a little bit frustrating. And I just want to leave off by- I leave off by telling you that I think small bill of the next one show. Uh-huh. I'm a heterosexual male, and I think he's a great- little guy. It's a great show. All right, you're my kind of guy, pal. Have a great day. And back to you and save some of them drugs for us. So how do you like that? There's a guy that would be an interesting story. And of course, that's only one story. And they could sit in how many more of those stories. There were all, yeah, we got all our relatives here. And they lied, make up stories. I'm not saying that everybody who came over there. Some of them are hardworking people through your four. But- uh- Other than that, like Miguel, for example. There's a good example of a guy that came over on a banana boat or something. And Chicago or somewhere. How to get up there. And- uh- he don't let the finger last year was at a different story. He worked his ass off. And I guess he figured this year. Since they screwed him over, they didn't give him the increase. Now he does nothing. I think it goes on the van. And he only goes on the appearances where there's booze. What is that? The only one he goes on on the ones where there's free booze. Other than that, he can't be bothered. He's busy breaking in that new mattress. WCWAM. Deal. Yes, sir. Uh, what's- what's the sidekick that can't speak English on the show? Sidekick that can't speak English? The Carlos and the girl and all these guys. Yeah, that's a good point. Let's get some English speaking guys on here. You're right. Bring the damn bird back. The birds coming back Monday. All right. Okay, thanks. Ha ha ha ha. Yeah, wait a minute. Wait a minute. I got it. I got it here. Just relax. Yeah, I think we can bring the bird back. I mean, we can't bring him back to life, but we can always- There you go. That's all we need. Little bird cackling the back. Cross all you ever did anyway. And eat. Now he was okay. He was good guy. Don't be picking on dead people. That's bad. That's George's job. George hated the bird. He- George hates everybody. He just unnasty, miserable little spick. I mean, he's okay, but he's a nasty. WCWAM. Deal. Yes, sir. I got a real dumb question for you. Go ahead ahead. Why you answer and call? You know the list is out here. That's absolutely nothing to say. You just get to get frustrated in another three or four days of picking call and dealing with them launch. What your call is so far not that bad? Well, I'm- I'm not saying it's great. No, I would say the call's today have been okay. We had a lot of two answers, but that's what spices up a little bit. Well, I mean, you got a great show. I love this. I'll tell you keep up the good work. And what my words one week from now, you're going to stop answering. But you see the good part of that is I've got plenty of experience. Now, from last day months, if I get set up with the calls, I don't have to take him. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, I got you. I got you. It's dealer's choice. Okay, have a great day. Yeah, you fit. Thanks. See, there's a guy as a good guy. And he understands what it's all about. I have no problem with taking calls. If I'm, look, a couple of crazy people, a couple of crank calls. No problem. But when like nine out of ten are idiots, I mean, then it creates a problem. You follow what I'm saying? When almost everybody calls like that, like that, or like, that guy? Who'd I only said? That's not a radio show. But the fact of the matter is you've got to beat these people and what these people because this is not a place where the people are like, hey, friendly and outgoing and live, hey, and how you doing? No, not here. Not here. This is an unfriendly place. This is a place where you know your neighbors and you fear them. That's right. Nobody QAM. QAM, hello. Neil? Yes, sir. Neil, I've listened to you for years. I've met you in person. You're a totally different person. When you meet here, you're a great person. You have a great personality. A listen to these cranks calling, it's real in the radio show. It's the only thing left for us to listen to. Mm-hmm. On the radio. Neil, what do you mean on the radio? So I think left in this town is the show. So you only see the show? Exactly. We do appreciate Neil. I watched that piece on 60 minutes about stuff. The translators were told to slow down. Right. Because they're trying to get more money for the FBI. Right. Now, you know, when I'm not in the football, right? When I see reports like that, you would think that you would look out the door and see your writing in the street. Oh, yeah. Yeah. You know, it's just amazing. But yeah, you know, it's like you would hear the next day on the news. So this piece was broadcast on 60 minutes. What are we going to do about it? Oh, yeah. All right. The American public is so most of the most part, it's so dumb and so uneducated and so out of it that all they give a crap about is their own little myopic view of life. They know nothing about the rest of the world. And so they can be so easily brainwashed and let around by the nose. Just like this irracting, man. There's no reason that we need to be going in there. There's no reason in the world. So they just keep making up one story after another story. And if that doesn't work, they make up some other thing about how kind of this. And the public is, yeah, whatever you say, you know, like Frank Pentangeli, yeah, sure. It's not going in there. It's what the fall out after work. You know, that's doing not going to be able to control. You think the American can reason that far ahead can expand. And it's mine. No. Yeah, I explained this to my children when they hear all these reports on this knife are about telling. Every minute here's Jeff Bush for Chinese. It should be the same for Haitians. And I've urged the, I've made that case to, But there's Jeff Bush in a little Haiti sucking up to the Haitians. And DC one more time. Yeah, he's sucking up. I'm sorry. You're going to hear. Neil, I was like, explain it to my children. We have to put up with a bad news reporting. 90% of the time just to get a five minute piece. Good piece like was on 60 minutes. Yeah. Yeah. No, but nobody cares. Nobody cares. Just like, when murder or everything else, everybody So they'll sanitize. They don't give a crap. Yeah, also, they'll keep reading those pieces because a lot of us don't have the time or all the information that you come up with. We've got five easy pieces for our next hour. Have a great day, pal. Thank you, sir. Okay. Nothing like an easy piece. My life and love. This is for 2056. You're the only way to weigh. Fab. The heart is dirty. Who's he kidding? But I mean, but I'm up. Back in the day when someone done a strong, we didn't take their cry. In Pearl Harbor, when the jams dropped their bombs, we bomb them back. And now the Saudis, they hit us hard. And on our cards, our little flags, wings. As the Saudis love and retired, points of bombers the wrong way. And other barriers to be in Americans, where they find no worse like she learned you died in space of Americans. And by Bush and his family, we'll make us a country from up. And the late North to the darkest days, and I history. I don't want to be a tax-a-mariner. In the goddamn USA. Stupid. What's a few thousand innocent lives stop living in the mess? If you want that SUV to drive, you're gonna need more gas. You're a great country in the world. They train us too, will we? And anyone who says that obviously ends up for to be. And not embarrassed to be in America, where we take triad of the police. We've a flagged wood has with our head in the sand and lightly follow the powers that he have a fantastic p*** up. Washington State for News on a six-day five-inch-free, scratcher falls and pie, everything's okay. And the goddamn USA. Here's to mind the took the old out of country in that bit. It's 11-03 at 5.60, WQA, so the governor was just on air out of jabs, there. Go in butter meat, butter meat, and the Haitians had him almost backed up in a corner there. And he's going on about well, they deserve the same treatment as the Colombians and the Jamaicans and the Nicolaguan. He didn't mention a Cuban, though. He was very cautious not to say that. And he says, well, you're right, they all should get due process and one, the Haitian woman just right up in his face, he said, well, we want you to go and tell your brother to turn them loose to tell your brother. You think he's going to tell his brother, anything? Except, no, we got to fix it again for you. Next time, who are you, can? So there's another reason to vote against Jeff Bush because he says that these people want to be a lot of stay here. Chinese and Haitians and anybody also makes it here, they have a right. Everybody needs to be treated the same. Everybody get it. Political persecution, my ass, this has got nothing to do with that. This is economics, baby. Economics, that's what this is all about. Economic, refuel, ease. Now, if you're ready to let an every starving person in the world in this country and we can feed them in housing and giving food, stamps and welfare and a 57 Chevy and a driver's license and whatever else. And that's great. Then you should vote for Jeff Bush next to you today. Because he's full of crap. He doesn't believe that for one second. But then got him between our crock and hard places, what they got him right now. So like I said, there's 50 more, I don't understand how it can be hidden the polls. It just, it just, it just, it mazes me. It's astonishing to me. I can understand the two newspapers because they're full of crap. But how anybody with a brain out there and, of course, I remember this is Florida. So I say anybody with a brain out there and I start looking at no here's one, but there's another one. WDQAM. Deal? Yes, sir. I, I, I, I don't care you and then my truck with them. I'm glad around. I really didn't get caught up early this morning. A lot of his immigration thing with the Haitians who want to. Yeah. What, what if that vote has been a high speed power vote voted down with terrorists and C4 attacking the British? You know, something that's the best point it's been made all day. And the fact is that the Coast Guard saw the vessel coming. They had no idea that they said there a bunch of people on there. But, but they had no idea what else was on there and you're right. They could have done anything they wanted. They didn't enter the interdictimancy. There was an article on the air all this morning and they referred to the local politicians who both said, oh no, it's different. It's different. It's different. There are Haitians who disagree. Immigrant. But it's not different. Yeah. It's the same name. Right. There is the whole one security here. Now, happened. Now. I'm, I'm a voter. I spend a long time on the water and it's why it opened up there. Totally why it opened up. Yeah. Make sure makes you feel safe, doesn't it? The third. Anyway, after Happy Birthday, next week. Thanks a lot. Remember to vote. Okay, thanks. Okay. Here's the fact this is like I said yesterday. It always be chronic then. Bush sucks. We need to close the borders where everyone lets help the people live here. First time from Cuba to Cuba to send it. Strong with the leave that all damn Cubans coming in the country now are worse than ever. Oh, yeah. Carlos is smiling here. He agrees with you. He says, once you're here it's okay, but the new ones come in and get out of here. My grandparents came over to 60s with my mother and aunt. They worked their ass off in this country. They started out in New Jersey and worked their way down here. They believe the same thing we do close the borders leave everyone up. P. Adams, Poo also says, go McBride and hello George. How do you like that? He covered all the bases there. You said, go McBride and hello George and that too. So everybody's ripped up into our friends, you okay? See that's another problem in his town. Everybody is all ripped up about it. It's, and of course they have it in Europe too. And Britain, they're like psychotic with the people coming in. Illegal aliens coming in and it Amsterdam and the Netherlands. It's the Moroccans and the Algerians are coming by the crap load. Just tons of them, which isn't to say that they're all bad people. Just, you know, but they do pedal a lot of drugs on the streets. I'll take it that. But nevertheless, some competition for the Rostish rose over there, I guess. But you know, you gotta have control of your immigration. You can't just let everybody come in and this guy met a great point. The Coast Guard sees this vessel coming. Obviously, it's not legal that they have no business coming here. So why don't they introduce him? It's see why doesn't the goddamn government? Why doesn't the state of Florida? Why doesn't the goddamn federal government, the Coast Guard, take the bull by the goddamn horns? Heard the newspaper, the newspaper. You heard the newspaper. You heard the newspaper. Then these people saying that the boat slipped by the Coast Guard. Yeah, it slipped by. I think somebody in the Coast Guard was wearing a slip. Probably a pink one. Okay. It slipped by. That's great. And then the governor, we do want to go to the comments. He made their rally as break was on. I was listening to his idiotic comments. Well, you know, we have a large coastline. It's very hard to protect all. Well, that's great. That makes us feel good. That makes us feel good like they don't have radar and they can't spot all these. If that's the case, let's just forget about it. Okay. Forget about it. Anybody that votes for him needs mental help. W. W. Q. Yeah, they're too busy looking for the wicked weed. Yeah, that's right. And you know, it's a good place of damn good thing they didn't have any wacky weed on it. Both they all be the who's got right now. What happened when George or rather jet was part of a bunch of money years ago and ever paid it back? Why don't they make commercial him running down the street with a bag of money? The way they could show the tap dancing, the bride, all that. Yeah. And nobody ever talked about it. And the other thing that she always gets thought about, I've been listening to you since you were on data for. And then years ago, I used to listen to Q. I was like, oh, yeah, I'm the other old jingle it and went, Jean Don't Love. And anyway, when have you done it, say? It's a hit. Oh Jim Dunlap. Yeah. Oh Jim Dunlap. Oh Jim Dunlap. Oh, Jim Dunlap. Oh, Jim Dunlap. Oh, Jim Dunlap. I see what you're saying. Yeah. Like a who we are saying. Yeah, you can laugh. Then another station that was really great out there was W. W. W. W. I see we don't have the Hulu one. We only got the angle one. Right. W. M. U. N. Yeah, it was, no, M. U. M. It was called Mother. Oh, never got to be before I got here. Yeah, you're probably up in Michigan, right? Yeah. Yeah. But anyway, happy birthday. Your birthday falls in my anniversary. Well, happy anniversary. And my wife and I'll be married like 21 years. Really? That's great. Yeah. OK, thank God for those. And thanks for the great entertainment. Thank you. See they're very nice today. When I came to that guy that called him, and it's going to be met well, but the people are okay today. We got him under control. So far, we got these clowns under control. Happy birthday. Have a great day. This was a good guy. What's the problem? Just that we had people in here before too lazy just and we're not even screening the call. Just put them on hold so that the phone doesn't have to keep bringing that saw. That's all we have to do. But when we had George and Miguel in there, a couple of slackers, man, a couple of<|vi|> that go back on a banana boat by noon. And you noticed that you see the book coming here with the mouth. No, you see any of my champion light? No, you see Miguel coming here and say, oh, gee, that's great. They were going to be doing the best of. And I'll hop right on that. No. No. We're doing a show in a vacuum. But of course, now that we got that great promotion ahead of us. Who the hell needs any promotion outside? You know what I'm saying? 10, but this is long as the text later. Once you get the first text, once you get the taste of a few bucks and believe me, it won't be much Carlos. But once you get the first one, say, and that's all I care about. Just give me the money. Tell what all this other crap. Because basically, that's it. It's a means to win end. Means how come I can't find my spot? Oh, there it is. Sorry about that. I do have a book. I have an old rating book. Maybe I'll read these numbers from IOD. I have a whole bunch of old rating books at home. Arbitrans. This is fall in 1995. I had a good book that and I'll read the numbers in a little while. Huh? Like here. And you notice it's interesting. On that station, the morning, though, was much stronger. This, I think, when you were still on, and 95 believe. I'm not sure. Somebody correct me if I'm wrong about that. Was renewing on, I would be in 95? I don't know. Squirt, Squirt. 11 after 11 at 5, 60, WQM. There's never been a better time to buy you a new home or refinance for existing home. And how about this? Low, amazing rate 3.95%. That's right. Financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95% all you got to do is talk to him. Coff and Ancher group had 1 809 40 L.E. and D. That's 1 809 4053 63. The money you're going to save is amazing. It's amazing. Think about it. You can get a $100,000 loan for 1 450 bucks a month or $200,000 loan for 1 950 bucks a month. The process is simple. You're going to save yourself a crapload of cash. $1,000 of dollars every year. So, call our good buddies at financial group our close personal pals and 1 809 for Oland. There's never been a better or smarter time to get you a low interest rate than right now. So, call financial group you've been on the way to big savings. There were an equal housing lender, credit restrictions, dual-ply, and rates are subterled chains. So, call now 1 809 40 L.E. and D. That's 1 809 4053 63. 5 L.E. and D. This is 560. 3 years old yours. Puh! Puh! Puh! Puh! Puh! Puh! Puh! Puh! Puh! Puh! Puh! Puh! Puh! Puh! Puh! Puh! Puh! Puh! Puh! Puh! Puh! Puh! Puh! Puh! Puh! Puh! Puh! Puh! Puh! Playing P Rush! Puh! And so do. Come on, you fixed it. And try to split it. Beat it. And get the money. And make it. Come on. 2016 at 5.60 W to Q AM. See the right wingers, one of their big issues for years and years has always been. And that's one of the areas I agree with them. Immigration. Getting control of the immigration policy. I happen to agree with a lot of what they've said over the years. But, but isn't it interesting now because for political purposes, they have to like kind of like couch the way that they present their position because for the Cubans. Oh, yeah. All come on. As long as you get your toe on a land there, you can stay forever. We'll give you whatever you want. That's okay. Because they know that they're all going to vote for them or the overwhelming majority. But on the other hand, anybody else? Well, sorry. Because you're not going to vote for us anyway. So they got him between a rock and a hard rock cafe. Is where they got you a bush there this morning. But I'm hoping to go out and then that business about a talk to your brother. Talk to your brother. Is he talking to his brother? No chance. No way Jose. No way Jorge. Here's a fast from Rob and my me lakes who's whipped up into a frenzy. He says and another good point. See, this business about the boats slipping through. Now, I don't have to believe that. But there's all different reports. There's different stories. I'm like he said in the godfather. There's all kinds of stories on the street. Well, there's all kinds of stories on this that they were tracking it all away from Haiti. They knew it was coming. Which, you know, what's again inside the end of the, what is the three miles? The three miles, the three mile limit. What's taking inside three miles? And they're in our territorial waters. Why at that point, don't they? They didn't turn it around and send it back. If they really tracking them all the way into those all about. And number two, if they did slip through, uh, oh, what does that say about our homeland defense like the truck driver said, huh? You can't complain about our homeland defense because we don't have any. And Rob and my me lakes says if they can't guard and protect a heavily populated area like Miami, then who knows is getting into country in more desolate areas? Sure. Like up like, uh, you know, north of Palm Beach County. Over on a west coast. So there's all be hiding under the bed. God help us play the scream sound bit. So Rob and my me like, save a wrap one more time. Bonus, bonus scream, but. Good point. John, but hey, I better get with it here. You know, I mean, I don't mind taking a lot of calls, but I got some important stuff to do here. And now we got the noon to one comedy bit hour, which we are going to force say, I've been shooting noon to one. That's where my good, uh, maybe we'll get some food in here too. Huh, you're for that. Cause I don't, I didn't bring in. I brought my breakfast in for balance for life. What I got his spot come up. I mean, I hope you're listening to it, ring true. I better rip you with an ass. Oh, seriously, can you believe though? Hutzpah, this guy, he's he's used the beast as much as he can. And now he just wants to like toss him to the wolves. Right. Like the Haitians to the, uh, back out in the water again. Oh, yeah, throw him back. He's not a keeper. That's, that's gross. It's a test. Christen, uh, Joseph and Esther. Man, what is that all about? And he's sent a George here over free food. How many times have I said, why are you getting free food? You doesn't need to look because he's a free load. He's a free load model. Spect that George. He doesn't need free meals. Plus if I say, oh, let's get some food and he just shoves it off to the side anyway. Oh, okay, what can we get free? You know, he's a little free loader, which I don't blame because he's not making any money, but still. If we have to choose between feeding the beast or feeding George, I say we feed the beast. Because he's the one that needs to lose weight. John Bonnet, this is incredible. This is the story. And it goes on for so many pages. I can find John Bonnet, uh, where is it? Bombshell. Oh, here it is. John, but my god, it all stapled together. Okay, it's from the goddamn inquiries. Met multiple pages. John Bonnet, bombshell. Patsy's writing is an exact match. And you notice, there's not really enough a lot to read, thank goodness. Because because it's got pictures of the ransom note, the alleged ransom note, right? And then her handwriting. And for look at that, this is this is the ransom note. And then that's her writing. You see any difference? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. How do you like that, Patsy? Huh? I don't want to see you done it, but anyway, the inquiries is in a blockbuster world exclusive. The inquiries have obtained never before seen headwriting samples that Patsy Ramsey wrote for police investigating the murder of her daughter John Bonnet. Well, it's only what six years ago. And handwriting experts say the writings are an exact match. And the fake two and half page ransom note left at the scene of the crime. What's more, the most compelling sample that implicates right handed Patsy is the ransom note. Author is the one she wrote with her left hand. You can actually superimpose words from the ransom note overwards the Patsy wrote with her left hand. And they're a near perfect match. Top headwriting expert Ted Woodmer, who has testified in many court cases. And taught handwriting ID to police and district attorneys told the inquire. Patsy wrote that ransom note and she wrote it with her opposite hand. That conclusion was echoed by leading handwriting analyst, Gideon Epstein sounds like a due to me. Who was taught forensic document, the document examination to Army Criminal investigators. U.S. Treasury is another since 1969. Epstein examined the same handwriting samples obtained by the inquire for his testimony. He's given it a lawsuit. Froude against John and Patsy Ramsey by a border caught by a man named as a suspect by John Bonnet's parents. In an recent deposition given under oath Epstein declared, I'm absolutely certain that she, Patsy wrote the ransom note. Absolutely certain. Positively absolutely. When pressed by Ramsey attorney West is that 60% certain Epstein replied, No, that's 100% certain. Following the Christmas night 1996 murder like I said six years ago. A little beauty queen in Ramsey's border home, Patsy and John both give handwriting samples out of the supervision of detectives and state police a list from the Colorado Bureau of investigation. John gave samples on two occasions in Patsy five times between December 28, and in May 20, 1997, the couple wrote a so-called London letter and investigated two of the forces that were used every letter of the alphabet and numerous from zero to nine. They printed the full ransom note on a white legal pad using a Sharpie pen. Oh, look what I got Sharpie. Sharpie, I think I did it. As the author of the ransom note did, over and over again, they covered individual words from the ransom note which threatened that the two gentlemen watching over your daughter would be head-jombed and if instructions were not followed to the letter or authorities were contacted. During one sampling session, Patsy was also told a right letter off the top of her head. He chose in one paragraph to use the words, two gentlemen, more or less are exact words for the ransom note. The analysts from the Colorado Bureau of investigation also had John and Patsy write a strangely altered version of the ransom message that contained all the words from the original note. Patsy was asked to write that altered version with their left hand during your fourth hand writing sample session with investigators April 12, 1997. That's only five and a half years ago. And a source told a CBI, the inquirer, it was that sample more than any others that convinced the authorities that Patsy wrote the note with the Rapa's hand. As the inquirer revealed in their September 24th, 2000 issue, Patsy is amodextrous. She can do it with both hands. A high school teacher would talk Patsy in her hometown of Parker's Bergwester, Virginia, a teacher never interviewed by police. Clearly, remember that Patsy could write with her right hand or left hand. The teacher and I got into discussion about Patsy's handwriting, Jackie Goodwin, a teacher's union representative told the inquirer and he said, by the way, Patsy could write with both hands. He said matter effectively like it was just one of her many talents no big deal. The Ramsey's former housekeeper, Linda Hoffman, Pue, disclosed to the inquirer, Patsy told me I can do a lot of things in my left hand. I'm avidectrous. I'm not touching that. That's what she said too. And Patsy herself told the inquirer and interview last year that she could write well with her left hand, but not very well. Handwriting expert Whitmer analyzed all the secret handwriting samples obtained exclusively by the inquirer. It's really amazing if you go through every letter in a ransom note you can find those matching form somewhere in samples. Patsy gave the police said Woodmer, chairman of the Grafological Society of San Francisco, and author of the book, Crime and Pemmon Chip, who's invented several devices to aid in handwriting analysis. Woodmer agreed wholeheartedly with former bolder and detective Steve Thomas, not the hockey player. Alieven Investigator and Diabonaise murder who we've built at 24 or the Alphabet's 26 letters found in the ransom note, which is if they've been written by Patsy. The ransom note copy Patsy made Woodmer to write with a Sharpie pen using a right hand looks nothing like the original ransom note Woodmer said, but her left hand sample is very revealing. To the untrained eye it may look nothing like the original ransom note, but it is my belief. She tried to fake the sample and can probably write much better with a left hand than she's letting you believe. She couldn't fake everything however there are incredible matches to the real ransom note. The word carefully in the first line of the left hand sample is an exact match for the word carefully in the first line of the ransom note. You can practically superimpose one over the other and they got them right here in my hand from the enquire. Quatton pick up the enquire and take a look at it. Take a, or just a, at the new stand. Just open it up and look at it and take a peek at it and throw it on a floor. The same is true for the word faction in the fourth line of the sample and third line of the ransom note. The word that in the third line of the sample and the second line of the ransom note in the word letter in the 13th line of the sample and 10th line of the ransom note. You're writing all that down good. Several times when she writes the word will in the sample they show matches to some of the will words in the note. Most revealing are her percent signs in both the left hand and sample in the ransom note. They're perfect, little circles that match. You try to do that if you can't write with both hands you can't do it. Another compelling clue pointing to Pansy is the author of the ransom note is found. In the sample letter she was asked to compose, it's the big spaces she puts between the word eye and the word nest to that personal pronoun said, look at the ransom note when a pronoun eye is written there are the same big spaces between it and the next word. It was something she didn't think to fake something that came out naturally. How do you like that? How do you acquire a says she wrote the note? Which means if she doesn't or he doesn't or they don't, somebody doesn't. How much do they pay the bolder police to ignore that? They don't have to pay anybody off. They just incompetent. Don't you understand? I mean I realize incompetent police is very unusual. I mean they didn't have like the moosey man and boulder. If they were just sent the moosey man over to boulder we'd have saw that turkey like five or five years ago. Easy. Just like who killed cock robberies we're going to have that one next. Speaking of that, gay leading man opened the classic door for lesbians. There's a whole thing in it that they're obsessed with the fags in a issue of the inquire. Yeah it isn't inquire. So first it starts out with the whole thing about power lesbians like power. And then we got to think about leading men. And of course all of these people happen to be dead. Always a coincidence that every 10 days they're talking about this one was gay and they're all dead. But it's still interesting because everybody wants to know why they want to know because they're nosy. So what do you think about poor job but hey huh? What do you think about two earringed Troy over there at Balanced for Life? It's a great program and it may help you lose weight like crazy butt. But here the beast is lost 58 pounds in just a few months. We've saved his life and just at the moment when he's starting to look really human. Get some color in his face. You actually see what his body parts look like which ain't too good but nevertheless. And now Troy says well I tell Troy Stratford our own bald head and Troy. Well I mean I would kind of use them for all we can get out of him and now let's maybe cut him off. I wonder if Beast knows about that point. It'd be really upset. Yeah I think he does. He does know about that. I think so. I don't know this is the same thing but he had an issue. An issue? Well I got news for it. I'm not sure if it's a bit of a story. I'm not sure if it's a bit of a story. I'm not sure if it's a bit of a story. I'm not sure if it's a bit of a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I'm not sure if it's a story. I was just near your place before I saw you again What if you wanted something you'd better call my name? Angelina L-Aborret. Any answers? I expressed what I heard. And I'm not sure if the details were clear but now és better. I'm a gloomy girl at our school. Let's choose love if we can meet or cheer the best woman in our school. He's up the end, oh, so's the commoner now So they're gonna let him go My dad, not the old man He really, really, really, really So he's the one who did it You'll never hear him at it But my dad, not the old So, I got a lot to go See, I feel better about my Joey just came in and ponded It looks a lot better than he usually does He looks really good because he got laid last night 1133 on his new mattress on a new dollar mattress He said it's really good He said he didn't roll off the edge anymore Like he used to 27 till noon Yeah, it's true, probably is 27 before noon We got the mad dog coming up along The huffer hits me a clock this afternoon Huffer kills an hour with hour windman between four and five See, I don't care about the NBA So, you know, I realize heck can't do an issue for me You know, plus I'm not in the car that hour anyway But if I were, or if I am, or if I will be, it's just I don't care about a bunch of seven foot-touch varts Is okay, it's not my bag So we got a whole hour of, I'll all know, I remember windman's a good guy So let's, let's cut him some slack And then Hank will be on after that anyway from five to seven Four solid hours man Seriously, now that baseball season's over He better lose another ounce or two the homper He lost a little weight Now what are you laughing about? He lost a little weight while I was going to summer time at ounce or two See, he and I, we always say, yeah, we lost a little And look around what war was it Now we lost a little bit Slowly but surely Did Troy, the boy calling and says, going to take care of the beast He should have called you by now No, no He better take care of that fat little bastard Josh, speaking of fat little bastards Josh, read me between seven eight Then we got the shithead go panther preview at eight o'clock eight thirty I know it's eight thirty But they still, and nobody came in here correct to it See, of course he's still, he's wet behind the ears He's a good kid that clearance but the kid being the operative He ain't no kid, career either Panthers at the Dallas stars tonight any interest No, okay, but the stars are so boring to watch I know they're a tie for first place in the league We got 14 points Minnesota's got 14 points The Tampa Bay Lightning got 14 points How about that lease? They didn't lose last night course they didn't play Well, hey, listen, better than most lately And tomorrow night we think playing around Atlanta Girls can easily lose to them After the hockey game we got any K from old G.A Thanks to that guy for reminding me that I'm in slipping That's from being away right Tom and Tom jick has got the cooking show Skazels in the Sun Sentinel today and Joanne Mark overnight We're always into thirty first tomorrow's got him in there It's already on the website So if you want to see the cooking show schedules click on to the Sun Sentinel website And go to Tom jick or Q&A, it's not even so on cooking show schedules Here's the facts that says New y'all I'm sending it to see in this guy Think I'm not going to read the sun here I'm going to read it I have no comment I mean to wecha so It's on it says I'm sending this facts because I'm fairly certainly You would not feel like discussing this on the year Why not? I'm just thanking you for having such a great website Well Eric must have sent this It says I know that it has problems but at least it's free I didn't have any problems other than the archives is not air-explore We can't do it because I'm not going to explain it anymore Okay, we can't do it because it's right by the guy Them actors and performers on the commercials And because we can't believe the commercials would take like a thousand hours And somebody's time which we don't have And Miguel did look extra good today I think he's screwed up before he came in He's trying to suck up now It says I have to pay $7 a month to listen to Phil Henry Are you sure? $7 is not a lot of money And that's not the problem The problem is really just the principle of it all What makes his show so damn special This fans can't enjoy it whenever they want to Without showing out their heart or in dough At your site you're having troubles with the archives Belize you're letting people listen to the best of it Without needing more money I think that you're great if we were our gay You and I would do it and go have pizza love when we're done Then go home and make fun of mo God bless Well how do you like that? If he was gay, which I'm sure if he wore gay Probably would look at him anyway But that's beside the point gay Mm-hmm Speaking of gay Bush's radio day I have no comment on that I don't I don't like this business to charge in first up on the you know If you've got a product that you're selling sure It's just like like some of these newspapers that you have to You want from the archives you got to put your goddamn credit card And we're on there pay for it That's full crap. Why is that? It's already in there They don't have to do anything the information's already loaded in there Why why should you have to pay to check the archives? Great. Yeah I don't even like to think I have it a register like the L.A. times The New York Times and I think the Washington Post those three When you go online and you want to get stories You've got a register, you know your name and shoe size and all Much of other crap That's not right No, I think it's not advertisers Yeah, that's right then they pedal your name advertising Oh, I'm gonna tell you yesterday I'm gonna tell you Governor Bush if you get me elected my good post friend Jim you jackass No, seriously something has got to happen with this telephone soliciting business It is reached the point now where I'm ready to go and go nuts Go nuts You look on your call screening and it says out of area Well, I mean that could be people I know I mean my friend John's over Amsterdam It could be him calling because a lot of times you get along business calls It'll say out of area private call or whatever Right and you pick up the phone Can I speak to you? See the good part of it is my real name the last name is so goddamn long They don't know how to pronounce it so a lot of times Hello, and they just click and you think go on with it No seriously that happens many times thankfully And I just say he's not here Okay, thank you. I must have had seven calls yesterday And I didn't want to lunch at mommy's yesterday so I didn't get home until three so between three and eleven o'clock when I went to bed I had seven solicitors calling didn't speak to any of them But it's a pain in the ass It is a pain in the ass Who the hell are you to be calling my guy and the other one came out of facts a facts solicitation two so that's eight Leave us alone our homies are cash a leave us to how the loan okay you lunatics you may it should be illegal It should be illegal It should absolutely be positively legal You know when you have an unlisted number like I do you don't want asshole And that's why you paid for it in the first place The after buck I'm out to whatever it is not that you're number in a book But they don't care they got it all on that road or we think all the numbers in order they keep dialing down They don't give a crap 22 till noon a QM sweaty a bushes radio gay a day gets static from Democrats gay no day He's obsessed with that radio talk show host are setting up shop on the White House lawn today to interview cabinet secretary's and tab administration officials Democrats say president Bush is using his office to give Republicans an unfair age six days before elections It reeks of an inappropriate mix of politics and official business So it's Jennifer Palm area spokeswoman for the DNC radio day held an a heated tent to fight Washington's unseasonable mid 40s chill Is the latest example of Bush's willingness to use all the tools of the presidency to boost Republican candidates chances This is from USA today, by the way. He's wielding his popularity and ability grab headlines to make the case for the importance of the Republican agenda What if they're going to be playing at boot stop and music in a background The tent will be from six aimed to 730 p.m. from about 50 radio host and reporters to broadcast live to millions of listeners Cinecata conservative Pompus asses all a north and shun Hannity will be there fat ass Rush Limbaugh was invited but declined the White House is not picking up the tab for travel cost Oh, that's why he probably declined he couldn't afford the two seats Guess for eight to ten and interviews include the done rum spell John asked croff coal and Paul or Neil Don Evans Day11's even White House staffers are ready to interview. He'll make the rounds including chief of staff Andy card national security advisor Condolee's and senior advisor Carl Roe Honey like that also in the bottom of the us from our chapter Do you remember W.S. A. Y. Rochester? Of course. I remember I always want to work their W.S. A. Y. I didn't take the job W.S. A. Y. Y. One the most bush league radio stations ever Says very strange talk 40 sister station W. I and a buffalo and I a also the net. They also they had everybody had the same name Mike melody Jerry jerks whatever it was yeah everybody had the same name W.S. A. Y. 14. I believe was 14 70 other that else something like that rich And how come the weather guy was talking about candidate would have been CNN that was very very strange okay very very strange on CNN which is seen all of it a goddamn world and the weather guy is talking about it snowing in candidate when the year well that is very exciting Okay, I'll see it roseland park when they rebuild it Now it's here's the I mean how many people know where to help can I went to high school there. I live there for a server to decide a word is but who knows where that is Unless it was the only place in the country those it was not the only place in the country where was snowing okay believe me trust me trust your meteorological ace Twenty-two noon and don't forget our big noon to one hour sit back and relax eat all the free food that's coming in We don't have any food coming in that's good. I don't can't eat today In fact, do we have a sack well, I wish we had somebody sack. I'd steal our food out of a jersey and get a sack today Think about people to fight with so with food in it Well That's all right for like this month You did see one outside about that's what we're I let's see it probably Carlos is showing that down his fat faggy pussy Oh, I wouldn't oh man. I wouldn't get near it if he even looked into it. Good. Golly He's got more rings and things. Yeah, I'll put up a store called rings and things you've heard of wings and things. He ought to ring some things. He's got rings on his everything And George is the one was tell me about it 19 till noon at five sixty wqm if you got big empty ring on the top of your head don't as a ball spot Well, it's not pretty. It's not a pretty site. This is one of God's tricks that he plays on men. Why not women so much? I don't know maybe he likes women but the fact of the matter is big would that ugly balls fight a few young guys Especially it makes you look a lot older than you are number one and number two It's not good for your social life or your for your work live Nobody nobody wants to deal with like a bald young guy. You know except maybe Lex Luther but other than that So pick up the phone and call my buddy Chuck Alphay or and get yourself a great look and natural looking at it here is natural hairline system For over 25 years anybody with a half a brain is the no one that Charlie's the only guy they want to see to get their hair back because nobody else in the world has the Hairs system that looks so great every other one including Dennis Kassin and Charlotte minute it looked like Marvalbard on a bad day They look well like well how are they but it on a bad day If you don't want to look like that forget about it. Pick up that phone and call 1 800 3 2 1 24 13 mentioned that he arrived you told you to call and Charlie will say great and Also give you a $200 QM discount permission to my name Charlie also services and repairs all kinds of Her systems wide away for only 25 to 30 bucks and can always always make them looking out of a lot better And you get that 30 day guarantee you got off the loose, but that big ugly balls, but if you don't for 30 days look better and Love the way you look and feel in smell if you're not getting ahead like at least 15 20 times a day Just give the hair back and say here. You move on the money back. No problem Column right now 1 800 3 2 1 24 13 and get you a great looking ahead of here or check on their website Charles Alphayeri.com You Yo, let's rate both 3 the old big charter That's how we pass the time away in the game I'm getting pound We put a retard in girl in our all new machines who be heated show you how well it drives Stinger Our agency thought this would want some product out of the show room Look at her go This is funnier than watching retires at the park If someone had severely retired you have that much money and it's just my free time The rig goes bulk of Brian the man who took the old out of country took the oh right out of a 13 till noon at 5 60 We got the mad dog at one hanketry and all the rest of that stuff panther hockey at Dallas No, okay 400 need votes on a pool. I've been remissing given a pull results sorry sorry What's your take on the 200 plus Haitians who made it here yesterday and of course? I just I don't know This whole business. How can you believe that we have online security when somebody says well, you know, they just slip through how can anybody believe that? Anyway, no more refugees close the gates are just changed the game just at 490 No more refugees close the gates 59.3 percent to 91. They should be sent back immediately 76 15 and a half percent What are how many times the governor voted on that? 70, that's at 74.8. Almost 75 percent of most two. They should be allowed to apply for political asylum 73 14.8 percent. They should be allowed to stay 27 5 and a half percent. I don't know we had that many Haitians And only Cuban should be allowed to stay when they reach US 23 4.6 percent. Only Cubans And I have to check them out first Speaking of that speaking of gay gay leading man opened the closet door for lesbians. I could waste my time with his power lesbian thing changing the puts of Hollywood I don't think so. I'll leave the lesbians to Howard sperm Some of the biggest stars in Hollywood have played much of roles on the big screen and led secret double lives as homeless sexuals in other words gay In the book behind the screen how gay's and lesbian shaped Hollywood author William J. Man rips the lid off many of Tinsel Town's gay secrets And the enquire picks up where the book leaves off by exposing other stars who hid their homosexuality from their adoring fans Dash and carry Grant was a regular right gay Hollywood party isn't when a student demanded the actor play the game in a peer to be straight He married actress Virginia Cheryl It was a disastrous union from the start after only a few months Grant became a solid drunk An attempted suicide man discloses in his book he divorces new bride and went back to living with his boyfriend Randolph Scott And the pair rumped their way to the gay clubs that dominated Hollywood scene in the 1930s great Scott Handsome leading man rock Hutton work furiously to keep his gayness to secretly was on his death bed with AIDS in 85 Throughout his long career the actor took much of roles in even married his agent secretary to hide his homosexuality Hudson was so successful in his cover up that even some of his close to Hollywood associates including Doris Day is close to her and three hit films were fooled said Doris I never had the remotest ID he was gay. Well, this isn't the inquire, but I'm not so sure I buy the cause I've seen the thing on the VH1 Or biography or somewhere out of no I think she said otherwise Now, I'm not asking you what they'll do you know about Doris Day and rock Hudson you even know who the L.A.R. Jesus Christ punk I think I do you think you do yet Doris Day Hey, Sarra, Sarra, why not and she was in she was pretty good. She was okay She was in some Hitchcock movie, so she and I don't know Caesar Romero was tired of his Aladdin he man and moving on. Not Caesar Romero on. Oh, no, gay As a real he man and movie magazine, he was Latin what he expected and real life he had a long love affair with fellow actor Terone power according to man Tyrone power. We knew he was one. Oh, who is that the riddle Yes, very good. Caesar Romero was the ridler. No, the ridler was Frank Orson The Joker was Burgess Meredith was the penguin The Joker was the Cedar Mara, okay You say second me look and of course Bert Ward. Hey, Bert is that really something in your tits. There's that a salami huh? Wow Romero and power played the game well, liver tend to gatherings where they were mostly gay He's the endist of the need for discretion and associate stated power. Meet one of his young boyfriends at the time designer Mr. Blackwell The known as dick Ellis in his dressing room and take long rides speeding off to Malibu so they wouldn't be seen together He liked dick Screen hunk Bert Lankaster was the shameless womanizer, but many who knew and believed he also bidded men not Bert Lankaster from here to eternity Oh, no In a telebography the superstar that son Bert's fans in 1995 year after his death author Gary Fishgall said that it dallah Bert on several Italian films told him in Italy Bert is known as bisexual and of course in Italy almost everybody is anyway At the Donna Hollywood filmmaking the first superstar was Jay wore in Karrigan who poses a fast shooting bucks in wearing cowboy In fact the king of cowboys was a perfume defendant Cissy who couldn't punch his way out of a paper bag man discloses. How do you like that? Don't chill down shoot Pampard and powdered Karrigan would sit hardly in his makeup here while the studio beautician turned him into a handsome movie cowboy Maybe he knew the kosher cowboy In 1910 he was the most recognized male face in silent movies, but it was constantly mocked by film crews for being so pretty and his mother never would out of the house He built for himself and his male lover The world was shocked in 1990 when news leaked out that psychoster Anthony Perkins then married with two teenage children had a secret gay life and was stricken with AIDS More shock came in 1996 for years after Perkins that when the biography split image by Charles wine cup revealed that one of Perkins's favorite gay playmates was Hollywood hung tab hunter What a shock that is not a Few years later Hollywood actor Ray Strickland's book Angels and Demons one actors Hollywood journey We've healed more about hunters private life Tab prefer the company of men, but there were no far worse than we connected he wrote we met had sex and that was it almost too fast too Fast it was quick was like hi how you doing sports course it. Thank you Flamboyant pianist liberal acci died of AIDS in 1987 without ever confirming a homosexuality. Is there any doubt? Oh boy better digging to that his greatest fear with that his fans especially the grandma's love and so much would find out that he was gay and be so horrified They would turn against him to clear this former live and lover Scott Thorson although Robert Reed played on TV's favorite family man A good lady bunch. He lived a secret gay life of one night stands and sex for higher men and eventually died of AIDS in 1992 He always went for the same type A young man about 19 would blonde hair and blue eyes Oh right Sounds good to me said one man used to spend time at Reed's favorite hangout a gay bar and the good to be each California They all called him a $200 trick he gave them a hundred bucks for sex and extra hundred bucks to shut up For a total bucks. I hope they were really good. Well, they're making a difference now. I guess Aristotle on NASA's had in the fair with a 20-year-old man. Why was married to Jackie? Oh The Greek billionaire was he like Greek the Greek billionaire's former aide Frank Mody claimed he cut area in bed with a 22 year old and said the tycoon tried to seduce him to Screen goddess is listed or in Maryland on row both tried to seduce Montgomery cliff But the handsome actor was only interested in other men as if we didn't know that poor Mody according to Liz Cliff would play the ardent male with her fanning Robes that he would fall in love with and then he'd suddenly appear with some boy he'd picked up Settle is I knew he was meant to be with a man and not a woman I'd discussed it with him. I introduced him to some really nice young guys It's probably in the fact that he is has been changed. He was another star. I believe he's swimming and fooled and fooled a lot of sexual identity One day Jimmy asked me if I'd work with him on a scene strip in the road while I was attempting to feed him his lines He suddenly switched his position putting his head in my lap before I knew what happened. He lifted his head from my lap and kissed me firmly on the lips Oh, how does it's gutting The witch star Dick Sargent came out of the closet in 1991 and Quarablock Buster say I'm gonna do it to stop living a lie The actors good friend and wife on the show Elizabeth Montgomery knew the truth but Sargent hit his homosexuality from the rest of the cast in the public I could portray her husband because I'm an actor. He said acting a heterosexual man is no different than portraying a murderer or hunchback It's acting he said. How do you like that? Which most of those we knew but a couple pretty interesting ones there. Carry grant To roll power You don't even know who to hell any of those people are. Oh, what are two? Like who You know scary grant Oh, here's another great story in Tampa. Are you NRA nuts who invaded our police today? You lunatics Tampa a three-year-old boy was in critical condition yesterday after apparently shooting himself in the neck and his parents bedroom Quinn birchfield was shot around 738 last night police set or Monday night They described the incident as an accident the boys father Stephen Birchfield heard the shot found his wounded son called rescue personnel Tampa police spokesman Joe Durkin said Birch and over the nation at Tom Durkin said Birchfield 33 About this 32 caliber semi automatic handgun inside his jeans on a dresser in the room the boy began and found the gun and began playing with the The sisters couldn't get to before he pulled the trigger Durkin said the bullet lives in the neck. He's in critical condition. How do you like that? Oh, we're gonna. Here's chronic joy. I enjoy get lost. Okay, what your chronic stupid facts is go away Whatever your real name is idiot Here's the fact this is to kneel the queen. We need to spend more money on a Coast Guard less Haitians more weed Send you back send you back to Haiti. No, haha. Okay, and it goes on. I think I went far enough on that Okay, we got the big noon to one hour coming up man, and of course we all got a big smile on our face And did you go look for a second? Of course not. They're not nae food. This joint is there? Oh, the little check-off. Yeah, let's go sniff around see if we got anything and if not we'll have to call somebody or not Or not I need to lose an answer to be fragged out of here For course Miguel is gonna come in at one clock. I always four minutes till noon at five sixty WKQAM Hey, don't forget it's so what is it Wednesday? That means Pomp and O'Park is open tonight for live racing every Wednesday Friday and Saturday playing by the way Steve Wolf don't think of my phone numbering on a year off to a Mickey McNick a okay Every time I've been on Mickey for some strange reason he always finishes fourth. I wonder what that's all about Pomp and O'Park open Wednesday Friday and Saturday post on 75th April Parking free Tophouse and Grand Santa Mission every afternoon evening. Why not come off for an evening your great horse racing action Rood home a winner from the rail. Creatures up to a private box seat on the fourth floor or enjoy a Ben and Jerry's hot-fud Sunday Restless of Beladys pizza who Ben and Jerry's hot-fud Sunday sounds good to me Don't forget every Wednesday at like tonight is dollar night to track you can get a draft beer hot dog So it'll urge personal or popcorn only a bucket piece Pomp and O'Parks excellent top of the park restaurant on the sixth floor is open every live racing night for a fine dining featuring chef Kirk with a nightly specials and the best seafood steaks in primary business in town Even I Neil Rogers it says enjoy as eating at the top of the park restaurant What what a what a pompous line even I even a big shot like me and Joe Yeah, I do and of course I like the price too Every seat of the top of the park restaurant offers a panorama view of the races as a private little TV monitor and you say where's Walley? Hey Walley are you in this right? Hey Walley? Over here Walley. There's also a great all you can eat buffet on the fourth floor players last for only 10 95 per person every racing night Pomp and O'Park offering you full card sound. I'll casting every day of your life seven days week starting in noon with high-light harness and turbo racing action Beware of David Miller. He's dangerous. Pomp and O'Park and Powerline mode one-blood South of Atlantic Boulevard live racing night 715 p.m 6 2 AM This state Goldstein, but you can call me Galzie whenever I'm in town. I listen to wait a minute. I am in town. It's been 12 to 1 hour side Where the Look at cheese that won't stay on There's blood Shake my phone and turn guys on But there's a place Roller guys can't hide it I can make us grow Grab your hide there's a little I can make us grow With my body and booty All right That's where there are bubbles Cause I'm such a cute one of those things I will call Be it such a beggar I can make us grow With my body and booty That's where there are bubbles Cause I'm such a cute one of the things I will call Be it such a beggar Be it such a beggar Squirt's court Here, coconut heads It's me Janet boobs are granite renal And I am hot man I am peore Just plain all hand off What name a Sam Hill half in is what I want to know First they had trouble with tingling chance Now they got these touch screen job These that don't work worth a crap I think they got them from Jet Blue There's some of them hold ones they use to play electronic pull Grond I mean having some fancy This is voting it serious I know that after the recap I will beat a victim Actually let me clarify I will still beat Janet But I also beat Victor Capit I got half a mind It get my red toyota 4x4 pick up And head down to Havana I'll load up some locals And put this thing over the tab The biggest problems were indeed in brown or counties Two of my strongest areas I mean I personally slept over 4,000 men in women And those aforementioned areas Which should have secured me certain victory But instead I got to put a whole ski on my nude victory party The hammers and nails I'm freaking Not to mention in the middle of this whole mess of crap One of my beans went bad on me I'll bet you dollars to donuts That little bastard Ily and Gonzalez had something to do with this Either that or that DM or renal I never bought him in that whole ice attorney glove dealy-bab You ain't heard the last from Janet boobs A granite renal flared Helio, my eyes are in a tuba show All right It stands up all the exercise Cause they have no life And it's all that the humans will do Helio, Helio visits Disney Booker Abla It's sadly won't sustain See you man with a day on TV The sun would get lucky As a human's Cloud the moon way Any angel she doesn't know the bones You get the way When the hell upset to send them back And the hell has begun We want it all to go away today And we're going to be in the air And we're going to be in the air And we're going to be in the air And we're going to be in the air And we're going to be in the air And we're going to be in the air And we're going to be in the air And we're going to be in the air And we're going to be in the air And we're going to be in the air And we're going to be in the air And we're going to be in the air And we're going to be in the air And we're going to be in the air And we're going to be in the air And we're going to be in the air And we're going to have to be in the air And we're going to have to be in the air Should I am in town? And you'll y'all want to live with me again? Leave a cube of far behind. The shower here would give us and so on. My parents loathe and I. In the angels' ears and there's a thorn to look at their way. When the hell said to send them back in the harsh begun? We wanted all to go away today. Very. In the town of Edson. In the town of Truffin' Jams. And we tried to follow this crowd. We just walked to live our lives. And we tried to really all. And we tried our protest. We should send in man. And we tried our best. And we tried our traffic jams. And we tried to follow this crowd. We just walked to live our lives. And we tried our really all. And we tried our protest. We should send in man. All right. Those hospital prisoners in Miami, just marked us. They changed the name to Alien Park. And the location is out. And we're going to a fine night. That's where the fuck's up. I get just myself on leather road. Until you see me, you live in pain. And I am water right where you grab a dream where you're at. That's where the fuck's up. To a democracy. Now, back south to the beautiful castle. Underwater and drown in black and round. You look the rough till the ground. In the biggest park you've ever seen. That's it. We'll make sure all the toilets are clean. Phil's on a raft. Like a big shock, needy. And then we'll park your car. It's all about how important you feel with the mess. Stuff a country. Hence it's nothing. He'll pour it, houses your car. Oh, now down the alien park. So are these a car going to park with it. We'reござing times, but процесс We pull. Pretend we'll doesn't do Or rob. All the land you take away from you, for theolicatiques you'd build. All the mackyls you carry out are equal. Whatever, we'll be ready to try some. Hands off me, around me. What are you feeling? Break me up. Yeah, let's do something from you. As you can see, we've got no Daedям. No Launder Smith. What a shitty Hokkawee. Personally, the spitsword in the house. he's coming according to horrific Pipee up all other stuff. I'm gonna pass through to 560 WC, our big wins, they do not want to extravaganza. All come any bits all day, 530, after 34, what is it? 500. I'm tongue tuck, cause I saw a fast boy come modeling in here. And out of the chair, let's hear it for a fast boy. I was going, it was wandering on his, we didn't have the walker, and the walker. 534 votes, and thank you. Wonder where all the food went, that was no other bags, I think you just saw the answer. Once you're tank on the 200 postations who made it on sure here yesterday, who washed up on sure, who jumped overboard, no more refuel yees closed the gates, 300 and 17, 59.3% which is obviously the correct answer. They should be sent back immediately, which is acceptable to 86, 16.1%. They should be allowed out changing again. Jesus, they should be allowed to apply for political asylum 78, 14 and a half percent. They should be allowed to stay 29, 5 and a half percent. Only Cuban should be allowed to stay when they reach the US 24, 4.4%. Everybody else was too embarrassed to say that, even if they believe it. All our Cuban friends. And by the way, Joey, go back to being Tracy, okay? We'd like your credit prices better when used to be Tracy Foster or some other fake name, you right wing asshole. Hey, let me tell you again, Miguel said it's the truth in the crappy old democracy at before did he say that? Before he left here, yeah, this used to slide around off the edge while I was trying to make Wopy with his lovely fiance. Just at the wrong moment, I was going to score to write on the floor, damn it. So if you're not getting a nice sleep, or if you're not being able to partake an extracurricular activities where you want to, get you a great new mattress the way in the gilded, because you'll have to pay for yours. Just call 1-800 mattress, that's the number for dial-a-matrix. When you talk to these folks, you'll be guaranteed to rate nicely for years to come. Dialometrist carries only the best brands in the world. I got a silly service, Simmons King Quill. Every size, every comfort level. In other words, the exact mattress you're looking for is in stock, ready for just about immediate delivery. And of course, no bait and switch like a lot of those other stores, because a lot of other stores you do business with will be out of business in six weeks. When they're a crew from dial-a-matrix, got to Miguel's home, they took away the crappy old vetting and they handled it gingerly. And so, the brand new mattress. So, be attentive by those other stores. And don't waste your time slipping around. Just pick up the phone, make one easy call, and 1-800 mattress. Don't forget, these next couple days today tomorrow. And that's it. You get this the last two days for the special deal. Get a free dial-a-matrix delivery, and any to our period that's convenient for you when you're gonna be home, depending on where you live. Don't forget, limited delivery, limited the free delivery, by the way, today and tomorrow only a dial-a-matrix called 1-800 mattress, 1-800-MATTR-ES, for dial-a-matrix brand name beds for busy horny people. It's mine. I'm low. This is sports for your 5-6 months. You weigh 2-8 yen. Think I'm on head of the George Bush. You're the one getting tired of you. You're the one you should be cute about. Rolling the girls don't sound so hard. You should be on your way. It's easy, just go fly. You're the only on your enough tube is waiting. All you have to do is go have fun. We've had a lot and had you sell and see how to be a man. So go back to her vana. It's only 9-9 miles. So go back and see cash drop. But you're on your brand new I love you. I say in the tube, because you flow on in our tubes. So go back and get the arm. It's so close. You can see your daddy and book grandmas. It's a fun. If you want to know more about this, I'll be back soon. Her personality is great. I think she might be my son, me. There is one thing that is fine. She's got a face like over pie. Her shapely legs are just the best. Second only to her chest. Can't say the same about her smile. She's got a face like over pie. She looks good from far away. I thought I'd think of a place, but that wasn't a place. When she got closer, I said no, sir, because I got a look at her face. She had a love me head on here. The kind of makes you want to stare. But then I saw that girl's profile. She had a face like over pie. I called that I was living large. Until I heard her yell, hey, sir. It's gone a haunt me for a while. That face that looks like over pie. Maybe a lot of couple missiles. Toward of place we know. And came a matter of fell. Who's for name begins with old. There's one thing we all understand. How capable we finished. Until we blow up Pakistan. We could chase him around forever. With our tanks and all our troops. But special forces are so tired of jumping through them hooves. You don't need another airplane. So let's cut out all the nonsense. And go blow up Pakistan. Now, we can't even hear our tanned. Why don't we stop with seafood? And blow up Pakistan. But I want to give you a kiss. Boom, boom. Hey, what's eating? How about you dick? Hey, hey, look at those. There's nothing like a little cowboy dick ice cream. I want something. I've got a craving. Yeah, well, how about some cowboy dick? Oh, the cowgirls love my cowboy dick. And I should know, because I'm cowboy dick. I like my cowboy dick with some nuts. No problem, partner. Introducing cowboy dick. We're not so big. You can hardly wrap your lip around. My onions love cowboy dick. I'm filled your posse with my cowboy dick. Oh, cowboy dick. Here, try it. How is it? I can't talk. My mouth is full of cowboy dick. She's smiling. She's smiling. It feels your mouth with my cowboy dick. A man will you grow some freezer. Who wants you had your first cowboy dick? You won't ever go back. Would you feel with cowboy dick? You'll scream. Hey, y'all. Oh, the look at a mow how a day with a show. Where would Chuck will as any, but good clean family fun? Doc. You know that pipe smoke and gizgasla is that funny? Plains crash into buildings is funny too, huh? What? What? What? Since when is gang rape funny? Especially when it's me getting my deep hair grip. Doc. What a jacket. Hey, how about the gory key? No, no, no, no. Don't go tap there for when I talk. This is important. They don't know comedy. I'll show them comedy. Today I brought my collection of lumbar nabnateps. Ooh? Lumbar nabnate, y'all moron. They even named the restaurant after lumbar. Uh-uh. Yeah, cluelish muck. Look at back that I'd later. Right now it's time for our transcendent mid-show snack. Bring the morning mayor his food. Ah, here they are. My favorite place to die is I go to Bokka. Dig in a very buddy. What is it, smint? Looks like a donk. Not so the vain dumbarios from plant-harrant hood do in the hood. Oh, that's good. Yeah, too. Try it with the, uh, cocktail sauce. I, uh, I beast. For play that all is Cooper wreckage. Oh, that's it. Damn baby. Yeah, I'm a little at least fair for you to help the go down the collect. Yeah, baby. I really dig that all is Cooper seed. I'm with an omg. I'm a hep. I'm a hep stove man. If these ones filling all is good. Yeah. Yeah. That's a more sensitive. Clean your palate. Thanks, bro. All right. Oh, we got to meet had mad dog coming up at one. Followed by that fat jewel right after the quay and the spritz. What's that? It's a play. The play. It's in a right free ass. The dog is playing. In keeping up with the current social trends reality toy company has introduced its new gang, Bangor Barbie. Bangor Barbie comes in your favorite gang colors. Start your collection with Shaneid A. Barbie's crack hole friend. And her pink boyfriend, Ice Puffy Mac Daddy, Kenny D. Gang Bangor Barbie accessories include a Cat-Lag elder auto for those late night drive by shooting the rival gangs and innocent bystanders. It's fun for the whole dysfunctional family. Get it today. Welcome back to the highly rated and how it is. The first one is a little bit of a joke. Holding to my own. Okay, stop it. Where were we? You with the one this. Oh, you were going that for me. Oh, yeah. Sorry, mate. It's got sped up. All wrong day. Oh, Chris. I didn't see you could play that guess. Okay. All wrong day. Now you. Chris. Cutter. I'm not wrong day. Let's be. That's that's it. That's that. Now I'm my watch you. Poked. A run day. And he's up with his power. Put the cone for grip. Sorry, ma'am. And we got one of our three very important coolers on the line. Here. We can't wait to hear him. I'm going to scream. Can I spit it out? What should I say? Oh, oh. Okay, I'm just saying that God damn thing is saying, what are you doing? I'm playing with my very coconut. Oh, it's down. Oh, that's quite a different point. Why, y'all? Is sometimes. You know. Oh, yeah, you'll be. That's it. Oh, yeah. That's me. Almost there. See, or I think. Or I think. Or I think. Or I think. Or I think. Or I think. Or I think. Or I think. Or I think. Or I think. Or I think. Or I think. Or I think. Or I think. Or I think that. Or I think. Or I think. Or I think. Or I think. Or I think. Or I think. Or I think. Or I think. Or I think. Or I think. Or I think. Or I think. Or I think. Or I think. Or I think. Or I think. Or you think. Or you think. Or you think. But do I think. The cold cold bath retard in the wind The cold cold cold cold cold The night TV These President come Replicate muscle in And in our king is it idiot I don't know why They won't want to die But no easy sir First rules the neck for you With President thumbs Oh What I can tell You got both on spot And get to we all hold it more Here you are best No love love It's rather stupid So cold cold cold And this drug is richhead Don't go crazy Lumber them me Please President thumbs Yeah don't care What a tough You got him in my hook And cross the pressure Oh no what's most of you and I But have a beer We've got a great leader here With President thumbs Oh Oh Oh 275-60WQA And it's our big Wednesday Know what our 559 votes on at pool What's your take on the 200 and some odd Haitians who made it here yesterday Well no more refugees close the gates That's what 28032 people say 59.3% They should be sent back immediately If not 292-605% And they should be allowed to apply for political asylum 81-14.4% They should be allowed to stay 38 5.3% And that 30 I'm sorry don't get carried away 35.3% Only Cuban should be allowed to stay when they reach US 24 4.2% Are so on a bash to say Not a con whatever they say 27 past noon at 5.60WQA Let's face it You've been here about fast train for a long time You've probably got fast train coming out of your brain It's just so simple If you have the dedication fast train Or if you have the opportunity to come To be certified computer professional And start making a serious income According to the time magazine And they know they're crap But demand for computer professionals will continue to explode To give big is life itself The average student fast train Complaints are trading in just 4 short months Attaining school to 3 nights a week Once you've completed that certification fast train We'll help in getting a great new computer job To pass train advice you to come in Visit their train career counselor And determine which track is ideal for you for you. Call Fastrain 86 Fastrain to set up that appointment with Gorkin Vini locations you'll find him in Miami, Pembro Pines, Fort Lauderdale and brand new now in Kendall, for you. And don't forget to ask the queer counselor for us to students like yourself who are currently in their dream jobs. Call Fastrain toll free. I was just thinking about Todd Dreck makes me laugh. Call Fastrain or cry 1-8-6 Fastrain that's 1-8-6 Fastrain or check them out of the web at fasttrain.com. Tell them that Todd Dreck told you to Call Fastrain.com Call Fastrain.com Stop, get me fired up when I hear someone say that. Hi, therefore he's a girl. Today, we can the very extra special friends that invite, to show us all about something new special. I don't know what to do right now. Come on in, I'm like man. Oh, Arilani! Hey, brought by something I wanted to show you. Ooh, I wonder what it is. It looks like a... A catapult. That's me, bag boy. What's your bag? Hey! What? Can I touch it? Sure, go ahead. Run your hands then. That's... Hey, you're welcome. Hey. What's this right here? That is my ball pipe. What are you doing with the ball pipe? You blow it, lad. Hey, you put your mouth around it and your blow. Oh, can I do that? Hey, would you like to blow my pipe, lad? Oh, can I? Sure, go ahead. Okay. Come on, lad. You got to put your mouth around it, lad. Don't be afraid. It's not going to break. All right, like this. Hey, that's a boy. Stick it on the way down your throat. It's good, lad. It's good. Hey, it means you're doing it in life. What's this over here? That's me, chandle. What's what do we do with that? What do you do with that, lad? It's your, put your bow hands on it. You cover the hole and you run your hands up and down the shaft real quick. Hey. Hey, run your hands up and down it there. No, it you want to do, lad. Is you want to blow on the pipe. You want us squeeze the bag nice and gentle. And then you want to run your hands up and down the shaft real quick. Oh, like, okay. All together, roll at the same time. Can't hit, he'll be there. Oh, good, lad. I'll do this. I'll do this, good lad. Sure. I'll do this, good lad. Keep low on. Go harder, lad. Hada. Squeeze the bag. Please, ma'am. Go, big one, you hands up and down the shaft. Quick, pass up. Run, you hands up and down the shaft. Go, go, go, go. Oh, go, go. You're still doing your job, lad. Come up, lad. Come up, lad. Come up. Come up. Get out of here, lad. Get out of here, lad. Get in. After the kids sent me breakfast. They were sick. They played down the hole. That's power. Oh, nice thing. Oh, God, the kids today don't know what's good. Like that song, I'm happy I live in a split level head. You remember that? F***, ah. How can you listen? I'm happy I live in a split level head. You remember that? No. Why am I surrounded by morons? Come on, how is it? Don't you go be, how he? There's nothing to put in the issue from you, lad. Oh, God. Come down. You're shot off battle. Okay, that's it. You're all fighting. You've been stuck with the open. You're listening, lad. You're fighting. You'll give that goes for you too. You'll who I am, find the cake of how red eyes. I came down here after losing my charm. About to be a big fish. You know, little punk. When they kicked me off yesterday and they told me, Don't come back again. I had some problems with wise guys who would buy Steinwood to doubt and dice, I'll read. Yeah. Fire. That's being made with old wiendine. I came up with your own fire. I hope that kids does what dries. I hope you d questions. I hope you'll be alive. I'm a big fish of little punk, see you. A big fish of little punk. I'm a big fish of little punk, a big fish of little punk. A big fish of little punk, a big fish of little punk. I'm gonna live with fun! Yeah! Ahhhh! Why don't somebody in your ass? No, now come down, Howard. What do you say we go have some nice sushi? Oh yeah, I got that something. I'm making it in my glass. Yeah, you. I'll make it for it. And I'm your name, the man. What do you do, the boy? Yeah, I'm your name, the man. Yeah, I'm your name, the man. They seem so sweet to me. With their firm little can. With their firm little boy. Little boys need to be with me. Cause I'm an emblem. I'm a name, the man. Yeah, I'm an emblem man. Hey, little kid, I'll give you candy. And a ride. You can sit on my left and I will. Let you drive. Let you drive. Let you drive. Yeah, you. Shake your mouth in. When you wear your little pants, don't tell a little secret. Cause I'm your name, the man. Yeah, I'm an emblem man. Yeah, I'm your name, the man. Oh, and when I shower, I'll invite you inside. Swordsworth. And when I touch your little parts, I get high, I get high. Let go. I get high. Oh, yeah, I got that something. I'm making it in my glass. Yeah, you. I make it for. And I'm your name, the man. Okay. I'm your name, the man. Yeah, I'm your name, the man. I'm your name, the man. It's barneished with the sewer of this place. Well said, Mo. 22 to 1 at 5.60. You never do come to the van dog coming to go on a clock. And by the way, Mo, they all hate you. You know, we all have different lifestyles. Therefore, we need different products to make us feel better and be healthier. And we're going to make it to the world. And we're going to make it to the world. And we're going to make it to the world. And we're going to make it to the world. And we're going to make it to the world. And we're going to make it to the world. And we're going to make it to the world. And we're going to make it to the world. And we're going to make it to the world. And we're going to make it to the world. And we're going to make it to the world. And we're going to make it to the world. And we're going to make it to the world. And we're going to make it to the world. And we're going to make it to the world. And we're going to make it to the world. And we're going to make it to the world. And we're going to make it to the world. And we're going to make it to the world. And we're going to make it to the world. And we're going to make it to the world. And we're going to make it to the world. And we're going to make it to the world. And we're going to make it to the world. And we're going to make it to the world. And we're going to make it to the world. And we're going to make it to the world. And we're going to make it to the world. And we're going to make it to the world. Don't forget to visit the Sample Pavilion at Sports Center. We're selling with the offensive playing home games. Pick up some free, all you're going to do is And start popping it in your push for good health. Bye, and welcome. This is five six years. Three years old, you're in the world. And you ain't. I'm talking about women. I'm going to read the country. You're the country's favorite movie. Yes, with your fucking yellow teeth so far apart. And the leaves are crumbling up what you'd be doing. And the old fascist black cat, hooking, schmots of stars. Is you day because you were at home, really? You need gold. Is you deflacate and jimmemare of this mob? Does they lack? How you have their shoes covered with the... Huh? Oh, the way you wash and knock the white is caused. You're the junior, say the trust you, Conbully you. To sell our allies of the greedy, all alone. But then he make you clean all the white house bathroom. The couple seems to enjoy it, And then scrub the floor. Hey, yeah, you don't wear sandals. God's no leave, oh. Your country don't help make them all rich and beautiful. You're not being naked. You should smack it, be well-froated. If you'll be what you'd be that dopey spoo. When they while you be sleeping fast, Maybe that. That they're treating you just like your ester-roll. That's when your head will move from side to side. Dr. Leighlo. It's too much at room here. They think crackle asshole. Well, he's a teller-hassy Nazi. Oh, who got the money from his daddy? Oh, and if I said my little granny. Oh, whitts in a gender that's crappy. Oh, well, he's a teller-hassy Nazi. No, but they are fillet. Well, he's a brother that will son. Who doesn't have to run? No one else has gone away. Who's right in? She's hard. She's hard. She's hard. He hasn't golden spoon. He was born with others as. So look out on you, dude. Get ready for the gas. And we've got the assy Nazi. Oh, he'll give our civil rights the wavy. Oh, my DJ, teller-hassy Nazi. Oh, the baby, baby. Well, he's a very wealthy dude. Who never pays his dues by next year will always grow. She's hard. She's hard. She's hard. She's hard. Any spark with wind that raise against buddy, but K-wise, all you think they call it Gilbert. The Torio landing race. He's a dollar-hassy Nazi. Oh, he'll make the K-K-K have me. Oh, yeah, he's a teller-hassy Nazi. Oh, the best, the way. Come out, let's do step. Come on, let's go for this. Come on. Oh, that assyroly, please go away. Find a new way to attack a big, low-ho. And eat your whole home. Till you explode. Trust like your fat fat, choded ladies. Every bike you see on a plane. Spending your fingers that have yellow stain from T-toes. And see your toes. After Biggie Pugos. How to be fat disgusting and tasty. Oh, boy. You make the show different women smile. They like a girl who's sped and sad-seek. Think smelly that so repulsive and mild. Your body cheese smells like a cram, but After it was occupied by head, massless. You want to get into your car. You're gonna get in. Why? I can squeal. I can squeal. I can squeal. Fat lady. Live in with your numberless being. Sliver in and start to retrieve between her. Me, my husband, take a little yeast. Well, it's fishy to me. That's the fortune that's moist and tasty. Hey. Oh, bills to cause my neck hurts the China. Let's out a gigo. When he makes you a go, money goes. Not the kind you can do in the behind. But a cigar and her vagina, she's all mine. Well, he don't know where her stoke goes. I can see how there was some confusion between human, and the door and human horror. And then I can saw the term cedar box. Me and saw her naked. Stars reportedly to go in blind. That kid's in he was working hard. Late nights in the ovary office. Working on a practical joke. He took a mac and noodle, put an explode in. Loading for my cup with blow and rings a smoke. Bell to cause and mine it cause the China. All right. She lets out a gigo. Every time he makes you a go, money goes. It's not the kind you can do in the behind. But a cigar and her vagina, she's all mine. Well, people feel that Hillary's been. Made a fool of by her husband. Feel that Hillary was wrong. Up in the linking bedroom, she was mowing. Mowing how far was doing her with bills all bond. Bill's the cause and mine it cause the China. She lets out a gigo. Every pregnant time he makes you a go, money goes. It's not the kind you can do in the behind. Your father's a car and her vagina, she's all mine. Well, can do you single deal with her. Yeah, just master is faster. Oh yeah. What you got to do is take a tip or reload. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. We're sports when you're five six. You, yeah. Remember this golden gasser. What do you feel your nephew is in hell? I feel that my nephew can't get knocked with a longer bill. Not with the Lord, then in other words, in hell. I don't know. I feel I don't know what a Lord don't can be conveyed. He takes body, body, body, like a memo. You fear that that Roman Catholic community is they, you fear that he's a Christian. All right, we have on the line in Van Eyes here, a Roman Catholic priest on KFI of 64. How you doing? Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Better do the nightbreak, start your confusion. Well, clear the verdict. Perfect. Good.まで. Good. Good. Finally, unless the candles don't go in place, Man, you got to let the father explain. Why would I want to hear him talk about he? Why the fuck did he get in the mess and farm? This is like hell razor, black black hair is here. Okay, the yarn's red because you've been missing found about what's happened to your ear. Tell me, you eat the buck, you eat the whole damn thing. No. Excuse me. Don't you eat it? Wait the whole thing. The host. But he's the whole body, you know the man. That's not what I said. You said you eat the blood in the face. Oh, man. No, of Jesus Christ. Oh God, that is a blasphemy. What if you take the lead out? Or am I doing him for him? I believe he's not only good in the living and farm. Do you eat up on the booty too? I'm not going to answer that. I don't understand what's that mean. What does this man talk about eating the Lord Jesus? Let him finish. Let him just say what he has to say. Jesus, man, where Jesus took breath and breathed and broken and said, Take this and eat it. This is my body. Oh, good. I need to take the cup of wine. You said take and drink this is my blood. And again, he said, I'm going to eat my body and drink my blood. Oh, my God. This is good, right? Exactly. You're talking about eating up on Jesus. I can call you a woman. What we believe. You grow but on Jesus, angel. What? You're going to believe in the Lord of all ages. You're going to believe in my blessing. What about him? Get mad. I'm the man. I'm not done your part. I don't know what you're going to do. The Catholics not done your part, huh? You've all left no more. You've left no more. You've left no more. Yeah. You've all left no more. You've left no more. You've left no more. You've left no more. Imagine that doesn't matter. That doesn't matter. It's like a brother bull home. I'm in a bull home. Hey, listen father, I thank you for taking the time. I really do. I really do. Yeah. You're a good Easter. Well, you're, you'll taste your sins. Well, I'm going to pick up. That's true. Thank you, brother. All right. That was a Roman Catholic priest. And imagine all my boy like a brother bull, oh, you can eat meat. All right. What was it? What's it called man? Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh no. Oh you can eat me bro. So, that's it. Answer the way. Mad Dog's next to you. Bye bye. The middle Roger show on 560. I'm the man who will learn how to play.