Thank you BHA Billie Woo sage What's your estate Boosting Adา? I'm gonna get into the thinking I'm gonna get some of this I'm gonna get some of this Okay, let me ask you this question Why are you playing music? Are you not hearing me? Because you weren't on. No, we weren't hearing you in the beginning How is that possible? I don't want to say why Why not? And querying minds want to know It's called I messed up So I just start over again Are we having a reason? We have to go through this We sit and talk For an hour and a half before the show starts Every goddamn morning And then all of a sudden like in two minutes before the top of the hour Somebody screws things up in here I don't want to mention what might be today But who is it? It's me, Robert Not the beast, isn't? Nope It's Robert Oh, Robert Well, that's because you didn't like our pull on bush There, that's me I filled my tank up How is I to know I'd be helping finance 9-11 By giving money to you and a cow Or avocado and the car lio group I've turned my lights on last night I'm not an author paying James Baker's great place I named him to today How was I to know I was providing bath water to the middle east Well, that means a bad again Every time you've like a marijuana cigarette You're helping to finance where I'm going on the lords And breaking a law based on the old movie Reef or Madness That is Jill Joanna Is the Skid of a poor man guide I just found a Reef or a choice Now I'm white man You know Now I just jump up this window This message paid for by the committee To keep America in the dark ages That's what they're doing a good job, I'll tell that So let me ask you, do you hear me now everything okay? Now we hear you find sounds wonderful Okay Good That's good This is getting pretty embarrassing And it's always on that end Is it ever on this end? No Always on that end down there Which is one of the many many reasons Far to a lengthy do a document here in these short period of time Like four hours Why I'm glad that I'm not there The home of incompetence and aneptitude Just like yesterday we got a blockhead See this is the problem when you put a bunch of s-jocks on the ear Who pretend to be broadcasters I don't want to pick on blockhead Joe Rose But the fact is that this guy How long has he been at WCFQA before they finally, you know, before he finally departed One more the other I don't nine years, something like that Last time I heard, huh? I don't know I think it was at least five years And this guy doesn't know a program log from Mr. Whipple He doesn't know what the program log looks like And this is the video you got a bunch of x-jocks We don't know how to turn on a microphone Who wouldn't know what the hell a goddamn log looks like If you stuck one up there ass And that's why we had all that, all that was very exciting radio yesterday I thought it was fun It was so great We had a pretty good time The good news is the black sack showed up today That's good news So if it's got their free food That's the most important part, as long as they keep getting a free food They're happy, especially George Yep 996 votes, 966 votes on a pore yesterday How do you rate the job that President Bush and his administration are doing? He's a boso and disaster, 422 That's 43.6% Okay, he's doing okay, 184.9% Excellent, 159 I think Robert voted 50 times on that 16.4% which is very scary to me by the way Fair 134, 1328% And poor 67, 6.9% Well when you consider it's our ultra-liable audience He really didn't do that bad Because you got to understand that during times like these It's just not fashionable to criticize the president And his colleagues, his cohorts, his partners in crime Just like this dog and pony show they put on yesterday We'll get to that's come back that Puerto Rican guy's what George said Who? Jose Padilla, we'll get to him momentarily We got bigger fish to five first Well I mean they arrested the money, 8th of May You don't think it was just like coincidents after all this heat coming down on the FBI And the CIA and all these embarrassments That asked Croft just decided to make this announcement for emotional, as yesterday They arrested the money, 8th of May And then last night on the CBS TV news they were saying Well maybe it wasn't a suitcase bomb, maybe it wasn't a dirty bomb Well you know But there's a dog and pony show and of course the majority of the people being the Lemmings that they are out there just waiting to be lived by the nose Oh look at this, where are we got it, we got our bag, well we got an evil door Let's hear it And of course there's always that soft floor to connection notice Every scumbag That comes down to pike Even if they arrested like in Japan somewhere No matter where they find a scumbag there's always a soft floor to connection Speaking of scumbags let's talk about people during the moment here if we can There's got a kid at the IODI and Z clear channel Continues doing it, they bring in very jackass rights in a year of this morning Feel that's been fired for criticizing shows I'm going to tell you something people, I would call you scumb But that would be an insult to all the scumb on the face of the earth Whatever whatever is about 20 steps lower than scumb That's what you and your cohorts achieve channel RPD bulger, you little tiny scumbag you Clear channel and at the reason I'm using that term is because there's nothing else I can use on the year How about smithead? Okay In fact when somebody's got a wild bow to messy diarrhea That's paid bulger what you find in the pool, that's exactly what you find Here on a duller rated smith, that's him Clear channel committed, not that I'm such a big feel I've just been fan even a whiz listen right now and he's a big group of the show He's okay, never stole a freight train, he's all right It's kind of weak, not actually he's a pretty good guy Clear channel communications on Monday, fire WIOD, WIOD, sportscaster, Phil Latsman They're Latsman Who blasted his former employer as a classless place, not committed to doing good radio Well, that's the only statement of the century Latsman said program director Pete the assassin bulger said he was dropped because he criticized Other programming on a station Well, he's your got some nerve, not any of that Criticizing other programming on that station Latsman 33 said several months ago he referred to WIOD's pre-NASCAR program The racing nuts as the illiteracy hour And advised listeners to go down to the nearest trader park for translation I think that's a panic I think that's great In fact, any it would have blah blah I'm not going to apologize to Joe Costello because he just got bad taste The fact of the matter is that's true, NASCAR's for rednecks That whole thing Trader trash and then some Jason Salakin will take over for Latsman on WIOD I don't know how much better it all this time on this because nobody listens to that station anyway They got fractions Jason Salakin will take over for Latsman on WIOD He's 6 to 7 p.m. weeknight sports talk show And could get to job permanently Latsman also did WIOD's heat pre-game show, doer Yes, his Latsman also had been WIOD's heat pre-game show Nice going there Barry, you illiterate little puddwacker, you turd Clear channel doesn't care about quality programming Latsman said they were looking for an excuse to your riddle Maybe because I made too much money After 10 years there I got only 2 weeks severance pay Latsman married with 2 kids He'll see another job in a market This is very jackass So the beat goes on It gets canned, gets dumped unceremoniously at IODI at Z Because he was making more than 5 bucks an hour You know, yesterday right toward the end of the show I was the very last story that I did Was a story about Peter Gotti and it mentioned it like John Gotti And I'm watching TV a little bit later on yesterday afternoon and guess who died John Gotti John Gotti The godfather He died The godfather So no let me forget right before the end of the show today for me to talk about Pete Bulger What are you laughing about? I'm a you don't mess with this kid, okay? How many times have I done that? Talked about somebody and all of a sudden but I'm being But I'm being don't see them no more just like Paulian a godfather Mother's scratch and idiot Pete Bulger how many lives you couldn't count on your fingers and toes All the lives that that son of a bitch is ruined in that market just just pathetic And of course he continues to be there because he's delighted to be the assassin I think he takes joy in it now You know what his favorite song is don't you? Pete Bulger Yeah, that's his theme song Lyrilire pants on fire Well, I could I'm not going to get sidetracked with the go back to those packs and days all the stories the bull crap Speaking of very important people in broadcasting This is probably the most important little important in the filanceman In the heraldus morning so it must be uh, who now Paul is oh poor fervor Did I say that right? Were you speaking Portuguese? A puzzle Did not I say it sure whatever You don't say it as rhodan Shut up as really dirty relentless is any variety show Sabro gigante host Mario Kreitzberger Did you know that was his real name when do he was Jewish better known by his legendary stage name down friend Cisco as voiced as sonorous demand Was audience for four decades a pause please Unapause a por favor I'm on the it was a subdued and humbled on Francisco who said at bongo's Cuban cafe to celebrate the launching of a special issue people and espioniel celebrating his 40th year on year Let's hear it 40 years on the air for that juboi for that the spec whatever he is jubin In this business you don't quit said quite sproger who's telegenic wizard and is show a spot in the Guinness Book of World Records is the longest continuously running program A television history I bet you didn't know that I had no idea and I think he's Chilean and you know what that's not right either Cuz hockey night in Canada has been on longer than 40 years, but hey, what is Guinness know how they don't know from their hockey? They're like mole. They don't know their hockey In this business you get retired by people or by ratings. He says luckily Kreitzberger's had plenty of admirers about a hundred million The worldwide tune in the weekly Sabro gigante or giant Saturday on Univision because they want to see a bunch of hot naked people basically This is the first time people on a spun your one offshoot of the English language magazine issued a special edition The staff found ambulance operation. They famously it would be in Don Francisco who allowed the magazine access to his archives his family even his wardrobe And it goes on a great length much too long for me anyway WTVJ NBC anchor NBC six anchor Jackie Nesprall and Lil Estefan co host of Univision that her team and show El Gordo, Ela Flaca got their started Don Francisco side And what a sad commentary that is I'm sure he's a wonderful guy But if he's responsible for Jackie Nesprall well Nobody's perfect. He's like my father my TV father said racial D as a model on the show the son of German Jewish immigrants Oi Kreitzberger began to program in 1962 in his native chili Bringing it to Miami 1986 was initially a hard sell we couldn't get advertisers said Kreitzberger received a star in the Hollywood Walker fame last year We went to one big department store in this man says Spanish television your viewers are our shop lifters, but we proved him wrong That's a great line So anyway Guinness book records is wrong because he's been on here for 40 years hockey night in Canada has been on here for I think of 50 years in fact it is 50 years because it's celebrating 50 years last night How about those red wings last night? I'm pretty boring. Oh man get that over with already So many 11th of freaking June get the hockey over with already. God let Carolina go home with you know They're banjo between their legs a nice job good, you know boring, but get it over with Providence after nine we apologize for our crappy start this morning, but Robert sabotaging was show probably cuz Mo put him up to it Just a joke mo just relax okay, don't get all out tight and squirrely all right just calm down And why does he take it out on the rest of the station too? We got mad dog at one and Hank at three and even fact Josh Friedman at seven in Marlon baseball You know if you don't want to promote me at least promote the other guys you idiot you clown You know summer time it is another one of those hot-salt feet is today Yeah Was that a difficult question why it was how come it is I feel like I'm out of sync with whatever's going on or not? It's because of the start oh Through us off and we're never gonna allow re-aubler cover just calm down All the omits of product will make you feel your best and keep you in good health no matter how hot and humid it gets in Sulfre South Florida all your wedges soft y'all caps and luck contains pharmaceutical grade olive oil along with a lot of good stuff Vitamin to been air minerals and urbals too to promote health for all different aspects of your body There's a product help your prostate one for your heart one for your blood pressure and even one for your cholesterol All you might've got supplements to promote health and your circulatory system your digestive endocrine system Your skin and bones even your mind such as it is I'm using the benefits of the best olive oil on this planet and don't forget All you might've got products for man and ladies as well All you might've available all over town so pick some up now wall greens carries at Whole Food Markets Navarro pharmacy answer donos to olio edas a stupideness exciting new product people are granite everywhere They can find it and the olio made too if you want to get more information about it Just call them toll free the answer or your questions call 1 866 Olio man that's 1 866 OLEO MED or their product off their website if you prefer it's easy just log on to olio men America Am I my If you cringey Continuaria, duty safety hep gute cost with reality show given a Springer Alice as was for my Why If you win, you'll win by me, sits fast. Man to countdown continues. Aug mad is up to $500 in the standing time count. Now, to begin with the current record, he gets the grand prize. Till I'm all about it, Kenny. So, wait, take a good trip, power die! We're all stay permanently at... Allows power dice, hotel! I was cable TV, and the press 17 Festival Virgins with your new... ...the axe, axe, axe, axe! You're the see of the Saudi royal family. America's most trusted and valued friend. Back to you, KZ. Stop now, Ahmed. You won't have three minutes left. Don't you just like a matter of commitment. Oh, Lord, we'll not meddle, Abu Dhaba do. Find out tonight on Melisdini and Asydu. Only on GBS. Oh, 918 at 560, WQM, head of a rough start here this morning. When you say, but we'll make a two to one a clock. Now, our poll, Eric, who's getting a little bit pushing this morning. But you question, but you question, but you question. Yeah, see, George and I worked feverishly to put this all together. This is the first NNL installment in many. I didn't talk about that yesterday, I believe you did. Because there are so many one-hit wonders that you can't do it all in one day. And then Eric, not only has got what's the question, but then he also had like some other suggestions on it. Look at those, okay, Mr. Hot Chad, Mr. Music expert. Look at to him. But just a cool year, Jets, okay, the question is, and it's already up there, because George facted it two a long time ago. I was ago. Probably about three of this month. My facts on the list, but I didn't know the question. How we're wording it. Well, the question is, I'm going to give it to him right now for Christ's. What's your question? The question is, which of these one-hit wonders was the best? Pretty simple and uncomplicated about that, is there? I'm not sure I understand that question. Yeah, pretty complicated, pretty complex. Which of these one-hit wonders was the best? And I had some on the list that I don't know where the hell I got him. Awesome, these are the list, but I looked at my billboard book. I couldn't find a one-hit wonder billboard book. I'm very sorry if the words are just books, though. And it would straight couldn't find it. Sorry. But I did look in my book to verify. We had some oner that were not one-hit wonders. Like the five-man electrical band for example, signs. Great song, but they had a couple of other. What was that other one? I forgot. I did too, but I'm not going to bend down and get to- I don't want to bend down too. Please don't get a little bit. Rectome dangerous. And then there's the list. You go to our website. I'm a little later while we're the whole thing for it. Just in case you're not here, you're computer right now. You want to get motivated? And yes, there are many more. And this, like I said, it's the first and the series. I don't know when we'll do the next moment. Maybe we'll do it again tomorrow. I don't know. Maybe we'll do it a week from a circus. Whatever the hell I feel like it. I'd like that, huh? That's when we'll do it, Eric. When the mood strikes me. Like tomorrow. See, this really shocks me is because I didn't put this on. Did I put it on there? Oh, I did put it on there. It's the second. Well, the reason I put it on there is because I could only find two CDs. Yeah. Well, I didn't have a lot of time to scour. You know, today I'll scour all of our records stores downtown. But I only found two one hit one CDs. So I had to put some of this stuff on there. For example, I wouldn't, personally, I wouldn't vote for this myself. But since we had, now we had that comedy put on it right? Right? And I loved it by the way. And who wrote my title? So, or so, it's your blue flag. You don't know where to go to, but don't you know where to go where to buy a fashion set? Did you case this? Yeah, he said she meant it. But anyway, he's gone to back to headlight and hit with love and spoonful, but this was a million of his one hits by his cell. Well, come back. You dream for your. You didn't even know that you didn't know that was John Sebastian. Did you? No, oh, I forgot. I knew it before. And I bet you're most of our music experts in the audience didn't know that was John So, but the great John Sebastian either because it was such a crappy TV show. Good team. But you see, the theme always annoyed me because I associated it with that show. Was it a good theme? Wanted? I didn't like it. You didn't like that? Sorry. No. Oh, yeah, it was kind of dippy. But now that I know that John Sebastian, I view it with a whole, I listen to it with the whole different altitude. See? Even that dippy start, I like it. Anyway, we'll get to the list and all that stuff. Just calm down here where you can go ahead, put it up there. We gave it a list hours ahead of time today and you make it a very complex. Which of these one hit wonders was the best? And this is just the first installment. They're probably like about 5,000 one hit wonders. Wouldn't you think? At least. Since we didn't put any like time limitations on this. In fact, the one sheet that somebody facts me was just 1970 alone of which we took many of the men that stuck him on here to just one year. I'd like the last 52 years for example since 50. Anyway, CBS News, we've got to get to our your good close personal friend. What's his name? What is name? Jose Padilla. Oh, yeah, my buddy. One of your people. Not necessarily. Not in your close immediate family, but he's like, just like what's his name over there. Don Francisco is one of mine people. I'll take down Francisco over Jose Padilla any day. But anyway, US officials are backing away from assertions that the man arrested last month in Chicago last month. Was plotting a dirty bomb attack on the US according to a CBS correspondent Jim Stewart. You know that trippy little Jim Stewart on CBS? Nope. Basically, he says, uh, they lied. US officials now admit they're not sure what American born Abdullah al-Muhah jers plans were ready to return to the US last month. And any plot including possibly exploding radiation bomber Washington DC was in the initial planning stages, but given what he trained for in Afghanistan, they'd expected the worst. In other words, they didn't know what that was going on. He researched nuclear weapons and received training and wiring explosive while in Pakistan, and was instructed to return to the West to conduct recent reconnaissance operations for al-Qaeda said deputy defense secretary Paul Wolfowitz. Investigators had known a Muhah jere for some time including his alias, much of their information about him came from Abu Zubayda al-Qaeda's top surviving operations officer until his capture last march, who tipped them off to Muhah jers American mission. He had indicated some knowledge of Washington DC, but I want to emphasize again that there was not an actual plan. We stopped this man in the initial planning stages, said Wolfowitz. That was echoed by FBI to record Robert Mueller who also said the plan to explore the dirty bomb had not gotten past the planning stages. But don't let that stop the media. Because right away as soon as this story broke as soon as the announcement made the rest even it was over month before. The media starts going on about dirty bombs and bap bap bap bap bap bap baa and radiation and run for the hills and hide under the table. Muhah jere born in New York as Jose Padilla was detained by the FBI in Chicago over a month ago when he flew in from Pakistan on May the 8th. Yesterday the last time I checked was June the 10th more than a month later. U.S. Attorney General John Ascroft speaking in Moscow where he was meeting with Rakhina officials announced he rest yesterday. We've disrupted an unfolding terrorist plot to attack the U.S. by exploding a radioactive dirty bomb ascroft said. The Attorney General said the government had multiple independent and corroborating sources that L. Al-Aum-Aum-Aum-U-Dah-Hajir was closely associated with Al-Qaeda and was involved in planning future terrorist attacks on innocent American civilians in the U.S. I'm not purporting the fact that they got him. Now just cut his legs off and put him in a broom closet somewhere and you know so will be safe. But it's a part of the whole dog and pony show that just never ends because they got to cover the rest now. They got to make it look like they have some ID what's going on which of course they don't. Then there's the Broward Kerechmortral get to from the Sun Sentinel. Did you read that? Of course not. Some of you read it too? You will. I will. But before that CNN dot com says it's the chaos not the chemicals that likely would cause the most harm should a dirty bomb explode expert say. Hard of tax not radiation poisoning might claim more victims. So what we're trying to say is in spite of the arrest everybody don't show panic. That's what we're trying to say. Don't get all better out of shape and spite of the media trying to get your all whipped up into a hysterical frenzy. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't get all better out of shape. Here is no goddamn dirty bomb. People wouldn't have my radius of even a particularly potent dirty bomb would be exposed to less than the average dose of radiation a person receives naturally within a year according to the American Institute of Physics website. Or there's nothing like a good physics. That's what my mother says. Most people are working radiation environments annually received ten times the exposure of a person within a half mile of a dirty bomb. The site says. Stress and fear induced heart attacks are more likely to cause death after a dirty bomb explosion than a radioactive material. But let me stress again as far as we know there is no dirty bomb. There's a dirty rat but there is no dirty bomb. We should emphasize that unlike the rest of the media they're exploiting this like crazy. It said it's the ignorance of the actual threat that produces the most harm. People may mistakenly envision a small scale version of the nuclear devastation experience at Hiroshima Japan. But the radioactive material in dirty bombs would not likely cause any more harm than that of the explosion itself. According to the Council on Foreign Relations, the size of the explosive device would dictate the extent of any death toll. Follow that? I got it. In other words, not something really nice but not the anything you get all hysterical about. The media wants people to get hysterical because they know watch and it's good for ratings and that's good for business. And that's what the world is about about business. 927 at 560 WQM speaking a business here's a simple question for you. If somebody offered to give you just hand over to you several thousand dollars over the next few years would you take it? Or it would be a little stupid not to do it which makes it really foolish to pass up a chance to refinance or buy a home at just 3.95%. Here's the deal is a phantom a program available 3.95% for both refinancing and purchasing of homes think about it. Just 3.95% and all you have to do is call financial group at their toll free number 1-800-940-5363. To be more specific you can get yourself 100 grand with payments of only $175 or get you 200 grand repayments of only $950 a month. You'll save yourself a crapload of money so it would be downright stupid to pass up a chance like that. Do the math and do the next smart thing get the details by calling financial group toll free. It's 1-800-940-LAND. That's 1-800-940-5363. There were an equal housing lender. Credit restrictions do apply and rates are sub... Like there might not be any more. We can't get to it. That's which we owe 560. You a-am. Did he tuck it or did he cock it? I still want to steal it. I still want to steal it. I still want to steal it. I still want to steal it. I still want to steal it. I still want to steal it. I still want to steal it. I still want to steal it. I still want to steal it. I still want to steal it. I still want to steal it. I still want to steal it. I still want to steal it. I still want to steal it. I still want to steal it. I still want to stole it. I still want to steal it. I still want to steal it. I still want to steal it. I still want to steal it. I still want to steal it. I still want to steal it. I still want to steal it. I still want to steal it. I deport you to the day and... I'm against bullets. I'm not against guns. I close my eyes and I'm dreaming of war crimes A case of fear and some pointy suit I'm rolling around and nothing laid up a sun Yeah, my swimming pool is filled with peace too I don't touch any body else And I do them and to even touch my face I don't touch any body else alone And I don't touch any body else I don't touch any body else I don't touch any body else alone I don't touch any body else alone I don't touch any body else And I do them and to even touch myself I don't want to keep the food coming I don't want to hold piles in high I don't want to stop until I'm unconscious I'm a piece of dance high And in a big, big, big space, big, big, big I 33 at 5.60 WQIM I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else I don't want to touch any body else Let me see if there's anything on this one Really bizarre I guess somebody might know this one You seem to know it I played this one before the show Mr. Big What? Okay To be with you, didn't you know that one? Hold on a little girl Oh yeah Hold on a little girl Hold on a little girl Hold on a little girl Hold on a little girl Hold on a little girl Hold on a little girl Hold on a little girl Hold on a little girl Hold on a little girl Hold on a little girl Hold on a little girl Come on a little girl The film is on their own Isn't it? Almost to mansion welcome back Cutter Onили Empty Me, what ahead do we Take too much to dream. Shadows of night glory of this is a good list. Norman Green Bomb Spirit in the sky, shocking blue and Venus, marmalade reflections of my life. Wow. Edison Lighthouse love grows where my rosemary goes. Mountain, Mississippi Queen, white planes, my baby loves love, alive and kick and tighter and tighter. Ardine Taylor, Indiana wants me. I love the sirens on it. Don't you love on the sirens start? Free, all right now. I would have voted for that, but I played it so much when I was on Zeta. I want a puke if I ever heard it again. Great song. I don't want to hear it. I agree with you. I almost voted for it and then I, no, they destroyed it. Question Mark and Mysterians, which I thought they were from Saginaw Michigan. I was a sworn that, but my billboard books is a Texas group. I bet I bet them a lot of your money that they're from Saginaw Michigan. Question Mark. 96 tears was the name of their well, medley of their hit. And boy dukes, during the center of the mind. Boy, that was great. That was a, one of the first, like, psychedelic, you know, acid, trippin. Now, still start with the drugs, though. What do you place? You started peddling drugs. Argin, hold your head up or hold this head up. David Essex, rock on the five stair steps, ooh child. That's what the D on the end. You think it would be like, ooh child, like honey child by Martha Nivenle. Do you know that what was that on the backside of honey child? Sorry. No, I think that well, fat stomano did the original one. I think it was on a flip side of blueberry hill. A book of brain would know or somebody who knows of the music. I bet you that honey child was on a flip side of a blueberry hill by fat stomano. And then they done it. Martha Nivenle is on honey child. It was great. I wish I had it. Human beings nobody but me. Looking glass, brandy, steam, and the actual title is Nana, hey, hey, kiss him goodbye. We had we had little confused about how many Nana's the were net only two. Nana, hey, hey, kiss him goodbye, steam. Strawberry alarm clock incense and peppermint. So this list is awesome. You know, Zagarin Evans in the year 25 25 paper, laced the night Chicago died, which I could live without that. Randy of the rainbows Denise, pot fan, friend and lover reach out of the darkness. Oh, I have that here. So that's not on that disk. I'll get to the other one. Keith 98.6. I don't want to hear him anymore. The proclamers. I'm going to be 500 miles in parentheses. Now, what have we find out that was from some Johnny Depp movie? It was in a Johnny Depp movie and it's a relatively recent and they were from Scotland and nobody will hear anything. Really? Yeah, Robert likes it a lot. Well, there it is. It's on list Charlie Pride, kiss and angel good morning. Now, I don't start sniggering on that. Charlie Pride, kiss and angel good morning. I guess you know what I'm going to have to play after the break. No. Well, you know, something, if you would have held a gun to my head, I couldn't have told you what the original song was off that bit that book of brand does. You, you lie. No, I got it did not know what it was. Okay, when was the last time you heard kiss and angel good morning by Charlie Pride? Day before yesterday. I bet you was a cool one's age you go with so long. And then two great ones to round out today is list the mystics and hushie by that got my vote and the monotones and book a love. But this is an awesome list of I do say so myself and this is just the first group, the first batch has used to say on a round and round show the first batch. So who do you vote for? I just got through telling you the mystics and hushie by. I think we have a real failure to communicate here today is what I'm saying. Let's see, soft sell and tainted love, you know, probably because I played like a little taste of it. There's probably why I got the number one of you. Yeah, I wish I had all these so I could play them. It's been posting a good time. But I don't. Yeah, I was okay. But certainly, I mean, is that the best on that list? I sure hope not. Oh yeah, my baby loves love. Well, I'm glad you found that. I love that. You'll be getting these in the mail very soon. But the right way is my baby loves love. I'm mentally of their smash. Yeah, there's no way to talk it up. There's a good song forever. Excellent. 20 till 10 at 5 60 WCM. See how like these shows where we do the music stuff and the movie stuff and then yesterday we had like either two sarcastic assholes out there, two witty stupid people in the audience. Remember those facks as I got? Yeah, pretending they didn't understand what just being sarcastic. Guy. One more reason I'm so glad that I'm not there. Here's another reason. You realize that the dilemma Chris is going to provide me a new map for sub here next year. Are you aware that conversation? Yes. That's what fat boy was telling me in a hallway. And of course, when he says it, let's hope we can keep him alive long enough to make sure it gets done next year. When I come back to Toronto, I don't think they're going to be shipping them on across the sea to Amsterdam. Although I sure could use one boy. My landlord got a sense of humor. My mattress over there is like a brick on a on a wooden platform. That's my mattress in Amsterdam. I mean, it's a little better than that. But that's what it feels like. If your mattress isn't worth a crap, then your back isn't any good. And you feel like crap all the time. If you want to feel great, get a great night sleeper. You night call the experts at dialometrist one EC phone call man. It's all it takes. I keep trying to explain that to you people and over and over again. And a lot of you think good. This have gotten smart and done this part thing by calling 1-800 mattress. Just one simple call to the bedding experts. We'll get you hooked up with a kind of mattress. You want the size, the queen, the king, the twin, whatever you're looking for. And a brand name that you like the best because they got the best in the universe. They got Serta and Sydney. They got Simmons and King Coral as well. And no store anywhere in the world can match their selection or they're exceptionally low every day prices. No bait and swish. The one you're looking for is always in stock. And ready for immediate delivery as soon as a couple hours have to make the call. And whenever you want them to deliver any to our window you like. You pick it the day of the week, whatever you like, noon to two, one to three, whatever. And they give you that 30 day in home comfort trial. So you can sleep on a mattress and test it out the right way to make sure it's perfect for you and your back. Call them right now. You'll be sleeping with a gigantic smile on your post as soon as tonight call 1-800 mattress. 1-800-MATTR-ES or check them out on the world working well. I know that the Lord even loves Neolotras. Good. Hey, you want us to find a way to reimburse more back pay from 200 years ago when they were playing. Don't miss us to do us. Well, I only have a mobile home. A pitfall in a pinch of scone. So if you want us to have here what I gotta say. Oh, well I give it to you. You've got to listen to your good morning. You feel a bit of sorry for its labor among. Listen to your good morning. And that's where everybody who is dead and cold. If I was born in 1802, old enslaved saints something I do. But point for dead people, did do you? I have to take the blinds. Who gets you to pour an old money back? No. With the can of spalli cherry in fact, it's did a 40 acres and a view. I have a better way. You've got to listen to your good morning. I am put on how a fair and organ payment to listen to your good morning. And that's your best intuition for a slave at you. Listen to your good morning. And till that you're sorry for its labor among. Yeah, that's a bigger good moment. I want to give you a kiss. That's where I'm reminded to his dead and cold. I'm 47 at 560 WQ. I'm happy Tuesday to his sunshine and here so far. It's a beautiful day. It's going to be hotter and hell here than anybody. 8586. There? Yeah. That is not good. Panic. It's going to be back down to about 7. So don't get all up and out of shape. Just one of those hot and humid days. It's June man. The crap happens. You know, and it's going to rain tonight. I'm just keeping in touch with what's happening up here. Okay. It's raining here. We'll not right now. But I hear the weather that it's either like 100. 85 degrees or it's pouring cats and dogs. And it's not anything I miss. No, that's not for I'm not good. In fact, I think that's why today's hot and humid here. Just so I get like a little taste of it and realize how happy I am that I'm out there. Soft sell by 10. It loves got 13 vote. Can you believe that? I don't know if I believe that. Now it's got 14. So I think it's a little suspect Norman Greenbomb spirit in the sky's got six mountain Mississippi Queen got five also five paper lays that I Chicago died. Oh, it's the stench of commoner and looking at what's got 50 well, not 15. Well, whatever they like they like. Okay. Whatever they want to deal with, that's fine with me. One hit wonders. We could do this for like the next 100 years. You know that. Marble it still only has my one vote. That's that's a sin. If anything is a sin, that's a sin. In fact, this could be this could be the winter of all time or functions of somebody's life, but it's not going to win today's poll. And of course the winter of today's poll, now we'll get to carry on next time we do this against whatever other ones we come up with. Only one survives from today you can understand that. I know it's depressing, but oh well, not this one that he could make it. Oh, you know. Great song. I mean paper lays the night Chicago died. He's got five votes and that's only got George's vote. At least the mystics and hashibis got full. Mine in three more. Journey bomb suspect has current passed in Broward from the early 90s. What? How do you like that? No surprise. Every scumbag, every degenerate, every low life, every trash, every sunrise, police lieutenant Charlie by towel recognized an him instantly even a decade later. Jose Padilla lived in Laurahil when by Tala arrested him after a road raid shooting incident in 1991 by Tala was a brand new detective on the job for only two years at the time. I almost shot him because he went for his gun by Tala said two bad it was almost Charlie Padilla's in a lot more trouble now. Prosecutors announced yesterday that Padilla now Abdullah al Muja here after converting to Islam in the early 1990s is part of an al Qaeda terrorist network that plotted to unleash a radioactive bomb lob bomba in the US. Maybe he listened to Richie Falun's one time too many and I'll let him over to the edge. Guess we ain't could be here in him no more. How did we get that there somewhere too, but we got to bomba? But he had other hits unfortunately and then of course he died and that plane with the big bopper and Buddy Holly. Buddy Holly. You know something I like Buddy Holly but I think he was a little bit overrated. I agree. Thank you for saying that. I mean Buddy Holly had you know he was good buddy on the quick it's that'll be the day you know and Peggy Sue who he was okay he was pretty good just fine if he hadn't died I mean he died and I plane crash made him bigger than life itself. And a big bopper I mean you know he was fun but he had chantel he lays what else did he have? Dahi. Yes I better look at that story about Jose Padilla. See we're like mixing and matching today. We have lots of filler music by the way for you to look stuff up. Oh no I don't need filler music for stuff up. If I want to fill a music I got a right here. Oh get out of here. Oh John. That's starting to bug me. What am I looking for the big bopper? Yes. He's still dead by the way. He's singing up there oh that's right he had the big bopper's wedding so he doesn't qualify for one hit wonders because otherwise he would chantel he lays 8458. See that's another thing the byproduct of our polls is the age factor. Because I think from end to end of our listeners weren't even born when most of these songs were it's like Robert there for example what is Robert no about these songs right? I know some not all. I mean he knew the the proclaimers I'm gonna be five out of a mouth because that was like only nine years ago and he's big on anything from nine years ago. Anyway Padilla told government interrogators after his arrest may 8th in Chicago they turned to East Lama and Cursor waited in the brownheaded jail and ultimately took his Islamic name. Actually I'm all the only sigel birds they go to jail and all of a sudden they become like born again Christians they become Muslims. FBI agent showed up at the sunrise police department about a month ago looking for his fingerprint cards and paperwork by tell said. Like some of the terrorist to flueuer planes in US buildings on 9 11 Padilla had ties to South Florida living there from 1990 to release 1997. Religious leaders at several local mosques say they did not recognize his name or his photo at the Lake Park Gardens condo complex in plantation there was a plaque quoting scripture on a door at the home of Padilla's mother Estela Ortega as for me and my house we will serve the Lord there was also a statue of a cherub reclining two bows decorated with American flag patterns and a handwritten note please leave this family in peace Victor Oles ortega's lawyer said money's announcement regarding the so-called dirty bomb plot caught her off guard and that before Padilla's arrest at all here when he arrived from Pakistan via Zurich holding $10,000 in cash his mother thought he was coming home to visit his family she said to me that she never had any information of what it led her to believe that there's some was involved in terrorist group old said she knows that he was in the middle east for a while but that's uh nothing else she knows. When Ozei was for his mother Estela Ortega moved him to the west coast while washikagra either from Brooklyn and washikagra they lived in a modest row house they shared with two other families his father apparently died when he was young neighbors we call that his name was Pucho or Puggi and that he played softball in the streets. Pucho? I guess what do you mean you guess? I never heard that word but law enforcement you're learned something not even ten o'clock and he's already learned an esponial here today a stickler in Spanish on the near rodgers show but law enforcement sources say he ended up pursuing less but i nactivities he joined the Latin kings a street gang that used to promote itself as a nonviolent source of empowerment for young Latinos before dozens of its leaders were sent to jail the sources also say was involved in a gang-lang murder when he was only 13. On the night of August 15 85 to shy of his 15th birthday Patee and five others attacked in rob three men on Chicago street core record said one victim was fatally stabbed and Patee kicked him in the head because he was a juvenile records you're not available on what charge Patee faced or they outcome of the case. In 1991 he moved to Florida where he was living with a girlfriend and working at hotels for 200 bucks a week according to a successful workers compensation claim that knitted them an additional five bucks a week and driving a car with tinnit windows and that important that we know that he was driving a car with tinnit windows but this i'll tell you this sunset although my surroundings important part of the profile on October 891 Patee was driving a black Toyota to sell money flashed a handgun at two men another car during a traffic incident both car stopped at a gas station open park full of art and university drive where Patee pulled out a gun fired at the windshield and missed according to the police report and no one was injured i know that intersection very well know the gas station he was a 20 year old vital said he just got angry and popped off around yeah this popped off around sticking out the house where Patee lived with his girlfriend at 2315 northwest 50 fifth there was a lawyer heli down after the road rage incident by tell the no about Patee's extensive arrest record a record that includes involvement in a murder and robbery is a juvenile Patee was walking up to the house when by telling his partner he'll from to get to the on the ground he started backing up and reached into his waistband for the gun before officers of duty there were only a couple times i could look back and know for sure that something was very close that was one of the vital said Patee was charged with aggravated assault firing a firearm from a vehicle and carrying concealed weapon 1991 and sped 300 three days in Broward County jail he told police at the time of the arrested worked for two weeks at the holiday in on university driving plantation setting up backward rooms boy this is this is all i took close to home you know it and it goes on and on and on patee lived at number locations around south floating the sundown apartments in lottahil or residents at a yellow and brown garden apartment complex and never heard of them less than a mile from lottahil city hall joy gill more 57 year old musician spent the afternoon fielding questions from reporters on the scoof his apartment in lottahil in the loft of apria gill more was rented the apartment for four years was watching matlock on television monday when he learned a patee is uh... during a brief news flash minutes later news reporters knocked on his door informative about boha moha jurors electo is two better one bathroom apartment in the single story we would the shingles rowhouse it's weird gill more said it's first time ever heard of how do you like that uh and the first time we ever heard of him too and hopefully the last 957 at five sixty w q a m if you want to fantastic meal in a sensational atmosphere let me direct you to the armoured pillow cafe in the great new location to armoured all cafe is an institution south on his matter fact if you don't ever eat there you belong in institution because it's great during the new location like i said in the pizza law plaza 3400 south university driver right beyond parwin imports that's right between griffin five ninety five and prestigious navy and the food is out of this world you can try their appetizers like the tequila grilled shrimp with corncakes the temporal island princess conc their spinnett salads are out of this world with glazed pecan's the post-asheo question mucher on a salad with linen basal dressing so even if you're watching your way they have all kinds of great goodies on a menu they're gonna like go pork you up the entree is a prepared with the best in freshest ingredients to try the panseared yellow tail snapper with roasted peppers or the sea bass with sweet corn and dill glaze choose from dozens of other mouthwraughting and trason a menu too out of this world and when it comes to desserts it is like they're frosting on a cakeman the best be sure to check out the armoured pillow crème brûlée which is the best in the world or the warm chocolate fritters covered in hot fudge call armourediloccafé for reservations at nine five four four two three ninety nine fifty four that's nine five four four two three ninety nine fifty four and when you go there you'll discover for yourself I've been voted one of the best restaurants in Brouard for the last fourteen years run in plenty of reparkin to be sure until Neil sent you in for a memorable meal at the amazing again You'll have beautiful skin As long as you don't mind the little poison Oh right, got color chilling your lips You like all your big hips Got a nose job and just get right smiley But your face is a road map And you still look like crap But that will change in a little while You'll be a fox in the run You'll be a fox in the run You'll have beautiful skin As long as you don't mind the little poison Speaking of poison The mimicking canyka son of a fusset Flammoutil, over a shanton Singing non-dominique, one hit wonder You have the good seed, do you see that's the one I got down there I guess? Yeah Even though it's very similar to this one it's got most of the same cuts But now which one has it got instead of that? Cut six is different Wait, no I have marmalade And you have something else you have a... Evon element Oh, I've got an element if I can't have you which I... As Lord is favorite if I can't have you Right? And I don't want nobody You don't like Saturday night fever No, like the music Why would I like Saturday night fever when John Meevolta was in it? Oh, that's right, I forget Oh, because you also have the nerve else on your disc Yes, I do You don't have to be a baby to cry But it helps You play that for a motormaramoring Maybe you can grow up like a few months Every mother's son is on here, come on down to my boat That's it, that's a good one That'll be on our list eventually Which I think it has to be Soft, self-tamed love 19 Brandy, looking glass 10 Norman Greenbounds, spirit of the sky, you have a 9 Mississippi, green and a bunch of other if you have him 6 I'd like to try to do this dog, huh? I think we'll sound for a hundred and a motherly half Yeah, that's pretty good Every mother's son No boy I'll tell you one thing from legend to Billy Jack If I never heard the song again, it would be way too soon Yeah, but one more Wonder Coveon They play the show And one freaking loudsee, 10 soldiers Now the amazing part of it is now, do you have Montego Bay Bobby Blum on your list? Yes, yes I do Now what does it say? It says Montego Bay See in online, maybe I should say this, this could be like valuable someday You think so? I doubt it It says Bobby Blum and Montego, which is not this And even on the inside, when you look at the little insert there That's got to be a description of the, it says Montego And of course the name of the song is Montego Bay You made a mistake No matter what you call it sucks I got the goddy story here And this is going to take a look This is a very lengthy story from Newsday And like I told you this morning Every New York paper of course Has got lengthy, lengthy, lengthy articles And editorials and stories And stuff about John Goddy But I think this one's the best And it goes on forever John Goddy once considered America's most powerful mobster But also the man who helped cause the demise of the modern mafia Die yesterday in a federal prison hospital From complications of cancer while serving Life sentence from murder and racketeering Goddy 61 who had been dubbed the Teflon Don After you escaped convictions in previous trials Was convicted in 1992 of racketeering conspiracy Including six murders And sent to the country's toughest prison US-Pentenary at Mirri and Illinois With no chance for parole It was transferred to the federal prison hospital in Springfield As a relapse of timber When his throat cancer became more advanced Goddy was pronounced that a 1245 PM yesterday And autopsy will be conducted in Terminator And I was that interesting He died a 1245 Right? And a 1255 10 minutes later I did that story about Peter Goddy and John Goddy You see? How do you like that huh? As we all psychic powers again Put that in this pretty oldie chain that holy bitch And autopsy What? That music's too hot for you reading And autopsy will be conducted to determine the exact cause Of his death set of statements by prison spokeswoman Diane Smith Officer better The once robust mobster who got to start in crime as a queen's truck hijacker High jacker becomes steadily debilitated Unable to do any physical activity Or take solid food in his final day Oh that's good news we like you and that Unless of course you happen to be a mafia fan Just like somebody would say that we were upset when Centino Or we were happy when Centino got shot on a causeway We were a crestball when Sunny got shot on a causeway Look at the boy Yeah, you idiot Often referred to as the Dapper Don because of his flame-voyant attire The Silverhead goddy became the boss of the Gambino organized crime family Following that a several 16th-1985 sling of his predecessor Paul Cas de Lano outside of Spark Statehouse in Midtown Manhattan Remember I'm sure you've seen it on TV The pictures they showed in the newspapers are the bloody pictures of bloody pictures of manboard on this Goddy's orchestration of the Christmas time assassination of Castellano and Votti guard Thomas Balotti was a naked gram for power Which befitted his brutally to ship style And the L. Delacroche got his mob mentor and under boss of the Gambino crime family had dampened the rebelliousness of younger members of the crime family The satisfied with Castellano's rule But the death of Delacroche under several second 85 removed the last impediment to the killing of Castellano Who was viewed by many in the mob as a greedy, evoricious boss We set by legal problems that made him vulnerable The fact that some of Goddy's crew from the Bergen hunt and fish club in ozone park including brother Jean had been implicated in heroin traffic Something banned by Castellano under penalty of death Forced the aspiring mobster to strike first before he was killed because of the drug dealing The castellano hit caught the rest of the mob off guard Goddy had very little choice at Ron Goldstock come ahead of these state organized crime strike force in the 80s about the Castellano hit And because Goddy was so first and then ruthless there was a no There was no to be nobody to go against him Why misprint there in newsday back there was no to go against him Ha ha ha ha ha The highlight of his last trial in a federal courtroom in Brooklyn Hey, when Goddy's former under boss Salvatra Gravano testified that Goddy directed the killing of Castellano The baronone car less than a block away while a team of his henchmen shot down castellano in a close aid Like we just said moment to go Thomas Valladdi During his reign and at least up until his imprisonment Goddy ruled the crime family with an iron fist But it was his mouth specifically secret mudd Rings about his crimes picked up by hidden FBI bugs The landed Goddy in prison on January 17, 1999 a take Goddy was here talking about his love for the mafia And this is going to be a co-synos to lie die he said be it an hour from now or be it tonight or a hundred years from now when I'm in jail It's going to be the way I say it's going to be a co-synosstra our thing But the irony is that Goddy's newsings profanities and indescribians cut on the surveillance tapes are now viewed by most experts as the major piece of ammunition Fittable instead of investigators needed to cripple a co-synosstra in New York City Goddy got a non-only brother attention himself with a flashy lifestyle included $2,000 Breoni suits Kind of like what's his name now like Joey Zaza Maybe someday he'll make you famous too, remember that? I remember Yeah sure I have a bell off the grower, but Hey Joey Zaza Anyway, not only do you wear $2,000 Breoni suits like Greg Reed, but he was also unable to avoid electronic surveillance He knew he was the target of investigators to gold stock Some of the most damaging tapes were made if the apartment of an elderly widow above the Ravenite social pub on Mulberry Street in Little Italy The recordings were used if the federal trial of Goddy and his underlings in 1992 and convictions in the case effectively He capitated leadership of the Gambino crime family leading a power vacuum filled unsuccessfully for the most part by inephylaters Including Goddy's son John a goddy-known as junior He brought the Gambino family to its knees and Andy Currens a former FBI special agent to investigate the crime family Guys he put in charge of the loyal to him to the extent of anything else Not people that were earners or had any respect to an organized crime circles He was the epitome of the thug Said Joseph coffee a private investigator who has city police detective also probed Goddy in the crime family He ruled strictly by intimidation as opposed to other mob figures like Luciano who was smart Not dumb like Fredo but smart despite his pension for crime and mayhem gotty had a keen sense of humor But some of his antics in court done for the benefit of reporters only served to incense prosecutors and FBI agents who would target it in front him for prosecutors Kind like Al Goldstein For example in his 1992 trial gotty once blew a kiss toward a prosecutor at another point when it appeared that the fence attorneys had caught a witness in a contradiction Gotty drew an imaginary pistol from his waistband and fired awesome fake bullets for FBI agents During one respite gotty pulled a anchor chief from his pocket and wrapped it around his face in the best imitation of a western vended During jury selection US district judge I Leo glass or threatened to move the trial to another city because of the menu covered when the judge briefly left the conference room gotty said Were we gonna move it stood guard West Germany? His words both in and out of court were often a profane on takes plain to this trial's got mobie better staff right there Jimmy? Yes, you're gonna the way over. Well, I don't want to go over to break we gotta come back to it. We'll come back to the stood guard or as they say is some of you go ahead and say stood guard Fubbin it's after 10 at 5.60 WQM fathers they become a real quick So make that feel special this year by getting him a great comfortable pair of new shoes athletic shoes Mark good friends in new balance with three great locations for Ian South soda You'll find him in Pine Crest, Avenue and Vokka, Retone where they've got unbeatable fantastic prices for dad and a whole family on the world's best athletic shoes And right now through fathers day by any new balance you'll get you a free cushion support Insol that's a $30 value the operative word is free at new balance now through fathers day I love the new balance shoes that I got from them and fact I got the newest pair which I would be wearing right now Except them sitting here birthwood but as soon as I go out the door They'll be on my feet and they are the best the best ever hand and of course a new balance They still do the old fashion thing they measure the length of it and the width of it and your foot to make sure you get a very perfect fit Each and every time and take care of your feet the right way New balance stores like I said three little casings for you there in Miami's Pine Crest They're running a second for the Evan Turmall and in Boku you'll find them in the prestigious town center Or check them out on their website at newbalancebimey.com And don't forget till fathers day by any new balance shoe and get a free cushion support in soul when you tell them that Neil said you buy But you better hurry because this offer inspires June 6th This The chilly Marcho over nights Oh, what's ready you five six You You Yeah You get a lot of bass You Mark The Rogers on Sports Hole Radio W Yeah Yeah It's been a group that's shocking the country after 20 years Shaggy of Scooby Doo speaks out Disclosing the behind the scenes and fix that could bring down the whole cartoon industry Oh my god, I tell you Oh, like we weren't just solving mysteries in that mystery van right school Like we used to have a bumper sticker on the back that said when this fans are rockin don't come on I got to tell you, Velman Daphne Lesbian city carpet munchers belly rubbing Yep, I know what's heartability Squatpy do like the only reason like he got his job he was pimping for Daphne Like how about Fred Like how many guys do you know the where he yellow scar Okay, like that's right Scooby and I used to sit in the front of the mystery van and like do bomb hits and like watch Velman Daphne get it on What are you saying? We ain't so much It's the new book Scooby Doo Like what a guy away with it had it not been for those damn kids On book shelves across the country everywhere Woo Ha ha ha ha Yeah You remember that don't you yep you do? No, yeah don't The new radicals you get what you give which actually was an album cover which made his number 36 on the chart I don't know how they all you do that I have the CD Anyway, did you know this little known fact that the group new radicals is actually so low rock singer musician Greg Alexander No, I did not know that Well now you know that From the album maybe you've been brainwashed to on MCA or whatever to help new radicals immediately of their smash So there you go, if not on our list-robius reasons I'm a little bit skeptical about that soft cell and tainted love on the bio for a second Be as about that because the corny is one on there that they recognize Am I your pun? The game players that's the corny is song on there that they recognize Well, I don't think that's a corny is one I won by again that they recognize the night Chicago die these punks They don't know any of these older ones like the night Chicago died How many of those are unbelievable by MF has got six it's not well, whatever it's gonna be. It's gonna be okay Just calm down. I get back to my John Gotti crap. Oh, please Like I say it's wrong it was very long his words both in and out of court were often profane on tapes played at his trials Gotti could be heard uttering exploders after losing huge bets on slow horses and lackluster football teams and while blasting mobsters who not shown him respect At his last trial appearing without his long time attorney Bruce Cutler had been to qualify because of legal conflicts Not to give the appearance of a man who realized he was going down to the feet on several occasions in loud Besides he called the judge and prosecutors faggot's and worse Faggot's Gotti who lived in a white clapboard house and Howard Beach that sports a large satellite TV dish was practically unknown publicly when he took over leadership of the Gambino crime family But he soon gained the status of a folk here with a many because of his acquittals expensive suits hand-paid itself ties and swash buckling waves Though Mary to the trade L. D. Georgia when the early 1960s Gotti reportedly was link romantically to blond beauty Lisa Gaston though from a wife who jets football star Mark Gaston though Remember guard Mark Gaston though who was done was it him that was diner was it her that was died. I don't know Robert would know There's her Well one day she was dying then next day she wasn't fine. Well maybe that maybe somebody made it offer she couldn't refuse I mean that's what that was all about Gotti a one time petty thief and hijacker worked his way up through the mob the hard way by earning respect and being ruthless when he needed to be Born in the South Bronx October 27, 1940 John Joseph Gotti was the fifth of 13 children raised by his father John a construction worker and mother Fanny immigrants from the Naples region of Italy Napoli Napoli Have we been to Naples Florida that's what I'm talking about toilet When he was 12 of them and by the way you people over there Naples the beeslies giving my checks on time Okay appreciate the ones in a day early previous, but let's get in there on time you assholes When he was 12 of the family moved to East New York groundsville, section of Brooklyn Gotti's formal schooling ended at age 16 when he dropped out of Franklin L. Lane High School in Brooklyn By the time he was 24 he had nine arrest in several brief gelsens as for street fighting public intoxic Education, stealing cars, burgeries, bookmaking and gun possession In the midst of such trouble he and his wife had five children including two daughters Angel also knows Angel and Victoria who became a bestselling novelist and writer for the New York Post There also were three sons Franco died in the motor vehicle accident in 1980 John who became a major force in the crime family closed convicted in 2000 and Peter about whom we spoke yesterday In 1969 a 28 Gotti was convicted of three cargo thefts and truck hijackings of Kennedy airport and was sentenced to three years in prison In 1973 he was accused of poisoning as a dead Poet rather posing as a detective to arrest the man in Seton Island bar Was believed to have abducted and killed enough of Carl O'Gambeano to find out the crime family He and a lifelong friend Angelow were zero, fatally shot the man Through a plea bargain, Gotti and Wujiro are easily the guilty to reduce charges of attempted manslaughter And received maximum terms of four years In 1976 Wakari was serving time, Gambino died in podcast Alano, Gambino's brother-in-law became boss Long time under boss Delacroche was louder and maintenance under boss in control of about 10 of the family's 23 crews Gotti and Delacroche proteger served two years in prison and was pulled in 1977 But a farewell party is prison made presented him with a plaque that said to a great guy John Gotti from the boys at Greenhaver I'm returning home from prison Gotti was appointed by Delacroche to take over the crew operating out of the Burger hunting faith club and ozone park as a full fledged captain He also spread his wings into the gravment district reportedly becoming a source of some low-en shark money A method of finance relied on offer over the decades by cashstrap 7th Avenue firms He came to the attention of the general public in the mid-1980s when he won three court equitles over four-year period It was later learned that jury tampering had occurred in his first federal trial as well as a state case brought by man hadn't district attorney's office After the deaths of Delacroche who doubt a natural causes on December 2nd 85 in Castalano Gotti's motor living changed dramatically He switched from win breakers and sports jackets to hand tailored $2,000 suits monograms socks and silk ties He also switched his headquarters from the Burger and Club to the Ravenite Social Club in Little Italy His first successful court battle one of three defended by attorney Bruce Cutler came after a refrigerator repairman We're a Romual piechick that accused Gotti another man of slapping him in stealing 325 bucks during a parking dispute in 1984 But the case was dismissed by a Queen's judge in 86 after piechick now where that he was dealing with a mafia big wig testified in court He didn't recognize Gotti or his coat offended. I didn't know no godfather In the next case during which federal prosecutors presented 30 hours of audio tapes in 96 witnesses over a seven-month period Gotti and six associates were found innocent on March 13th 87 of racketeering charges He'll be ready to frame us again in two weeks. Gotti told near post reporter Phil Messing as he left by the back door of the federal court house in Brooklyn Almost three years later on February 9, 1990 with jubilant jabs and a kiss for Cutler Gotti scored his third court victory when a man hadn't jury cleared him in the 1980s exuding of a coferner's union leader John F. O. Connor That night far-work sort of a malbury street is Gotti supporters party in little Italy a signal of his local folk hero status One crime that Gotti was never charged with involved a disappearance of a Howard Beach neighbor John Favara in 1980 I'm March 18th, 1980 for var at 51 accidentally killed Gotti's 12 year old son Frank when the voice minibike Swirvina the path of a virus car four months later while Gotti was in Florida, Favara disappeared Mabex Projure Capiti recently reported on his gang-land website that eight members of Gotti's crew using a van in two cars Adducted for var shot him to death placed his body in a barrel filled with cement and threw it in the Atlantic Ocean Of the eight implicated me for our disappearance to our dead and for in a slamer Gotti met his downfall in the 1992 trial on a federal jury which had liberated for 13 hours found him guilty of racketeering Racketeering conspiracy in 10 separate criminal counts at the defense table Gotti with a tight lift smiley nobody's lawyer Albert J. Krieger and whispered it's all right. Don't worry. It's not over, but it was Since the life in prison and Gotti became bureau prisons in mate number bababa bababa bababa And was placed in the seven by eight foot cellity marine federal pediatentiary Friends, any pastime by reading exercising and watching TV as his illness progressed he was forced to abstain from most solid foods And was relegated to a liquid diet For exercise he walked alone in an isolated area of the medical facility where he spent his final months Not much of a legacy given the weakened state of La Cosa, Austria that he left behind He's dead, the Donny's dead How could he just arrange for people to like, you know, to choke on his anxiety or something like that? And he's not even a catty If he looked up the word small some evictionary to Godfather theme is playing right next to you Am I right? Am I right? You absolutely do Both of them 1026 at 560 WQM if you want to get yourself a big one which we've been talking about a lot on the show lately about big ones Get yourself a big paycheck and you can do it in just for short months That's right because of the demand for certified computer professionals is absolutely skyrocketing It's through the roof Pick up the phone and call our good friends if fast-trained that they call 1-866 fast-trained Tell me her Todd Dreck talking about it on QAM Some of our classes are forming right now if you call now you can be certified in that brand new career before summers end And start making some serious cash Fast-trained offers Microsoft certified instructors for convenient locations included the brand new campus in candle Job placement assistance day-neving classes too And for those individuals whose job was affected after 9-11 Fast-trained is an operation paycheck training provider Call fast-trained tool-free 866 fast-trained Call them right now or check them out on the web at fast-trained.com And call 866 fast-trained like I said fast-trained have you certified already for a brand new money making career It is little's four months So say goodbye to that dead end career Say goodbye to that asshole boss of yours Believe me I can relate Call fast-trained tool free today call 1-866 The book series and open from QA Helping to keep one of the features of the year Sports Radio 560 QAM Holy cow Erin's coming I went the new persistence I was thinking about losing weight I stamped on the scale And they got a measure of 10 I was saying way to read a register There's always so much we can do I think life will search and maybe The only thing for you Suck the flag up a party Okay Suck the city And leave Suck the flag up a party Suck the city Suck the city Suck the way right on me I don't have a god I don't have to go and get to size I don't have to worry Bound no mold is around my thighs You're stased a life with such a You know mom a brand new man Look up the Hoover Suck the flag out of splash and came Suck the flag up a party Okay Suck the city And leave Suck the flag up a party Suck the flag up a party Suck the flag up a party Suck the way right on me Okay Yes I had to break the news Jeyri bottom of the list see human beings and nobody but me is got no votes which really pisses me off and white planes and my baby loves me the name of the song eric is my baby loves love let me tell you this to make sure that I didn't write it down wrong well you just got through plain little a bit of a while ago never the left that doesn't mean that I wrote it down right oh well I gave it to you right I'll tell you that I'm sure well check your live I bet you love I wrote down I love is love eric not my baby loves me it's kind of hard to get votes for a song that don't exist now speaking of something that doesn't exist I have another CD sitting over here among not too many that I bought here but anyway I thought for sure that this would be like a medley of their smash and come to find out it was this wasn't even a hit I don't know what to do shock the crap out the band and the way I pull it to man's a little what's the feeling about this never made the top anything that was there but so I got me to look up the band in my billboard book and it says rock room for me would stock New York robby Robertson guitar leave on helm vocals and drums Rick danko base Richard manual and Garth Hudson keyboards all healed from candidate except except leave on helm from Arkansas and of course the name like that like leave on groups farewell concert on Thanksgiving day 76 was documented in the martenskorsese movie the last walls manual committed suicide on a 3486 of the age of 42 group was inducted into the rock and will hollow fame in 1994 and never really had a big hit up on cripple cripple quick right 69 every number 25 that was 11.969 and don't do it October 14 1972 that only got a size number 34 so they never had like a top 20 hit much less top 10 and I thought this was I thought that was I did it you're so I just I'm in shock so much to learn about music and so little that we know you know especially this bogus poll we're taking today really frost my S. okay you soft sell assholes out there 25 votes looking glass brandy 13 Norman Green bomb and I mean you must have that there's somewhere I have it at home well I'm saying we got it there I would know where oh okay well don't knock yourself I'm gonna go out and buy a whole bunch of these today but he runs has don't buy anything I don't tell me look I don't let me get to that story now okay now that you inspired me I don't want to plant any seeds in anybody's mind I got to stay here you go like those like those are for subscription music service anybody want to sign up anybody want to pay for it no internet port like co-stock you know this is like toast it's like if if somebody was some guy out there was getting like a laid wood Britney Spears three times a day and somebody says hey guess what we got what's your name over here what does her name kaka kati willows you want to pay for it see what I'm saying yeah you're starting to sound like Renfield well maybe those people that feel really bad about downloading the music for free maybe they'll subscribe I'm sorry I almost got that and where do we where do we find such people not a misaudio so I'll tell you that no internet port a likecoast dot com is launching today today this is timely see a new subscription music service that offers unlimited streaming access to 143 thousand songs for just 10 bucks a month it's latest push to draw uses into paid premium content anybody want to sign up now likecoast is becoming the largest internet company to partner with San Francisco's listen dot com which is signed deals with four the five major record labels to give access to songs streamed to a personal computer with cd quality sound the arrangement does not allow people to save songs record them on cd's well you know let me read that last sentence again please the arrangement does not allow people to save songs are certainly not record them on compact discs uh... how much do they want me to pay for the box a month oh barge on the nighty listen on my computer speakers wonderful the new likecoast rhapsody service available at htt and the music dot likecoast dot com why do they put that htt p crap it will be offered for free through june thirty affected at likecoast plant three tiers of service in fact i got tears running down my chiefs is reading this from laughter free access to twenty channels of f m quality sound five bucks a month for over fifty commercial three channels in cd quality and ten dollar monthly for unlimited streams of individual and visual songs plus the fifty channels rhapsody's got music licensing deals with bmg so many music entertainment emi recorded music and more than music group representing artists including christian agalera uh... link in park link in parks okay to get a full open jz law and hill prints who is pristine and some in a gulf uncle universal's the only major label not not participating in rhapsody in your pants pj magnely a top digital music analyst with consultants uh... gardener g2 said for listening to the by far the most significant internet service provider deal that's been struck for likecoast it's an incremental step in a strategy of offering more paid services to grow revenues namely said he thinks listen dot com's got a good chance of it coming much more popular than the industry sponsored streaming music sites music net and press play those each have only three of the five labels participating cap homony songs can be downloaded per month and have never disclosed how many subscribers they've attracted from a user standpoint listen as perhaps the most advanced of the services that are out there because all the deals they've structured with record labels and he said but the he said a major limiting factor on the potential priority of likecoast right our popularity of likecoast rhapsody is that the services are tied to your pc which is a problem for people to be able to download songs and say them listen to later on a portable music player or like in their car or like on something but i could speak or is you know what i mean i know i might like sound like a real song like music and he leaves a gardener estimates only sixteen percent of it out's regular listening to steaming music at home or work and a bit quite in his how many people would rather spend a hundred twenty dollars a year for continuous one time access to songs instead of buying CDs they can keep or other options which we of course will mention shawn Ryan the chief executive of listen dot com said he's confident uses will find the rhapsody system a simple easily understandable way to get access to music without the risk of introducing viruses to their computer by using illegal napster inspired music sharing services that's right don't be using that illegal stuff you risk uh... introducing a virus to your other thing i would never and there's nothing worse than have a virus in your thing digital music should be for all users it's not for the very young or the very geeky of the very cutting edge r i said it's just for people want choice it shouldn't be challenging it shouldn't be threatening it's just be another way to get music you want listen to since last dot on like host unit they Spanish media giant terror network says a has launched several such draw users from free services to paid premium versions they include enhanced versions of its angel fire dot com and tripod dot com community websites paid email with larger capacity and free inbox and a hundred dollar month information service first dot creators so there you go there's your choice on up today like host dot com one and no how come on ten bucks a month you can do it twenty before eleven at five sixty w q m let me tell you about a guy's not going to charge a much money either charlie alfairy at the chelsoffiery studios in four lotter down fact mentioned the arrages when you call and charlie will not turn it off as a regular al ready regular low price follow what i'm saying and for a very small pit and so you can look better in younger than he have a year is that's right the choices yours guys have been telling this for over twenty years now and charlie's been doing it for guys for over twenty five years in the hair too you can either look like a clown with a mocied looking peace on your head or you can look like a munch like i said you can look here a younger and better than he have an accouns aid because charlie's got the best look in system anywhere it looks like it's grown around your scalp that's why he calls it the natural hairline system and there's no obligation when you do business with charles alfairy just call that's all for you number one eight hundred three two one twenty four three thirteen and give it to you again straight and they give you a free consultation you sit down and take a look at your head and then they show you just how much better in younger than can make you look to at like i said a very reasonable price call today one eight hundred three two one twenty four thirteen that's one eight hundred three two one twenty four thirteen or log under their website at chelsoffiery dot com a world called season twenty morning from sixty nine and forty three five two two second in and hold it i woke up this morning with a feeling of the same i went for my pussy but my pussy wasn't there well well i kept it in the weather oh i got a letter and i climbed up to my pants i saw you and you feel that my pussy was soaking wet oh well well i kept it in the weather oh oh i kept it in the weather without a whole oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh thank you thank you thank you thank you i don't think i play this on you did i? no the train and the waves walking on sunshine anybody ever heard this? no you did? it was a picture five minutes all over the place can you give me a picture of me now baby i'm sure i'm sure i can't wait to hear me when you are going to ah and guess what what? there's a mistake on this disc oh because i just looked it up in the book they also had do you want crying which you only got to 37 but you know one hit one there should be somebody that only had one like in the top four and they also had that's the way which reached number 16 guess what oh this disc i want my freaking money back anyway walking on sunshine was a 420 85 reach number nine on the charts pop rock group formed in London Katrina Laskanich vocals born into picket Kansas and Kimberly Rue Gitar Vince Delacruz base in Alice Cooper drums Katrina and waves not a one hit one there thank the lord we didn't put that on around our pool to the oh good oh we looked ahead egg on our post you know what something is important is this and then even though this one's got the right name of the song this is a different group doing Montego Bay amazulu ever heard of no wanna hear it? no oh my favorite song let me know when the voice let it keep to the energy will be in the I don't like the song in the first place by Bobby Blan or by amazulu or any other zulu Kim Wilde you keep me hanging on the song that definitely didn't need to be done again that's a one hit wonder well what happened to this? this is an America oh I just thought it was first hit at least MTV played it's uh knowing how to know it I've been ripped off you know yeah oh it's an America they number 25 so once again notice this now this disc is called one hit wonderful volume two more hard to find one hit wonders which is why I brought it because when you see when you're looking for this and you see when this gets specifically says that and then you look it up in your book and you realize that the full of crap you realize you've been had you've been led down the Ficken Garden path and then wild my ass so there's two so far in this disc that are bogus now that did get now you keep me hanging on got to be number one in 87 four 1887 can you believe that? yeah I believe it I know that that's how it didn't need to be done again no it did not so preem's done just a fine job on that and kids in America which I don't ever want to hear that again so we just continue now this one I'm sure that there's nobody else done this here I'll tell you about it yeah who would we do this although I'm sure they picked up the hook for some raps on some of not this is it reeks number three no less axel f what does he have staying for? fun born in Munich Germany keep orders songwriter produce your health falter Meyer and you feel like it's too bad Robert's question of the space of the recognized that this is from our ability no I thought it was axel x axel f f as in fake f as in fascist from the movie Beverly Hills cops during any Murphy axel foley there you go well there you go so then why does it askl f? it's a preview it's not a preview but I just investigated working that it wouldn't find the answers on that nifty website that Eric talked about yesterday even though it doesn't exist I'm sure you just got it wrong no I wrote it down exactly the way he passed it along it was and then not only that but I checked every other possible variation on the above thing doesn't exist you tried it with hyphens I tried it with hyphens with gryphens with everything nice try area all the way did straight not the name of that song my baby loves love by white planes again still don't have any votes and either there's a nobody but the human being you know the fact that nobody but me by the human being has got no votes is another reason I'm not in some sort of man some of you people who are tasted deep inside your echo man George could even find it with his tongue god how is that possible nobody but me by the human being that's just not not just the one who wanted that's one of the great songs of all the music you know and they play it like in every movie every TV show and every commercial like I said yesterday it is a Zidian commercials based on that song well there's something really really wrong no one of the music is so bad and so forth on our family I think that I don't think that the look of the water hit the water is the one no but I really I'm a sense the jacca river not because of me but with me control the revelation is not that simple oh I'm not sure who is called me sometimes we follow sometimes we're strong but you know is an existence and I hate to break the news here is another mistake this one never made the top 40 anyway Nemesis by Shriek back that was never hit at least not a top 40 hit well I've said to this disc I want to refund right now although there must be something on the that's why it's got welcome back caught or hippie all bad to eat well no I mean John Sebastian I hated the show I don't like the theme but it's John Sebastian he was great I know man we can't help but that he got hooked up with John M. Holden and welcome back and horse mitt whatever he wants you take me back welcome back what was the teacher of all that was his name on a show Gabe Kaplan Gabe Kaplan why didn't like him either no there was just something about him he always acted kind of like Gabe I just think you're an anti-Semite if a person here's a fact you just said all from a chronic Tim Pots chronic hey Tim anyway if a person has an editing software like cool edit pro tools or Vegas pro they can never be able to and I don't see we're not going to like promote stuff like that convert it in burn your CD we don't know oh he says play in the end and wants me now you're talking to him now you started make some progress and how's mom doing never Tim Pots and his awful comedy CDs oh yeah yeah I had forgotten all about and his a chronic facts you're an terminal nearly and just obsessed but he's okay means well just that he's a little off you know he's once there in the end of wants me I'm not going to say that got it but that doesn't have a lot of votes I'm walking out I'm getting up and walking into the other room for while anyway in the end of wants me I don't see it ah two votes come man Jesus K Christen Joseph in the end of wants me by our Dean Taylor's got two votes the best one hit wonder of all time there's something wrong with this numbers but a canches be plain stupidity or bad taste ah of course they must have bad taste listen to this show Johnny Taylor John Taylor James Taylor oh where does our Dean Taylor would have something to be not in here or here it is made number five in 1970 in September of 1970 our Dean Taylor born in Toronto in Oles in 1939 first persons featured sirens on the intro but evidently after that they took him off you know what I think that might have been what? I think you know don't you remember they passed that thing on radio you're not supposed to play things with those sirens and stuff like that yeah it freaks people out when they're driving in their car no it's not just that it freaks it not but it's you're not supposed to play him because it's like a false alarm you know right for the reason you just said anyway in the end of wants me was number five was on the charts for 13 weeks on rare earth records it was a medley of his smage and it's got two lousy votes god and i'm looking at bokebride didn't send that one to me i'm gonna go out there and buy that today and spite of all these suggestions of downloading stuff and stealing music all these terrible things who the hell do you think we are here a bunch of thieves are what god crazy person i'll have you know that both of these CDs i went out and bought the with the crappy Canadian money it's not worth too much i went out there and bought yesterday it's sames which is still in business downtown and they got brought out and they were like going out of business and i don't know who they'll bought them but the places like it perpetually looks like it's out of business but it's open you know what i mean i do i'm like they can't make up their mind in fact last night they had a midnight sale and they were like had a whole bunch of brand new releases that were being sold a midnight i'm a place to say and it's harder like that yeah look like they're like closed yeah like QAM like yesterday 1056 and 560 and the good news is we got the logs today we got everybody's mail today they got their black sacks today what the more could you want? except how it's 2002 new Rogers Neil D. O. Blowout sale and the good news is that's going on right now too life is great stop by haliponti IGMCC had a time layman say hey Tom what's wrong with you there were 134 once out to see highway on US one across from the falls same great location they've been treating people great for over 35 years and right now the lowest sale prices marked right on the invoice and the price is $1,000 if you realize Tom will read it to you to one point nine percent financing up to a $3,500 rebate while you're at haliponti sure take a peek at the complete line of GMC SUVs including the on-board which by now you should know was voted by motor trend as the SUV of the year plus take a peek of the all new vibe SUV that's got the power of a sports car at a fraction of the price and as always how it's got a great selection of the pendible pre-owned cars crunchness you've waiting for you to if you return down for credit by some you're going to be back a car dealer somewhere if you're not good enough for the other guys you're good and not for halipot they'll get you to work out some way somehow even if you knew you have to for us how come they were picking on him again this morning who was the audience I mean moat moat is credit he and a guilty defendant but the audience was like picking on him like being a scumbag we like the phone by the way he's doing great it's the tuta and by the way Tom layman likes him too by the way by the way it's the 2002 new Rogers Neil deo blowout sale going on right now at haliponti at GMC 134 once out to see highway it's right down there I knew I saw across the street from the falls open every day of your life seven days week for more information just call the Neil Rogers Neil deo hotline at one triple eight five three four forty two eleven haliponti at GMC they are a profession we're going we're going we're going yeah you call that a hairy penis coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story we take a good art stiff look in the start their infectious pop stylings infected us with an infection until we took some antibiotics and the thing for the winter way and a week or so they were to bow people are all you're asking us where we got the name to pal out in this weird interview to Paul leads him and Carol Decker makes the rash assumption that we give a flying f*** about her and her stupid band well to power the character unsh star trek she was a broken high priestess interesting enough confessing that she named her band after a star trek character granted Carol Decker is such a hopeless geek that it prevented her from getting laid during your entire tenure as a famous person it's ironic you know because as you probably know the concept of me what's every seven years or they like explode why no Carol you annoying strange person we didn't know that but let me ask you this if the band to pound doesn't have a hit every seven years do they explode too? well I don't know I mean like what are you getting at? I mean will you head that one hit and it's been well you're a little bit like a little bit like if TV show announcers had all the power it's a big juicy shopping went letter show business tonight on inside the mind you know what I think we made a mistake we we we we yeah I think the name of that size I mean you're a great mistake but that goes without you know what I mean my baby loves loving is that even though I think you're right with an apostrophe at the end oh sorry Eric did you put up I just looked it up well they kind of mumbled it let's see question on a question mark and a mystery is that from base city and second on Michigan just like I said how do you like that there's also a second on base city and middle in Texas so in other words maybe that's what they got the mistake in a billboard but they are definitely from second on Michigan makes no mistake about that because I was living in Michigan and playing that on the radio at the time I do like their maples I feel like I don't my mission going baby so anyway to power speaking of that was next time we do this yeah whenever the mood strikes like maybe tomorrow or four weeks whenever the high feel like it you know I kind of enjoyed even though we get bogus votes to power pop up and we'll put them on the next time pop rock group from shoes very England Sharon Deckerville's very Howard guitar Mick Chetwood keyboards Paul Jackson bass and Timber just drums band name after a Vulcan princess in episode of the TV series Star Trek did you know that? yeah I shouldn't admit that oh you were the one tartan soul reached number four and eighty seven that was a medley of their smash so to power will be under one of these days come out of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of the second of and he can't looking last by brandy sixteen and the iME for selection that said you look at some of these new canvas that was the Hey hey, it's got 12 nowhere's the Indiana wants me by our Dean Taylor that better have a one or two more votes I'm gonna be two Oh Oh my god I tell you and you'll be for the show started day there was no god, but now I know for sure positive Hey, you want a good laugh here's a great story for him to son-centle today. I was good for a few chuckles Voint and officials say power company will help build Maulon stadium there. That's right When city commissioner Mike Ferguson suggested building a stadium for the Florida Marlins in Voint and Beach last year is proposal was met with laughter and ridicule But Ferguson says the idea is no laughing matter and now he's found a company to bankroll part of it But he won't identify the potential financial backer In a June 1st letter to Marlins president David Samson Ferguson says he has an offer from an unnamed California based power generation company to spent maybe and Ron To spend $350 million on the project the company would supply power to baseball stadium using state of the art technology letter states Ferguson said yesterday he couldn't reveal the name of the company Otherwise more laughter probably would start and made 2001 Ferguson proposed building a $400 to five hundred million dollar 65,000 seats stadium with a retractable roof inside quantum corporate park off I-95 I'm sure a lot of us would drive all the way up there to point and beets to see tomorrow. Wouldn't you? Yeah Robert would go You got free tickets. I go if I got free food Like at the skybox and like a free helicopter ride limo the idea raised more than a few eyebrows but Ferguson said he remained serious about attracting the Marlins to Boint and Beach Ferguson said two thirds of the teams four thousand season ticket orders come from Broward Palm Beach and Martin counties, but Samson said that I'm received a little bit high Well, maybe commissioner Ferguson was a little high when he gave out those numbers during last night's Marlins game in Kansas City Which the Marlins won by the way next? Where did he suppose it the 15-8? Robert doesn't know Something like that You know something you work on a show where all they talk about is soccer and basketball and a little bit of baseball and you don't know the score last night's Marlin game I'm pretty sure they said it went Marlins. I'm pretty sure that it went 14 innings and a Marlin scored seven on the top of the 14th and one 15-day I believe so Does it make a difference? No, there are five hundred team During last night's Marlin game in Kansas City Samson said it wouldn't be for to come at further till he reads the proposal Ferguson estimates the cost of all the stadiums closer to 500 million He said he based that figure on other stadiums built around the country He suggests baseball could spend about a hundred million of the total cost with some of it coming from the Marlins the baseball commissioners office And the player's union pension another 50 minutes could come from the local county state and federal agencies He said Ferguson said the quantum pike start because of its proximity to I-95 in the trial station was crucial to the deal It's right by the trial Oh Asked whether the unnamed California base company seen serious about a software. He said I would think there'd have to be some due diligence done But when somebody surfaces with $350 million worth of bonds, I think they have to be given some sort of credibility. He said Ferguson said it could give no details about the proposal as you bonds Major league baseball and the Major League players Association both said they hadn't seen the letter and couldn't comment Everybody is mum the Marlins have a lease at P.P. Park in North Day County through 2003 with seven one Your options after that since new owners took over the team in February the Marlins have avoided talk of a new stadium and Thulfiston said on the teams 500 performance the team officials repeatedly have stressed that he'd generate more revenue Particularly at P.P. Park where the teams lease favors H Wayne high-pingo horns of stadium and once on the team As we know before he sold him down the river last week where it emerged the team and that has had preliminary discussions with the University of Miami above moving into the orange bull in 2004 temporarily as a way to generate more revenue Right Now what's it gonna be about a 75 foot home run down the lines in the orange bull 110 feet No, seriously the orange bull is not configured for baseball isn't it old and ready to collapse? Yes a dump a toilet Point in V. Mayor Gerald Broening said he thought the letter has great merit in the ideas worth pursuing if the company's offers legitimate I think it's a good scheme Broening said I think somebody would have to go through the formal procedure and all of the bells and whistles to do it So there you go the boin and beats mull and let's hear it. They're doing it baby and boin and beat I told you to get a chuckle or two out of there Here's another one you might get a chuckle or two out of an a sadistic way known what a prick you are George. Yes Vatican accused Kentucky Bishop resigns is one we had a story on and now he's out Bishop J. Kendrick Williams of Lexington Kentucky accused in several subuit cases Resign yesterday the Vatican be saying the bishop who's denied the charges has been on administrative leave The Vatican said the pope accepted the resignation submitted under church law for illness or some other grave reason And lawsuits against the archdiocese three plaintiffs alleged abuse by Williams James W. Bennett Legg Williams abused him in 1981 while Bennett was a 12-year-old alter boy David Holley's Williams followed them when Hall was an 18-year-old high school senior a third-planet who filed suit last week Also accuses the Williams of hosting him when Williams was a priest in Louisville in a statement last week William said I've never sexually abused anyone at any time in my life Believe me no Williams is the third bishop brought down in the sex abuse scandal rocking the Roman Catholic church in the U.S. and January The announcement of his resignation comes two days before American bishop's meeting Dallas does side down proposals to deal with sexual abuse in the clergy and how to cover all of this up How to cover their ass Monk shooting remove a mode of remains mystery and Brian St. today about the Abby right Well a Roman Catholic Abby in conception Number zero is that I guess that is because it's for the tea not not a Spanish name look Roman Catholic Abby erupted in gunfire as a 71-year-old man wheeling two assault weapons killed two monks and wounded two others before committing suicide Leading the world of residents in conception Missouri wondering about a motive Interviews with relatives and neighbors of Lloyd Robert Jeffries a Jeffris Well maybe didn't like his last name Jeffrace J. E. F. F. R. E. S. S. You'll know clues is to either be Terry Pactu rifles and separate boxes drove his green Chevy Cavalier to foreign earthwise Missouri on Monday and then open fire in the hallway of the conception Abby official said Investigators were digging in a Jeffris religious past, but there was no media indication if the shootings were related to the sex scandal In which priest around a country been accused of molesting youngsters Jeffrace also did not appear to be under the influence of drugs or bruise and had no known criminal past It doesn't make much sense they'd have a patrol sergeant Sheldon lion said it makes you wonder what goes through a person's mind to make him do something like this Chief Strick and residents in conception about 90 miles north of Kansas City offered prayer food and flowers to those at the Benedictine monastery in seminary The doors of the conception Abby were locked for the first time in recent memory overnight and a highway patrol in stood guard The Reverend Gregory Poland, Abbot of the Abby city mistook the first shot as a window breaking the monks and staff Burricated themselves in their rooms when they realized shots are being fired the whole thing lasted about five minutes Maybe even less pull and said Investigators interviewed Jeffries's daughter in Norborn late Monday, but gained no insight into a possible motive How do you like that apples huh? There's shooting a monk which brings back great memories of the monks in the latte That was a great place you never got to eat there huh? No, I never oh Man was that good that was back in the days when South Florida was worth being in Speaking of food Let me tell you about getting in shape for some more time. Maybe you want to go to the beach put out a bathing suit We certainly don't want to look like a beach dwell the beast is lost 32 pounds on balance for life This man is a shadow what do any store fat tub These are shadow what he once was and we're gonna get him on a road to like being healthy and look in human Maybe you get laid sometime before the years out you think so? Well, let's not get carried away. That would be like similar to the equivalents laid before the years up Anyway, the beast and a bathing suit maybe that's coming to a beach near you pretty soon watch out balance for life is the answer Losing that way. It's a bitch. I continue personally Losing weight. I mean you try atkins and scatkins and this program and that one Balance for life is based on Dr. Barry series the zone died which is extraordinarily complicated But they take all of work out of it for you because they prepare all the meals the best ingredients It money can buy three delicious hormonally balance grow main meals two delicious snacks and little 60 ounce bottle water in your little black sack which say deliver to you just about every day at six o'clock in the morning To home work where every might be they insist they deliver that one yesterday, but we doubt it anyway If you want to get on a road to do a losing some weight and don't forget they let you choose between two Autonomous for each meal each day you're on a program get in shape for some or in the rest of your life studying right now with balance for life Like I said the food is delicious and it really works the way comes pouring off just like on the beast column today nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine Talk to Troy he's our boy nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or check out their website Ed God I Go All right, you have never heard or seen Four years ago you gave me your nominations will be by struggle This is some ground I've been watching you through that Makarana And if I can have your silence I would like to demonstrate for you The Al Gore version Would you like to see it again I You're alarm goes off in the morning Makarana and one of your children reaches for cereal and fruit Yeah, very disturbing facts here Says VH1 had a show not too long ago the all-time number one one hit wonder was the Makarana It's a thank God for those two when it will have security in those two were a high don't know most del Rio. Oh, yeah Flomanko guitar duo from civil Spain Antonio Romero Mungi and Rafael Ruiz Perigunis For our fameduel in the 60s in 1993 they wrote in perform Makarana, which became a worldwide dance craze and was remixed by the Mami production team of the base side boys remixed So in other words, Makarana base side boys mix was the hit I say Keep in mind low-stell Rio next time we do this back making low-stell Rio and also to pal to pal Makarana was this is gonna make you birth Number one for 14 weeks in 1996 does that tell you why the 90s sucked Yeah, number one for 14 straight long laborious weeks Makarana by low-stell Rio the base side boys mix from Miami, no less Or How about Louis Louis not to song but the group you hear them the group sitting in the lap of luxury 1990 Middle-earth hit I'm just you know you could open up any page in this book any artists and you'll immediately find one for example Lost boys V.O.Y. Z Renee 96 got number 33 on a chart lord Tarik and Peter guns Rack duo from New York deja vu uptown baby 1998 reached number nine on the chart Los bravos here's one. We actually know black is black. Well, maybe before you remember that sure A rock hoop formed in Spain. I never knew that made it my co-goal vocals born in Germany Tony Martinez guitar By the way, I have a song called F the macarina Okay, but they will have to find it somewhere. All right. Yeah, it's it's great Tony Martinez guitar manual for Nandis played his organ Miguel de Nes rhymes with A and his played the bass and Pablo Gomez played the drums Los bravos then put that down too for next to go round Black is black pretty big hit reach number four in 1966 Uh-oh Yeah, we have a problem We have a problem captain Looking glass brandy or fun girl hate to break the news. Yeah. How does he do this? Can you do it? I guess you can do it if you can add one's on He can take one's off right right? Sorry Eric we screwed you up Now I got this of a list that somebody facts me and obviously the person who facts me was full of crap Which often happens in his crowd? You know people pretend they know something they know nothing Brandy was the number one song in 1972 for looking glass pop rock group formed in New Jersey bud Jimmy loves Mary Ann Made number 33 so they did have another hit not a big gigantic oozing hit but if it made the top 40 was a hit right right So that insurance for three weeks he can blitz that out of there Yeah, sorry about that because at the moment it's tied for a second right Well they teen votes, but there it goes any second Oracle make him disappear look through the looking glass one last time see if Alice is still in there. Sorry We can just give their votes to soft sell Yeah, let's put some more votes under they've only got 41 I mean God only knows we want in fact I just might play that so I want to clock just to goose him up some more votes Cuz he need our help I was never crazy about just song in the first place before they showed a bigger now But now Me Thank you very much Oh here's some very bad news by the way From the Harold they leaves reject US proposal to beam radio marty signal. Not a shame. Are you kidding? The leaves may be tiny knows how to but it knows how to say to Washington The leaves is finally rejected a US proposal a convertive voice of America relay station to beam US operated radio marty propaganda signals toward Cuba The denial has dismayed Cuban American supporters of the radio station who say the police facility might have helped a radio marty side step efforts by Cuba to jam its signal They're jamming it and by the way Special alert all our listeners in Havana and also where do you think they can hear us in Cuba? You think in a van? Absolutely we got a few hits on there when you look in the domain thing on our website We get a few not too many my family members recall when QAM would play music that when is the license? Amigos to how would fidel But Belize a former British county in central America sought to avoid getting insneared in US Cuba frictions It did not want to risk that Havana would retaliate by withdrawing more than a hundred doctors and nurses in its centre believes We don't want to get involved said von Gilles spokesperson for the Bailey's government Belize has good relations with both Cuba and the US good thinking von The US operates 2 a.m. radio transmiters near the town of Pondagora and the southernmost part of Belize Pondagora Why should we be the only ones? Yeah, some of the we stole a fat we said we stole that name to have it to there's a two-agged someplace else also The transmitter sent both English and Spanish voice America's broadcast throughout central America each evening as a sister facility to the voice of America Radio marty was established in 1985 to offer an independent source of news and entertainment to Cubans Radio marty is being torqued to bond a.m. from marathon and the keys and I'm sure away from Greenville North Carolina and Delano, California Delano, California Okay, okay, I don't get it. Maybe it's by way of China In late 2000 US officials began scouring the Caribbean for an alternative broadcast site to send the signals of radio marty to Cuba from a different latitude Making it more difficult for Cuba to block its signals. They went to the Turks in Kicos They went to the Bahamas and they went to the Cayman said one official is insisting on anonymity Then they noticed the Bailey's facility and quickly a lot of $750,000 in the 2002 fiscal year budget to enhance the site and a PO1 out to Prime Minister said Moosa a bellies from a British to change the use of the facility no one serious the expected bellies and unspoken nation popular with US Scuba divers and my in archeology buffs to refuse But two months ago, they did just that setting tons wagging around capital hill about how the Bush administration took it on the chin from bellies Oh, this is even more embarrassing than last mouth Venus, you know what? Bellies felt it had too much to lose since 1999 Bellies had hosted an increasing number of Cuban physicians and nurses working in remote villages Guil the government's folks been also noted that more than a hundred belliesian students are in Cuba on full scholarship Some of them studying medicine As word arrived in Washington the spring that bellies might turn down the US request the state departments in two diplomatic notes to Domopon bellies his capital the second one was apparently sternly word of the congressional staff were said and you know what they still said How do you like that? Let's hear it for the balls in the leaves baby. Yeah, just say no to a uncle Sam Don't let him push you around Don't let the make you a pimple like the middle man like we'd like to do everybody else like the forced him course to make him not that can't refuse Did you our bidding and they just said no good for you 26 past 11 at 5.60 QM. We got the mad dog. Jim Anderson's back today after a busman's holiday yesterday We got Hankle be there three o'clock this afternoon Josh Friedman What is a lot of poundage on this here today between me and Hankin Josh, you know Marlins on deck at 7.30. Marlins have Kansas City 805 that I had any calf in the baseball game and then join Mark talking about sex and more sex over 9 to the 6 proving that George is small potatoes won't come to sex Does that all he talk about is that all they talk about? Yeah, I won't know it's not you talk about I never heard this show If you're tired of hassles when you're selling the service if you're tired of that $50 month plan that you thought you purchased which winds up cost you actually $100 a dollar every month and get on the team get with the right demo get with team cell-packed cell-packed Communications you're authorized next-to-represented for over 25 years now Cell-packed been providing cell-flora with the best service They take away the hassle from dealing with a cellular company not to mention all of that heavy duty expense Right now next-to-shared rewards plan will allow you to share 4,000 monthly minutes with free incoming calls for only 50 4.99 Cell-packed got a non-beatable selection of other plans no matter what your budget with most including free incoming calls Nationwide long distance collar ID voice mail and next-ells unique direct connect to a radio feature So whether it's one phone a thousand phones or a zidian Take it for me in our very own superstar spokesman J. Fiedler cell-pack communications your authorized neck-tell representative is the only smart way to go Call 1-800 cell-tech to today and get yourself connected. That's 1-800 C-E-L-T-E-C-2 for cell-pack communications key Brass man. I'll tell you what that is that Sungwhose right there Peacock That spelled that turns they all An variable Those back and new those turned me all Oh yeah And Gorsh and Magus too That's my slot Slotted in there baby All the things you're watching of to this Oh yeah Oh now they're there Oh, you spot taste to listen to Oh yeah Now slide it up your butt Oh that's my slot Wreck them Oh faster Well the 32 of 560 WM don't forget log out of QM.com Start playing the 2 out of baseball trivia challenge Weekly prizes include golfer for Chulas The grand prize at trip for 2 to the New York overlay We can see the morals play the mess So log on and start playing at WM.com Here's a very infatic fact that's You know what I'm going to do at the end of this poll today I'll save the results and then when we get to the ultimate Eventually final one way down the road Yeah, we'll take it we'll take the top five from each one Okay, see what I'm saying I'm not saying it's off sale that maybe all of us 42 votes are legitimate But we have all three eyebrows raised But anyway for infatic facts who says bar none the greatest one hit one To have all time is and did I mention this yesterday when I suggested we might do this poll? Yes I'm not going to say it's the best of all time It's certainly and it's doing pretty well It's got 13 votes It's like in the top 10 Pretty good choice pal, whoever had you are Whatever you are Be sure I know I know I know that as Massachusetts man says he told church officials he was molested by the Reverend Richard Lovine Years be that's with a G Richard Lovine Years before the priest was charged with sexually abusing voice And removed from his duties by the Nazis of Springfield mass Well, they're sure a lot of crap going on in mass intuitions You know what? Paul Bebou said he had a priest and not in his brother to the lay Bishop Leo in the old in 1986 What? That sounds like the beginning of a joke A priest and not in his brother Are you making light of this? Sorry You better ask the Lord for forgiveness, Mr You better start the Clinton and Rosary Beads real tight Domino for Biscum You better stick another extra wafer in your post and have a couple extra glasses of wine Just to be on the safe side Paul Bebou said he had a priest and not in his brother to the lay Bishop Leo in the old in 1986 That Lovine molested in between the ages of 13 and 15 Bebou was 17 at the time he'd be telling us Stenny Vibebo at a news conference yesterday to Reverend Eugene Honen and sister Eunice Tessoni said they told or knew about Bebou report We were sure Levine would never contact with boys Or we left alone with any children after that said Bebou 33 of whom are Berkshire County Commissioner right on successfully for know that I'm as mayor last year But from 1986 who was arrested in 1991 We know Levine was abusing and raping other boys See, did this whole thing is so sad Because these people should have been in jail It's not a internal question for these voyems to decide Well, I want you to show me move over here Should we like restrict his contact with the young boys? Is should report it to their authorities and put his ass in jail? That's what you should do Bebou has not yet filed a lawsuit He said he's speaking up because he thinks it'll help a greenfield man He says, Mr. Levine molested by Levine and his suembedisies The man identified in court records only as John Doe says that I see knew that Levine was abusing children And didn't stop him Those lawyer John's to Burskie filed a motion yesterday to get access to impounded records from the criminal prosecution of Levine The Burskie says these documents will show that the diocese was negligent Any prepared statement that I see signals that only a received they report that Levine was molesting a teenager After a mental health evaluation of Levine the diocese determined that the priest could continue his duties this day And said Can I read that sentence again? After a mental health evaluation of Levine the diocese determined that the priest could continue his duties Even though he was molesting a minor The diocese was aware of no further complaints concerning father Levine was arrested 91 The statement said Levine 61 pleaded guilty in 92 to the indecent of self or fondly to Walter Boyz He was sentenced to 10 years probation and psychiatric treatment Church officials banned him from ever serving as a priest in the Springfield diocese In 1994 the diocese sent a lawsuit for $1.4 million With 17 alleged victims of Levine including several from Springfield Makes you want a barf And this whole thing in Dallas starting Thursday this dog and pony show that they're continuing Lot of stupid people out there going to be convinced Oh look at our really there really have put in there on note to the grinds down now they're really doing it All they're doing is try to cover their ass because this whole scandal is bad for business Speaking of that The appeal score justice who was considering whether the transcripts of Cardinal Law and Bishop John McCormick's deposition So they released immediately took himself out the case yesterday Massachusetts appeals court Justin L. Dorf or issued a two paragraph order Recusing himself after a party whom he did not name was represented in the case by Palmer and Dodge Dorf or was a partner at the Boston firm from 1981 to 1990 Dorf or had given the arts dice he's a Boston lawyer's complaint of seeking the public release of the transcripts Until he's stated if I written arguments he's before the case to chief justice Christopher Armstrong for further action It was not immediately clear what impact this would have on a release of the documents Law and McCormick law laws former eight and out Bishop and New Hampshire have set for questioning under oath by lawyers for a man who claims Retired priest Paul Shanley repeatedly raped him as a child the lawsuit by the family of Gregory Ford claims law failed to properly oversee priest And a Boston art dice as we well know Shanley became a simple figure in the ongoing scandal and church document showed he'd public advocated sexual relationships between in and boys Mental sex care superior court judge Raymond Brassar did rule transcripts and video tapes of the opposition to be released as soon as they were Bridgestory with the court clerk because they were of legitimate public concern but the arts dice he's a pale saying it should have 30 days to examine the tapes and transcripts For errors before they made public and other what's tried to figure out how to cover their ass The decision would have an impact on when the transcript of the future deposition of Bishop Thomas Davies made public They was being deposed yesterday in a separate church abuse case block by alleged victims of the Frock priest John Gagan was been accused of molesting 130 kids in the Boston arts dice he was scheduled to be questioned in the Stanley case later this week Not looking too good, you know what for anybody with a brain Of course, I would like to say this anybody with a brain wouldn't still be involved with that organization in the first place or any of the organized religion crap I just have no patience for it anymore. How long can you be stupid, you know? How long can you go through life being professionally stupid? Oh the good books says this, the good books says that and yeah Living in a stone age technologically very advanced and emotionally kind of like Amsterdam, you know Or they with him it's the other way around. That's right. They got it. They got it the right way socially advanced technologically. They're they're lagging with that Because then I all concerned about all these you know strip shopping centers. They're not like us stupid 21 till noon at 5.60 WQAM You know overweight's been stupid to take it from me. I know I'm stupid. I'm fat That easy lose that way, but if you want to find a stir that'll help you with all kinds of weight products that you can lose weight eating and still enjoy some good meals Here's the place delights of West Boca and now that they've come out with splendor a lot of those die products have dropped the swiebers in there You know the multitool and the sobotol and the Crap it all out of your system that really are harsh on your stomach So I need all kinds of good stuff without having to worry about spending all day on the pot You like to avoid Boca carries down to die products supplements vitamins die books everything you need to lose the pounds You thought we're so damn hard to get rid of and they really are You like to also carry the largest selection of bakery products like pancake mix breads cookies cheesecakes brownies muffins and Ecclair's and you like to also carry his low carbon sugar free products like pasta Cachip crackers candy champion like chocolate and their famous carbolite ice cream and heading to the Delights of West Boca You can try before you buy try anything of the store before you buy it give it a little taste you can call him at 1 877 low car Or check out their website at look carb.com Visit the license voice book on the northeast corner of glazed in 441 in Boca and be sure and tell that neurotic PD lady sent you by The license voice book a be your official Akins retail center God, where there are no loose Don't straight to hell He's a free on sports 20-560 QAM Floridians dumb as dirt A holy man of the washcloth Harden the law, authors, boys, boys, harden the law, authors, boys, boys Blackcomb See the angiung boys with a hard cross Harden the law, authors, boys, boys, boys, harden the law, authors, boys, boys He's back by the power of the other games to help him go bro And the labels of their sex is a good day Harden the law, authors, boys, boys, harden the law, authors, boys, boys, boys, boys, boys, boys You know, sit as I started playing that I thought there we go, here's another one hit wonder Guess what? Wrong, I looked it up, good thing I got this book, you know, the billboard book? Yep, Bobby Fuller 4, I thought the law reached number 9 in 1966, but Loves made a fool of you, 1966 may have a 66 written in 1958 by Buddy Holly by the way Before he died Well he could have read it after he died and like said it from heaven He's up there looking down, why do people say stuff like that? They're weak Oh, they're looking, they're watching the game right now Like they had Larry McCarty on their way up in the red wings And he's talking about his father who died from cancer, you know, and his grandfather And this was uncle and they're all dead Well, I'm sure they're up there watching the game up upstairs, they're watching down You know, why do people talk such crap? It's the same reason that people are still involved with all these goddamn religions It's the same reason they go to miscleo It's the same reason that every time you have a psychic or a goddamn fortune teller on here The phones are just about blowout People are desperate to be con That's why that miscleo thing is a shame All these religious fakers on there with a goddamn toll free numbers at the bottom of the screen So they can rip off your money, take your credit card God I'm sorry Oh, God When are people finally going to rise up is it ever going to happen? I don't think so Yeah, but that John Edward die, he's for real Yeah, there's another one And the stupid women who watch that crap, they can't get enough of it I'm not so sure who's dumber The people who watch that or the people who watch Oprah or the people who believe in fairy tales like Jesus Christ Things like that I think they're all the same people Yeah, probably right Bobby Fuller 4 loves made a fool of you reach number 26 So sorry, but Nice try Now what's going on with our polo or something strange going on here, Eric? I don't want to start picking on Eric, but this thing's been stuck on the same number of votes Yeah It's stuck at 276 for like the last 10 minutes Since he took off Randy, there's something in the bizarre going on Don't tell me there's nobody else voting on this Which of these one hit wonders was bet? Soft cell, tainted love 42 votes Which were very dubious about? It could be number one, you know? Yeah Okay I said it could be It's been misceived between 20 Norman Greenbaum, spirit of the sky 18 Steam, non-ahe-h-h-a-kiss and goodbye Andy MF unbelievable 15 Zagron Evans in the year 252514 Question mark in the theory in the 90th theory that 13 Blue Zimage, ride captain ride Taco put on the rits and paper lace notes you covered that you have 12 After that it's pretty far downhill Although Johnson vashed and wuck up that Carter's got eight And you know something white planes my baby loves loving We change the name of that three times and still has no vote Oh That changed it again maybe that'll hurt Yeah, let's make up another name for it Let's see it's by the Beatles I'm not buying those Taco results either by the way Why not? Because that's another crock I can't imagine anybody actually liking that See this is the problem when we take a poll that's objective like this And you don't want to accept the you know the fact that a lot of people out there got bad taste I mean Norman Greenbaum and spirit in the sky If that's in the same league would a lot of the other stuff like incense and peppermints By the strawberry alarm clock or harshify the mystics Which still has got only six votes Our Dean Taylor Indiana wants me still stuck down with three with three freaking votes And let's see if this thing changes on there how many votes is it say on your screen? 276. Yeah, it's been loaded manually too It's been stuck on there for like ten minutes Eric And I know that there are the people voting on this thing got to be Something's very strange with our poll, okay? We got a strange poll today 1148 at 560 WQM Supreme Court shoots down gunna peel testing individual rights to own firearm Bad news What do you expect from those fascists on the bench anyway? The same people are gave you George W. Well sorry Robert What's wrong with you? Yeah, exactly never matter if actually didn't like maybe he knows some other people in Sicilia, Scalilla The Supreme Court said Monday will not hear two cases that would have offered a test of the Bush administration's newly articulated position that the Constitution protects an individual's right to own guns Without comment the court turned down two men convicted of violating federal gun laws The men had argued that the laws are unconstitutional because the second amendment gives Americans the right to keep in bear arms The case is marked the first time that the Bush administration had told a Supreme Court That has reversed a decades old policy on the second amendment until now the government has said the amendment protects a collective Not an individual right to gun ownership and the NRA is proud maybe they love it They're thrilled they got their hands in both the George East pockets The distinction is important because gun laws necessarily restrict individual rights The administration also said its new position is not under my infidival gun laws Because the second amendment right is still subject to reasonable restrictions Using that rationale the administration urged the high court not to accept the appeals of Timothy Joemerson and John Lee Hennley Both were properly convicted of violating laws the administration considers reasonable limitations of the gun rights So it's a general Ted Olson said The second amendment reads a well regulated malwina what it says The Supreme Court interpreted that in 1939 as a protection of malicious rights not of individual ones Decades of justice to barren policy arrested on that which preceded most federal laws regulating whom they own what type of gun The current position of the United States is that the second amendment more broadly protects the rights of individuals Including persons who are not members of any militia or engaged in active military service or training to possess and bear their own firearms Olson wrote and footnotes attached to the findings in the Emerson and Hally cases That right however is subject to reasonable restrictions designed to prevent possession by unfit persons Or to restrict the possession of types of firearms that are particularly suited to criminal misuse Olson wrote last month Also the administration's top Supreme Court lawyer was the reflecting of you that attorney general John asked cropped the voice last year And they led her to the National Rifle Association The text and the original intent of the second amendment clearly protected right of individual individuals to keep in bear arms asked cropped wrote then At the time asked cropped wrote the letter was unclear whether it was expressing his personal view or stating a new policy position for the government That question was mostly answered last November when he sent letter to federal prosecutors Pracing in appeals court decision that found the second amendment does protect individual rights But noting that those rights could be subjected to limited nearly tailored specific exceptions That opinion by the 50-wide circuit court of appeals will not reject arguments from members in the Texas position that a 1994 federal gun law was unconstitutional But law was intended to deny guns to people under judicial restraining orders In my view the Emerson opinion and the balance it strikes generally reflect the correct understanding of the second amendment asked cropped to hold prosecutors The appeals put the justice department in awkward position although the government in one both cases in lower courts using the old interpretation of the second amendment asked cropped its which gears by the time the appeals reached the high court Well, he better check with the NRA make sure it's a okay, okay, okay, those teams would say okay, okay. How's that thing coming is it still stuck? I'm reloading. Oh, it finally moved. See, there was something stuck on there stuck in the middle with you Steelers wheel. Yeah, great. So we said that that qualifies you have to look that up. That's feeling hit that I know of theirs Well, I have to put that on our next time we do this. Which I think will be a long ways down. I don't know how to we also know I'm throwing away Facts as of things that we already know about people's suggestions that we already know about their all right So now they're forgetting your response on this or yeah, a little bit or that they don't qualify like BJ Thomas. I'm sure had more than one BJ Thomas are you people crazy BJ Thomas had a crap load of hits hooked on a feeling Rock and roll Lola by Oh, I think that the rain drops keep falling. That's the rain drops. You fall on my thing. He had a hit a Schmidt load of hits DJ Thomas Steelers wheel had star. Sorry Stuck in the middle with you and star. Don't you remember star? No. Why do I know how it goes, but I remember it vaguely Just to show you you who who facts that that doesn't have a name. I want to trace that facts and get that person and just not a little Son of them with a 2x4 Get what it's got you're probably a pretty good guy Scott since I'm pictures, but Jesus Christ God is that frost my ass when we get something stupid like that Jesus Christ. I'm so long to my could cry Mama billion sue the eyes of a New York woman hooked on a feeling rain drops keep falling on my head Which is number one for four weeks everybody's out of town I just can't help believe in most of all no love at all mighty clouds of joy Which wasn't a big hit but probably the best record you ever made you remember that? Yes, oh Rock and roll Lola by which in for my money is the second best song you ever did Hey won't you play another somebody done somebody wrong song? Of course, which also reached number one and don't worry baby Are we making a beach boy? I'm gonna tell you something folks DJ Thomas Who was raised in Rosenberg Texas all the ways not Jewish is great one of the greatest Voices in the history of rock and roll is there any questions about that in Christian now You know I don't care about that he can believe whatever if he tells you once no he has a great voice I agree, but he's a BJ Thomas is great and he probably had to become a boring in Christian because all those people can't pass them off the BJ stands for But guys I mean Scott get serious Although you know something these books are pretty damn expensive I mean that's the only way really gonna know all the BJ Thomas you should know Scott. Oh, yes, but sir My defense about BJ Thomas is every time you go to the record store and you see BJ Thomas is great. It's hit all over the place In the display rack yeah, they're not too many CDs out there with so-and-so's greatest hit Oh, here's Lauren who's also a chronic fact who says I don't know if it's on a current unless the one who wonders I nominate the next time the boys are back in town by Tindosi. That's a good one. Yeah, thin Lizzy Did I say Tindosi you just as Tindosi or Tindosi whatever the real name is my favorite line in the song is if that chick don't want to know forget her Well, that's good the boys are back in town. They play it in that a lot of the hockey games here in Toronto Don't ask me why well, it's better than that stupid stop and titles. I don't think they're one hit wonder They're not thin Lizzy they had jailbreak That's a barely go You know this book weighs about 400 pounds. I hate to break the news to this is a heavy duty book that cost 38.95 Canadian A which is about 25 bucks US This is a top 40 billboard book now. What is it? I'm looking for thin Lizzy or 38 special There's jailbreak Well guess what didn't make the charts. Oh He gave us that big dramatic thing there and you're wrong. What's funny the book a brand email Me that one, but not a book of Ryan's photograph. Okay the boys are back in town reach number 12 and 1976 rock group from Dublin, Ireland, Thin Lizzy Phil Lynna vocals in bass Brian Robertson and Scott Gorm for guitars and Brian Downey on the drums Laundine in 86 at the age of only 34 And we're not gonna speculate as to why So I'd like that, huh mr. How chat there are one so might make an order that okay Can I get to this one quick thing before we do the break Rock and place of dismantled a terrorist cell with links to a salmere mama bin Laden's al-Qaeda network arresting three Saudi nationals He got them in official city yesterday The three men were planning suicide operations against the American and British warships But trolling the straight edge of order they mock an official silent condition of anonymity the names of the suspects were arrested in May We're not released Your rest were made with the help of intelligent services of several friendly countries one of the officials told the AP It's the first confirmation of a crackdown in Morocco since the US and its allies launched the military campaign in Afghanistan A destroy al-Qaeda in October 2002 suicide bombers in a small dinghy ran the USS cold destroy an important Yemen blasting hold on inside as we know killing 17 sailors Okay, there you go. Oh it also says in the last sentence. I guess I shouldn't throw none if al-Qaeda operatives are confirmed to be behind the attack with marked the terrorist groups first Don't successful Operation outside the war zone in Central Asia since 9 11 We just mentioned that in passing So thin Lizzy qualifies make sure we keep that on list okay along with the power and Olsa and BJ Thomas I'm I'm I'm destroyed and you know I've got to do I'm gonna go out and buy me a BJ Thomas CD They all right just to show Scott a thing or two okay about music Love him 50 set mighty clouds to do it was just oh great just phenomenal. I got to hear it right now Three minutes till noon at five sixty WQ ever if your carpets look and smell like crap Well, you know, we can ring our hands in and wish about what slums we are But the fact of the matter is all the against the all the company all the pets Walk in and back and forth shimmering all of that schmooots into the fibers of the carpet right now It's springtime again, which means time for goods being cleaning for your carpets to from our good friends The dry concepts nobody in the universe doesn't like them. That's why I use it in my house for over 20 years now They take all the panic and the nervousness on having your carpets clean because you know I had a time They give you a written guaranteed price before they start to job and by the time they get finished Your cup is look in smell just like brand new They're drying a couple of hours and you're gonna have the biggest smile on your push You've had in a hell of a long time So don't be fooled by those five ninety nine scams specialists that leave your carpet so far today's and sokian I'm gonna leg at the end of the job treat yourself in your carpets to a real great spring cleaning today In flower county called dry concepts of this number nine five four three seven O seventy seven seventy eight nine five four three seven O seventy seven seventy eight and date and Palm Beach call one eight hundred two four eight five O seven one one eight hundred two four eight five O seven one. Please be sure until that kneel toward the call cleaned today enter Agent Half-loving nights and ten on sports radio five sixty QAM Hey, you're Steve Goldstein, but you can call me down. See whenever I'm in town I listen to man. I am in town. It's the 12th of one hour Father's day should be spent with that special man in your life For the call of course see you later But what if that is an around on father's day? That's when you need to call with a dad Father's day with your run a dad starts early as he shows up on an elf did six thirty to run his lawnmower right under your bedroom window And when your red a dad comes inside He'll head straight for his favorite seat in the house to spend 25 minutes doing whatever he dad loves to do Where's the plunger? Spending a day with rented dad is just like spending it with your real dad can't be a beer Here you go, Uncle Dad I will took you so long. You'll never about this Not this I love you, Render dad You know, get your head out of the way you're walking a stream Make this father's day one this just like every other father's day you've ever had with rent a dad You know something maybe that's what I should have had 155 60 WQM. It's our big noon to one hour. We got the mad dog to manage his back today between the one and three We got Hank in studio tree or three o'clock. You know I heard somebody yesterday talking to Hank about the Belmont Or no, I Hank was talking about Andy Bire who of course is considered the greatest the Thurbered Handy Cap or all of the country And they have to buy our ratings the speed ratings etc And so on as many books on Thurbered Racing and Handy Crapping But for any buyer or anybody to question That Waram Blum lost all chance to win when he stumbled out of the gate nearly fell down on his ass Right on his nose I begin to wonder if Andy Bire ain't doing like magic mushrooms or something like that just like the Humphrey said Once that it was it that was the end Anybody who knows even just a teeny tiny little bit about horse racing but anyway So this factor who was doing about thin wasy and thin wasy and the boys are back to the glamour back in time It says to power head Vulcan female ruler on Star Trek She made spot fight Kirk to the death when Spock needed to get laid or risk dying from green balls on his home planet I didn't really could die from green balls. Oh, if you have it really bad Spock's what how my blue balls Spock's woman had eyes for Kirk and this fight would determine who would get her Bones drag Kirk so he'd appear to die during battle later on when he's Spock saw Kirk was alive on the enterprise He smiled for the only time ever on the show. How do you like that? How does Star Trek trivia for you? God is that for you stuff, you know? Yeah, like Bill Schatter said get a life but thanks for the great facts Poll says you know what Americans want what do Americans want not money not getting laid Four and five Americans would give up some freedoms to gain security. That's what they want security. Oh, they want to be safe Maybe we can all get together eat it lose into bronze where we'll be safe and For intent where he terrorist will harm them or their family a new gallop poll shows For intent where the terrorists see this is the new deal now since they got caught with their pants down since all the whistleblowers come out of the closet We got a scuba divers are gonna get us so we got the dirty bomb and the clean bomb and the new tron bomb and the big bomb Yeah, get everybody into a panic and And then of course we got those brilliant statements from people like Robert Mueller who keeps saying well It's not a question of if it's just a question of one and there will be another retack And there will be a nuclear attack it could be in ten minutes it could be in ten years It could be in a hundred years. Well, I mean talk about covering your ass This guy's even covering his ass for like long before he's pushing up daisies It is that incredible or one it's very credible About a third of those poll favor making it easier for authorities to access private email and telephone conversations More than 70% are now in favor requiring US citizens to carry ID cards with finger prints and 77% believe all Americans should have smallpox vaccinations I hate to break the news to you though, but if you go on the internet and find out that there's some very bad side effects from the current smallpox vaccine I just I just mentioned that Or you get whipped up into a frenzy What a bunch of goose stepers the public is you know It was amazing the percentage of people who were willing to give up freedom to get back some sense of personal security Said Elaine Christian since senior research director for the Gallup organization These aren't people who were necessarily near the twin tower near the Pentagon near the Morab building these are just average people The telephone survey conducted in March included 934 The command results with the general population survey The poll showed 8% of Americans are very worried and 31% are somewhat worried that they are someone in their family who become victims of a terrorist attack in the US In New York City the level of worry is higher 19% said they're very worried and 34% said there's there's somewhat worried Washington DC in Oklahoma City report levels of fear close to national average Scientists involved in the poll said they were not surprised many Americans are mean fearful after September the 11th The magnitude of event was just so profound said Carol North a second after Professor Washington University in St. Louis Who said talk of the war in Afghanistan airline security and terrorist threats is propelling the fear and you know who's doing the propelling? I give up The media yeah, there you go The media You're sick and they help that I was gonna give you like a little clue there from good old tanny faith and I hope Carlos has a wonderful life with tanny faith I hope they'll love together Birds of a feather on and speaking of that This next story from the Boston hero Save boys life since parents died food Said he got called Ant aunt okay, and when you look at that you see all the letters are in there you see what I'm saying Yeah Yeah See say that for your show if they were not gonna do gratuitous filth on his show because it affected that you know you're just a a pervert We're not gonna do that What was it? Continent mass the maternal end of a baby boy who started that because ultra religious parents would not feed him solid food testified yesterday That's he pleaded with a child's father resumed feeding him. Remember this story? Uh-huh only days ago It may be sick Well, a like even sicker Renee Horton said her brother-man-law Jacques Robodot defend of the decision to feed the baby exclusively from his mother's breast by saying This is from God. This is what we have to do and we have to have faith like I told you the religious people are the crazy people Like that I've Karen was pregnant unable to produce milk for her son and Jacques Robodot 29 is on trial for first to reemerge for letting the 11 month old boy starve over two month period Samuel Robodot and another second child who was still born eventually were on earth from a makeshift grave in back to state park in Maine Karen Robodot faces a second reemerge a charge in upcoming trial in April 99 after Samuel would become so we he could barely move His mother called a prayer meeting of the separatist religious sect based in seekong Karen wanted to pray for Samuel as a group for sister when they also remember the sect testified in Bristol superior court The morning after the prayer says you and Jacques Robodot announced to the group that Samuel is sleeping with God According to the testimony of Renee Horton's husband Daniel who is also remembered the sect About a month earlier Daniel Horton testified Jacques Robodot had heard a radio news report about a New York woman whose baby Had well eating nothing but breast milk Horton said Robodot considered a news report in a tent by Satan Forced their realization I know that Samuel is not gonna die Horton said Jacques Robodot hold him at the time while guess what Wrong as he asks since the trial began a week ago defensive attorney Francis Oboi Cross exam at the witness is to emphasize his contention that his client was being manipulated by sek founder Roland Robodot Jacques's father The other Robodot ostracized the group members almost all of whom were as honest than it family if they ignored the teachings or Leading from God according to witnesses Like that crazy In this case Jacques Robodot sister Michelle Mingo had claimed that God total of a late February of 99 that Samuel should take nourishment only from his mother When Karen Robodot initially bucked a changing her healthy son's diet Jacques Todor if someone has a leading we have to take it as if the apostle Paul had said it and we have to Yeah, that's why because he just played stupid like all the religious nuts Shortly after the death Daniel Horton and his wife and children left the sect although they clearly felt that what had happened to Samuel was wrong The Horton still were turned by the decision to leave the group Roland considered the group to be God's camp Horton said the attitude of the group was if you left you're leaving God How do you like that Like I said the religious people are the crazy people speaking of the Horton's by the way from days of our lives Yeah, are you guiding light people or two of that we have left the New Orleans you know great We got the not the original at bar but the lies that bar finally came back from Africa and Mindy And what's the all the other Graham came back for the big Reva and Reva and what's his name Josh's 85th time they got married But there's trouble in Imperadise I'll tell you that right now because at the end of the show yesterday all of you's up to world tricks and the lights go out I Didn't pretty heavy duty and now and now here's The bus Julia the multi billionaire who now courses in hell or somewhere, but that he's running around with like a little nap sack on his back along with Timmy and his nap sack and little total How come total don't have an abset God damn it? Speaking of depressing story is Griffin Joja a Georgia woman's accused of fiddly shooting her tumult late son Saturday night as small town nursing home Carol Carr 63 of faces double murder charges was a frequent visitor to some bridge Karen rehab center in Griffin Where sons Michael Randy Scott 42 and Andy Byron Scott 41 with her the past four months Griffin pulley sergeant James Landham said Both suffered from an undisclosed long term degenerative disease land him said Car of nearby Hinton shot them in with a small caliber handgun shortly after nine p.m. Landham said Arrested by the officer responding to the call the mother said she shot her son because she didn't want them to separate him Or police said she went freely involuntarily with the police when he arrived didn't show any violence to anybody else landed With an hour of each other grief counselors were on hand over the weekend to work with patients their families and employees nursing home Administrative Chuck Brown said right now We're just concerned with helping our residents get over this and working with our employees. He said how do you like that? She put them out of their suffer how they're paying in misery A lot of people would like to put you know some of their siblings out of their misery Right George I love almost siblings My dear How about your mother oh her Well, I'm talking about getting rid of all of our misery. Yeah, all of our siblings From what it's after noon at five sixty wqm. It's about 170 degrees if you like stick your head out the window You're probably pulled right back in a heartbeat But all you met is a product that if you keep taking it can help you feel your best all year round even during the unbelievably hot and Unacceptable summers in soft photo the heat humidity makes you feel like you want to pass out But all you mental make you feel your best like I said only moments ago All you might as a soft yell caps of lead contains Farmas suit of a great olive oil along with vitamins and minerals and rebels are bone health for your prostate for your heart for your blood pressure for your cholesterol Old you might's also got supplements to bone health and your circulatory system your digestive and endocrin system Your skin and bones even your mind I'll using the benefits of the best olive oil on the face of this globe and all you might's got products for men and ladies to All the events available right now is I'm speaking at Walgreens whole food markets Navarro pharmacy and sedanos as well all you might as they stupidness of exciting new product if you'd like You'd like the more information about what it is what's in it what it does and how you do it where to stick it Just call their toll free number. They'll be having answer all your questions call one eight six six Olio Med that's one eight six six Ola Omed And you could order their products right off their website if you prefer at olio men America dot Toasty The show in Marcho over nine times what's ready of five six You You a M demand it. I am a pussy crossing over's John Edward knows that losing a loved pet can be rough Now John is reaching out to your dearly departed bootjes in crossing rover Okay, I'm seeing a A dog yes, yes, it's some kind of a home Crossing rover if a pet has passed John Edward will make contact Okay, I'm getting a vision. I see Why why why He's why yes, she's a white Joe She wants you to know everything's okay. She's in head now and drinking out of same My John Edward now your dead pants are just a funny psychic away. Hey, we got some good news for you. I'm pulled today We got a whole bunch of one hit wonders on air. This is the first to several polls We're gonna do on this like about six thousand. Oh the Joe Jeffrey group my pledge of love All right that down please I don't know the Joe Jeffrey group my place is my pledge of love to you what you was that 50 something 69 Born in Buffalo, New York Joe Jeffrey R and be singer and good-tars my pledge of love was an up to number 14 But that was big was on the chart eight weeks You'd recognize it if you heard it. Mark that down for one day next time my pledge of love Yeah Joe Jeffrey My baby loves lovin which we find it got the name right got a vote I got one my plan. Oh, I don't want to get too carried away, but I got one It's got as many as human beings and alive and kicking Speaking of alive and kicking JLX school teacher Mary Kay Latour now is now set to marry the student she first had sex with when she was just 12 year when he was just 12 years old Let's hear it Vly Fula how do you pronounce this pull-out? Is that it? That's what they kept saying during the trial F you a L a a you God there's a lot of letters in their a Elf a lot of vowels in her a Vly Fula who fathered two girls with an out 40 year old blonde during the course of their elicid affair has turned 18 and I want to marry this scantletar beauty inside or say Abudi Why do they do that? Doody rhymes with duty which is just what she looks like they're very much in love reveals a palli-murray Kay She's never worried about wanting to marry Vly and now he's decided that she's the only woman for him Probably the one woman that would touch him Man, is he grow test or what? Yes, quite It could be a mid-semer jail house wedding and they plan to make a video of the ceremony and seller worldwide and probably a bunch of suckers out there I'll buy it. I'll buy it. I'll be even some of you would buy it But before the odd couple can tie the knot Vly has the petition a judge for permission Mary Kay is currently serving a seven and a half year sentence in the women's day prison at pretty washing When she was a 34 year old teacher and a mama four children would then hubby Steve The judge judge banter from seeing her boy lover for life But Vly is now an adult could ask for that ruling to be overturned or explain see how to attorney and bremner who's a friend of the jail teacher It probably would be because there's legal precedent a male teacher was jailed in Washington state for having sex with a female student was allowed to marry her And was released from prison that's a bright ray of hope from Mary Kay they say Ironically, Vly and his mom's sonna lost a lawsuit made 20 and which they accused the high-line school district in Ken Washington Affailing to protect him from sexual abuse at the ends of Mary Kay Man Not that we got too many crank lawyers out there. Found all kinds of wild lawsuits They lost the lawsuit made 20th When he accused the school to At the trial he testified I loved her at least I thought I loved her, but now he's changed his tunes Say sources and is determined to marry the bitch, uh, marry her One cloud in the odd couple's future is married Kay's health. She has a job in the prison library works on art projects And is kept in the prison volleyball team, but she's also undergoing test to see she's got cancer Says the rest has been steed still all the shamed ex-school teacher can talk about his marrying Vly and after her release moving with him and their kids Audrey five and luxus three to France or Hawaii She's already planning her wedding dresses the pal she's told French you can't wait to walk to the other even in the prison chapel Well, I see he's Hawaiian huh, that's why he's got all those days name Now I've been in Hawaii many many times and I got this way the old the only really grotesque people are like the uh Sumo rest are kind of guy. You know I'm talking about right the big fat tubs, but I guess he's one of them without the body You know what all the fat give it time He's got To be looked like Robbie Benson Huh, I'll speak at a Vlyo-de-villy Joe Bobby Gentry now. Did we decide she had another head you had to look it up? I'm telling you man. I'm getting the hernia. I'm filing lawsuit against billboard for making such a heavy book Bobby Gentry now. Did that wasn't I playing at this morning? You were over now that I have that You got me well, what do you mean I got you? I don't know what you had it from we have some interlude music though Well, I guess what it didn't qualify anyway All bad it will feed a pain Excellent and that on our thing today probably I do it all I will Good song Now what am I looking for the old-de-villy Joe and probably just as well if I don't find it all I guess what it's right before run away 67 by Nelson Shannon. I think it was just after that that he blew his brains up after recorded that piece of crap But run away 67 you came to anything else right and he said That's a good idea Hey Robbie Robbie just done it with some old guy A gene another sleepy dusty down today Don't drop Robbie or young man you bet your whole life and I was out Chopin cotton in my brother so how many times do we have to hear that is a grandfather was the first rabbi in the state of Texas in that getting a little bit old I didn't know that Well, I you just learned that more very startling information on the new larger show Well, that's because you anti-Semitic oh Bobby Gentry Odebilly Joe was number one for four weeks in August to 67 Then she also had let it be me with the encambles Fancy I remember fancy that was and then all I have to do is dream which you sang with the encambles and ripped off the Everley brothers and we're still ever forgive her for that that freaking bitch Well back in jump off the bridge with Robbie Robbie Benson to just turn 92 I should point out how old do you think he is? He's got to be 45 at least. Oh, is that the any else something the sad part of it is you probably still looks the same He does he's one of those people who never broke out of his childhood and always he always looked the same Which is probably why I couldn't get like any serious rules. Remember you played the rabbis kid or something like that in one movie I saw that movie the baseball one the one that starts out there playing stick ball or something like that. I don't know. I didn't see it The name was in a movie with a monkey And it was in that basketball movie one on one. That was pretty good. I mean, you know You didn't see one on one. No, I'm talking about the one with a monkey where he told you a coach to stick it with a red hot poker to stick it like up his vacuum ass Speaking of John Gotti and somebody should tell the examineries that I realized I picked this up before he died But you know considering they have all those psychics in the tabloids when you think they would know ahead of time That he was gonna die yesterday I sure knew it. Well I got that inspiration to read that got he's story almost almost a minute that he died Do you get him in it later probably to it took ten minutes for the psychic Show today Okay I'm serious. I don't wish any ill health on anybody in the world, but in this case I'll make an exception just like Michael and a guy father just this one time. I'll make an exception And the reason being not not that we not didn't hate people drink up before yesterday, but now we find out They're let me not fired by people Joe, but I would be in IZ Phil Latsman who's kind of like an innocuous guy He knows a little bit about sports. He never stole a freight train. He's not a troublemaker. He's a pretty decent guy They're let me and he gets stabbed in a back by people during the assassin over there a cheap channel So before the end of the show today, we're gonna put a goddamn voodoo hex of curse on Pete Borgere Because if he gets struck by a bolt of lightning If he should drive off the edge of the etchle for the expressway in Detroit If somebody should run him over crossing the street then Then I'll say All right Anyway, get back to the mob Uncle Vito needs you and now more than ever now that John Garis did Help one and can you shoot a bullet in the back of somebody's head? Can you run gambling and a storage operations or a good at blackmail and driving a getaway car? Can you cram a zoni in your mouth and say forget about it at the same time? If your answers are yes, then here's a job for you the mafia is looking for a few bad men to take over for dead If you might I think I probably will do it since it's my god name sure. I think that's what I'll do. I don't want to rush through it Because we savor every little a tidbit everything about the mob we love the mob on his show not wait Have to do his call for an actual group at 1-800-9405363 That's 1-800-945363 to be more specific you can get a hundred grand with payments of only Come You win and all the action real world wide a leader in sports sports radio 560 You weigh in gotta keep your chats in straight here With a trusty card Talks out very All up he compared their business body messed up No surprise what a big fun head Colton house with his camera Saddy hat shots of and Buddy must have snores some jubes. There were someone else's boot. This guy is a major tool Fursy thought it was true never check the ladies face that's why he's in this card case He's a freak in full a Quack they should take his camera back another this makes And he says what's with the nymph of the fence it's a freaking clock Hope they make him pay millions The roll And approve that And Okay, got a look in a book here for a million different things though they're coming on the fact Did he just all start coming in like recently or what like I said I was sorting out the ones that we already had Okay Brownsville stations smoking in the boys room, which we also talked about off the year before to show up against what it's Sorry Frank right The Kings of the party reach number 31 so they had another hit sorry Electric Avenue by any grant you remember that yeah was on MTV for wild Ray gay sounding kind of oh well let me see here's Amy Grant here's Earl Grant here's any grant and guess what Well mancing the stone oh yeah from the other said what's that will be all about she got very upset with you the name of that movie But you can use your own and see you're supposed to be a pervert and I'm of course Of subpo playing pervert and you're here's a name of a movie romance in the stone and right away She's there. Oh, what's that about is remind us filthy or than both of us right? She's got a filthy mind Ma electric Avenue was number two for five weeks by eight a grant, but he don't make the Okay, here's one that does make it Tom Cochran life is a highway Remember that yeah, and I'm right well I looked it up already that was a medley of a smash Tom Cochran. Hi spell that COC H R a n e Similar to but not a match with the Johnny Cochran It says can you tell me name of the billboard one hit wonder boy. I well I don't have the one hit wonder book I mean I'm reading from the billboard the top 40 hits book which is a big fat thick It's big and it's fat and it's thick and a book two over 800 pages, but there is in fact if you go to that website What is it the website that Eric was touting? Then he finally now you ask me Huh? I just I just had it up there on the website too. Well go to one hit wonders one hit wonder Central dot com all one word no, as a matter of fact just it was search for one hit wonders And on there one of the things that'll come up is the billboard to book you can order it right off of there for mason or just just go to amazon dot com if you want either way And you can order the book because I can't find it myself and a book either and let's see Is this go red wing kicks her hurricane asses? That's why get it over with already on Thursday and how come they got two days off for the TV networks again Jesus Christ get it over with as much as I'm a hockey fan and I love it first of all Carolina makes me ill not just because they beat the least because they're boring They're coma inducing They've they and even though the ratings are up both in the US and in Canada Don't ask me why because they've played so many most terminal hockey have seen in my life all those One nothing and two to one and oh God Any real fan wants this is a goldscore god damn it not this ponderous clutch and grab and trap crap Anyway get it over with please Thursday. Be right. Thank you Let's see Mississippi queen by mountain. Oh here we go again. I just what I put the book down. I got to pick it up again. I feel like I didn't help a chino Day and sister's nuts not a one hit wonder mountain and Mississippi queen because of this and because of that So let me look it up okay Do we agree will abide by whatever it says in the world ever says in the mountain Mississippi queen there only hit I didn't know this Felix papal party Plane guitar was a member of the group and then of course went on to be with the rest of us did you know he was shot to death on 417 1983 at the age of 44 no, I never knew that Oh my god He was papal already the young rascals I don't think I'm ever gonna be the same again It says it's not really one hit wonder the group with guitar Leslie western keyboard man Felix papal already had many classics for example Yazgriss farm woodstock Boys in the band then tuck it slay ride papal already wrote dozens of classics with the rascals Leslie West was one of the great guitars to the era Well, let's see glitter right on a where am I male hard rock group in the York City Leslie West vocals in base Felix papal already guitar Steve night keyboards and quirky laying drums papal already was shot to the flagger city three But that was the only hit Mississippi queen so we stand by it. Okay for once we got it right just this one time we got it right Here's another one starlight express afternoon delight. Oh boy. Yeah, exactly. That's my feelings it But I'll look it up. I think it qualifies uh You would imagine so after remember that piece of I mean Friend the case star When star buddy star Starland what here's one for you that I find by accident Yeah Starland vocal band afternoon delight They have the wrong name of the group. It's not starlight express. It's the starland vocal band They do have starlight express on the bed. Hey Joel. You got you know you're like partly right better. You know I mean get with it Joel What about that brother's Johnson Why probably pretty big I thought they had other songs than that Hey I'm busy cleaning my foot up. You know what I just did you ever cut your ankle with like a the sharp Neil of a toe uh not with my toe no other things sharp other things Are you bleeding all over there? Just like you're not all over the places to a little bit. I'm just doing a little clean up job down there. Okay, just relax It's not a big deal Not sign as well. Yeah, you know Anyway starland vocal band afternoon delight was number one for two weeks That was a medley of their smash pop group form to Washington DC villain wife Taffy Dan off John Carroll and future wife Margot Chapman Bill and Taffy at front of the folkwintet fat city back John Denver on take the home country roads Hosted their own TV variety series in 77 won the 1976 best new artist Grammy award after in delight number one for two weeks in 76 hate it And now we got to look up to brothers Johnson I don't want to see to brothers Johnson just a thought of it here you go now they got all the head stop and sort of 123 and get the funk out of my face and I'll be good to you. That's funk with an in by the way just in case face So thank you very much. Can I get back to my story about the mob once you because probably a lot of people out there They're not gonna call fast rain. Maybe they call them mob Experts say ranks of New York's five organized crime fans have dropped from 634 soldiers to mere 570 full-time boom bars My bosses like John Goddard gotty are in the big house. It says guess what? Dead while others have turned in his song birds for the feds not to mention those who've gone to the big crime cloud in the sky and Something's got to be done you have to inject blood into families's a source insider say two of the top Clans the genovacy and lokazy folks have officially opened the books hoping to induct new members You can also apply to the Columbus who lost 26 good fellows in recent years or the bananas who've seen five of their guys made guys go missing The decavalentes the New Jersey based group of no good nicks on which their base that they based the subprinos Already are on recruiting rabbits at an eight new hoods to their books But they still need more help to carry out their notorious enterprises. That's why they're putting the word out on the street How do you apply wonder facts a resume It's not easy to become a good fellow though first your name has to be circulated around through the bosses and then may take a little lot Considering a lot of them are doing time in the pen if you get the okay from underworld mod figures you have to go through official Initiation process and we're not take talking secret hand shake here The ceremony includes burning a saints picture in the bleeding palm of an inductee as he takes the oath of Omar Tah Avonever to divulge he tells the family's business Because if you do you'll be sleeping with the fishes there's no buyout package or 401k plan in this biz and Don't forget a nickname if you're an accountant who's real moniker is William Nelson forget about it on your mom application Try something like really the crunching Nelson maybe then you'll see any change Love those nicknames Are here some good news finally? Two pieces of good in a while we had to bend those about radio marty here's some good news Miami beats will end with repetaces the capital of the Latin music industry this fall when south based South Beach based MTV Latino America premieres the MTV music video music awards Latino America Jackie Glison theater All right, it's Spanish language version of the parents never was popular in transcending MTV video music awards The show will reflect the growing popularity of Latin rock and pop approximately 80% of the award categories We'll feature Latin American artists who make up three piss into performers the live broadcast of the October 24th Award shall be available in 12 million households in Latin America and made available to MTV's other neighbors in the US Europe and Asia which will have a worldwide reach of three of the two million homes What's it eight for that October 24th I'll be back in South Florida maybe we can go there Well, you can take my ticket okay MTV Latin American president Antoinette Zell said the industry on by the bike and congratulations to Anne Rieke He finally said you know, he finally figured it out like Brittany He's doing a Brittany thing now. I just forget about singing anymore. He just selling this Sex that's all selling his body. I think they have a word for that MTV Latin American president Antoinette Zell said the industry synergy and civic support in South Beach Where the channel has been based in launching in 1993 made an ideal spot to kick off the show There's so much talent and labels are here. She said and the city has really been fabulous since our inception From finding as real estate helping us with a show as with the US MTV a music awards most windows Be determined by votes from viewers Charlie Singer the show's executive producer said nominees performers and awards categories will be announced in next few weeks Limey Beach Mayor David Dermers said the MTV event is an important edition of the city's reputation in economy There are some this is basically solidifying the fact that Limey Beach is the entertainment capital of the Americas and the center of Latin American music industry Dermers said it's probably the single largest music event ever to be broadcast from the city the special events give us recognition that advertising Never buy I keep hearing it tough beaches on a way out you hear that all the time Everybody's selling out everybody's move all the big stars moving out I just mentioned that so that what's your name can you know Barbara cabin man can spin around or grave a little bit Now we didn't need gambling Barbara we got our treco baby Call 41 at 560 WKM what you do need if you want to feel good about yourself and you know being good health is a good mattress Because there are a few things in life better for you than a good night sleep if you want to get a great night sleep every night for years to come call my good friends A dialo mattress anytime you need to get rid of the old lumpy worn out mattress You'll be instantly connected when you call 1 800 mattress to an expert vet in consultant who's only job is to hook you up with a best-brand A mattress you want a king you want a queen you want a twin whatever and you want they got a foreign of course They got all the top brands too Sort of see these Simmons of King coil the best makers of mattresses in the universe and when you call dialo My Triss at 1 800 mattress You pick that a in the two hour window for your delivery seven days a week when it's convenient for you when you're gonna be home Not when they feel like a get around with and don't forget also dialo mattress gives you that Unparalleled 30 day-in-home comfort guarantee so you can test in a mattress the white the white way by flipping on it No store in a world can max their everyday low prices either so pick up the phone today and you'll be sleeping very very soon Just like a child call 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA T T RES or check them on the Oh my god Oh Come 46 at 5 60 WK Mad Dog back today after Joe Rose was in yesterday's dealing our program longs Here's a fact that says and you know it's amazing how yeah granted we make plenty of mistakes And we'll be the first one to tell you when we screw up which we do a lot, but This one says the live and kicking is Tommy James. Well, guess what? Nothing to do with live and kicking pop rock group from New York City Peppy Cardona male vocals sandy total female vocals John Paricio guitar Bruce Sedano organ Thomas Wilson base and veto albano This sounds like a new mob family don't it? veto albano drums Sedano later Mary Donna summer and was a member of Brooklyn dreams But live and kicking and tighter and tighter which reached number 7 and 1970 that was a medley of this match Tommy James had nothing to do with that. What does that mean? I don't know either You think maybe that was an image one of his songs. Tommy James and his Shawn else alive and kicking it might have been maybe that's what they meant let's see No It was not so I don't have no idea who wrote this genie C Riley hyper valley p t. That's a good one. Yep But I think she had something else Not that big but on the heels of it. How do you spell genie C Riley? She's trouble an REI No, sir. That's not REI LLY. No is what I would guess no How much is all right, Ellie? Why it's kind of boring, all right Leanne rhymes genie C Riley good one redeemed yourself on his facts right that down for next time Number one for week in 1960 at hyper valley p t a medley of her smash written by Tom T Hololis Also, it says Bobby bland also had lived a little girl dance and drew on your lovely and I'm trying to think why the easy Are right in about Bobby bland and you want to know why? Why maybe I misspoke when I was talking about Montico Bay and I said Bobby bland. Bobby Bloom Had Montico Bay not Bobby bland. Oh, you must have missed both because it's right here on the CD and We've been reading it off the CD Bobby Bloom boom Okay, got it how about Brian blusher somebody said something about when we were talking about the Cavalier or when you were talking about One of the young rascals What looks savaghery yeah, Felix Cavalier is the guy, but you were saying some different name because that's what the facts said or something Yeah, Nanditch called up and was correcting us on that and Corrected us on what? Because we were you were saying some different name other than Felix Cavalier. Oh my god The Cavalier butt out. Tom the stick with Tom Brady. Okay, he probably liked to Anyway, now speaking of Bobby Bloom see it's amazing the one thing I love about these billboard top 40 books Not only do they have artists by artists all their hits and then you go into back and they've got them alphabetically by the name of the song If you wouldn't know the title the song you see who the artist what all kinds of good stuff all kinds of charts, but Under each artist they've got for example in the groups they have the name of each member and if they're still alive Things like that Bobby Bloom born in 1945 in New York City died from an accidental shooting on 228 74828 how do you like that huh no idea Pop singer song writer much session work in the 1960s, but his only hit Monte Go Bay reached number eight October 1970 Bobby Bloom not Bobby bland Bobby Bloom. Okay This guy probably heard Joseph Gacky last week and was thinking more like bland you know what I'm saying bland like Joseph Gacky Tainted love softsell leading with 48 votes George is very dubious about that Yeah Well, I'm just telling you the way it's right on the buying it and the same goes for taco the only reason they're voting for tacos because of that bit that we Play otherwise none of these maybe they like Taco Bell would have remembered it Norman Green bomb spirit in the sky of 27 mountain Mississippi queen 26 Steam Nana hey hey kiss him goodbye 22 paper lace the night Chicago died 19 EFF also 19 for unbelievable Unbelievable that's what I just said they were in Evans in the year 2525 got 18 blues image Radcat and right that's a great song 16 Question mark in the materials 96 here's no matter where the hell they're from the second on Michigan believe me And you want to know how you know that how do you know that because when they used to play that song on a radio and Michigan They used to say they were from Sagin on Michigan like on C. K. L. W. and that's said are in so and and like on King or 13 Believe me 15 votes for them and also for taco put in a rich with George isn't by that. I I believe it the pro climbers I'm gonna be 500 miles. I come that's not in parentheses Wow, that's cuz Eric doesn't know that song 13 Strawberry alarm clock instance in peppermint's 11 John Sebastian welcome back caught her theme 11 the monotones book a level of it and then from there on it's a single digits Let's see how's Indiana? Oh, it's still on got only three Indiana wants me already in daylight Taylor that's a heavy-do-de-song man A live in kick-and-tatter and tighter with one human being somebody with me and my baby loves loving with life planes is got to let's hear it We talked that baby all the way up to two to appear Thank God for us Profit 2 at 5.60 QM if the mob won't let you in here's another alternative for you call our good friends at fast rain because in just four short months You can have a big one. Maybe not as big as John got he's a big paycheck the demand for certified computer professionals is skyrocketing through the roof So pick up the phone and call the experts at fast rain and get out of that dead-end jobs quit working for some jackass, okay? We all know what that's like Call fast rain today at 866 fast rain because some of classes are forming right now If you call now you can be certified in the new career before some are zen fast rain offers you Microsoft certified instructors for convenient locations Including the new campus in Kendall job placement assistance dating in classes and for those individuals who job as affected after 9.11 Fast rain is an operation paycheck training provider too call fast train today 866 fast train or you can check them out in the your web to at fast rain.com Don't forget you it's really other truth fast rain can have you certified ready for brand new career and as little as four months So call them today. There's no obligation. I'll be ecstatic for my sir. I'd your questions Please tell me a new tool to you to call fast rain and that number again is 1 866 Boy Honey regrip this potter He days in one on sports video 566 You a yeah, I I Don't have a quote coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story We take a good hard stiff look in the startup this British fans big hit was either a son of out of three Some of the homosexual encounter or masturbation Sandley we may never know the truth about haircut 100 Oh Whoa on man look at the first line of the song. I went off to the right haircut 100's manager Chat stools talks about the band only hit Not plus one it's same pretty clear to me That's a fellow saying I'd just gave into the central delight of anal sex I mean Do you think still others think love plus one refers to a third sex partner like 80's rock booby molus and Shuster who was been a third sex partner with such luminaries as the guy who sang back up on that one spring steam tour and the human leads dog And as a skinky third sex partner I can help a sink love plus one is about being a third sex partner But was this own really only a reference to being alone and needing to use your hand Was Rosie Palm the plus one referred to in the title the band's lead singer Nick Hayward May have provided a clue back in 1982 when he said it's pretty much a song about wiping off And there you have another sex slathered story about some loser band from the 80's Main to sound like actual journalism by my urgent self-important goal-lifery suckers It's a big juicy Suffing with look at show business tonight on inside of the hide Can't wait 257 at five six to five should glad somebody facts and corrected me. You know I've made this mistake. Thank you Stevie I've made a mistake before too. You know, I feel it's papalardy and feel it's cavalry. I always confuse the two of them Okay, and you went right along with it by the way. See how easy you were because I've already forgotten about Felix Cavalier in the young rascals Why's that? Well, because I remember them, but I keep forgetting about him because his solo career was ever so