Oh, the Neil Roshy Show on 560 WQA and it's Friday you best to ride! Absolutely, please you gentlemen, this is Rainbow Ford bike. Oh you. John, lamb was still alive. I wanna make movies for him 5. My life ain't going great plan to Hollywood's broke. Unfortunately I speak like I had a stroke. First blood came in 82. That's when I heard my penis ended never ever grew. Rambo 2 was in 85 late. Rambo 3 was in 88. Show it and show it and show it and my gun. I get not made this movie with my son. He never said she was in Rocky's life and daylight at all a movie. A little big crashes where I mean. I got a little from the Paulo Creed. I got a half a mile of him movie. Or bloody show like you're a he. I guess nobody ever saw a cop in. It was stupid, I guess I understand. My whole life is about to cave in. Oh I got left in the gentle flame. Ladies and gentlemen, I need to make lamb more fun. 5. Uh. Check it out. So call me up. I really need a script. I can do dialogue or keep it zip. Delight comedy. Action. Adventure. And drama. The only thing I will undo is having sex with a llama. So give me a break. For goodness sake. I used to be an opera. Now I can't get on Ricky Lake. Now I got a one man show in poor kepte. Basically I'm a run in point. Chipsy. A little bit of crashes. What I mean. I got a get a loan from the Paulo Creed. I got a half a mile of him movie. Or bloody show like you're never he. I guess nobody ever saw a cop in. It was stupid. So I understand. My whole life is about to cave in. Oh I got left in the gentle flame. And that's why ladies and gentlemen. I need to make remover. Fire. But I'm absolutely. I know to have five sixty. Nobody came here. Why play that today? I give up. Because if you look at the. Paul from yesterday. Seven hundred and five votes by the way. Bill Connie and gonna fly the rocky theme and Lou Big and mama number five. Or like back to back. Or as they say here's side by each. How do you like that? So I figure that like puts the two of them together in one bit. See what I'm saying? See the logic? I get it. And I just want to say this. I mean somebody might as well talk about the fact that the red wings. One of the Stanley Cup because certainly on a morning sports show. They don't talk about that. Go get these not a lot of speak more than five words per day. That's Dakota. About hockey. Red wings. Nice going Air Boys in five games to be Carolina. No contest. Oh. And another boring game last night. Three to one was the final wasn't a really that close. And what can you say other than their. They're done. And of course Scotty Bowman the greatest coach of all time on a care what he says. He wants to be modest so the toe Blake was better punch your mark was better. Greatest coach of all time Scotty Bowman. Ninth standard cup when he hangs it up. Retires immediately up to the game, which is no surprise. But it was a yeah and see the one great thing about hockey. Is that at the end of playoff series. The players line up no matter how brutal they've been. They've been beaten the crap out of each other and knocking each other's teeth out. They're bleeding. They're like their limbs are hanging and they line up and they like to shake each other's hand. They're like a little hugging. They're padding on the ass by the way. We don't see that. That's it for pussy sports. Not for hockey. And I want to tell you right now my definition of a real man. Okay. If you look up the term a real man in the dictionary. Steve Iserman is a real man. Steady. Here's a guy. Here's a guy to play the entire playoffs. Injured. After a lot of the games couldn't even walk because his knee is so bad. He's going to have to have a reconstructive surgery on the knee starting like almost any day now. And it's going to be up for six months, which means he'll miss a good part of the next season. But in spite of that, there's the Redmond captain. Let him do another Stanley Cup. I thought it was nice to give Nicholas Lutz from the cons my trophy for being the most valuable player in the playoffs. Pretty damn good. Even though it was a very boring series and Carolina plays that comito style and I give him credit. I mean his palm a rease who's got two first names. There are young coaches a lot younger than many of the Redmond players by the way. I think there were eight players maybe not eight. Several players under way to move older than palm a rease. He's 35. He's the coach of Carolina. Almost got fired early in the season. Was right under verge. And Carolina had a home in home season. Hey Robert is Robert there. Yes he is. Guess which team it was they had the home in home series with the same palm reases job. Gee could it be the Panthers? Yeah, we've got good guess. And they kicked the crap out of the Panthers. No one thought I think wouldn't I not attend something like that. Saved his job and leads him right there to Stanley Cup finals. Nice going Paul. Good coach. Does anybody grab out the Panthers? I beg your pardon. Doesn't everyone kick the crap out of the Panthers? Are you going to step picking on the Panthers? I remember when we used to have hockey team in San Florida. We did. Once upon a time, lots of long time ago. And then they'd like kind of dismantle it. But we ought to be used to that. It happens to every team down there. Anyway, so yesterday's before we get to the pool though. I want to we got some great news because we're trying even though we have this oppressive repressive right wing regime led by John Ascroft and the word police should think would be back but the media understand what the public wants. The public wants all seven of George Carlin words eventually. Now we didn't get any of those under today, but CNN must have said the word as six hundred times today. That's right because we got this great story. Singers says A.B.C.'s Jennings gave him the boot. This is the most important story that I forget for one second about the bishops and Dallas. We'll get to that. We'll get to all the other good stuff. We'll get to today's pool and I'll see give you the results for me yesterday. Here's the survivors from yesterday's one hit wonder. Did we owe it? We did break the tie. Look at that. We broke the tie. Did you notice? Yeah, thank God. Vicki Sue Robinson edged out the bugles for number five. Here's the results. Dexie's midnight rotters come on Ileen had 57 to win. Hello. How's that possible? I know it was big. Vicki H1s was too bad. You gotta be smitteny man. Anyway, that was enough. While she played that funky music 51, Thomas Dolby, she blinded me with science 44. That was number three. Number four rock and roll hoochie Kubrick, go into your 37. And Vicki Sue Robinson, I think was tied neck and neck, no one's to know a side by each. For the longest guy damn time, but edge dot the the bugles and video killer radio star. Vicki Sue Robinson Trimovie to round had 28 for number five. We're saving the top five from each day that we do. This number have like a spinoff. A runoff. Whatever. The good news is that Bobby McFear and don't worry be happy. Was right on the heels of those two, but the amount of number seven or whatever. Oh, if that would have made the top five, I think that would have been the end for me. That would have been a thought as a boot as far as I could go with this, but it didn't quite make it back in us. Very annoying. That'd be a good pull to take some day the most annoying song of all time. Oh, and that would be a contender. Here's a facts from Ivan before I get back to my a story. Ivan says, Chipotle is not at the time of chili per se. Now this goes back to the Armidillo Cafe. But I was in yesterday's, I was reading some, I guess I'm going to wait there. Or Chipotle. Chipotle. All right. Are you starting again? Not me. You better not mess with me because I am the call to hellfire. Okay. All right. That's what Motu told me. Chipotle is not a type of chili per se. It's nothing more than a jalapeno that's been roasted. I'm cold to give it a smoky flavor. Once blackened, the black peel is removed and the peppers put on a blender to make sauces. Kind of like it, sounds like a circumcised shfart of the black peel is removed. And the peppers put on a pepper that is put on a blender to make sauces. And in the end, the pepper that is put on a blender to make sauces is understood that 20% of the jalapeno crops in Mexico are converted into Chipotle. What this helps it does. I haven't thank you. As we had no clue what Chipotle was, which is evidently in some of the, in one or more of the menu items at the Armidillo Cafe where they use a lot of weenifty and different ingredients to put together great stuff. Okay. So our list, well, I will get to our list for today. Eventually. And the good news is for those people to get, think that it's ponderous going through all of the end your right. So George and I spent a few minutes this morning and we put together today's list ahead of time including some stuff from 91. Some stuff from 60, what was that year 62 I think? Okay. And some stuff that the audience had sent in and also some stuff from the book of Brian stuff that he sent me. So there's all kinds of good stuff on here. Another good list today. But, you know, Peter Jennings is an asshole. Have I told you that before I think I knew you show him? I don't know. And during the 9-11 and unfortunately, I made a bad mistake on that day because I had to figure out which audio we'd carry on a year to give the information out. Immediately leave the public. And the early part of it we went to ABC channel 10. I have no idea why I did that. And then after a little while I immediately went over to MSNBC because ABC really stunked the joint out that day. And especially Peter Jennings. They took every rumor, every people like that playing that supposedly had been hijacked and was crashed and see at or which never happened. Nobody else ever put that on the year. I mean, that's just one example of the grotesque misinformation that ABC did on that day. It was a horrible job. And why any person in his right mind would watch Peter Jennings with his heavily affected British accent, even though he's Canadian. See, nobody does the news up here sounds like that. They all sound like me, like you. I mean, they just sound like, you know, people speaking English. In fact, like you can other example is even on a BBC, you've seen a BBC and Sky News in England. Nobody speaks with like a heavy British accent. No, just pop up. Pop up. And no, they don't speak like that either. They don't sound pop up. They say they speak just like I do. How do you like that? So, why anybody would watch an answer like Peter Jennings and ABC News. I don't know. I guess just because it's there. And also, of course, it all depends on what local news you're watching ahead of it. And Channel 10 local news has got because people like stories about eating ass. In fact, you know, something maybe that's where that whole ass then came from. Maybe Peter Jennings figures that the right letter they'll talk about eating ass so much that on the ABC even news, they don't want to dignify the word ass. So, look at that, that's the right of the second because it's the big story of the day. Oh, ass. Ask on CNN. I'll say again, if you're missing in a news this morning, which I hope you did, they must have said the word ass. 64,248 times, but who's counting? And they were like, what's that broads name? Which one? The silly one that's on there from 6 to 7 before Paul is on comes on. I mean, she's very good looking, but she's a silly goose. And she's always chart-lin and pippin and whatever. But she was a, it's squeezing herself when she said that. I think she's got something down there that doesn't quite meet the eye. You know what I mean? What do you mean? Well, use your own amount. Use your favorite imagination. You've seen those movies. Oh, chicks with. No, I haven't seen those movies actually. Really? No, never. Oh, come on. I'm serious. Oh, that's right. George's like, see more butts. Okay. 12 minutes after nine and five, 60, WQM, if you're thinking of painting your home or business, don't paint, protect your investment with, so liquid ceramic. Liquid ceramic that technology born in NASA's Space Program, here's the good news for you. Now it's available right here in soft Florida. Liquid ceramic is the most advanced exterior interior and roof coating available. You too can have the same high-tech ceramic technology that shields the space shuttle, protect the your home of building. And you'll never, never, ever have to paint again. That's absolutely correct. You'll never have to paint again, because liquid ceramic skill are teed for as long as you own your home or your building. So forget about repainting every few years. Liquid ceramic won't fade around peel it's guaranteed. This state of the art coating yields you an R24 insulation equivalency, which, to make a long story, sure, helps bring down your electric bills too. Liquid ceramics available, over 1800 different colors, so check out Liquid ceramic today called 305-347-5122. Liquid ceramics been manufactured in sulfur over 40 years and it's available in soft Florida right now. Call 305-347-5122 or visit them on their website at lookotesoramic.tv. 3R5-3475122, be sure to tell them. That's which we do 560. You a yeah. I'd as Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rugger. Get dead. The fathers they give, T-need and J-mart. Unsaid this week. The Naralko backshavor. Have to visible. Thank you, Cree. Ask me, go on. Hammer, Royalt, depository. Get a child with vitamin C and by anger, life, flight, inflatable hookers. And do it yourself. Oh, prostate removal kit. Get dead. The GIFT-E NEEDS. J-mart. ABC's Pitter Gennings gave the boot to country singer Tilbe Keith after the sight and the lyrics of his hits on courtesy of the Red White and Blueward took controversial for the networks for the July special celebrating America. And a lot of people are not only pissed off about the censorship but the fact that Peter Gennings is Canadian 8 and they don't like the fact that some canuckers, you know, like a Canadian-type, like the American, like the American, like the American, like the American. They don't like the fact that they can't give the best of the news. Anyway, that's the version from the Wufneck Oklahoma native ABC on the other hand. It's said, low gistics and a number of other factors prevented the network from booking Keith for its three-hour long special being hosted by Jennings who is as I said only moments ago. Canadian 8. How will this tune play out? The controversy centers on the lyrics of the end of the song, a tough edge tune that captures much of the patriotism and anger that swept the country and wake of the 9-Leven attacks? You'll be sorry you messed with the US of A cause we'll put a boot in your ass, it's the American way the song says. Keith 40 wrote the song initially titled Angry American, Soon After the Attacks is a tribute to his father, and Army Fetterman lost his right eye to combat training mission as Dad H.K. Coval had died about five months before 9-Leven and taught his boy to be a flag-wave and pick-hit, a good old boy. I was re-language when I saw that second-plane at the tower muddled what my dad would thought about it, and lyrs just fell out of me until CNN was stuck back alive. It just fell out of me. Keith never planned to be cordless song, but when he sang it at the Pentagon, the US Naval Academy in for troops serving in Bosnia, he knew it was his duty as a singer and songwriter to release it. The response was so tremendous I said, hey we're allowed to be angry. I know how angry I was when I saw those towers come down, so this is my way of serving my country. Keith said, and if you want CNN's, we'll have blitz-crig reports. Keith said he's got no plans to discuss publicly-dirrowed gennings, but he was outraged after the network-released at statement, which said the country singer would never have been booked for the show. The statement didn't mention anything about Jennings alleged objections. They're saying this isn't about Lyrre content it is. Now, respect my writers in American to say what I want to say in Jennings can say what he wants Keith told CNN. I should play the audio from the CNN piece now, you know it. Just seeing what see how many times they said, ask. Okay. Yes, country music starts, holy heat is flying high with a new hit song. It's called courtesy of the red-white in blue. But ABC's Peter Jennings apparently finds the lyrics to controversial. His network, he'd keep the boot from a July 4th special. Keith talked all about it to our own wolf blitzer and even played a little bit of this song in question. That'll be his cage, and you'd be sorry that you messed with the US of A. Because we'll put a boot in your ass and play American way. They all could suck up. Tell me, but I've got a lot of things to do. Yeah, we know that. Well, that's the lyrics Jennings reportedly objects to. Now, we did talk to ABC, but the network is actually trying to downplay this controversy. Here is what they're telling us. This is the statement we got from them. Quote, why we have cast a wide net searching for performers and considered adding Toby Keith to the lineup. Unfortunately, a number of factors including logistical ones prevented us from booking him. Oh, but Keith says, they hate exactly the way it happened. All I heard was that it came down from Mr. Jennings that the Lerical content wasn't, would not be performed on them. Because of Lerical content, this song would not be performed on that show. Keith says he wrote the song, Soon After the September 11th, attacks as a tribute to his late topic, too, who is an army veteran. And we've been soliciting emails all morning long, Jack, and most people don't seem offended by the word ass, and they think that ABC should invite Toby Keith to perform. How do you like that? How they're not offended by the word ass? And they only said it 622 times just and I want a little tip there from CNN. And notice how she was chuckling and churling and squeezing your leg, he was loving it. So Peter Jennings, you're an ass hole, and this, another pretty piece of crap is what he is. In fact, I would call ABC like the George Will Network is what I would call it. Probably Robert watches it a lot. The George Will Network. I don't know because he's a right wing asshole. Although he does like baseball. Anyway, I guess that's a, that's supposed to make him more acceptable, the fact he likes baseball. At least he doesn't talk about basketball all the time like our morning show. You know, the Stanley Cup is over. They play off sur over. Red wings when the Stanley Cup third time in six years. Scottie Bowman retires. Nicholas Woodstrom wins the, a consma trophy, most valuable player. Steve Eisman is like I said a real man. But you won't hear about that on a morning show. And don't mess with content on a morning show. You won't know why George? Why? You know what he told me? I am the condo, how fire. That's right. And the wrath of Arthur Brown. Oh, that's on a pool today. And I'm George and I like I said put today's pool together. So we don't have to, you know, go through that pondress long thing, which I'm sure a lot of people get very upset about. All the weed only to care. Yesterday's serving, I gave you the top five. The bugles had 27 just missed out to top five, so they don't survive. Bobby McFerrand don't worry about it. It's all over. They can, hey, they wouldn't be told in there until X-Succa's, okay? When I make my copy, that means it's over. Robert took my vote away from here. They would have won. He voted before I could just because he's an asshole. What do you vote for? Fait no more. Which is fine, but they didn't have a chance. Who? Faith no more end, epic. Oh, it's a good song. It's okay. It's okay. They're a good group, but it's better than Dixie's midnight wine. Everything is. Oh, I'm really upset about it. I'm not upset. Whatever you like you like, if that's the idea of taking a poll, if it was just up to me, I'd just say, hey, here's the best one at one, to a whole time. Anyway, Terry Jack's season's in the sun at 24, which is extremely annoying. The small faces itchy, who parked Debbie Boone and you light up my life or tied with 22. Haha, thank God, she only got 22. She could have been dangerous. The Nicarbocca is in lies, the light grooves in a hard brew and shipply won't talk over the line. Easy beats Friday on my mind all had 19. Shine had O'Connor, nothing compares to you and Faith no more epic and Bismarcky just to friend all had 18. Contourist, you love me in the Baham and who let the dogs out, 17. Lou Vega, Mambo number five. Well, you talk about something that was played not just overplay, but played, I mean, to death. Ka, I mean, it was okay, it was a good novelty thing, but man. And then, like I said, the rocky thing, Bill County going to fly now, 14. Todd, but the best news of it is we can complain about the come on I lean, but the good news is with this crowd. Loast Del Rio and the macaroon that had only 11 tied with the double shot of my baby's love with swing of the dadans and am in pop music. Oh, thank God, the macaroon didn't do well, you know? Take a. How could anybody listen to that? And then that was down at people and I love you had only nine. Most of the ladies at his two at only a cornesley and pretty little angelize had only eight. Only eight votes for a cornesley and we had three songs yesterday that had none that had the big none. Which is scandalous if you ask me, Troy Shondale, and this time silver and Wambang Shangaling. And I even played a little bit of that, I guess, which convinced him not to go forward. And David Dundas and Jean's on. Is that how you pronounce his name? Sure, why not. In fact, let's call up CNN maybe they'll start talking about him. Dundas they'll just say, ask a lot, you know? That's the new thing that CNN. Now if they're saying ask this morning, can asshole be far away? No, probably not. Probably Monday they're going to start saying asshole. I'm seeing it and referring to Peter Jennings of course and they'd be right. See even Robert don't watch Peter Jennings. That Canadian? Yeah, that Canadian. Hey, don't be knocking Canadians, eh? There's a lot of good Canadians, he doesn't have to be one of them. Now what tell us this? What is this crap? Oh, oh, buddy. Buddy, hi, buddy, hope you're, uh, a PD Lenny. Hey, you're not my buddy, okay, PD Go away. Go hang out with DFO. Get away from me please. I'm knowing a very, very annoying guy. I hope this copy is better than the piece of crappy in their last last time for the lights. Well, that was the worst piece of direct. Even Todd Dreck never matched that piece of copy. Hey, you both always done there in ourselves department. You know, so new copy would be nice instead of this stuff that I've been doing for months and months and months on end. You know, you try to do them a favor and you do all their spots for a no matter how a marginally account may be. And then this, uh, then they don't want to give you any copy. That's the, that's the part that frost my faddle as you know it. Even if it's one of the very marginal, you know what I'm talking about. I'm sure. What do you, anyway, so we had a bunch of facts is which we, uh, and I did a lot of homework on this yesterday. It's part of that asshole. So this is the lazy way out taking these pulls. What is that supposed to mean? What's lazy about it? It's a lot of God. They're more not that I'm complaining. And by the way, I think I have a little bit better if I gigged in Jim Mandage. But, you know, nobody, uh, there was a long pause this morning when Mo was pointing out that the mad dogs off again today. And that Joe Rose is doing a show from Hoonus one to three. And he said, well, that's Jim Mandage. Does anybody got a better gig than that? And then you heard a long pause coming from the control room where Robert and the beast were both holding the collective breath. Because God forbid anybody should have shed my name on a show. So I think even the mad dog would agree I have a little bit better gig than he's got. Is there any doubt about that? No. No. Don't mess with the, uh, with the more man because I am the kind of hellfire. Don't burn your ass. Just like Miguel's getting, oh, and by the way, be sure and watch your passions today. Miguel's still lying there in the rain and start making it being held down. And I noticed she had her knee and his nuts yesterday. Oh, zombie chariot. Actually, she's getting ready to rabish him. She had her knee and his nuts. Now, that usually means something pretty interesting about to happen. But anyway, and of course, Timmy still can be found the magic whatever he's looking for there. And all the munchkins are inside that hotel. But that's a bizarre show. If you're under a lot of stress, you've got a lot of pressure. You'll like be sure to watch passions on NBC because it'll make you forget about everything else. Let's see, Dave Loggins, please come to Boston. Good one. Thank you. That's that on a facts. Also, in a big country, by big country. And it says, in the singer's dead, we put that on today, right? Yes, we did. Okay. Thank you. I just want to acknowledge these facts, because we got a lot of times. And I forget about it, Tom. Because I don't see why do they keep saying Ellen Parsons project and games people play? Because they're big. Why do they keep saying that? They don't know. They had the Iron Sky, which was, uh, that could be the greatest song of all time. But I'm not going to lobby for that, because we've already done that pull. Hey, if you're a new to the area, we got a place that you just won't believe. Little Kibos in dear field beach. Oh, if you haven't had the boxcard verbers there yet, you haven't. You just haven't had this experience. We can all relate to that experience. And John still added, flipping gallons of sweat onto the grill as it creates the magic that we call real hamburgers. Remember the awesome taste of white chastle up north years ago? Well, a little Kibos has got something similar, but unique. That's right. With great grill onions, pickles, ketchup, must do they serve models gorgeous, skinny little buns. And little Kibos also serves the Kuni Alan to cut french fries you love. So about hot dogs, the lot kinds of goodies. I'm a great chicken fingers, wings, and chicken sandwiches is too. If you came to Florida, the fish diving will taste the fried fish sandwich. Adrings in a soda and you're out less than cost a feet of family of 20 to third world country. Little Kibos, you didn't draft your or dying under the stars on the patio. Dying under the stars, bringing you on silverware, of course you own, uh, napkins too. Lunch and dinner, seven days a week. Little Kibos open on the weekday. Friday. What is it? Seven days a week, Friday and Saturday, late till 10. Little Kibos is on powerline road. Just south Hillsborough Boulevard in prestigious dear field. I don't care what mommy says about the meat. Hey, look over here. We date at free on sports video 560. You a. It's Friday. You best dude. The following commercial was childishly edited from its original form into our own property version. Any resembling of an actual commercial about this program is purely adolescent in a way Affiliate with the advertiser. But it doesn't think it's laugh. What's the softest bath tissue for your little ones? Not face to. Well mom, fake bad food tissue. Turn on home in my ass. Now there's something new. New softest charm in all. Discover how much something it is. Wow, this feels like I'm wiping myself under the cat. New charm in all. I've pretty wanted 560 WQM. Here's a facts from yesterday. I got a kid to put on all these just to let you know that I didn't read them all and I looked them all up. Besides, they're what I haven't. What did Led Zeppelin put on the top 40 list? This facts a once. No, I guess what? How about besides what? You know the interesting part. The interesting part of it is still way to heaven was never a hit. I right, not on the top 40. No, 40. No, it was an album cut. It was the most famous recording. But it was never a single. Anyway, whole lot of love was their biggest hit reads number four. Immigrants song, black dog, dire maker, trampled underfoot and fooling away in all of these things were hits for Led Zeppelin. And still way to heaven was never a hit. How do you like that? I'll read it. It's just barely 930. We're learning stuff all the way today. Plus we learned that Steve Isamans are real man. Let's see, somebody suggested come on out of my book. Baby by every mother. Some thank you, Mark. It's on our list today. Thank you. Hanson? Forget about it. The cheater by Bob Cupid and the Inman. No, no. Did he spell that right by the way? The Inman or rather? It's close enough. That don't look. Don't start digging with the pool. I reviewed this spelling. I just went over it. It's on. Is it up now official? Or what? Can I vote? Do I have our permission to vote? Yes. I don't know what I'm going to vote for. This is we got some good stuff. Which I'm waiting for the others. Let's see. More made this pretty good. I earn butterfly and it got into Vitas pretty good. A lot of good stuff on here. How about akey breaky hard? I don't think so. I got one for you. You might vote for. I am the call to hell fire. But I don't think so. When I don't want to get more well, I'll be in out of shape. I'm voting for this one. Okay. I'm just going to click on it right now. The poor for today. This is part four. This is part four. This is part four. In our search for the your favorite one hit wonders. Anybody who doesn't like it? Kiss off. Okay. We like it a lot. Anyway, here's a friend from Chicago who says the pulls on mud hit wonders have been great. And you are. Absolutely correct. We agree wholeheartedly. In fact, yesterday I met you to song that the George didn't know. And just happen to show up. What a coincidence. In every other song that I have heard lately. Some fellow gets shot. But I'm looming. And his baby and his best friend both die with him. That's likely a snuck. Poor. And half of the other song. Some kiss cry. Already today. We've lost no star of our happy people. And I'm wondering why let's thank a bottle of it. Just thank a bottle of it. That was on the yesterday. I think. I was on one of the days. Didn't do all that well. But you don't know that song. Let's think about living. Nope. Don't you remember book and blind today. A song parody on that afternoon. 11. Herody. But you didn't know the song. Well, also it's not even I'm 35 yet. And again, you learned something else. I feel in life. Anyway, this fact spread from Chicago says some of the songs have some interest in connections to my team. The white socks. Back in early 70s, Fox. A socks organized Nancy Faust began playing Na Na Hay Hay Good by before the weather sparse crowned to Kamiski Park. The song was mostly unnoticed until 77 when the socks had been picked for last, caught fire. It began drawing large crowds. They caught what? Fire. Fire. I am the kind of hell fire. And I bring you fire. It says the fans adopted Na Na Hay Hay is their theme song. Most usually when the opposing pitcher was hanked or a player was ejected. It still the theme's unofficial theme song. And of course, a lot of other arenas and the stames used that. You know, like at the end or like at the end of the series. Or at the end of a game that's like lopsided. I was at the ballpark the night that were giving me a symbolic gold record of steam. It says who by now had broken up and didn't show up for the awards that they sent some erosots, steam band, and sent a few to play the song. Well, about two bars into it, everybody starts singing and drowned out the poor Grang band. Nancy Faust is another one hit wonder in creative way years later, Luis Palonia, a little dream and I feel over the ankies was erected me fist to hotel Milwaukee with the 15 year old girl. The first time you came to Baton Chicago after his arrest, Nancy played. I fought the law on the law one. Also not a roguess was a rigid line because the panties didn't exist in I guess. Because every time Paul laws wins a fight over the upanthers, they play I fought the law and I remember that. I'm sure Robert remembers. Yes. Number Paul laws. The second time she played you're 16 year beautiful and your mind. Lastly, about the small faces, the lead singer on Ichikun Park was Steve Mirriot, who left to form humble pie with Peter Frantan. Mirriot was replaced by rods steward and Ron Wood. Now the stones and the group was renamed the faces. We're a good friend and interesting crafter, not even 940 and we're learning more stuff. Here's one of from Jeff and Lake Worth who says, what about if you want to be happy for the rest of your life Jimmy Soul, good song, but the only problem is Jeff. You also had a top four he hit called Twister Matilda. But you didn't know that, did you? I did not. Like I said, not even 937 yet and you're learning just tons of crapp on his show. It's shocking to me. It's amazing. Here's one that says midnight at the oasis by Mirriomaldaur. Now I'm Seattle there hits. Jenny by Tommy Tutto never was a hit and Baker Street by Jerry Rafferty, who had several top 40 hits. So sorry, sorry about that. And in the other ones, anybody else who fact me stuff, you'll see the ones that qualified around today's list. Like Benny Mardon is Mirriot says, into the night, a hit twice with the same song. You're right. Number one, two times with the same song. I think only the Kingsman and Louis Louis did the same thing, didn't he? I think you're right. That was released about 500 times. So anyway, let's see Debbie Boone Debbie was on yesterday. She didn't do all that well. Thank God. So I think we can, and then this asshole at, you know, semi-discostic thing about you goofball, you freaking goofball, you know, trying to be clever this chronic effects because I recognize the handwriting. He's using the book. Anybody that's using the book? I got the book right here. Look at around all of these. There's some good songs on here. Like just one look by doors twice. But look at around it. I mean, what the hell is that? He's using a book. Big deal. Are we impressed? No. You're not here. Mr. Bigshaw with his thick and broke. So here's the list from today. Okay. And I'll give him a, oh, we got a few votes on there already. It's on there. Anyorodgers.com. We'll take the top five from each day that we do this. We're going to do it about 600 days. Please. And then we'll, you know, and then we'll put him on there for a final runoff. A spin off. Which of these one hit wonders was the best. Big country in a big country. Iron butterfly and a god in a beta. Autograph. Turn up the radio. The crazy world of authored brown and fire. Count five in psychotic reaction. I bet you I have that on here too. If I can find a guy, damn thing. Oh, Jesus Jones right here right now. Jesus Jones. The elegance little star. Clothing Clark Party Lights. Don and one. What's your name? The Rebels while weekend. The Red Rock and Rebels from Buffalo from Lekawana. Who got screwed over by Joey Reynolds and Tommy Shannon. The Ashante's and Pipeline are the rain drops. The kind of boy you can't forget. Qsakamoto and sukiyaki. Very in the tamarlings and I wonder what she's doing tonight. Johnny Symbol Mr. Bassman. Very annoying song. Keep that in mind. Will we do the pull on the most annoying song about time? But for all. Remember that song Mr. Bassman? They both all over the place. The Jane at Sally go round the roses. Kay Windig and more on verver records. Used to be my theme song back when I was a punk play music. The more made's, classical, high-sicles. Buckner Garcia, Pac-Man fever. Charlie Sexton. Beat so lonely. Kicks don't close your eyes. Veny Mardonis into the night. Van McCoy and a hustle. Musical used pasted Dutchy. Or is that pasted Dushi? Oh, we had one note of Van McCoy that was plenty. Frikey goes to Hollywood relax. Oh, MC. How bizarre. Billy Ray Cyrus. A key breaky heart. That's the only crossover hit. I know all the country and Western people. Because I know he had a million hits. Not on a traditional chart. The Billboard Top 40. Robin Ward, wonderful summer. Twisted Sister. We're not going to take it. Everybody's son, come on down to my boat. Where am I? See, Dave Loggins. Please come to Boston. Robin Ward. I already did that. But that's because they're moving around now. Or any Marisco, shout-shot knock yourself out. Bob Cupid and the in-men. Can we just play that in a minute? The exciteers and tell them, Mark Cohen, Walk in and Memphis, Sir Mixle, A lot of baby get back. Who did they be get back? The, uh, wait. Baby get back. That's a play. Yeah, you're right. Baby got back. Sir Mixle, a lot of House of Pain jump around. A lot of tour people are still having sex. Clotting Clark and party lights. Is that under twice? London beat I've been thinking about you. Chesney Hawks and the one and only and Donna Wong. What's your name? Which I think that's maybe they just moved around a little bit. I hope. I hope they're not under twice because that would be very, very. Wouldn't that be sloppy? Yeah, they're moving around. Yeah, they just moved around a little bit. Okay. Thank you. We got it, Eric. Thanks very much. Good job. 9.40. 1 at 5.60. WCYM. Here's something you ought to get. That's Olio Meta. I've been telling you about it for a hell of a long time. What are you waiting for? More and more people are popping it in their posts and feeling the effects of the benefits of this great product, which is the best easiest way to get the benefits of olive oil in your body and your system. Olio Meta's soft gel capsule. You just pop it in your posts and it contains the best olive oil and money can buy along with some other really good stuff like vitamins and minerals. Or both to the poor would help for all different parts of your body. They have run products, specifically for your prostate. One for your heart for your blood pressure and cholesterol. Olio Meta also has supplements to promote helping your circulatory system. Your digestive and end of your skin and bones. Even your mind, all using the benefits of luck I said, the greatest olive oil, the purest the best that money can buy and Olio Meta's products for men and free release out there as well. Olio Meta's available at more and more locations every day because more and more people want it and the Olio Meta too. Fix them up at Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, Navarro Pharmacy and Sedano. So you can call us toll free number. They'll give you all the information you're looking for about what products they make and what they do for you and where to stick them. Call 1-866-Olio Meta. That's 1-866-O-L-E-O-M-E-D. And don't forget you can order their products right off their website at Olio Meta. Answers. And Kathleen's Q-Night. Sweet legs and 10. Oh, 4-0-5-6-E. Q-A-Night. It's Friday, you best dude. It's gonna be the beginning. Where are you? We got no word. Now. Hey, school! Pick up the beat. Pick up the beat. Pick up the beat. It's not the same kind as now. It's not the same kind as now. Okay, school. Let's get with it. Looks like we got another mystery. We'll show you the all-take of girls this week. Yeah, I know. And school me and me will go the other way. Oh, whoa! Hey, school me's my school. There's a school me's their school. Yeah, that's it. Let's go. I think it's girl-fing. I think it's girl-fing. I think it's girl-fing. Girl-fing, guys. Really? I think it's girl-fing. I think it's girl-fing. You're saying it again. Girl-fing, guys. Really? This is a group we did for us now. Yeah. Why don't you try dancing on it instead of my feet? Oh, no! I don't know if you can try. Oh, no! I don't know if you can try. Oh, no! Oh, no! I don't know if you can try. Oh, no! I don't know if you can try. Oh, no! We're losing control. Just bail on the floor. Hey! Hey, school me! I found the driver phone. Shaggy, get a hold of yourself. Come on, Jack. Let's dance. Let's go. Wait a minute. I think I found the clue. Why don't you think I'm gonna get him and not free-be-boys? Not even us. We'll be snucked. Well, almost. Yes. Don't screw me, girl. You don't be got a mystery. This house was stupid. You made it all your act. Don't hold back. It's gonna be too if you come through. You're gonna have this house to be, yeah. Let's go be, yeah. Hey, school, pick up the beat. I'm thinking this mystery is really close to being solved. We can try, we can do it. What? Hey. Let's try. You're gonna be scared. I think it's really close. I think it's really close. Why don't we try, take a look at the room. We're really, we got a room. We got a room, we got a sulla. If we're brain should be in height, you're now. Oh no. That's when you're brain should be in height, you're now. You're going to be real. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. You're going to be real. It's true, you need to find the tracks. You're all set to go. It's true, you need to find the tracks. You're all set to go. 948-562 WDQ-I-M. You know, this Nancy's an actor thing. Haven't we been through this already before? Yeah, we have. So I just thought I'd factor. So you could tell them. Scott says, Nancy's an actor. These boots were made for walking. Well, guess what? I mean, you write off the bat everybody remembers something stupid with the Nancy and Frank. But she also had, how does that to grab you darling, Fridays, child, sugar town ripped off from the McGuire sisters? Love eyes. A whole bunch of them. So get out of here with Nancy's an actual, okay? Ball though everybody remembers something stupid. But Nancy and Frank, piece of crap. Also Ben just doesn't want to give up. Ben, quit by you behind, okay sweetheart? You're going to miss me was a hit in 1966 by he facts me the same facts yesterday. By the 13th floor elevator was pretty cool. Well guess what? Hey, Ben, I think your house Ben, but wasn't in any place else. And the only version of that that was it was by Connie Francis, which I'd be kind of embarrassed to admit then. And then he's got a list of other ones on here like six of them, one of which is Robin Ward, wonderful summer, which we put on today. All the other ones have got like either they, we're never hitting the first place or they had more than one and do not qualify as well. Sorry Ben, give up while you're behind. Here's one of the most broadest stories. Have you seen this about the teacher that beat the kids with a broom? No, I did not. New York. New York police arrested a substitute TGS day for allegedly attacking 19 of his first grade pupils with a broom handle. First grade, that's like six years old, right? Uh, five, six. Value Nune is 57 last time after losing control of the class, police postman Sergeant Gregory Harold said he faces assault charges. He smacked my daughter mother to Shannon's sapset. He smacked her so hard that he knocked her earring out of her ear. What does a five-year-old kid or six-year-old kid do with an earring in a rear anyway? Comment. SAF told WCBS to be that Nune is beat one child with a back of a broomstick. He broke it and then hit him. These are babies. What gives him the right to hit our kid, SAF said the children were treated in the hospital and released authority said. A woman at Nune is his home identified herself as his wife and said he had been a substitute teaching for two years and that she was shocked by the assault accusations that will we would not provide her name for obvious reasons. A board of education spokeswoman did not return phone calls and, no further information about the incident was immediately available. Nobody's talking. I think we ought to take him out in the guide by the woodshed and just beat the crap out of him. In fact, let the kids stone him would be a good idea. Is now what it says in the Bible something about the substance of teachers who are like disobedient and beat up the kids should be surely stone to that. Doesn't it say that? Pretty sure it says that. 951 at 560 WCWM I'll tell you one thing, anybody goes out there and waste a lot of time and effort trying to buy a new mattress. They also must be stone. Because mattress shopping is a total waste of time running all of a time in your car, wasting a lot of gas getting all sweated up or maybe like a being out there in a pouring rain. How's it all out of luck today? By the way, speaking that. Great. Bleak. Grim and bleak. Can I hear now it's kind of grim and bleak because they know the rumors are coming this weekend. Anyway, if you want to get you a great mattress, do what I always do. Just sit there and matter what the weather is outside and make one easy phone call and they come to you. That's right. 1800 mattress. Remember, you're immediately connected to the next preventive consultant who's only job is took you up with a kind and the brand of mattress that you're looking for. A twin a king a queen whatever you need and of course the top winds in the world sort of silly Simmons King coil extra fur, extra soft whatever way you like to sleep. So do yourself in your back a humongous favor and your pocket book too because they have everyday low prices that are unbeatable. Call 1-800 mattress, they'll be there and when it's convenient for you, any two hour one other you pick any day, seven days a week and you also get it unbeatable. Every day in humcompet gear and T-Sug and test your mattress the only smart way by sleeping on it. So whatever you do don't be stupid when you go and buy a new mattress, do the smart thing by making that one easy call the video and no time at all. 1800 mattress, that's the number to call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S or check them out of that wicked worldwide weather. Johnny Darks and A-Sard. You won't be waking up to Brian Gumball anymore. What is he going to do next? And how does his beautiful fiancee, Harry, feel about his clock? Tonight he gives us his exclusive private story. Why did you leave the morning, you sure? I told CBS that this was it. CBS. CBS. Yeah. CBS. One of the things that may have hurt Gumball's popularity especially with women was his highly public bit of divorce from his wife of 27 years, June. In fact, Brian Gumball has found a new woman to share his life with. Not long after he separated from your wife, you began appearing in public with a new woman. Harry Clinton. Yes. Let's meet Gumball. Okay. I'm delighted to be here and CBS. So the big question. Did you worry? They cut that marriage. Yeah. That's a big one. That's a big one. I see why not. Why not? Follow from one end to the other. How did I do this? How did I wind up taking that break so early? I must be a little off my feet today. Or I'm just trying to get ahead of myself. Maybe I like to eat that early. I do want to say this. Mad Dog said on, was it yesterday we had the baseball game or Wednesday? In the afternoon. Dressed at me. Was Wednesday. And I forgot to mention this. If somebody would have called him, he would have taken me up by the offer to the extra have power. You mean he wasn't listening? And he was very appreciative of that. Huh? No, he was not listening. No. When is house? Do you think he'd be listening in his house? No. You listen to the radio through this station in your house? No. You need to listen to the station in your car, Mr. So what are you talking about? I would release that show. At least I appreciate the fact that the acknowledged my very generous offer and said he would take me up on it. And he's okay in my book. He's right. He asked me. Hear me DJ's favorite song. This is called Take her Crap Music Baby. Seven and a half minutes long. Hear me morning DJ. I just love the playlist right out of the box. But I knew it. Because early in the morning, I come running in the middle of a lake. You slap this on and then scream. Wasn't it ever late to tell us, girl? I mean if you can't do it in seven and a half minutes. Forget about it. At an extraordinary meeting on the sex scandal that shaken a Roman Catholic church US bishops to vesteptour a zero-prolance parliament. Oh by the way, WQM I'm here for a lot of deal. See I'll screw that all up there. It's all right. Close it up. At an extraordinary meeting on the sex scandal that shaken the Roman Catholic church US bishops took a step toward a zero-tolearned policy for pedophile priests after scrapping a proposal and would have kept some abusive clergy in the ministry. Bishops met in a closed-door session until late yesterday as they crafted a plan that was not likely to soap will end the crisis that seemed dismissal of resignation of over 250 accused priests in January for a bishops have also stepped down. Final legislation was to be approved today, progress considered unprecedented for a church that often debates issues for years, but then, of course, is scurrying to try to cover it up and make it look good. Last week's initial draft proposed that a priest would be used one minor in the pass could be re-assigned to a parish, though only if he utter went counseling was examined by a review board of the Greek Supervision and publicly disclosed his misconduct. Cardinal Francis George of Chicago said it would be unacceptable to allow abusive pre-to-continue with parish work. That sounds as if you can do it once and no one would pay attention to he said. You see, if I can interject this thought in here again because it's very, very important and can't be said too many times, what we have here is the church making a law. Which is totally unacceptable. To any like law-biting citizen, the church can't decide what the punishment should be. The punishment should be up to the, you know, civil authorities. You pass it along to the police, not them through the Rassen jail, which is where child molasses belong. Archbishop Harry Flynn of St. Paul and Minneapolis head of the drafting committee indicated this left two options, strict zero tolerance, ousting any pre-found guilty of abuse, or a slightly less strict policy of the sort advocated by Cardinal Thedor McCurrick of Washington, D.C. who's one of the real apologists and assholes. McCurrick is suggested allowing some older men guilty of one past misdeed to remain technically in the pre-to but living in close confinement kept out of perishes and barred from celebrating public masses, in other words, keep like in the closet. A less contentious aspect of last week's proposal on our future act of molestation would result in expulsion was expected to be retained today. Yesterday's meeting came after a highly dramatic opening in which Bishop Wilton Gregory President of the US Conference of Visions, bluntly acknowledged that the Visions mistakes helped cause this scandal. Log Gregory has repeatedly apologized for the Bishop's role in the crisis, his remarks yesterday were perhaps his most direct yet. We are the ones who chose not to reproach the criminal actions of priest to the authorities, because the law didn't require this, he said, where the ones who worried more about the possibility of scandal and bringing about the kind of openness that helped prevent abuse. Bishop's also revict him's tell how pain permeated their lives, Michael Blan of Chicago told of joining the priesthood, but leading after trying to persuade church leaders to take action against his molester. The priesthood lost me, but kept the perpetrators at Blan, as psychologists who were with victims in the Chicago large dices. Gregory once again told victims he was sorry for the pain they suffered, and further asked forgiveness from the faithful priests's reputations of in Mard by the misconduct of a few, as he said, right, a few. He also asked Bishop's will guilty of abuse to turn themselves in to Vatican authorities. How much after the police would be good, huh? Yeah, and said to let in the Pope and his arrangement over their cover it up. One of the leaders hardest hit by the scandal, Boston's Cardinal Bernard Law, had plans to apologize to his fellow Proletz at his spokesman Donna Marisi. The National Crisis began when Boston Court documents revealed that law allowed a pedophile priest to continue to serve. That's father Gagan for those who haven't been keeping track. Outside the hotel with the meeting was being held about 50 people protested, the church's handling of abuse cases, about 150 people later attended an evening prayer service that started with the song, Healing River. An opening prayer included the line, failure hearts of your faithful people gathered here, and the hearts of our Bishop's gathered in earnest deliberation. Right. After the Bishop's approval for reform policy today, they depend and take up a second document, listing norms or key provisions that affect church law in America. I wonder if norm can't go beyond that list. These require Vatican approval to become binding on all U.S. Dicees since each Bishop answers to, well, not the Bishop's Conference, otherwise the policy would remain a mere gentleman's agreement. Flynn said there was no time this week to spur a third document that would spell out details on ousting priests that are waiting till the Bishop's November meeting he said. Victims in Independence caucuses meeting here pressed for a further radical demand that U.S. church leaders lobby Rome to remove Bishop's who keep abuse of clergy on duty while ignoring warnings. They're seeing little prospect that they filed a document would endorse that idea, thanks to much sense. The King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the king of the King ofrimmed forces and then forced bombers to go to explore the Cal Dynasty who Wednesdayed Lubbock-Thyases, which in 1998 allowed him to minister in a hospital called the Covenant Health System, the hospital's affiliated with a Children's Medical Center. Yesterday, the local Lubbock-Paper reported that Eramido took a leave of absence from his chaplain duties after Bambock found in this past March. I felt that's what I should go public because I feel that we're not going to remove them said Bambock-Thyase7. I felt the best chance I had of saving kids was to tell their parents about him. If they weren't going to remove him, then I would do it. He said, that's what he wants to talk to Egan about, once a priest is ordained by the Archdiocese of New York, he remains their property regardless of where they were signed. The same principle applies to all child-molistened priests of the New York area diocese, whom melt in the society only to resurface again, ready for action. Eramido got in trouble in 1991 when Bambock told the Archdiocese of New York about the sexual abuse that began to be with 15 and an aspiring priest. The late Cardinal O'Connor removed Eramido from Holy Cross and suspended him a few years later Bambock-Thyase7, who was working at a Westchester County Church and later with a church in Atlantic Collins, New Jersey before he split town. Joseph's ruling and Archdiocese spokesman ignores Eramido was among 3 dozen priests whose names were handed over to the area district attorney. And as Wilning said the diocese of Lubbock was aware of Eramido's troubles in New York and decided to let him preach anyway. Eramido did not return a call for a comment. Bishop Rodriguez said he was unaware of the allegations against Eramido and had taken him on where they recommendationed from Cardinal O'Connor. White-Sdug Montero in today's New York Post. Oiii! Who the hell are they, kiddin' huh? They knew all about it, they kept cover and slipped it out of the carpet and moving them all around in the... And they like a city for maybe they were sharing and I'm going to be there giving tips and firm members. Herald reports parish knew rally to back their pastor and of course this always happens. Every single time. Remember the rabbi up there and voker the child master? Filming all the people. All the people in his shoes said, oh, couldn't be rabbi sminger whenever he was name was. Couldn't be him. He's a wonderful upstate while was him. This happens because the flakka brainwashed. At times holding hands at times wiping away tears, hundreds of parish knew flakta same brian cataly church yesterday to show their faith in their long time pastor the Reverend Jose Nixie, who was accused of sexually abusing an altar boy 20 years ago. Those who attended the evening mass followed by a rosary service and a procession that circle the Westchester church said their belief in Nixie's innocence is unshakable. I can't see a same printed without father Nixie said Jose Losa choking back sobbs in a back pew. A 30 don't don't play that damn rather thing. Okay, that would be in bad taste. You know the one I'm talking about? Yeah, that one. choking back tears in a back pew. A 30 year member of the parish Losa said his two sons were altar service at the time the alleged abuse took place. We are all standing behind him as a family he said. Nixie 55 is one of the most prominent priests to be suspended in South Florida since they clergy sex abuse scandals spread across the country earlier this year. After of St. Brendan since 1982, Nixie has helped build one of the earliest largest perishes with a congregation of numbers 4,500. The Archdiocese of Miami placed Nixie on administrative lead June 4 after receiving a complaint from the man now in his mid 30s who accused the priest of arresting him when it was a 15 year old saint Brendan altar boy. The man's lawyer shoved Stephen said he plans to file suit next week against Nixie, the Reverend Ricardo Castellano's 56 who accused the most in the same man and three others and the Archdiocese too. The fourth priest of in suspended while a lay panel appointed by Archbishop Favillara Investigates, depending on the outcome the priest could be reinstated or removed. The Archdiocese recently confirmed that 12 priests have been suspended over retired since 1998 because of past sex abuse complaints. Nixie's attorney Doug McIntosh of Orlaterdale said the allegations against his client are baseless. Are we going to fight them? Absolutely yes, MacIntosh said. Are we going to preserve his good name? Absolutely yes. The faithful of St. Brendan say they have the same resolve. On behind him a hundred percent said Pablo Favillara, Favillara, plenty getting a man of sign on the front of the church that read, we support Father Nixie. Said Marie Favillara, who's two children attend the church elementary school and are altar servers, there is no substance to this. There's only dollar signs to this. Favillara said she's disconcered by what she described as a lack of information from the Archdiocese. We're generally disappointed by the lack of support the Archdiocese is given to Father Nixie into the parish, she said. Nixie didn't attend yesterday's service. She's been temporarily replaced by the same friend of the associate pastor, the Reverend Charles Peterman. If yesterday's man, the Reverend Francis, the Francis, go Calderon, read a letter from Mixing to the parish. The allegation is totally unfounded, read the letter, Jane, dated June 5th. I'm shocked and dumbfounded, but not painful. I forgive my accuser. He said. Oh man, he forgives his accuser. And that nice? Yeah, sweet. That's pretty wide of him. I'd say. Oh look at this rock and run. He's an asshole. Lonesenian, more of his facts is okay. Rock and run in Medley's a major asshole. I think something to do with those under about music. Hey, guess what? We don't take instructions on how to do the show. I'll talk about what everything I want to talk about. Everybody in your brother wants to hear about the goddamn Catholic Church and his scandal. It's time to have a damn mashed potato. Oh speaking to mashed potatoes, how about Dini Sharp? Now she had more other. Yes. Now look at this. We got a battle going on here for Medley. I thought it was going to be like Iron Butterfly in a runaway. Didn't you? In a God of Divina? That's what I voted for. 16 votes. Yeah, it's great song. Mr. Hollywood relax in 11. Big country in a big country eight. Twisted in sister. We're not going to take it. God of four. Billy's Ray Cyrus, achy, breaking heart. He didn't have an foe. The elegance little star. That's what I voted for. We got three. Now let's see. Oh you know what we don't have under yet. We'll get it on there next time. Next time we do this. Like maybe Monday or whenever I feel like it. Set. What is this? What is this? I don't know. Oh, it's Al Wilson. There's nothing worse than a half frozen snake. I'll tell you that. Except maybe like a totally frozen snake. Connecticut courts held high to abuse. George says, a Connecticut superior court judge accused the state judiciary this week of longstanding complicity in the vices of Bridgeport's efforts to keep hidden from the public the extent of clergy sexual abuse including a church cover up which the judge said is at the heart of the scandal. In a written opinion released late Wednesday, Judge Robert, away to hear this name. Are you holding on to all sides of your seats? Strap it. In a written opinion released late Wednesday, Judge Robert F. McWiny criticized what he called a judicial model of cooperation with the vices is endlessly in endlessly delaying litigation, stealing files and co-ourcing victims into non-eslosure settlements. Isn't that what they call hot dogs at McDonald's? In extraordinary language, that another sold hot dogs at McDonald's. That would be a good name for it though would it be? How come get your McWiny? Yeah. McDeath McWiny. In extraordinary language ended the Connecticut appellate court which is delayed his order that seven boxes of secret documents be made public. McWiny declared that it is indefensible morally as well as legally to get the documents under court seal. Even the delay he said precludes any time live indication of any public right to access this compelling information. Compelling information said McWiny. In this week's opinion and an May 8 order that the records of 23 subtle lawsuits become public, McWiny hint that the documents will be damaging to the church. If his order is appelled on the records may cause further problems for Cardinal Egan, whose headed the Bridgeport Dysies for 12 years, until he was elevated to watch Bishop of New York in 2000 and a little noticed footnote to his May 8 decision. McWiny referred to one case not yet publicly reported. He wrote that one of the defendant priests following at least two complaints of sexual abuse of minors and the diagnosis of chronic schizophrenia paranoid type was devoted to the position of pastor. While so engaged he was accused of further incidents of child sexual abuse. What a shock. What a surprise, huh? God. Thank you Reverend McWiny or whatever had your name is. That is that it. You're right. That is a good idea. How come they don't sell hot dogs if fast food joins? Have you ever asked yourself that question? I have. And I don't know. I don't know the answer. Does anybody like a nice winy every now and then? Every now and then? Speaking of that, speaking of winy joined a big dog Joe Rose one to three today for his life broadcast at Houdis and Pembert Pines. Marlins outfield are cliff-floidably on hand signing autographs along with the QM prize patrol. Plus, meet the beast and Billy the Marlin. He'll be on hand velocity. I'm balancing for my cold to be a start in this year's mid-summer class. If he all start games when I think they call it, so come out through to his Pemberpines vote for Michael O'Lin 2002. Hang out with your friends from QA, M.N. Joe Rose too. Well, he's like kind of from QA, you know, every now and then. Like today with Mad Dog, he'll sometimes think anybody in the world's got a better deal in Mad Dog. Except maybe, except maybe Mrs. Mad Dog. From an attempt to 10 at 560, WQN if you want to sensational me a little truly outstanding restaurant. One that's been voted for the past 14 years in a row, one of Broward's best. Here's the place Amidillo Cafe. Used to be on David Road extension in a very unapplusive look in place, and because it became so big and famous and they had to well get a great location, bigger and better than ever. And that's in the piece of La Pasa on University Drive in David, between Griffin and 595 right beyond Piora and inport there. With loads of loads of feet parking and complimentary ballet parking too. The food at Amidillo is out of this world mouth watering. Start out with appetizers like the Tequila Grilled Shrimp with corncakes, the Tempura Island Princess Kong. Their spinach salads are sensational with glazed pecans, pistachio-crusted mozzarella salad with lemon-based aldressing. And what's that word at Chipotle? Chipotle. Now what do they have to Chipotle? What is that in? Jars? No, no, that's one of those salad. Hygroponic arugula with honey-dutto-potle dressing. And you know something, I think the door maybe is a jar. And the entree is man prepared with the best and freshest ingredients. Try the pancier de la Tale snapper with roasted peppers or the sea bass with sweet corn and geoglaise. Lots and lots of great entree. The likes of what you've never seen. That's just your pedestrian stuff and for dessert. Speaking of not just pedestrian, the best clam brulee in the history of mankind and warm chocolate for this covered in hot fudge which I can't wait to try. Call the Amidillo Cafe for reservations at 9.54. 4.2399.54. Be sure to tell that Neil sent you by for an unbelievable moon. Why not try this weekend? 9.54. 4.2399.54. The astonishing Amidillo Cafe in the... Fires up in peace for its I was gonna clean my room until I got hot I was gonna get up and find the room but didn't I got hot I was gonna go to class Before I got hot, come on, you're gonna I could've seen it and I could've passed But I got hot I got hot, I'm telling the next room, Mr. And I know why, why, why, why, why, why Because I got hot, because I got hot Because I got hot, because I got hot I was gonna go to court, you know, but why got hot I was gonna pay my child support But then I got hot, you know what I think that I'm a whole paycheck And I know why, why, why, why, why Because I got hot, because I got hot Because I got hot, because I got hot I got that that that that that I wasn't gonna run from the class But I was hot, I'm serious, man I was gonna pull right over and stop But I was hot I was gonna pull right over But then I got hot, I'm gonna pull right over And stop But then I got hot Because I got hot, because I got hot I was gonna make love to you That's what I'm saying I was gonna teach you what I'm saying Now I'm Jackin' of AAAAAAAA! And I know the way! Here, here, here, here, here, here I come! No, you can't! I can't let go... No, mate, don't, you can't let go! Girl, I miss a lil' one inside, it like you! Negro! You gotta last my key, is it right? A girl who i've got to say what I say would say nice little? No, say bin on the sidewalk, can i know why Why doing big wrestling guy? Because I got him, because I got him La la ta ta ta, almost stop singing Because I'm hard Baby, baby, I'm singing this whole thing Rollin' like a drum-harm We got him, he better I ain't gonna do that, I'll see a one-cap How no, why me, you, hey, come on, hi Come on, hi, come on, hi Oh, you, hey, don't be a liar, don't be a liar That's 10, I don't wanna be a liar That's 10, I don't wanna be a liar That's 10, I don't wanna be a liar What are your tax dollars when you hear this? From Newy's Day The authorities cleared out raids in Southern California Across the country in the West Italy Stoony-toothed suspects yesterday And it cracked down on Mexico's biggest drug gang The Ariana Felix Cortel Oh, that's her, baby We're doin' it Appoison that's affecting our children's been removed from the streets And LA Police Chief Martin Palmerway The Ariana Felix organization is believed to have Ship tons of cocaine in marijuana To the border city of Teoana And under the distributors of California in the Midwest Over the past two decades It's also believed we've been behind more than 300 murders The raids in the US cleared out by federal state and local officials To place at 30 locations in Southern California As well as in New York, Arizona, Minnesota, Connecticut 30 Those arrested included one call us, I'm sorry One, Ramon, saying difference Comeacho and Rosario Ruyarte Who are led to the victims of the LA drug trafficking operations This graffiti attorney Steve Cooling said The raids that had 32 West and a 38 other people Main did large Mexico's attorney general said this week that the gang Remains strong despite the death of top and force Ramon, Ariana, or Felix who shot by police and February And the capture of Muffaloid of his brother Still remains strong And you know what, it's a, well, what's the point? You know what I'm gonna say What are you gonna say? In the world of money drugs, drugs, and cops The basic thing is always the same But favorite methods of breaking a lot Do tend to change his CBS A West announced Wednesday by the US and Colombia Through a sharp spotlight on the latest wrinkle in the heroin trade US and Colombia authorities have charged 25 people with drug conspiracy For allegedly smugglery in closed, soaked in liquid heroin A 30 say up to 20 kilograms of heroin With a street value of $3 million was brought into the US Every month it's October of 2001 James Colme, US attorney for the Southern District of New York says heroin has made a big comeback in the US drug scene With Colombian producers taking over the East Coast market From the southeast and the southwest Colme called the drug ring smashed by the west One of the most powerful and most dominant in the world The west were the result of a six month investigation by the DEA And Colombian national police The indictment charges that drugs were allegedly soaked in the garments Or hidden in luggage with false compartments Couriers including US defendants and smuggled a heroin through south and central For distribution in New York In Miami Houston, Philadelphia, and Boston Court of the indictment One courier was caught made 29 smuggling 55 pounds of heroin So clothing and a heasted indictment says The smugglers allegedly used a chemical to reduce the heroin Deliquid form and get the clothing in the fluid Extracted drug, the clothes were laid assoaked in another liquid chemical Which evaporated in left and out cotix The heroin apperation was allegedly based in peruacolumbia where the drugs were brought Here's somebody who had a send this letter to the ACU This is the person, did you read this? Yeah, it is the person To show you what a religious fanatic country most of you are living in Those of you who live in the US of A From who in in robber who, for obvious reasons, blocks out his last name, which I'm a plumber To Howard Simon of the ACU he writes, my name is Robert I'm an American citizen born in Miami Florida and served my country in operation Does it storm? Today was the first time in my life I've ever been embarrassed to be an American My wife is from England, she's living here for five years The first opportunity she had she turned in her paperwork and $295 To become a citizen She studied hard for her testimony, submitted all the paperwork that was called for Including the written letter explaining that she wanted to affirm Instead of so healthy God on her authicitism ship She came out of her woman tears because the person testing her and a supervisor At the 77 Southwest fifth three office of an immigration in Miami Said that the exception to the oath was only for Jehovah's Witnesses And that her status was now pending some middle of paperwork that requires a letter From her church leader, etc. When I gave the oath to die from my country if need be I was allowed to affirm Why is this not the case for someone applying for citizenship? What upset her the most was that the study test had the question What is covered by the first amendment and a few lines later Who's writes are protected by the constitution? The answer to the letter being both citizens and non-citizens alike She is spent the afternoon in tears and keeps pointing out that had she been a Christian She would be a citizen right now but because she's an atheist she was denied I don't know if I could find a better example of religious discrimination if I tried We are both offended and I'm ashamed of what happened today And we're like any help you could provide Mr. Simon. Thank you to the fans. Hope that how it's time is able to help me with so the God damn pastures. Okay Howard. So they're asked Funch a bull crab Just like John asked, I'm getting up there a couple of months ago I'm making those outrageous disgusting this for a disgraceful comments About how Islam you know how we recognize Islam and anybody who believes in God I mean in Jews and Christian but of course not anybody who's not part of those three religions So not just only atheist and agnostic but anybody who's like seven-day Adventists Buddhists, Hindu, you name it. You're a bunch of animals anyway According to John asked craft attorney general. This is the mentality you're dealing with It's called a bunch of our viznagrams what you deal with. And forcing civil rights laws. Yeah, what do you know about that Mr. Who the hell's he kidding? He's on there right now. What is robot? Helping to disable. Look at how look on his post. You can see it right now over his face. Can't you go to see it right now channel 54. Check a look at that post. What was Alfredi Newman heirs? Dangerous. These stands for dumb and stands for dangerous. Anyway, who's the facts about the let's see something in here by ThundercLab moment? You know something that it is a great song. Then you vote for that the other day. I was on it. Yeah. Of course we had that. It said was used at the post at the moment. The magic Christian starting Peter Samosrino star. You'll better. Someone's might seem to break out lost. Or must we go to the ambulance? Great song. Because that sound. And they hear. We can't take it. We can't let someone away from. Because we're alone. And you know what's right. I'm too lonely. I'm too lonely. It's right. We have come together. I sure hope you said the thing from yesterday because I think I should have the thing the list. The list. The results. Yeah. I didn't print it up yet. Well, the results. Oh no. Would that be a disaster or what? Oh, it's still in the garb eyes. You didn't hear it in there, did you? Ah. How could I do that? That's what happens when you got too much cramply. And I'm trying to find like a spot. Which I haven't. A spot on top of my computer screen here. But I just think I might as you mean. Just in case. Just tell Eric just stand by. Okay, stand by for news and the bad news is I think I should make it. I was lucky to see how many votes I got under your state of Thundercraft. No, not many. Not a not many. Iron butterflies got 20. Frankie goes to Hollywood relax 15. Big country in a big country 11. Twisted Sister. It's a three horse race so far. 27 past 10 at five 60 WQM. Audio sample to diners out there. But it's only for a long time about the lights of voice. About their cut of a selection of acchan products and low carb foods. How can sample every product before you find how the stores extended hours from Monday till Sunday till 10 p.m. Also, tell me about the nouns of a friendly staff. Some of them are even fat. And those should all be reasonable to shop at the lights, right? Well, guess what you wrong. Because the lights of a store can carry all acchan's brands of foods. Snatching supplements and the lights tell them to you for 25% off. Every acchan's item every day. Don't need any coupons or no limits on quantity. No fine printer to explain. Just 25% off on all acchan products all the time. By the pace or by the case 25% off. And the lights offer every day discounts on hundreds of low carb items like carb-like chalk that bars. And champion light sports drink. Remember there's only one you like to buy. By the way, speaking of champion light sports drink. Yeah, see any? See any of it up here? No. I just mentioned that. Stop ID lights of voice booker. There's only one the original on the northeast corner of blazing 441 in Voka. Call them toll free at 1-877-Lokarber-CM on the web at lowcarb.com. Why do they don't forget to try their great tasting carb-olite ice cream too? That's the light of West Voka you're official. So, what on? Is your plan for the series of sports for you five to five? She way in. Yeah, get ready. Hey. I got four. I got ten. Hey. I got four. I got ten. I got ten. Hey. I got four. I got ten. I only need one. I got nine. I got ten. I got ten. I got ten. I got ten. I got ten. I got ten. I got ten. I got ten. I got ten. I got ten. I got ten. I got ten. I got ten. I got ten. I got ten. I got ten. I got ten. I got ten. I got ten. I got ten. I got ten. I got ten. I got ten. I got ten. I got ten. I got twenty. I got ten. I got ten. I got ten. The picture always tasted the same. It would probably taste soup. That dough tastes better. I did not use that much cream to finish it all. It was softer texture like this. I guess. It looks no  and tasty. It looks smoother. But it is corn souffle. I'm not sesous. But it baked in the oven. When the butteries, it is tastier. Anyway, I got nine. I'm gonna take some time to deal with my needle where I see my life off over and over the key wheel, I'll write over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over during that and over and closing down guys again this time the letter the lawyer properly a Recht i was wrong anyway because the class in only two war century 2000 set up yeah l.a. one and a song too but uh... i mean that's better than thunderclab newman no something in the year mungo jury in the summertime be did up by one vote you see there's something i really pisses off about that because some of you got tasting your back home ass anyway getting back to uh... the comments in here in the vh one you can go at cvh one's top hundred one hit wonders on the vh one whatever the hell of a website is which i'm assuming it's vh one dot comments at it i would have said robber yeah anyway uh... come on i lead by this is midnight runners which came first in our poya state pretty handy it says singer kevin rollin and his British musical collective dressed in dungeries and megal genres like rock and cell Celtic soul but nobody expected this single who's sing along course overwhelmed the dollar lit at the local perspective to knock michael jackson's billy gene off the number one spot 83 so knocked off michael jackson so we like it already you bet and one is to the hands down your pants speaking of hands down your pants here's a distressing story back home a one i think it's a funny story it's a great story booming how i'll abama just a kind of place you expect us to wear like this to happen think that it's out huh robber found that thank you robber well this is from fox so you know it must be amusing a woman and rage that are boyfriend attack him with the utility knife and nearly cut off all of his buttocks leading a new death in a dark role role to prosecute us at Tuesday we've heard of people have an europeanist cut off like john way and bobbed another but this is the first time i think i've ever heard of it as somebody getting his buttocks his ass chopped off i think maybe it's no coincidence that cnn is saying ass every other word that it would at story about uh... peter uh... gennings i think maybe it's all ass week you've heard of ass wins day maybe it's just like ass week just wanted peace of ass the injuries were so severe investigators initially believed the victim was sexually tortured and dragged behind a car in a possible hate crime the man is not fully described what happened to police but they said they believe his girlfriend acted alone she was arrested when they in charge of the attempted murder i mean we've heard of ax murderers before she could have been like the first ass murderer the gruesome nature of the injuries is almost mind-boggling said this to tell you christma cool with the trauma of the attack how do you talk about that well i don't know kimbali king twenty six of alice bill of jail would i've failed this ain't right she told a TV news crew as she was arrested king didn't have a lawyer through the this ain't right she said king and a boyfriend and a barmus and stipulate saturday or at least some they may call said they left separately after an argument police that she put up behind his vehicle and isolated highway near alice bill under which he pulled up on his rear and began stabbing him with a large knife when he fell she got down on him and just started cutting the cool said the victim rob me uh-huh you see what his name is just the victim rob me outlaw twenty five again caught his knife sometime later and real about nine miles nine that the nearest told me rean hospitalized Thursday alice bill about eighty miles southwest of booming him so there's the first guy we ever heard is on the verge of death because his echo ask out chopped off boy twenty four votes for iron butterfly in a god of the video for any of the sad part of it is we don't have any of these the top four under now i just mentioned that in passing a bride yeah iron butterfly in a god of the video twenty four frecky goes to hollywood seventeen big country in a big country eleven twisted sisters got in yine and van McCoyne hustles got seven we didn't uh this didn't make the cut today we'll have to put it on a future one walk in any votes because it's old and whatever i mean how could that not get a lot of what's not on your yet don't panic but they won't you work my words because they don't know from an i think ten thirty seven and five sixty w camele got jowels at hooters for the mad dog today one to three is there anybody in the world with a better gig than the mad dog uh three o'clock at tank in the studio with a short and show because you got marlins on drek at six thirty marlins against the Tampa Bay devil raised at pp park seven or five that i any k after the ball game in jormark over night to the sick bush it be a gigantic bunch of clouds for that series this week and uh for the devil raised and i hope that says Tampa Bay devil raised on here didn't they drop finally the devil from the name or my wrong about that rubber i think it's just the raised yeah those uh yahu's over there in Tampa they had a uh Schmidt fit the first uh season or two because that devil thing yeah all those voodoo people over there and they said oh we don't want to devil in our name and so they drop devil from the name and not just the temper and nobody still got shows up and there's still like eight games under five hundred they still suck this is a sequel to a story we gave uh several days ago that like uh had a you know kind of interested but the bad news is nicks and white house council john dean had been all set to lay out his latest theory about the identity of the mysterious watergate tips are who helped top of a presidency this Monday coming up Monday but online magazine salon dot com and promised the nipple at the 30th anniversary of the June 1772 watergate burglary john dean and salon dot com along master meal dethrote well now it seems maybe not being says his deep through it information has been adamantly denied and editors are making last minute changes in the 40 thousand word ebook what's happened is as the field is narrowed the nails have become much more forceful but there were only x number of people out there were confulling that the clothes you could have been deep through the until the ap salon dot com managing editor Scott Rosenberg said he's still aiming for Monday publication date for the ebook but he admitted what began as a project to remove the veil for one of America's greatest political mysteries has become more complex in recent days the book has changed and they continue to change he said the idea was to publish dean's theories is an ebook available to paint subscribers providing a financial booth to the struggling internet company i'm trying to share as much like as possible on the steward's deep throat i have a lot of information dean said he would not provide for the details because that would be bad for business the insert the hundred twenty seven days in prison for his part of the watergate scandal after testifying before the senate about president Nixon's efforts to cover up a break in at the democratic national committee headquarters Nixon branded him as a traitor after the testimony years ago dean the in watergate prosecutor errol j silver and Nixon chief of staff Alexander m. haigas potential deep throats both men and others did vastly of denied it was not supposed to be bothered with was guided by the slaw of secret source and call the car burns didn't have never revealed the truth to identity would were said he'll remain mum until the throat died so if you're looking for a Monday to gain the inside that i don't know i have a research site about that are you yeah i couldn't kill i'd rather than know who killed cock robin you know some like that something important ten forty twenty four eleven five sixty w humankind of a murky friday we got a casher store coming up for that jimmy carters should do a lot of good owner didn't know same will crap hey time layman's not the audition at the same old crap in hallopontic airy time you turn around is coming up with something new and innovative and really anifty like right now it's how it's two thousand two neo-rodgers kneeled the old blowout sale that's the motto when and out blow it out stop i hell upon a g m c one thirty four one satixie highway on u s one right across the street from the falls the same great spot they've been doing it right for over thirty five years and we're right now the low-sale prices marked on the invoice on all brand new two thousand two cars and trucks and stuff and you can choose either one point nine percent financing or up to a thirty five hundred dollar rebate whichever tingles your toes check out the complete line of g m csu v's including the envoy voted by motor trend as s u v of the year and i'll be sure take a pic of the all new vibe s u v vibe of the power of a sports car at just a small fraction of the price how it's also got an unbelievable and unbeatable selection of pre-owned cars trucks and defendable s u v's as well if you return down for credit any place also in the world have no fear because tumbling and a good people at hell it will make sure they cut you deal some way it's the two thousand two neo-rodgers deal blowout sale going on right now at hell and Pontiac right across the falls in south eight open every day seven days a week for more information you can call the neo-rodgers near i can't even say it the neo-rodgers neodial hotline cut it's like that neo-wakes me up in a morning thing from zeta and one triple eight five three four forty two eleven that's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven how about Pontiac GMC where they say and we're not exactly sure why we are three goals a rast prior to mulling space ball on switch we'll five six four q a m i want to bang in the butt honey it's eleven thirty in the morning you're just taking a 15 minute nap you want that game of dodgeball you've cleaned all your racers recesses almost over and you've just done duty in your pants it's Miller time oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah ten forty five five sixty wq mjords start your list for monday already did you did when you put on the first canner and i like it like that okay here's a couple more three more all right because i'm sitting here and i'm thinking of myself about novelty records and novelty records do a lot better than you probably should here's one shabway the purple people leader but to good one number one for six weeks in nineteen fifty eight the purple people leader i bet you uh... do i love it all decided about here and that he's probably can't elect the dark and collected uh... back home and see here here's another one wrecks in effect rump shaker everything seems to be coming back to the last now that they say that i'm seeing in all morning long about a bouton your ass how you spell it affects no no wrecks now you know how you know how to spell this rw r e c k x dash in dash effect e ff c t wrecks in effect those you know that's on rump shaker sure but i don't know how to spell it and there's just one more i wish it also put on just one look by doors to i got it door got it i better look that up though because i'm not sure about that somebody had that i'm one of the uh... eight million sheets that we got and thank goodness if those slowed down i hope yet it stopped good good yeah doors to i just one look at the legitimate and the other one you want to put on it from the man in the raincoat by priscilla white w r i g hd nineteen fifty five never heard of it but it was number sixteen and she was born priscilla white w r i g hd born in on and on tereocan today so it's put some Canadians on here how about some uh... c c c c o l e d i i now what's the song priscilla right i don't know i just closed the box crash it out don't put i know but he knows that song i never heard of it i just got all excited because i saw that was somebody well put this on here again now i had it since we didn't put this good dot on any of the people yeah we did we did you're wrong delete your words and i'm all right say something i can't remember writing out my break it was on her i'm looking for it i don't see it we didn't do it you know what there's another one for a monday okay already down this go duck Rick these oh man here's a story that you're gonna love shortens we need to the point it says wait while i rob this store spree suspect used car service cop say john a mower saw the problem of a getaway vehicle during a week long robbery spree and suffoc this month's other police said he used a car service police arrested mower 39 of central isle pull of heart in romconcoma yesterday afternoon soon after the robbery of dairy barn on root 25 and lake grove the rest kept a week long series of robberies mostly of dairy barns by mower police said that must be like farm store huh i guess according to police mower used a car service to get two and from his robbery targets and he had the driver wait for him he would put on the skies end of the store's pretend he had a weapon and demand cash he then returned to the waiting car mama's been charged with nine robbers between June 16 yesterday police said he's to be a rain to the in first district court in central isle long island and that great what does wrong with it smart club maybe our friends over the central park limo like to take you on a high swine one on sounds like a great idea all that's good to that cast your story if we must they had a woman on here earlier on CNN did you see that who is 29 year old son blue is brains out of his molested by a priest when oh yes you see the picture yes good looking kid i mean just it's pathetic tears your heart out oh man he was in and out of mental institutions who was molested when he was 12 years old and that's why this whole dog and pony showed it's going on right now it's unacceptable like i said yesterday it's like letting the heads of the five families sit around decide what the you know the penalties will be for their crimes or like letting me a Nazi sit around at noonburg running the show interrogating themselves see and in this again go back to the u.s. their care of interfering with the religion so it's a hands-off thing and you sit back and hope that they're going to do the best which you know that they're not they're doing the best they can't are covering it up and trying to put on a good show and make a look at a really very concerned and apologetic which at this late date the holds no water with anybody with a brain not going to bring back those people are committed suicide or whose lives have been destroyed tragic pathetic just like that market by the way but a market's true really are really last two days make some of us feel good that we finally got out because i mean you know after a long long desperate situation just not looking too good speaking not looking too good looks like Jimmy Carter didn't accomplish hell a lot down there in fact that would be a good poll question who accomplished the most in Cuba Jimmy Carter or the Pope who took part food and toilet paper yeah or they had that they had that conference on the world starvation again i don't know where they had at this time and by totally one year that was in rom and my hotel in lagrand hotel which is a very fancy schmantey expensive in over price hotel kind of a little dump by the way but at any rate and as we walked through the hallways there were all these food carts out there in a hall every night it went on for like you know three four days this conference on world hunger and there were like you could have fed the Chinese army with all the food that they were thrown out because nobody ate it because they were all getting room service all these big shots in fact it seems to me that Castro was in town for that thing but not at my hotel he was there one the other big shot hotels fed out Castro announced the drive to collect signatures in support of a constitutional amendment that would declare his 41 year old socialist system untouchable even Robert stack is in shock untouchable a opponent say the four day petition robbers a clear response to a homegrown campaign that's been pushing for a referendum to demand democratic reforms in Cuba to which he says no and a live appearance on state one TV yesterday Castro said over 120 thousand petition stations will be set up around the island more than one for every hundred citizens for signature gathering campaign starting this Saturday tomorrow no compatriot will be not at the night the opportunity oh he's got away with words of the no compatriot will be denied the opportunity to back the amendments of Castro who has established the social system in Cuba two years after he did power nineteen fifty nine and of course if they don't participate we'll look to them opposition active as said the petition robbers the government's response to their own signature campaign for a referendum in which voters would be asked whether they favor civil liberties including freedom of speech in assembly the right to own a business electoral reform and and this need for political prisoners it's sad that the government keeps feeding the image of popular support fed when human rights activist El Azad al Sanchez said of Castro's announcement Castro said nothing publicly about the opposition campaign which is called the vorella project I must be named after Eliana for Rala must be early antifanilla its back is collected more than ten thousand signatures the constitutions as I needed to propose a referendum in some middle of the national assembly last month but if we see no formal response communist officials have accused the vorella project organizers of being on the US government paywall something the activist deny Cuba to throw his also said that there are legal and tech of the problems with the referendum proposal giving it little hope for success which is the understatement of all time. Castro emphasized that the petition campaign will be organized by organizations representing women university students workers and other groups and not be a state activity insisted anybody believe him no after citizens weigh in there will be a debate in the national assembly will have the final word he said all changes to Cuba's 1976 constitution must be passed by the national assembly the unicamble parliament that's law of the Castro who turned 76 in August has repeatedly insisted Cuba will mean socialist after he's gone and dead his designated successors his brother defense minister wow who turned 71 this month. Sanchez one of the most prominent opponents of Castro's government said he hopes project for well-resene equal treatment of the national assembly considers it a government's ability to mobilize large numbers of people is not necessarily proof that those people supported he said Castro's announcement came a day after he called out millions of people and they do to fully did of course the marching communities around the nation of a million and support the proposal declaring that the system cannot be changed the government said one point two million people marked in Havana alone and the estimates that were sent on CN yesterday seven million people came out in March because basically he made them an offer they couldn't refuse. The march is also meant to protest the speech bush made last month on which he pledged not to ease US trade or travel restrictions until Cuba holds free competitive elections and embraces other democratic reforms most Cubans first heard they were all a project in mid-May when Jimmy Carter mentioned it nonsense to tell about the rest during the visit to the island Carter suggested that the reform plan be published in the state media but that didn't happen and all the changes Carter talked about that they couldn't happen either so he and a public could have saved the plane fair they could have saved the time and the energy and believe me the Pope can afford to waste any energy from the way he's looking oh by the way guess what what your house from Germany he's Dutch he's from Niddler house I just mentioned that is a little piece of trivia read that in my movie book yesterday I like I was we I was reading about the movie the hitter would see Thomas how right and see his girlfriend nearly got the I guess they they wish he was like in torn between the two of them so to speak yeah torn between two lovers Jennifer Jason Lee yeah that was a great movie the hitter it was just good let me say it again it was a great movie all right it was great it was no uh a cinema paradise oh what what are you laughing about just a little kid teeing out the gargoyle then that was a good movie I mean it was very was a tear jerk was very like a motion run the but it was super good had its moments which of these one hit wonders this is our fourth day of this stuff at Boyd it's going over bigger than god damn the six million dollar man in those sandwiches too iron butterfly and a god of the beauty 28 Frankie goes to Hollywood relax 19 big country in a big country I don't I have no idea what that song is do yeah it was big oh what's got 15 I just don't know what if I heard it I probably not then he my doll is into the night he's doing pretty well considering the song was number one two different times 13 votes twisted sister we're not going to take a D heaven 10 van McCoy and a hustler's got nine and then it's Billy Ray Cyrus oh you know I'm not saying that there aren't good country songs because over the years I mean Johnny Cashins had some red songs Marty Robbins a white sport coat in the pink carnation that was great Bob Lumen let's think about living which you still remember what that song that was corny but it was okay 1056 at five 60 WQA and what we got a lot of crap here today I'll get I'll get to all of it can I get to all of my crap? See that's why it's good that we put the thing together they'll be full the show get it up there on the get it up there on the website gave it a chance to peruse it and abuse it and they have fun with it as opposed to you know like wasting all the listening's time because they got upset about that and then he stepped Billy it could all he's spent it too much time on this every day this way if we just stick it on there you know stick it here's a place you have a stick you're nose and the door and then go in there and have a feast the Emerald Coast the number one Chinese buffet in the universe I was thinking about this earlier because I'm getting hungry again why's that I said you're doing the show and think about lunch every day why is that because it's lunch time during the show? Well because I'm an eaten fool I guess but anyway Emerald Coast is a place not away as a god or like a ton of food a sea of food but all of it is good. Now as you can go into the buffet's news a whole bunch of stuff sitting around and you look around and you know then you put like a couple of peas on your plate because there's nothing really looks great. It looks great and it tastes great and there's no MSG and no crap in the food either at the Emerald Coast with three locations for you sunrise north mommy beach and now open in prestigious Pemberke Pines. Start out with six different kinds of soups you can taste a little bit of this one little bit of that or all of them if you like and dozens and dozens of mouthwater on trays most of them of course are oriented lights but all kinds of other goodies too salads. Emerald Coast has now got surf and turf on a weekends with a Lionston King crab and New York strip steak made order in the gourmet center a sizzling Asian grill with teriyaki steak, shrimp chicken seafood, handcar prime rib to your order by the way the Emerald Coast buffet's also got a full salad bar sushi and fresh shrimp cocktail. Please leave room for the dessert bar if you possibly can because there's tons of good stuff there, pies and cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings and they even have like a lower calorie ice cream as well. Lower sugar free and fresh fruit too. Even watermelon it's a perfect ending to an amazing meal. Like I said three locations for you'll find them in sunrise, pine island at 44th street. The one Collins Avenue just north of 163 north mommy beach and also you'll find them at the intersection of the Mingo and Pembroke Road in Pembroke Pines and McCoste accept reservations, take out and deliver available as well. If you want a feast of religious fresh great stuff this is the place for you. For more information call Emma most posted 954 5 7 238 22 9 5 4 5 7 238 22 and don't forget now surf and turf on a weekends. Our cones got five votes. Let's hear it. Alright. Put on my five-one ones now. Here you go. Just to go the best of hustler and I'm starting with a real heat. So let's see people. Check it out my buns like she Lair I got a first class riser. It don't pitch the 10th much. Now I'm sporting a wordy. I'm finding it impossible to conceal. I'm sporting a wordy. I feel like an absolute hour will. So the goal is to go this. He was sporting one too. Follow him up to the gate to praise him. Just to see what he would do. It's close to the pace you could be even. As if he had his father's room. There's a pretty little ghost. She's waiting for his post. Diamond with John the Room. We're sporting a wordy. It's a man fest. It's feeling impossible to conceal. It's calling for this man fest. I feel like a natural without a wheel. Spock wood is in their best. It's almost impossible to conceal. It's what it would is in their best. I feel like a natural bow. Yeah, I got confess actually like the upper body better than the original song by a long shot. Yeah. But nevertheless, it's not doing all I crazed. I got five votes. Mark Colin C-O-H-N. Okay, curator what's not with the E in there. Like Roy Cohen. He didn't have any in there either. Although he was Jewish and obnoxious and disgusting. Fact. Probably one of Roboteros Roy Cohen. Just a joke, Roboter. Don't get out tied. By the way, speaking of a Robert Egor Lerian, I've really pisses me off. He played so great in this series. All of a sudden a guy that he wouldn't even break into a sweat with the Panthers and he goes back to Detroit where he's playing with all these great players. And at the age of 41, all of a sudden he gets like a second youth. I can't stand guys like that. What is an asshole down here too? Yeah, I realized I didn't want to do this, didn't want to do that, didn't want to play the system. Maybe we were real smuck. Egor Lerianov. I say send it inside Burya. It was very emotional seeing constant team out there holding up the couple last night. Who has made tremendous progress inside horrendous accident. Where he got paralyzed and a whole deal of a limo accident. But the drunk and driver. He held up the couple last night. He could actually like almost stand up and he's like, you know, he's making it slow and painful. But that was pretty emotional to see. In fact, I usually not all wrapped up in a post, you know, final game, Sir Monizala crap. But that was pretty enjoyable there last night. It was okay. And seeing Scotty Bowman flopping down on there. He went and put on his skates. As soon as the game ended and came out there was skating around with a cup. Scotty Bowman, nine Stanley Cups, he retires. Anybody talking about that on our sports shows? No, no. Mad Dog will cause he picked the red ones. Which was really going out there on a limo. Oh, that's right. It's not under the. What a bad break. The mad dog is not working today. Who picked the wings to win the cup. Hundreds flocked to Gotty Wake. John Gotty was given a send-off. Be fitting a mob chief. And yesterday is scores of mourners. Packed a mass-path funeral chapel to say goodbye. Have you heard that before? Mass-path? No. I have no idea where that is. Somewhere in New York, of course. But I don't know where that is. Gotty, the one time boss at the GameBeean organized crime family. Gotty got a cancer money as we all know by now. And a federal prison hospital at the age of 61. But visitor standing among dozens of John reach yesterday, were told he wasn't really dead. Do not stand in my grave in weep. I'm not there. I do not sleep. Said prayer cards given to those attending a private wake at Papa Verra, funeral home. Do not stand in my grave in cry. I'm not there. I did not die. But Gotty, wearing a solid blue suit and a matching tie, he had in one since going to prison for life in 1992, was laid out in a closed gold coffin, flanked by a pair of candles flickering behind red glass. Maybe he's like Elvis. Maybe he's still alive. Although I think he is like Elvis. Lorna's filled rows of chairs as others filed through the chapel. On a table near the coffin, stood a collection of family pictures. On a glass coffee table was a frame photograph of a tanned smiling gotty. He went out like a star and king like he wasn't realized. So Louis Casman, a family friend of refers to himself as Gotty's adopted son. I'm telling you where they like the mobsters in New York. Apparently. In the article and every New York paper since this man, Crop has been glowing and glowing and sucking and they like him. And yes, we had a few people kill that he was a scumbag in some ways, but he never stole a freight train. Just like the same way, Marolanski was so well-liked there when he was in Hellenale and on my mebeach. He used to walk his little dog. He was very nice to be old ladies. He was polite. After the first viewing, a Gotty brother, which of you gotty, 59, a reputed crime captain, a couple. Left a funeral home with a group of men and dark suits. And strolled to a nearby sports bar, matchmakers for a drink. They probably had a quick drink on a way to Louis in a Bronx. Probably had a hat like that when you were wearing the last week. A fedora? When a purse by photographers he said, you already got enough pictures of me. Surprisingly didn't take the camera out of his hand like sunny and smacked it on the ground in a few 20s. Gotty's widow and daughter, both named Victoria, did not leave the funeral home between afternoon and evening viewings. Before the 7 p.m. viewing, pizza was brought in for the family. Did that ice? A little stereotypical. Why is that? Pizza? For mops? I wonder if it was like the thin like real Italian pizza or if it was like that the thicker was the sillian. Inside were numerous tributes to Gotty. You know, the sillian's got no sauce. You do know that, don't you? I do know. There's a Gotten Osa, no cheese. Say I get confused. I think it's got no cheese. It's just got sauce and oregano. No cheese. Inside were numerous tributes to Gotty to the chief redicard on a wreath of red and white carnations. Another board of name of Gotty's old hangout on Ozone Park, the Bergen Hutton Fist Club. John, we love you red and other card. You will always stay in our hearts. The wakers to continue to dance if you're in a home on Grand Avenue, a small brick and stucco building. Just opposite to gawling or triangle, a memorial for Mass Beth presence, killed in World War I. Very ill as scheduled for tomorrow morning. Although the wakers opened the public reporters were brought from the funeral home and had to watch from behind police barricades. The dices of Brooklyn is ruled of Gotty cannot be given a Roman Catholic Mass funeral Mass, but may be in Turd at St. John's cemetery in Middle Village, a memorial Mass will be held after the burial. Gotty is to be in Turd at the family in Wazelim with a son Frank Gotty was killed by Elwano that. Richard Reebok and attorney was often represented Gotty family members and we sure like his shoes, said Gotty's son John A. Gotty will not be attending the services, because the son is serving a six year federal prison sense for bribery and extortion and did not seek permission for a leave. He's asking for no favors from the government at all Reebok said he will grieve in his own way. Also missing in the proceedings are two other Gotty brothers, Jean is serving a 50 year prison term for heroin dealing and Peter who's been held without bail on federal back at Turing charges. Among those paying respects yesterday was Chuck Zito, the former House Angelou spent six years in prison before Tony actor. The style of the HBO prison show Oz was later joined by Gotty's longtime attorney Bruce Cutler. Also attending the wake was Liz Roby 25, a moved man hadn't had the last make from Nashville where she was also a first grade teacher. Since coming here she said she's attended an operand central park, participated in the five kilometer walk along the Hudson River and toured the U.N. She decided to attend the wake because she likes random life experiences. And of course that's one of the things that gotty was famous for like having random life experiences when some people is expected of you. I mean sometimes it was their last random life experience but nevertheless he never stole a freight train and we like monsters on the show. We like them mob and that's the way I had the other day about how they were and they want to recruit new members. We want to know how do we get in. Especially me because in my age I'm not going to worry about being along and off to run out. So how do we get in? I think you got to cut your pinky off. I see. Pinky that's with a P. Yeah. How's that pull coming by the way? It's just just refreshed. Iron butterfly and a god of debate a 31. That's pretty long to a net about five minutes. It's an entire album side. It's like 15 minutes. Oh that's a head there's the one the extended cut that goes out the way about that. Seven hours. Like if you have wild wicked diarrhea that's even better than a car through park. Frankie goes to Hollywood by relax 21. The other way around. The other way around. I know. Big country in the big country. And that one I had a big country is the group and in the big countries that I'm in the saw. 17 and the elite singer still dead. What was his name? Big Wilson. Yes. Hello big. Well he was a good guy. What was that the New York Statehouse and Laurie Sussman's also dead? What is a lot of dead people around? Marty Sussman New York Statehouse. How about you Hank knew him? And Big Wilson. Well that's right. He worked with Big Wilson and I would do. Do you know the first I was thinking about this yesterday the first time I met Hank. I was working at KAT. This is really, I wasn't working at KAT yet. I was doing like weekends on IOD. Bill Carter got me in an IOD after I left Palm Beach. And Larry King invited me to be on the show. We were talking about gambling and peer mutuals. And Phil Sussman was on at show. It's the first time I ever met Phil and Hank was there. And a guy named Sigshai who was another degenerate gambler. And that's the first time I met Hank. That's in 1975 or 1975 or 1976. What am I looking for? In a big country pop group from Dunfirm, or from, oh I can't say it. Dunfirmly in Scotland. Stuart Adams in vocals in guitar. Bruce Watson guitar Tony Butler bass and Mark Brzind and Brzicki. Brzind and Brzicki. Drum. Don't say anything about them being dead here. The guy that actually did. Huh? That's an old book is it? No, it's like from a year ago or so. My way at Stuart, he could be dead now. It's that wasn't made yesterday. So he could have died like in last week or two. It doesn't say anything in my book about being dead. And there's the names that are all Scottish anyway. So they probably were a bunch of kills and were silly guys. But it's a very popular song. Don't say nothing about no dead guy in there. See, I mean, we got a lot of great faches on this. But a lot of misinformation too. Brother, a lot of wrong stuff. The problem is past 11 at 560WQM. If you think it'll pay to your home or business. Don't do it. Don't pay. Protect your investment with liquid ceramic. Liquid ceramic. The technology born in NASA's Space Program is available right now as I speak. In South Florida. Liquid ceramic is the most advanced exterior interior and roof coating available in the world. Now you took and have the same high tech outstanding ceramic technology that shields the space shuttle protecting your home or building or both and you'll never ever have to pay again. It sounds too good to be true, but it is true. Liquid ceramic has guaranteed for as long as you own your home or building. So forget about repeating it a few years. Liquid ceramic won't fade, it won't peel, in fact it's so good it's guaranteed. This state of the art coating yields you in our 24 installation equivalency. It helps bring those electric bills down too. Liquid ceramics available over 1800 different colors. So don't worry about matching the color you're building. Check out Liquid ceramic today called 305-3475122. Liquid ceramics demand effect in so far over 40 years and the exciting news is that now. It's available in South Florida. Call 305-34751-22. That's 305-3475122. Be sure to tell me a new authority to call or visit Monday and net if you like it. Liquid ceramics demand effect in the world. The is the Marlins Tic on the tip of the table range. That's a nice 3063. It's 435-60-UAM at the ground. Since the cameras lift the Osborn's Beverly Hills estate, we're wondering. What's Ozzy doing now? Yeah, he's doing them. Look for a 75-UAM GFO. Yeah, yeah, well, yeah, my old vest. Yeah, it's a very lovely vest, but listen, I need to say. Well, we're looking to home deep though. What we're going to do for you? Well, I need a 75-Watt bulb for a spot. I got him out of his cell lights. We need to get also lights. Home deep though. The Prince of Darkness. I want to work in the dark. Oh, we big I have a crazy look. I need a 75-Watt bulb. What do you need? What about what I need? Everybody's always about what they need. What about what Ozzy need? You're working here, aren't you? Oh, look here. Home deep though. It's a job, right? So you would like on the Prince of Darkness. I'll get out. Get away from me. Find where you're. Get the hell away from me. Shah! I'll bring you to a me from Ozzy eyes born and Gillen. Was on at the boys' back? Tribute. Yes. I just mentioned that in passing. It's 117 at 560 WCM. There's a facts from Tom who asks, why is the US press mom on the fact that Bush's chosen leader of Afghanistan, Humid Karzai, worked for a Unicale? Tom. 117 at 560 WCM. Don't forget log on to WCM.com and start playing the Toyota Baseball Tribute Challenge. Weekly Prizes include Galphar for our Chulas. The Grand Prize is a trip for two to New York over Liberty. We can see the Marlins and the Mets. So log on and start playing with it on WCM.com. Remember you were talking about this on the other day? If you were. And here it is. The Excities. A brand. Tell them. I know something about love. Gotta want it. We didn't put that on the yet, did we? I don't know. Okay. Well, don't worry about it yet. Oh, and another one, which I'm sure we didn't put on our yet and we will. I'd rather have that nitty past than the real me. If you were a host of me, I would have a whole brother. All the other, it was like a s***. You fucked it. Like a broker. Who are harkers on me. And by the way, I'd like to see that now. Bill McCray was the one where I've read. You remember who the other where he was last night? Robert. No, I do not. But we ought to get there. I checked because the counter kill on a goal. The only one they scored to break. Cashix shot out streak. All it did. I mean, I know it was very fast, but all it did was like a way in the middle of the back of the net and then come right on. And what the hell was Andy Van Halman looking at for like about five minutes while I mean, the CBC showed very clearly that I'm sure he has been there to see replays that it was like in and out. It was the old in and out. Yeah. I see it all. I see it all. I see it all. I'm a baseball. I'm a fancy club. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. It's on today. It's on today. There you go. There's one that I even vote for. I bet it crossed that out. Mermaid's popsicles and icicles. I see it all. I see it all. I see it all. I see it all. I see it all. I think I'm a little starving. I'm a six-voltive. You love me. I said, I know I said, When is blowing, I feel this way. It's not a special vote, huh? These are a part of our forearms here. You put them. Like I said, it has no votes. No votes. Your vote. If I look at all about Charlie Sexton beat so lonely, more made popsicles and icicles. Clotting Clark. I see the party lights. Has no votes. Do we have to talk about the communist listening? It is. K-winding and more. Which used to be my theme song. Wayway back in Batavia, New York. He's got no votes. In fact, I think that was also my theme song in W. News at one time. Ranging drops. The kind of boy you can't forget. I don't know that song. You know that song? No. The kind of boy you can't forget. Chesney Hawks, the one and only. Bob Coober and the end man. The cheater has got no votes. Boy. Boy, it's. It's. I don't know what the word is. I'm looking for it's just heartening. It's disheartening when you realize that you've got such great taste. And so many other people out there that taste is in their touch. And I know we got a lot of punks out there. Wow, a lot of this stuff. You're so old anyway. That's the way it goes. Great music. We're talking of a period of over 50 years, man. If you're going to be like a real music fan, you got to know all kinds of music. Going back like to the early 50s. Do I write about that or what? I mean, don't have any way. What? I'm just kidding. Of course you do. You're not in. Oh, wait. I'm using 1850s. You're not in 50s music, I'm a. It was weak. You're not in fat stomano. Oh, I love fat stomano. There's a lot of girl perkins and all that good stuff. I mean, not going to like all the do up shop. If you don't watch them, but it. What about that do up album line? Just to piss off that pdoer magic. What's that guy's name? Bob Hamilton or something like that? For he pisses me off, man. That could be a good station, but it's not. Even Ricky Ticking knows that, but we don't want to get in trouble. Speaking of music, couple Susan T.V. over Croats prank. M.T.V.s been slept for the $10 million lawsuit from a couple who said they were surprised by a fake Croats in their hotel room as part of a hidden camera prank for reality TV show. James and Lory Anne Ryan of Washington DC also named the Hard Rock Hotel in Vegas in the suit, but there's a lot of beautiful people laying out there. That's what Joker's tell us is. How do you think of it? We're been in the Hard Rock hotel in Vegas. Not me. It's on the corner of Harmon Avenue and the paradise, whatever that is. I think. Don't buy it once. Yeah. I've driven by many times. If I stay close by there, many times in some of those sweet places there on the Harmon Avenue, some of those places are great. See, the advantage is stay. I don't want to get sidetracked with Vegas here, but the advantage is stay in those kind of places. Is that first of all, you take your way to Korn your park right outside your door. As opposed to walking through 80 miles in a parking garage to figure out where you stayed. See what I'm saying? Very convenient. And you don't have all the 80 million people laws. But on the other hand, the only problem is if you want to feel like you like to get in a mood like Tungier brings out. It can't just go downstairs and gamble your guts out. The suit originally filed in Los Angeles and April the getting public attention as week after was moved. The federal court said the couple became unwitting participants in a practical joke, and the decision for a serious unadveloped enough TV called harassment while they were on vacation in January. So I guess asshole or whatever that show is. That wasn't good enough. Jackass asshole. Now they got harassment coming up. We need to victimize people for entertainment. Upon entering the hotel room, the Ryan's discovered what appeared to be a dead human body covered in surrounded by blood. Evidently the victim of a homicide is hidden cameras recorded their shock the suit says. Is this incredible or what? There are posses. Come on, they should be. As the couple tried to flee, two actors posing as security guards blocked their way in a third individual in the guys that are a paramedic entered the room. This is sick. This is really sick. The show's host and coproducer Ashden Kutcher, who's described the series in interviews as a guerrilla style candid camera, finally emerged to reveal the prank. The Ryan's were not amused. They're seeking $10 million in compensatory damages against MTV, the Harbac Hotel and Kutcher, who's also named in the suits of the attorney Daniel Rosanski. Both the cable network which is owned by a viacom ink and the privately owned hotel declined to come in on the case for obvious reasons. An MTV spokeswoman said the incident in question was filmed as part of a pilot episode for harassment which is not air yet. She said the features dead as the program is uncertain, I can't imagine why. Her assman is not the first reality show to land MTV illegal trouble. Two teenage girls who didn't work in April 2001 after they were sprayed with human excrement. By performing as builders the shower range is doing a program called Dude The Sucks. MTV apologized for the incident and promised never to wear footage of the incident. That's it remains in litigation. The girls had profiteally attorney Gloria all red told writers. Remember Gloria all red? You have the media horrors on every two minutes along with that Markella goes for the mustache. Which is not good to say. I don't see him anymore. Thank God. Can't pick him off my TV. Speaking of MTV, New York Post reports after 11 seasons road rules is often running. When it premiered in 1995, was a spin off of MTV's other wildly successful reality series The Real World. The audience often lumped road rules as The Real World on wheels. I never enabled her to tell him a part to be honest with it. Road rules. And it went a big up. Because I think most people, if I ever come across those shows, I'm just looking to see if there's anybody who looks good on it. If not move on to something else. There was the first season. There was the first reality show with challenges long before bug eating on Survivor or Fear Factor's as its co-creator John Murray probably. The location of the show have changed over year by the angstness still the same. This season we have Eric the All-American boy, Dill the boxer with a temper, Still are the independent wild child, Rachel LaHeartbreaker, Kendall the Sad Angel and Shane, the show's first openly gay man. It's a distinction that James Perkins are exactly thrilled over, while Shane is cool what the revelation being made on national TV has parents are not. It's not that they don't accept him. There are frayties that Homer Thorke viewers may try to hood him. Still Shane says he didn't sign up to make any social statements for him it was all about the journey. I don't think reality TV equals start him, so the 21 year old who attends the University of North Carolina wants to guarantee the production. In fact he's working as a waiter. How are you, usual? A gay waiter? What a novelty. He's working as a waiter in Doer North Carolina to the summer to make ends meet. So to speak, he has no grand dreams that road rules be anything more than a nice diversion from his regular life. I watched every season of real world, every season of road rules he says those shows practically raised me. I know all the participants names and what they did and who they did he says. That's the joy reality TV. Oh yeah, reality TV. I love that term reality TV. I love it. The joke. Twenty six after eleven at five six all by the way, what's his name, Tom Greens upset because Drew Burmour's school and somebody else? Ben Lewis, what that word says to our five minutes or something like that. I think that him having both his nuts cut off. I don't think anybody actually believed that. No. No, I didn't believe it. It was even worse than the jailer marriages. Twenty six passed eleven at five sixty. WCM-Hey, let me tell you about an amazing place to little kibos. If you're new to South Florida, you probably never encountered this place. But when you do boy you're in for a real amazing surprise. Because crazy John is still dripping gallons of sweat out of the grill. As he pumps out those great little burgers just like the white cats and burgers used to enjoy up north. They stay with you for like days on time or once in a while if you're lucky they move right on out. The law of kibos burgers have those great grilled onions, pickle, ketchup and mustard cheese if you like. And they serve man those gorgeous steaming little buns and believe we either few things in the world as great as steaming little buns. The law of kibos also, you know who likes steaming little buns? By the rule too. That's what I'm hearing. The law of kibos also serves those thick coming out island cut fries and sobrettes hot dogs with all kinds of good He's on them. Great chicken fingers, wings and chicken sandwiches too. And a tasty fried fish sandwich is always a good diversion and perversion. Little kibos you can eat in draft fewer than one of the stars on the patio. Why do they watch the help stare at the train going around and around overhead? Or maybe just up at the sky looking for help. The law of kibos lunch in dinner seven days week fighting in Saturday open late till 10 and you'll find them on power line. Roach us out the Hillsborough Boulevard. Tell that PD Lenny sent you by for a real culinary delight. I don't care what movie says about the meat guys. A nice big gift that keeps on fucking. You a jam. It's why they you best. Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. We take a good hard stiff look at the start of. They burst onto the music scene with a song so catchy. It virtually guaranteed their failure. They were the knack. We caught up with neckly vocalist Doug Feger, who's life now consists of explaining who he was to board strangers of parties. So I understand your a musician. Yeah, I was in a fan called the knack. Oh, I am. I'm not hurt of you. Well, I'm sure you've heard the song before. Ow 213 Guy My friend Us A The pretty dream all in Danders' Massachusetts. Free can neck. That asshole dug head is away with me. And do I see a penny in royalties? I only hope that Hig is been in the rest of his life explained who he was to bore people parties. Now but, he would be sweet revenge. There you go, Charona. It's the least we could do. It's a big juicy, soft and wet look of your business tonight. But inside the behind. How let me ask you stupid question. How come we didn't put that one on there? Was number one for six weeks? They might have had two. Three. Okay. Good girls don't cry. Was number number number 11. Baby talks dirty. I bet you don't say ass though like they do on CNN every two minutes. That was the big story of the day that country western guy who's all pissed off and fired up about 9-11 and did that song. He was supposed to be on the July 4th celebration on ABC. And Peter Jennings is, oh no, you can't say kick kick boot. It's the crappy ass. Something like that. That's what he said. Something like that. And Peter Jennings said, oh no, we can't do that on ABC. And so they kicked his ass out. And he's pissed off and fired up about it. And CNN is using the occasion as an excuse just to say ass all the time over and over again. Pathetic. So we can't, it's not a bad song. I saw that on CD that almost brought the other day but there was nothing else good on it. And I would certainly not buy a CD just because my sharona was on it. I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't think so. No, it's just not. Yeah, I don't think so. I'm just bringing blue jeans to be a B-shake. It's not. Oh, and that's it, that's it. Thanks. My voice moves to New York from California. Bad wins. The York's the Lone Town. And of course, you keep seeing it like that. It'll be a lot longer. Not to good. I think our butterflies guarantee. Don't you think it's a lot? My personal opinion, it could be wrong. I don't think so. So, 1134-26 to Luna 560 WQA. And it looked like something from a sci-fi flick, a mysterious silver orb. Three feet in diameter floating in the surf off the South Carolina coast. This were ABC news. For Peter Jennings, a continues being an asshole. A pretty good at issues, earlier than now, asshole. They thought it was a giant beach ball. They were going to bring in, said Marie Signeurie, whose family found the orb, floating there, the redded beach house at the Isle of Poms. They swam out and said it was very heavy ball. It was metal head numbers on it. And there was no way they were bringing it in. Head numbers on it. Maybe we know it wasn't water, and I don't know if it was. Rover was made out of metal anyway. I saw the prisoner again. That's how one of these 80 million channels I got. Prisoners on their all-time. The one where he went off into boat he thought that they were escaping. Yeah. And then come to fight out the people from the inside run about with them and turn down. And then they unleashed Rover Adam and Rover like I said in my pack. Anyway this ball eventually washed up on a sure causing alarm residents to call the police. A thirties marked off an area around the orb with crams seen tape and tried to identify. They turned to members of the Air Force Bonnesquad, the Coast Guard, and state officials for helping nobody could identify the strange object. There were numbers on the surface of the orb but no other clues that helped determine its origin. NASA and the National Oceanic and MSF were contacted, even they had no answers. As if its weight, several hundred pounds. See they described it as a ball. I mean they're no ball that's like several hundred pounds because of its weight. Their speculation it might be a floatation device used by a dredge company but the theory only adds to the mystery the orb's got no fasteners on a were a liner cable might have been attached. We're calling it a UFO and unidentified floating object. That'll have a bomb sparrow chief and Graham to the AP. According to the Associated Press the orb cracked in half as it was being brought to the Huns Public Works Department but the inside was as revealing as the outside only sea water is spilled out. In other words all the little green men got out of their alaiya gas alive. Did you always wonder where those people in South Carolina came from? There was nothing green, nothing glowing Graham told the news agency will probably just go to the scrapyard. We just have a big ol' ball with a number on it. I guess. Speaking of that. For the first time astronomers have found a distant planetary system with at least one planet whose orbit resembles a member of our solar system. You see the only reason that we're not talking more about life and because it's all matter of time and space and this whole other you know that's what it's all about. Right. Because there was no question that there's been life on a lot of the planets. No question. Maybe some like man some more advanced some more primitive whatever because but of course we're talking maybe millions or billions of years apart. That's all. Get it? Jeffrey Marcie of the University of California Berkeley and Paul Butler of the Carnegie Institute of Washington City yesterday. They have found a planet about five times the size of Jupiter and Jupiter has pretty guy damn big. Circling a sunlight star at an orbital distance very like that of the solar system's biggest planet. The newly discovered planet is one of three planets surfing a star called 55 Cancree that's about 51 light years away from Earth. Oh we should be there by one o'clock. Oh this is the first time we found a family of planets that has some similarities to our own solar system or city estate and news conference. The new planet circle 55 cancree at a distance of 5.5 after 9.00 units close to the 5.2 a orbit of Jupiter and a U is the distance between the Earth and the Sun about 92 million miles. The two other planets around 55 cancree are also Jupiter or Saturn sized bodies but they orbit much closer to the apparent star kind like Josh Friedman like Saturn sized body. One is an orbit of about 9 million miles the other is about 23 million miles. Marcy and Butler also announced they found 13 other planets orbiting distance stars bringing to 91 the total number known of extra solar planets how little we know and across this off flies in the face of all of religion is too because it pushes all of that crap right down the toilet you know it. Don't forget what it says there he made the stars also. Yeah come on can after thought well it was pretty barren up there which certainly shows me that the people are wrote that crap and of course it's supposed to be direct from God they really had some great wisdom man to relate inside. Just a decade ago the concept of other stars having planets was in the realm of science fiction noted and kidney director of NASA's astronomy division. The Marcy Butler team is found most of the 91 extra solar planets the group uses a technique that measures the very slight wobble of a central star and then uses the magnitude of this motion to determine the presence of orbiting planets the size and shape of their orbits and their mass the technique works only for larger planets and can't detect those much smaller than those about half the mass of Saturn. Marcy and Butler said they had a hint years ago that 55 cancue at a large planet in a Jupiter like orbit but to confirm the conclusion required measurements for at least one complete orbit of the planet. The new planet takes about 13 years to circle its star close to the 11.86 years it takes Jupiter to orbit the Sun. All other extra solar planets discovered up to now orbit closer to the parent star and must have been a long-gated exhibit or are eccentric orbits said Marcy this new plan orbits is far from its stars our own Jupiter orbits the Sun. There you go lots of planets lots of solar systems lots of life and they aren't like little green men from Mars although they could be how do we know maybe they're like not green maybe they're like I don't know maybe they're charters how do we know what they are? We're stupid that's the problem we don't know much but we like making up a lot of good stuff because it makes for good science fiction writing I have the Ray Bragg Ray theater on my one of my channels on I think it's on that screen TV. Yeah I did it right that show. Oh I don't like it either. I just mentioned that in passing funny till noon at 5.50 WQM fathers day this Sunday happy fathers day all the dads out there make that feel special by getting in my comfortable new pair of athletic shoes from our good friends at new balance stores which I have sitting on the floor in the other room right now just waiting to put them on and hop out to the lunch you'll find the new balance locations in Pine Crest, Avenue and Vodka return where they got fantastic unbeatable prices for the whole family on the world's best athletic shoes and this weekend fathers day weekend here's your last chance right now through Sunday by any new balance human get you a free cushion support in solar thirty dollar value on our fathers day and of course there's new balance shoes that I've got if you're going to be doing any kind of walking around you got to have shoes that give your feet some support because your feet are one of the most important I'd say the second most important part of your body right after your brain and of course the new balance they still measure at the old fashion way the length and what to make sure they get you a perfect fit each in every time new balance stores to a great locations for the remind me's pinecrest the one the second four of the average room all and also in a Vodka town center or check them out of that website if you've preferred new balance mimey dot com tell me the arrived you're sent you buy the new balance and no forget through fathers day this Sunday you get a free cushion support so with any per shoes you buy but the offer spires like I said oh my god you're buffed our beautiful it's the new book that's shocking the country after twenty years shaggy of scoopy dudes speaks out just closing behind the scenes antics that could bring down the whole cartoon industry oh my god yeah oh my we weren't just solving mysteries in that mystery van right school like we used to have a bumper sticker on the back that said when this fans are rocking don't come on the he he he he he he I gotta tell you home and after me lesbian city carpet montures belly rupon yeah I know what's heartable he scrappy do like the only reason I keep got his job he was pimping for that me like how about for like how many guys do you know the where a yellow scar like that's right coolie and I used to sit in the front of the mystery van and like do ball hits and like watch them and they get it on we're going to be the new book scrubbing do be do like you would have got away with it had it not been for those damn kids on book shelves across the country everywhere I got this back here and I know it's just go be the video was talking about the scobie do techno mix that I played before it's much longer than yeah I'm not gonna play that again so I played that one it says Neil please let us know if it's possible to play that scobie do curry for you something I got it would love to hear I think Bart started was like about 35 so I hope she enjoyed it ps monster mash bobby boys pick it didn't we already have that on there I don't think we put that on yet we're not putting that on anyway I mean this is that deserve to be on any list though no I mean obviously record is one thing purple people either that was number one for a long time but monster mash bobby boys pick it although me have already been on there I think today's one hit wonder poll this is our fourth in a series until we find a guy dim top twenty whatever it's gonna be of all time I earned butterfly in a god of divita 38 votes Frankie goes to Hollywood relax 23 big country in a big country 21 Benny Mardon is into the night 16 twisted sister we're not gonna take it 16 van McCoy do the hustle 13 kicks don't close your eyes 12 Billy Ray Thiereth achy breaking heart 12 and he only had the one in double figures sir mix a lot and baby got back I want to keep saying baby get back not the same song sorry so generational thing with an old fart like me loving 47 at five 60 w q a m families and surviving victims of the nineteen ninety american embers he bombings in Nairobi and Kenya should get first crack at the frozen assets of those believe we'll carry out a finance the crime they continue lawsuit filed this week some one hundred two people sixty six of them surviving victim suit or some of you mama been lawden his lieutenant several Islamic organizations in the government's ever ran Iraq Afghanistan and Sudan for a hundred million dollars in damages the US and its allies for the assets many of the defendants after nine level attacks in the air from Washington now that we know where the terrorist funds are located we feel that it's only fair that the people killed a ranger by the attacks at first crack at the frozen terrorists funds said bill weaver one of the lawyers for those who filed a suit he had other lawyers and said the nine level attacks have somewhat overshadowed the August seven nineteen ninety eight embassy bombings which took place ten minutes apart and killed two hundred thirty one people including twelve Americans the suit is about trying to rebuild the lives affected by the first wave of the of attacks on american soil said another lawyer john eaves junior a relation to Joe Marston here the government had had its military response but we want to jury of the people to get the message out that we will not tolerate terrorism he's added the suit found the new us to be caught in Washington ledges that been lawden directed the attacks which will finance by a host of his lawmaker organization is for governments among the hundred sixty four other defendants hundred sixty four hey let's read them all now just the most important ones on the time of our tiff a senior in lawden to believe them in killing us bombings in November and also all the walley who's another senior in the by the way we still have found his family was killed in the bombings but we still have got no idea where he is more about all mar the founder of the Taliban Afghanistan who's where about to get a well known who slept to our fingers numerous times over there and a bunch of other a go ahead speaking all that more depressing news i have to do this to go into the weekend but lack security let's tell us travel authorities who rated this witty jumble in slow vaki of refugee dormitories are haunted by what they didn't find thirty shadowy men they fear may have been terrorist posing as a silent sickers this is the edema refugee camp in slow vaki the suspects vanished among the corn fields and oak forest that stretched to the austrian border a few miles away now officials are trying to determine if terrorist amassed waiting his refugees to get to the west we had information that members of al kai to the Taliban were trying to infiltrate these refugee groups said yaris law spissiac no relation to the ars law spot check one of silvaki's top police commanders told the ap acting on an interpole report by a relay bible giri or were the thirty entered europe slow vaki and he took as command was rated at a mob on march 12 by the time the special forces burst into the camp five evon and papai is after the group survival the suspects were gone germanies equivalent of the fbi the federal criminal officer was checking to whether some of them might have slipped into Germany security is laxed refugee processing centers like adam all because the ginava convention for bids governments from treating asylum seekers like criminals as a result there's little to detour terrorists no guards with machine guns no surveillance cameras no high walls no razor wire you despissiac narrated for but elaborate on why they thought they thirty could be terrorists official said they had conflicting your council whether the member afgans are Arabs but they were traveling in a group and it paid about two thousand dollars each to gain transit from boggillia to slow vaki more than twice to going late interpole would not confirm a report in the frankfurter algaman zeit to newspaper setting european intelligence that the men allegedly intended to rent apartments and high-rise buildings in germany elsewhere in place bombs inside the slow box later captured one says police for lack of evidence of a taken another refugee camp within days he disappeared again just as most afghan refugees been outreaching western europe eventually do since the collapse of communism hundreds of thousands of people of used eastern europe as a transit would including Islamic men who came mostly from the middle east to fight on the muslim side and the boznan more governments have been unwilling to titan security of refugee camps for fear of violating the human rights of genuine asylum seekers desperately fleeing persecution it goes to show we're really taken as crisis seriously all over the world outweigh last year more than any one hundred people most of them afghan's applied for asylum in slavaki alone most can buy a Ukraine Bulgaria and hungry we can't turn refugee camps into prison so it brought out for sell the vector of slavaki is migration office that would be the worst sort of human rights abuse we can't assume that everyone fleeing afghanistan is a member of al-Qaeda or the Taliban although allowing themselves to be photographed and figured pretty as a solemn sickers would be risky it also goodbye to risk time in an air of legitimacy that might get local authorities below the guard if it's possible to detain an al-Qaeda member chicago's airport it's possible here said Vladimir bellow cabin another migration official that's why we need to start paying attention in Bulgaria official screen asylum afghan's for possible terrorist although not have been spotted so far we can never be a hundred percent sure there are no terrorist among the immigrants said denny el of uh... velvita of the government of refugee agency that's not her name but i like that that's probably can't tell velvita nevertheless glorious days in Tampa boys and girls all on ws u and convita and poor little current all and the short skirts uh... those were ugly days man those were nasty ugly days and that's not even included our good close personal friend blah blah who's stabbed us stabbed us viciously in the back every chance he could here's a man that i i hope get out of the cornfields of i a what help them get back in a business and i'd make believe states over that radio uh... that phone call on the air on the air is couch you called them during the show or we call or something now and he was unemployed that was before it all happened i call them on the air or he called us but he was in david portia was unemployed huh all night and i because i need a an additional call from home to him because uh... yeah that's where i didn't want to develop some information yeah and of course i didn't have like a hell of a lot of time uh... to set that thing up because as you'll be called boy gilly calls me an unafriety it says all Monday morning of a summer casting your show and w i see when in Tampa they don't want to tell me too far ahead of time because you know me with a big mouth i might have bloated out which was the uh... song and dancing i would be all the time which was a part of crap that was a wreck while you think i was got blamed for whatever work while you did we'll also bloated out that they were going to be doing the morning show and check my was getting kin i got blamed for that not that i mind you know i'm you know it's okay somebody's got to take the blame for work but that blah blah last time i want to get certain all i crap okay nobody cares about Tampa nobody cares about Orlando nobody cares about those places very yahoo places there muggwon places doctor drug may have made read for get his rights picking up these terrorist come bags if i was going to excuse every scumbags back excuse drugs used to state richard read after we allegedly tried to respond to shoe bomb on an international flight allegedly they have limited his ability to remember a warning that he didn't have to talk to interrogators a doctor testified this weekend federal court marked dishwits testifying for the defense that read was injected with dyes of pamp a generic form of valium as he struggled with passengers and crew members bushwood said that drug would have limited read's ability remember details of the Miranda warning that police officials read to them after the warning we allegedly made a confession to federal and state agents and log it international report in December 22 2001 police are required to one suspects of entitlement attorney and have the right to remain silent after the passage of time is ability remember the reading of his mind rights would have been gone said bushwoods and anesthesiologist at the university of mass attesits the testimony came in a hearing on a request by reads public defenders they want to suppress statements he gave to investigators in the hours after he was taken off american airlines flight 63 they perished to my amy flight the flight as we know made the emergency landing in Boston after read allegedly tried to lie why did they keep saying allegedly god damn it after you tried to lie to fuse connected with sneakers federal authorities said the sneakers content exposes that could have destroyed the jet among the passengers on the flight were doctors who used drugs from a medical kit to subdue read which was said the drugs included diasapam and an anti-histomine similar to benadryl all boy he said the diasapam and anti-histomine would have made read sleepy and caused them to slur his words but he also said the drugs would not affect readability to make sound decisions FBI agent Brad Davis also testified at the hearing he said authorities rigged interview rebukers they were concerned he might have had a accomplices aboard the jet oh man just enough to make you want a gag in it keeps bringing about my mind that the whole get most story about the way that were that probably getting like check up beyond on air they need i'm not so sure if the muslims eat meat but i think in that case it probably making a new session and they probably want like what's i could stake so instead we love Peter lougars yeah oh yeah we're not gonna eat that without some Peter lougars takes so i was god damn it all i'll add in it eleven fifty six four minutes to moon at five sixty wc i'm don't forget we got the where's that promo i kind of stuck it in the back and they got lost back there joined a big dog Joe rose one to three today he's feeling for man dog yam has got a really cushy deal joined Joe for a live broadcast at hooters and pepper pines one to three marlins outside or outside or outside of an outfield or cliff Lloyd the rumors have been he's gonna be marlins outside or he'll be on hand signing out of raffle along with qm prize patrol plus you can meet the beast the new slim beast who still account and believe the marlin will be on hand with yoster i balance a good for my global to be a start in the shoes all-stirking while happening one to three of hooters with Joe rose speaking of exciting places pop at o park you better get out there tonight pungia brains out live harness racing at its best three nights a week Wednesday friday and center day first post time seven thirty coney curl it won't be there cuz he's here before he's good free general parking free club house and grand send admission every afternoon evening pop at o park offers the only night time horse racing actually entire state and of course he can plunge a brains out at pungio any day the week seven days with cymbal casting tomorrow center day June fifteen bring that out to celebrate fathers day eve at pop at o park free gift for all dads and free and picoop on the winds and great prizes including a tonight's stay in round trip air fair to crypto palace casino to bhammas tickets to marlin game movie co-thedders they see escaped in a cruise brown county fair and lots more plus there will be any will father some mini horse race three mini horse rides for all the kids you can meet the two new board many horses fold this week plus enter the name the mini full contest all starting this Saturday at seven p.m. how about many me sounds good and they like that as what for a mini horse okay name the mini more for anyway everyone's the downloaded pomp and a party at ramp your hot dog sodas large pretzel or popcorn for only a bucket piece on Wednesday Friday and Saturday pomp and a park offer special all you can eat buffet on the four four players lounge soup salad tons of edgy's main on page to choose from a great dessert all for one low price and every Friday and Saturday including tonight carving station with turkey hand permit pork or flank steak on at fabulous buffet all waiting for you a pomp and a park harness on power line road a black side of the landing bullet bar horse spot where you five sixty you know what I mean yeah yeah yeah yeah actually we here this is how I David when I take my feldeen I listen to the nil rages 12th the one hour not George because he stupid in stores now the job of the hots whole life will such and yeah for the skin you will love to come oh my god you might have heard someone he's funny when friends get look like years younger in a matter of minutes man that means we're done right with job of the hot home life will such you can and come in soon the you're the home pro-tology can yeah we're done by all how oh they can't give a little probe 12.15.60.wc don't let the white library ill hear about that but he's become very anal since so we did that piece you know how long was that about a year about about a year ago we did that piece in the about eating and since white library ill put that on your head that's the crazy look on his post it's enough to make you want to grow that mustache back don't blame our good friend yell not so bright for that though because you don't want to be mentioned in the year iron butterfly and a god of the fetus pulling away from the pack baby oh yeah no contest today oh it is speaking okay that's perfect timing I slut into a bucket of crap against speaking of no contest in 62 years of boy state the annual american legions positive convention on civics and patriots and vry schoolers the american bright is the first former governor of the boys to run for real governor florida speaking of no contest as he got an in-chance oh janir we know she got a change no no i'm tony man the democratic party don't have to worry Robert just a calm we couldn't win a fixed election unlike you guys i'm extremely calm guy i'm sure you are well especially getting out of there in a couple months Roberts leaving qa into which we say uh regulations are hard-felking regulations moving out of a real life getting out of that psychotic place returning forty years after his teenage election McGrind offered some political lessons yesterday for this year's class at boy state the biggest one is clean play McGrind the group of not throwing at fsu clean play on that's a good place to be talking about uh clean play as fsu or they never met a gangster they didn't like there is too much partisanship and too much infighting too much people going at each other said McGrind was elected governor by his voice day class of 1962 is that the same voice as the one did Timothy uh yeah thanks oh too often that's what happens in politics everybody's looking at the false in somebody else he said in his race against former u.s. attorney general janir reano for the democratic nomination for governor McGrind pledged to avoid negative campaigning in other words he's not going to talk about who falling down all the time and being a little shaky and he's not going to show pictures of that little kid in the closet should he get a chance to run against republican governor javoshe's who jetted later he'll campaign against the governor's plans not the person he won't be talking about the governor's daughter and all those prescriptions and his two sons were like hope the crazy than a bedbug first two out of chance to address voice day doing it's week in the capital a voice risk convention which leaders had to manage boys attempting to delete the orchestra put in the fsu auditorium the bids class also produced another politician u.s. representative alan boy to monocelo i didn't know we had a monocelo and thwarted you know that nope where does it i thought it was in New York or by the racetrack since its inception the nineteen forty voice day governor is a run for a speaker of the state house and a president and congress how about Marvin maker at monocelo but mcri at a temporary law is the first book governor to go for the real thing my opponent forty years ago was an eloquence speaker mcriad recall adding a dash of humility apparently a lot of people voted for me because they wanted to make it a close race he has got a child in stance he's not going to get the nomination and she ain't going to be jett boy no chance not little chance not slim not next to none no chance okay very sad oh and speaking that here's a good follow up to that al-goura plan strategy retreat al-goura plans to compare notes with tab democratic fundraisers and members of his old campaign team at a strategy retreat later this month as he weighs another run for the presidency and you know the other one they keep talking about hope julee brun oh uh... the guy the guy the guy who a personality retreat yeah the guy and no he needs a personality transplant is what he needs both of them fact they didn't get a package deal there's the guy that helped make sure put the nails in a coffin make sure that he lost any one of the seven states all of my grum states that good julee brun not just a julee but one of those a bible thumping orthodox jules all he needs is the talusonia and the yama could like complete the deal as they say and then of course there's always raffnator but he's busy with the NBA the two thousand democratic presidential nomadies some of them in a way Memphis Tennessee session at the end of this month the three-day retreat which is said for june from the 30th at the p-body hotel will include a private dinner Friday with most of the restaurant reserved for the formal vice president and the donors that's today veteran democratic fundraisers Mitchell burger a four-waterdale said expensive see many of the top democratic money raisers at the meeting in Memphis maybe you'll see some what is an emphasis that would he graber chronic what he on the phone and he's can't call us anymore sometimes will do something Memphis bigger place for what he did lynch his ass there i'd love to see it not what he graber the other would he Memphis is going to be an opportunity for many old and some new friends to get together within the uh... financial backing for many national democratic campaigns in the past burger said they stood side by side before or as we say up here side by each this is an opportunity for them to get together and be with Alan tipper and discuss the state a democratic politics currently in the future i'll tell you the state of democratic politics just melted not too good burger said it's clear that goes interested in running for president again noting a strong performance in two thousand he got more popular to vote that anybody sends Ronald Reagan he said the gathering was expected to include former staffers now i said just Peter night also the birthday financial firm of metropolitan west Elaine comac who teaches at Harvard University and leon furth a visiting professor which was washing the university associates and the reprieve on the dinner at the local democrats and a party at a local blues club much of the repeat is expected to be private there said and then i got to tell us what he's going to grow the beard back and on the thing will make a difference now the thing that will put you up a little bit no that was that wait i don't know that's right he pulled up a lot too thanks to get tipper yeah like i said and we got tipper with the first lady to go around and send to records and music stores that out of the good sensor all the CDs then she can still work on the internet course i'll invented it so i guess she's got a way to be a sensor in it fed stockpile anti-radiation pills you got yours yet no robber you got any now but come we don't have any federal agencies in Washington ordered 350 thousand potassium iodide pills this week from a North Carolina company to protect people from cancer caused by radioactive iodine which can be released in nuclear explosions the agencies are stockpiling the pills in case of a nuclear event said good and john drove a spokesman for the office of homeland security it's been an ongoing effort john were said adding that it's not a direct result of the rest of his a padea that's suspected al-Qaeda member of a planing a dirty bomb attack in Washington the government orders monday in two day represent nine percent of new pills dot com's business this year and were 18 percent higher than the companies total two thousand sales said owner Troy Jones private citizens are buying him as well their stockpiling in two thousand and whoever heard of potassium iodide Jones said Thursday until then his only clients were survivalists and those who live new reactors after nine eleven many people ordering the pills that protect the thyroid plan from radioactive iodine a cancer causing agent it can be released in huge plumes and atomic explosions don't the peacocks have those huge plumes yes and there is matter fact out by me there in the acres there are people that have peacocks yeah and chickens and peans no some serious and they like who are crawl around in a road and getting you waiting to sit there waiting to cross the road and they're very arrogant about that and they're very noisy because those people who live in a particular area i don't want to get the two specific but they think they're still not in the country i think if they like crawl out from under the bottom of the house someday and go out there and summarize bullet about luck around they realized that life is passing them by and they're not living in the country anymore i could i could be wrong about that i don't think so you've been out there you think they're living in the country right or no not no more so give it those damn peacocks anyway the orders of nearly over one jones three person sales team since monday went attorney general john ascrop an ounce patee is a rest and everybody's there going like that however experts believe a dirty bomb it released other kinds of radiation potassium iodide which sells for about a dollar a pill would be helpful only if a dirty bomb used radioactive iodide instead of other radioactive substances and then only for people close to the explosion people are buying this product because they think they're going to protect themselves from a dirty bomb jones said they're buying it because they think something worse is going to happen to this country such as an attack on a nuclear plant or a suitcase nuclear bomb john rose and go in that far but it knows the government's making large vise of potassium iodide the purchases were made by agencies including the in our sea the federal emergency manager an agency the Department of Energy in the Department of Health and Human services the FDA approved over the counter sales of potassium iodide nineteen eighty two it recommends that anyone exposed to radioactive iodide i take one tabla daily for up to fourteen days and recommend smaller doses for children john said he was getting about one order per minute and most of the new clients were from the washman area the paedia arrest you said was a wake-up call another as people are starting to get like a little bit nervous kind of like that like i said you got yours yet no no didn't we used to sell it when we sold salt the divert we talked about this selling salt iodide salt right that's not just as good what is that i saw it salt with iodide in it now is that good i guess i can't hurt it's good for you you need to certain amount of iodide in your out of the diet in fact we used to take iodide and when you when you take iodine i'm not recommending this but if you take iodine and put on your wrist yeah it disappears no it's a body of warps right and it was the the greater your deficiency in iodine in your body the faster it like such it in like magic yeah and of course people are realized that but the skin is like a tremendous receptor so she she met that you rub by on your skin now i didn't say it what you thought she met that you rub on your skin like it's absorbed in your uh... and your system right which makes you wonder about things like uh... you know when you go to the beach and you rub on all that copper tone all that crap some block what doesn't have real copper in it so i get i guess you're blood's not going to burn in a global problem at a high-ing front of its past every good for somebody on the stations better fact commas or last down real bad maybe from at its past no at five sixty wcum here's sometimes good for those not a very about this the ancient Romans and geeks and geeks they know about it that's why all of the game so big all over europe and of course in the western world with only a major benefits of all the world without this marina like i was saying only moments ago no shmarin with only a med because it's a soft yoke capital all you do is pop than in your post only might contain from a single great all of all i would vitamins and minerals and or was to promote health for all different parts of your body they have on product up your prostate there's one for your heart your blood pressure one for your cholesterol all you might got supplements to promote health in your circulatory system your digestive and endocrine system your skin and bones even for your mind all using the benefits of the finest olive oil that might be can buy and like i tell you all the time all the amounts got products from men and for ladies as well pick up some all you might this weekend you'll find it available stores all over time it's a wall greens whole food markets and all pharmacy and sedanos if you want to get more information about their products they got a tool for you number and they'll be ecstatic to answer all your questions about the only one might products and what they can do for you column till free at one eight six six only a man that's one eight six six ol a o md and don't forget you know the products on the website do with them all right what the hell did you we did it three on switch i think of these regions could be loggeric and like take a nap anyway we got a episode are you watching the local channels there right now whether happens right now a woman off the two stop after the rectum's i wrote which dot and in the summer the same verb is a hospital and we got a possible hostage situation to go shooting and ran in randomly into a hall okay and what do we know about the condition of this corrections officer as of yet we don't know yet he was rushed to a local hospital to come by amy jackson hospital where he is undergoing treatment but evidently very fortunately for him he was at least able to derive himself away from the shooting scene uh... to the scaffolding imagine and with uh... able to get help for himself all right soothing candy on the telephone there from the Miami area as investigators are now looking into a shooting that took place in the coconut growth section of Miami just moments ago and we're still awaiting the condition as he heard Susan say of the corrections officer who was shot in the stomach and police around the coconut grove home where the suspect is buried to be hold up along with possibly a woman and children will be updating you on that i'm sure you will but there you go more uh... another good example of why everybody should have a gun this guy this guy this stop he just stopped as directions you understand and he on the right side of his car and he got into a scuffle over a gun which it's not clear who had the gun originally whatever and then uh... guess what he's a shot in a luckily he was at the car running and he was able to get some of the hospital immediately and hopefully he'll go survive there you go boys and girls another great example of why crazy people would gun not necessarily such a good idea but that's he american effort away and they can have a good change here's your fact that's very impressive i was thinking about this watching a game last night since i just want to reinforce the fact that steve ijemen will ever be a superstar because he's too small as buying his bm now we know i call him bm library when he was in south from because he's small like it in the acted like it wanted idiotic comment that he made right to my face it's too bad for steve he'll never be a great player because he's too small like i said there's a real man for you steve ijemen leaving his advanced states to look for seven zinid like ten years ago pretty close looks pretty good to me and nevertheless played through all those injuries and the entire playoffs phenomenal gonna have knee surgery now be out for up to six months they said but still managed to play right through the last game last night helped him when the cup a lot of people thought he'd get the MVP again but they're spread it around necklace lottio was the first european player ever when it comes my trophy which i think that's good because it'll piss off down cherry so what does wrong with that nice gun air steve y and ice go on all the ways in the skydiving quits for sure a lot about that on a morning show this morning and then they got the husk but in the protein gully steve there would have got to be on monday that just it may as me so in other words the prizes are going to be uh... all these uh... panther oriented stuff but got for bit we should talk about hockey on a show just said to me on that morning basketball show that we've got but anyway just move right along okay i'm wearing a putt on the crap conservative priests in van koevers anglic and dyesy said rejected last days proposal a kwell of civil war over the blessing of same sex unions the anglic and dyesy said new west minister faces collapsed today as it's governing body of set the world of whether to prepare a right to bless same sex unions i'm overponent table trigger a formal split in the dyesies see we got some crap going on up here to a all this is over there in bc i have a feeling it's going to be a very painful day for all of us at revincarclio a spokesman for the dyesy's conservative caucus i pray for a miracle so god can halt his train wreck before it kills people's faith the caucus yesterday we've been in temp i'm bishop michael ingham to a preventive partition of the local dyesy salon theological lines over the contentious issue of blessing game as being unions expected to pass that the dyeses in sin of the day a first in Canada ready for that i'm ready i'm going to pass in the bc today they expect bishop and impropos that a conservative truth leader be appointed as a visiting bishop to provide pastoral care to any clergy felt they could not receive adequate care from a dyesy's leader who bless the same sex unions the proposal also calls for conscience clause allowing perishes that cannot support the blessing of same sex unions to bar such blessings from their congregation refer me also these concessions are inadequate it's counter-descriptory said it's counter the word of god there's no place for sexual activity outside the covenant of mirage we can't ignore god's word it's not negotiable it's counter the word of god he said refer revincarclio will table a counter motion of the if the plan of the same sex unions passes it calls for a formless split of the dyesy salon theological lines to establish a new non-geographical dyeses dyeses comprised of eighty perishes in 25,000 congregates in salon western bc is known for its liberal tendencies with a vocal conservative minority today's vote comes after a divisive five-year dyeses in battle in 1998-51 percent of delegates at senate support of the move to gay and lesbian inclusion in 1991-56 and a half percent supported blessing same sex union bishop in him twice declined to implement the directive because the margin of support was so narrow however in a letter written to delegates yesterday he announced the pain and frustration of gay and lesbian members of dyesy satley slowness of progress third full inclusion of the church ah so there you go whether they like it or not we're doing it send your wax held you saw the store a couple days ago make sure and by the way look at that the plus common as the ex-integration of the halloween all happy day you notice how they keep manipulating this crap yeah way up that it's like wild and hysterical and of course over a period of time just keeps going lower or worse i was noticed that start watching it right now now that your money is out it'll go up just to spite you no one no another my money yeah you have no idea i didn't want to tell you how many thousands of dollars i'm ahead of the game just by yeah how do we go for all but i mean just since today i got out a couple weeks ago like two weeks whatever was i'm kissing the ground i'm kissing my checkbook whatever i got left and of course you know i mean you know four years down the road it could make a big combat i'm gonna have no i have no problems with that what if k-serassura because i've had enough stress and enough angst and if i would if i were still like invested in any of this crap right now i'd be i'd be i'd be every minute i'd be crapping in my pants that's an honest uh feeling about how i would be doing i'd be having a green apple quick step round the clock even my sleeve i'd have to wear depends because it's just a scary thing anyway semi-alox on man-hatten-based inclonsisteminks in battle former chief executive was arrested when's the morning by the FBI and charged with illegal insider training by the SEC see how can anybody invest in be investing in any of this crap i'm talking about any of these uh uh equities when it's so obvious that there's all this chicane rego and on we know which companies gonna be the next enron or the next inclone rock sold it not in a replay when he was a rain in federal court man hadn't was released on ten million dollars bond half in cash financial new services reported the FBI arrested by sell on nine charges including two concert conspiracy to commit securities fraud six counts of insider training in one charge or purge before live the SEC semi-accel was a CEO and he held a who held a powerful position and the trusted inclone shareholders a lean blotter assistant director the SEC's northeast region office manhand full the Bloomberg news service he exploded that position to protect his and his family's wealth in its complaint the commission charged at walks out received news last December that the u.s. FDA would soon issue a decision rejecting for review inclons pending application to market its cancer treatment drug air but talks the SEC charges that walks out past along this bad news to family members who then sold inclone stock before the information became public the SEC said it walks along self-try to sell shares of inclone before the news became public in its lawsuit filed in federal court manhandle the commission six in order to require that walks out give up or discord the seven million dollars in losses avoid by those family members he tipped up yeah let him turn money back over all the other poor suckers who lost their ass that's what i say a disgrace right there in your face human cloning band fought his in the senate president bush's quest to ban all human clothing cloning appears to have hit a legislative wall in the senate effective killing proposals chances for congressional passage this year senators on both sides of issue said yesterday senator sand brown back at Kansas republican had been pushing the bush proposal which was approved over one in the last year and the GOP lead house but in a meeting this week with the republican colleagues brown back modified his proposal away two year moratorium on him including instead of a permanent ban and in the case they didn't have enough support for all our prohibition i don't think total banning will be offered because at this point i don't think we have the votes to get it done said senator rickson to unpensive any republican supports by back's original bill a white house lobby a speak none condition of anonymity said the proposal would not come up anytime soon in other words they don't have the votes let's talk about the status is two by the way we're at this weekend we don't care about all those people who have those degenerate diseases like parkinson's all those debilitating things like diabetes like some of us have we don't care about you people because we have to be fetus huggers and stem cell huggers embryo huggers went and down hug one in fact instead of that song kiss a a structure good morning at the plan to show how about kiss an embryo good morning would be good the right wing is out of love that iron butterfly and a god of the beta forty seven votes it's winning hands down your pants how big did the other ones win by and the previous three days soft or that's right not gonna come close to soft cell you realize that that had fourteen i know although i'm wrong about that sickers we don't have that many votes under yet but by the end of the survey come Monday morning there will be a lot but percentage wise this one's got sixteen percent were soft cell and tainted love had fourteen percent on Monday Tuesday thin mozi at nine point six percent of the total vote and dexie's midi one is common and had eight percent so iron butterfly and a god of the beta is like just off to the races twelve twenty six and five sixty w q i'm actually shopping at total waste of time don't do it don't do it the traditional way anyway do it by making a phone call to our good friends at dialama christ one eight hundred mattress because they give you so much more than just great service and i know what i'm talking about because the few times that i've needed in my press over the last i call them there there are no time at all and they take away the crappy old bedding and set up a fantastic no mattress at an unbeatable everyday low price and they show up exactly on time when they said they're going to be there whenever it's convenient for you you'll pick the two hour window and the day like between ten and noon noon and two one and three four and six got it good got it and because dialama christ has got the deepest slice to brand name actresses they don't have to do the old bait and switch and you know the video macros you didn't really want in the first place they got all the top names surda cd simins and he core like i said unbeatable prices too and they give you that thirty day in home comfort trial let's you really try to macros the way you should do it uh not like you know what some sales guy standing over in the super in a uh department store i'm getting soaked up just thinking about it but like sleep and on it and doing your thing on it for a third days to make sure it's the one it's good for you and your back so if you want to start really sleeping great night after night get yourself a great new mattress the unbeatable bay would just by making a one easy call one eight hundred mattress that's all it takes one eight hundred maltit rds or check them out in the web put call mid-day go man i'm a star we days at one on sports video five sixteen she's a full juay yeah it's Friday you best yeah hi Felicia gee i love your dress and your hair looks so shiny and manageable are you still shampooing with head and shoulders gosh check i stopped using head and shoulders a long time ago i mean honestly who grows down their shoulders anyway yeah right so what are you using now well it's like head and shoulders only without all those additives it's just called head let's tell them about it girls if you tie your double oh chance yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah just remember what i said you feel better if you get some head oh what could i get head lots of places chick you can stop by my place later and i'll be happy to give you some cash in fifty minutes i'll have you shampooed dialed and blown dry you don't miss a link do you tensed out great but is it expensive? not at all chick i'd rather says there are places downtown where you can get head for less than ten dollars darling at that price everyone should be getting head that's right chick when you say head you set a mouth full hi i'm dr Raymond Felotti from Felicia my luncheon i'm going to kill you why you should get head first at lubricates each lymph hair follicle leading an erect listening shaft then the scalp's natural oils are sucked out of the root leading your hair soft shiny and exhausted nothing does the job like head great can i get head for my hairdressant bruise? probably but you might want to try your girl friend first and get some head today yeah yeah let us work go the long way yeah yeah you'll love the better and you'll feel to rip yeah yeah and you get head your lucky stiff what hair with lots of volume nothing gets it up like head available to price you won't find hard to swallow and it's going down every day honey we're out of shampoo can you go out and get some head what did you say? i said i wanted to go out and get head oh thank you sweet Jesus i'm going down down and head makes a great holiday gift last Christmas my wife gave me some head then i gave her a pearl necklace i've never seen her so choked up my girlfriend used to give me head then we got married now i'm lucky if i get jargon's lotion in a national tube when she's dressed you will want to stop can't feel the good my love your talk you had in the shower you want to come you had the love your love your love your love your love can't do it can't restrated and feeling so can't get that's you never put what i said can you feel better if you get some head you feel better if you get some head oh yeah oh oh oh oh oh oh oh god oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh head shampoo come on give it a shot nah i air looks great you're the nap 345-60 WDQ anyway they showed a couple minutes ago they've seen from the girl i guess which part of the grove was in what i'm tuning to the place you want to go i give up and they got three kids three little duck and pumpkin kids out of the house exactly the idea of what part of the grove was the other side of 375 right the other side of the tracks kind of like a hell in there you know two loose like tracks see i don't know maybe i'm wrong about this i audio and our eight people you've gone nuts nothing we can do this stop you but don't you think at least maybe just for starters for like the next ten years we don't like sparches have gone so do you think that's a good idea too late oh i mean somewhere along the line we have to we have to like uh draw the line here's a fact that says which please play Bob and Tom which i just did you're welcome i saw in vh1 interview with a member or iron butterfly the leaching or couldn't pronounce in the garden of Eden and so in the garden of Eden the lead was born could pronounce in the garden of Eden which is what was supposed to be that's not correct this not the guy who wrote it one of the members of the band who might have been the leaching or something like that delivered pizza was his day job and he had a mouthful of pizza when he was telling them a bit I'm awful of pizza maybe he was given head champ and that's how it came out and they thought it was really funny and it stuck huh well anyway i'll tell y'all in the number of members of the uh because i looked it up because i was so editing you were close but close don't count only in horses and quits the seven inch version was edited down from the original i mean yes yes seven inch but doesn't say how long it was oh seven inches ain't bad seven inch version edited down from the original 17 minute album cut so was 17 15 long it was pretty goddamn long 17 minutes the album cut anyway iron butterfly hard rock group and said he ago dug angle was the lead singer vocals and keyboards Eric Brown Brown BRA you and in no relation to Bob Brown uh play the guitar lead drum and bass and run bushy on the drums in a gutter to be a 9 28 68 and you know something what it wasn't that big of a hit was seven weeks under chart the highest that ever got was number 30 huh and he liked that so it was another one of those things that at the time it was i mean i'm ever playing that in Kalamazoo Michigan no less but it just wasn't that gigantic but as time went on if it came bigger and bigger and just uh gigantic 1236 at five 60 WQM he was rich handsome and dashing a young man with triad on speed and danger and died under mysterious circumstances last week Michael Antinoys experimental helicopter cracked into a Tampa house he walked away with minor range reasons benches to few hours in the hospital before being released walking out with his parents hours later the 30 year old Antinoys time to board a single engine session to play in circle over busy intersection for 40 minutes then the plane broke away and those died into a dry sapper swan 20 miles outside the city or speaker of the helicopters on passion today Ethan finally takes off with the tereisa released to try to take our right to the end of that helicopter and in the early part of the show which you must see all the passion viewers one of the great lines in his piece of soap operas this poor what's in mk k who's got the hats from a girl in his desperate to save him from zombie charity who if she uh bangs uh Miguel that's good means he's gonna die and she's got Miguel like glued down there on a beach in the rain the pouring rain over his glistening almost naked body and she's ready to do the she's got her knee and his nuts and his k is trying to find them she's wandering around in the rain saying to herself where would a suck of this that's what they call them on a show a suck of this zombie take Miguel to try to do some and she says oh yeah the most sick place would be a cemetery she's as I hope he's not stiff when I get there it's more ways than one which I thought that was pretty we had asked on CNN this morning and we're talking about Miguel being stiff on passion oh making some little tiny step progress boys and girls getting back to the story his death left his family and investigators struggling to explain what happened was it's suicide or an accident or maybe he's just a crappy pilot and to know I left no noted in family had sent to a spokesman that suspects mechanical problems caused the crash but the NTSB said Wednesday that the preliminary investigation found no obvious mechanical problems with either aircraft the husband or county medical examiner's office is a waiting toxic county tested terminal they've been drinking or under the influence of drug so far the office has only said that antinourary dot of head injury suffered in the crash the sheriff's department is also investigating we may never know what happened of sheriff spokesman Rod Reader said how do you like that so first the experimental helicopter crashed into a house he walked away and then like hours later he gets back into another one and about a big one of the uh right of the ground did his mom always talked about how he was a good boy who wouldn't have anything she didn't want him to do she never thought to tell him not to go on the roof and jump at a pool walters said he jumped into a swimming pool climbing up on a roof is a teenager it just wasn't in the airway until the retuckers chances he also in the race car 97 convertible dodge viper and a 10,000 won BMW last year he played a no contest to driving under the influence and lost his license for six months his driving record included ten other infractions of fully convictions for careless and a proper driving some friends and family members believe that to remain climbed into the cockpit of the plane so soon after the first crash because he wanted to prove he was still a competent pilot I guess he didn't prove that did he no if that's what he was trying to prove I guess what work out to well very sick twenty till one brought that you Joe Rose over there who knows today's gonna have a dynamite show for you because the mad dog continues showing up on every daily feels like it the mad dogs got the best gig in the universe that's what i'm hearing I'll tell you speaking the best in universe pizza office the best place for some inexpensive beats that are delicious that doesn't tell you that right now inexpensive fresh cook just away like it all the Italian goodies you love three different kinds of great pizza garlic rolls just dripping with garlic that will melt in your mouth there's a soft and tender indolentious every kind of Italian dish chicken and meal seafood calzone super subs they got all the law and they got special nights every night of the week so you know whole gang can eat at a pitons of a price and of course now that the weekend is upon us so many other broad restaurants they make you stand a long lines Fridays and Saturdays not at the pizza lot that's why Jeff keeps expanding making it bigger and bigger in fact he spends a lot of time on that making it as big as he possibly can so you don't have to wait on long lines to get it in the out to pizza law don't forget to take out our delivery or for catering call this number nine five four nine one six eighty eighty nine five four nine one six eighty eighty and of course you'll find a pizza lot in the pizza lot times the right the one in ports on the universe that he drive and they need to be corner the arm and all cafe right behind and I just say right the MP1 imports you just said that law say it again it's right guess what it's right behind here what imports that place yeah pizza loft you won't break the bag by going over the whole family again and again so go there and have yourself a great the meal is weekend don't forget the brand new law in plantation guys where there are no loose how straight to hell on sports radio 560 QAM they've all died in the third yeah it's me the yelling guy anger Anderson I'm a man I'm a man's man man I'm a man we man man sometimes when I'm at the urinal I get a stage fright I have a shy bladder then it hits me these other guys next to me must think I'm a tool gaser damn so I get more and more nervous one time I stood there for hours I'm at some pretty nice fellas though comforted 550 here is some of the most disgraceful news I've ever heard in my life let's discuss those guidelines what the Vatican officials also feel a little bit uncomfortable with is that those bishops are actually deciding on on rules and regulations if you want which none necessarily will have the backing of the Vatican and therefore can the Vatican may not accept zero tolerance policy how do you like that all the other plans yeah well not only that but probably clean out the old am sure they won't have any a pre-slaught through any bishops and the comment is in this report on CNN right now that the bishops in the Dallas are acting as we all know but it's interesting for them to put it in these words they're acting under tremendous pressure because the cat is out of the bag the whole scandals out of the closet so the racking under tremendous pressure because people are saying ah this one one strike and you out the so are you don't get one free pass of listing our kids but the Vatican may not accept zero tolerance policy what kind of crap is that typical unbelievable Jesus Joseph and Saul man so what goes to show you just at a time when they're trying to put on his big PR campaign and put on a great dog and pony show for the public at least give the appearance of really trying to put it in all this crap they're not going to do it because the Vatican won't sit still for even that shaky old Polish Pope he had going to sit still for it i mean who the hair how are they to be making policy policy comes from the Vatican which is their own little country over there see they think the dealer would like the kind of a neary over here in the you know the state police and they can like dictate law here and they've been doing pretty good for a long time the public isn't going to sit still for that and if they if that flies what they're talking about now and if this whole thing that they're trying to pass today if this wind up getting water down you ain't seen nothing yet baby you ain't seen nothing yet the fool is really going to and these victims are going to become apoptctic the lawsuits are going to fly like crazy even more than ever before so chronic tenon primitive pines who just can't control himself he says the music from the fifty sixties and seventies is some of the best music ever made you are absolutely correct and i wasn't even around the last seventies he said there never be another era like that and the stuff will be remembered much more than the freaking nineties well of course there just was not a good music in the nineties except the course for ninety eight degrees i think the reason no one's voted for the cheater is because stupid say that's why i played a bob cubanir i find maybe the cubans would like it he said no one's voted for the cheater's because stupid stations like magic play the same twenty songs over and over again that's it the great songs but even great songs would be played too much i've heard so many great songs for my parents songs that i never heard on magic well that's because magic sucks him magic blows it blows their playlists 14 songs and after he heard those 14 songs each about 14 thousand times after that they stick in a little bit stale about a how great they were then tingles on the say there's a beetle song called little Anna never heard it on magic one out did you ever hear little Anna no i never heard that either i don't think there is a beetle song called little Anna maybe that's why we didn't hear it on magic you know what song he could be talking about what i don't know i'm that's a man who i thought of that when i read it i try well let me take a look i mean the people's only have about 600 listings i'm sure in my book here so this should take no more than four or five hours a ten year bug in me ten little Anna i don't think so and if it was it made of an account one of their albums but i don't remember we're hearing it my funny my body lies over the ocean anybody seen Anna i'm looking for Anna anybody's senior don't see that bitch lovely read it ill enter rigby lady Madonna lady vagina the pallet of john and yoko martyred yeah free as a third i don't see it there's no such little Anna like i said it could have been a cut on some album maybe that's why they're not playing it's in maybe doesn't exist well i almost forgot about this story we can't get by the day without this remember i talked about this yesterday briefly what from the UK what about the two robbers oh the uh the morons the idiotic brits which i hate to be redundant there the silly brits and it's this from the UK hey mo hey laria can't see and i started thinking about mo and larian but they're tough and we're just short-term it's said the techs were left in stitches by security camera film of a robbery by two teenagers who forgot to cut i holes in their masks officials waffles who's rather watched in astonishment is the pair repeatedly bumped into one another demanded money from a shop wall and failed to notice their news agent victim dialing nine nine lawyers at euro crown court were convulsed in their turn as details emerged about Thomas rathbone no relation to basal eighteen and a seventeen euro were cannot be an infrelegal reasons crashed into the shop counter finally in frustration they made the carmel mistake of pulling off their mask to get their bearings of the security camera haha the pair admitted charges of robbery in europe in july the court heard on monday they had succeeded only in seeing three packs of cigarettes rathbone of europe was sent to a young offenders institution for a year and the other youth was given a year's detention and training word or whatever that means they're gonna give a training bra a spokesman for north yorkshire police who may find the video hard to resist as a christmas party item said they must have been the dumbest waders in the world the video is more of a force than a hold on gay you gotta poke holes in it guys and you know this man it's pretty good son bob and i wouldn't get all been on i mean a tin whatever your name is will get all been on a shape about that there's better popsicles and i suppose by the merbaid is that got any votes i'm gonna look at their right now but you have never any are you looking not yet bob coobin got one how about telly where i'll go on a roses got a pair i bet you maybe popsicles nice of a side for a play to make it one or two you think i don't see any no you forget it's here uh it'll get one or two it doesn't have any yet it's right on the bottom the mermaids have none the mermaids have none now too i could get all upset about that and get spastic right here on a goddamn radio am i gonna get spastic about they don't like it it's kind of like a bubble gummi song it's maybe a little bit too well you know it's not a heavy duty song looks under one's a day love like dexie's midday writers and come on i lean you know tainted love yeah or tated love by soft cell i think some of these people out of the inner cell a padded cell can you believe in benny mardonis is second no get out of here well take a look well i haven't been looking at it i haven't been paying any attention for while benny mardonis been creeping up there well yeah but it's uh iron butterflies got 51 benny mardonis is got 27 frankly goes to hollywood relax 26 big country in a big country got 26 25 so so the battle for second is very very tight i mean uh you know iron butterfly no contest hey need to create a gift for fathers day in new baby your graduation sending a bare grand gift from the vermonteddy bear company is a perfect idea like i always tell you for daddy can choose from bears like the policeman bear doctor fisherman or golfer bear or surprise the graduate in your life with a groovy grand bear or the classic graduation bear wearing a black or white gown cap with tassel and a diploma just call this toll for you number friendly bear council will have to choose from over a hundred handcrafted bear for any occasion 1-800-829 bear and of course also it'll be personalized for them to deliver in a couple of whole gift box with a card delicious chocolate 1-800-829 bear over night and senator divers guaranteed dads and grads will love it so send a beautiful vermonteddy bear which will be enjoyed forever because vermonteddy bears are guaranteed for life so call 1-800-829 bear you still have time by the way they do it today even time for vambis day or shop online and vermonteddy bear dot com so call 1-800-829 please don't let me go toward the decal the vermonteddy bear 6-800-829 6-800-829 neo rodger 6-800-829 you know there's really not too much involved when i write these decons i simply think of different groups of words that come into my head as it wasn't put up fact that the lyrics come to me spontaneous i probably would never pull out for writing songs like this one outside the little is the last well i'll show you just how easy i choose whatever comes to my mind and express it through my voice it's funny but most people think that songs like this took months to write but the beauty is this one took me all of 20 seconds and it's almost done just as far as two more songs are created today's take that please away this one is and i can write my next CD and miss there's no big deal about it i'll tell you one thing that hell ainess more such you get some on your little but 257 at 5.62 m jim and it line of facts is the pinhead that the meaning tin was referring to a song called Anna by the Beatles on their first to release number an and no i don't remember that either but i'm sure that the jim and it line was what he's talking about thank you jim music fans find death of quality what how time of this is from USA today couple days ago perhaps the most nebula's wine and fandom concerns they perceive death of good music roughly 27,000 titles are dumped in the marketplace annually at many consumers particularly casual or older fans less prone to rooting out new sounds