All right time for Neil to come in
You will take you up till two o'clock can vote for me now
Kim's turn in the barrel today
Maybe not I'm dealing with this phone thing
What's my phone pod open wait a minute let's see
I hear you
Oh and I'm not talking about me I'm talking about the phone man
The phone man
Uh oh
Uh, geez
What's going on here again
Uh
More QA and technical hijinks and it's got to be on that end
I can't uh
I can't deal with it
It's just another day
Yeah, just another day in paradise
Is somebody
Oh yeah, I'm sorry I brought that up
Now what's the uh what the hell is this thing on
It's not bad enough we got to crow tomorrow before the ball game
That's not bad enough
So you're uh well you go to two right
Tomorrow yeah
Yeah, but Wednesday and Thursday we go to all of 12 30
I want to clock games for those afternoon game
What a life
Yeah, I used to lead that life
Yeah
But let's see if I've fallen other phones is not going to work
Keep getting a message up there got a problem on his hand
Anyway, uh, what's that thing on Friday with David Samson? What's all that?
He's going to host the show get out of here
I'm not getting I'm I'm going to host the show
I'm at the Arkansas Derby
State of the marlins with David Samson
No, it's not state of the marlins he's just hosting the show
State of the union
No, it's not state of anything
Hosting this show a little twerp like that
Who sounds like Mickey Mouse on helium
Get out of here
When I'm not here I'm going to start
And inviting people to come in for a day
Yeah, let's let's let's let's let's go all Martinez
Let's call sure
Good idea
How I'm like
Ralu
This phone ain't got a work boys
That's because Miguel's working today
That's they want to take any calls I guess
It's on your end
It's not going to work
Let me start my end
You can do a crossover with him
Oh my god, look at this
This is totally screwed up
Oh, what was that?
I can pick him up
What do you mean you can pick him up
Punch punch up an empty liner just put it on here
Hello hello
Oh, this is good
This is like one of those phone calls
Where he is?
Can you hear me?
Hello
This is the usual QA
What a way to start the week
Here's another QA
One-time error assistant producer
Type mismatch
Type mismatch
What does that mean
You're not matching up with us
Well do I have to change this
From dv1 to dv2 or dv sharp
How about dv sharp
Mashed hater time
I like the idea Ralu and Martinez
I clicked dv2
Oh wait, but maybe that did it
Maybe I just fixed it
Let's see
Oh yeah
Oh don't sound too promising
They run it in
But at least I just fixed it
All my genius are one
Huh?
Good God
Damn good
Yeah, I got to do all my own technical maintenance too
Can you make house calls?
No
Oh
I'm going to explain the table
You know that's got to be a joke
You're just doing that to aggravate me
Aren't you going to tell me that he's hosting the show on Friday
No
Oh
He thought Bo was terminal in the morning
Just you know Bo is on the sacked
And like I said he's good
But David Samson only doing it once
Oh in other words
Once he's going to
Oh brother
I'm going to give people a shot
We have a comment
I'd like to give him a shot
Hey David and by the way I see Barry
Do you see Barry's calling me yesterday
Yeah
He's totally
What have pimps become
No he's not a pimpy
He's ripping them in ass
I like it
Nice go on Barry
You the man
I didn't really get that
I think he's in that little peanut butter and jelly
on his baloney sandwiches today
Come on
I saw a lot of excuses in there
No and that's just that
But here he's ripping the fans
I like Jim Palmer's quote
He says you can't expect fans to come
And you don't have a viable major league team
It's a sad story
Right
And he was in his underwear when he said the two Jim Palmer
Wherever he was he was right
Now he was in somewhere Palm Beach County
Yeah he has a
Yeah that's where he stays most of the year
But David Samson your buddy
That's doing a show
Your partner in crime analysis
It should be embarrassing to Floridians
When attendance is announced is low
Well just not
Just like the Panthers
Is make up a number
They do anyway
Just announced 40,000 every game
Even if there's like 3,000 people there
It would be very disappointing
If we don't throw a million people this year
People say what can we do
The answers you need to come to games in more numbers
If you're not coming you need to go public as to why you're not
Because the team sucks because it's a little late team
It's all four of its first five games
That's why David
Because you had another fire sale
And you know the guys man
Yeah you see one thing about the public
Is that they've had it up to their earlobes
With billionaires always crying
Ah
Ah
Build a system
Wow why is it coming
Don't you want to come to the games
No
And we don't
The number they're using on a stadium
Now here's the thing where Sarah
It's Barry
In a thousand on a Wednesday for the second home game
You know here's the thing with the writers down here don't get it
Because they keep talking about this
300, 350 million for a stadium
The one in Washington is going to cost 600 million
The New Yankee Stadium in New York is going to cost 800 million
So where are they coming off with 300 million
The sky don't cost
A 6 or 700 million that the taxpayers
Footed the bill and then they sold it to Rodgers cable for 25 million
By the way
Tell me how to deal
And one of the New York papers
It says talking about Charlotte and San Antonio
That Major League Baseball which we've been telling people right along
Is apparently expressed concerns to the Marlins
About San Antonio's viability is a major league market
And the mayor
The mayor of Charlotte
Said he doesn't believe the city can support a third professional team
We're not ready if the Marlins see the same numbers
We have you question
They can move to Bubs
Why they're interested
Do you know that the bills are in big trouble
The bills are under verge of
And the Buffalo News on Friday
They were like up in arms
Because of the new NFL
They collected bargaining agreement doesn't
If they don't get more help for the small market teams
Bills may have to fold
Hard to believe it that's what they were saying
That would be hard to believe
Well believe me
We're just making it up
They were like foaming at the mouth
They were apoplectic
I mean that's the whole
You know what
That's baloney too
Now it's that baloney
It is
Okay
Well first of all
Very jackass they said this one
Looks like peanut butter and jelly but it's baloney berry
The entire NFL
They can't even tell the difference
The reason those teams can survive
A barrier on moron
The reason those teams can survive is because
I was having a day at the wood by the way
Oh yeah
Looks like you were freezing your ass off
I was
It was like a brown like a babushka
Maybe you were like
It was up there
33 degrees
And raining
It was brutal
I don't even know the name of the horse
I know it was Bob Bafford
Bob and John
Garrett Gomez was the jockey
But I don't know the name of the horse
Bob and John
See that's the thing with Therber and Racing Man
The quality of horses is so bad
The last so many years now
He had a lot of these
Fony baloney
You know smarty ass jones
All these other wannabes
This is a nice horse
I wouldn't mind only
I hope you're right
I don't think you got a horse that understand it
Need a Derby
That's a special horse
What was that horse's name
Brother Derek
Oh Derek
Yeah
It's named after our friend Derek
Maybe that was the one that Garrett Gomez was writing
Oh no wait a minute
No no Garrett Gomez was in New York
Now how come most of the great jockeys now are in California
We're just thinking this before you came on
Well so at least
So least rides Brother Derek
Oh
It doesn't really
Yeah
Little Alex
He had catched a lot of tickets on Alex Soleson Highly
A back in the day man
100 years ago
I'm going to be a good Arkansas Derby this week
And
I remember saying to you before last year
Is that was that the Derby, Raphael, Beharano,
I said he's the hottest jockey
And he can say yeah
That's all I'm a little traction Kentucky
He won five races at San Eda
And Saturday
So we said it
Huh?
Six
Including four in a row
Yep
And then he won a big race
He had a he was
He was uh
He was a great jockey down here
This one he wrote at Gulfstream
Well there you go
Did very well
I'm not that I know anything about it
But I just saw he won six races at San Eda
It's quite an accomplishment on a Saturday card
It's pretty good
It's an accomplishment
Anywhere right
The record left he pink I had seven
Yep
But neither one of them are running
So it's very belly
He wrote six one day at Gulfstream on Florida
It's Jerry Bailey a few years ago
Victor Molina
Yeah, Victor Molina
Or Julio Pazua one
No, Gary Bane
You're fading out again
Oh Gary Bane
Oh yeah
Come on
Jerry Bailey
I'm Florida Derby Day a few years ago
What's the jockey was on?
Lo the Dutchman
Who?
Lo the Dutchman
A horse that used to go out the first quarter
And 21 and change
How does that's 100 years ago
See, everybody go in his horse racing again
All I did was mention I saw you on tv
Saturday and you looked like you were freezing your ass off
I was
Is this a replay?
Yeah
So the Arkansas Derby now who's going to be in that?
lawyer Ron
I just fed him a 12 to 1 to win the Kentucky Derby
Really?
And there's another horse I like in there
Who's the trainer on that horse?
Bob Holtis
He's a good trainer
He's very good
And Bob Holtis he's got a special Poltis
That he puts on his quarter track
And there's another horse in there
Keep an eye on him called Steppenwolf
Really?
Big long shot
I heard he was born to be vile
Can't believe I fixed this phone
I am so proud of the lines
Oh see that listen
Listen that
How about this one?
Oh
It's going to be quite a show today
I'll tell you that
It's a good thing you've got a huge pile of stories
And that people take too many calls
The quality of the phone line
Don't sound awfully good
That's South Florida for you
Pay through the nose and they give you a crap
Good news for you is you're not doing too well in our hate poll today
You're like in mid-pack
You're not the
They're not
Dump it on you
Oh, what do they hate?
The hate rick sanchez still
Hmm
These are the
I put all the names I put on here are like
Broadcasting related people from South Florida
Rick sanchez 104
Joyce has got 64
That's not
Oh, they hate Joyce
Dan LaBaster 45
Steve Mr. Ego Cain 31
George 27
You only got 23
You're like way down there
Casting over 21
Zagaki 13
I got seven Greg Reed's got six
Joy Reynolds two and Joe Bell don't have any yet
Because they don't know him yet
They don't know him like I do
A life-hoded for Dan LaBaster
No, I know who the hell I voted for
So Rick sanchez even always on CNN
They still hate him like poison
And just pray that he never comes back
In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if he's an illegal alien
Just send him a Zans out
How about some of the local weather people
Like
You have no problem with Miss Miss Kamal
Yeah, but she's kind of tied up at the moment
You have no you have no cross on there
No, why would I put Brian nor cross on there
What else she got to do with this
Okay, sorry god
Hey Brian, you're not even on there
You know what what are you going to do about it
You're fair
Right
No, no, no, don't start adding more names on here
Okay
You know the fact the only TV guy put on it was Sanchez
Because I knew that they were just Jones
And cast a hostile vote
They're just hostile in general
Hey, if you get a couple minutes
Cancer's are eliminated by the way
Just in case anybody missed it
They won last time a meaningless game
But they're done
They're out
You got to get I got to get you a copy of the Darren Dalton interview
You remember Darren Dalton
Yeah, I sure do
He was the catcher for the Phillies with that hot wife
Yeah
And he also played for the Marlins
You're right
On there with Jammich
Right
The first one
You got to listen to the interview
I'm just
We'll get it for you
I'll make sure
He talks about his wife's boobs as well
He talks about
Shirley McLean type stuff
I certainly don't know if it's the end of the world
He sent it in here
I have some people
We'll be able to go on to another plane of existence
Right
All right Darren
Both of you are not ready
What
That's what happens when you take too many showers with a guy
Are you ready for another existence?
Wow
Well maybe he had new David Samson in another life
He made that course
He was back in the Wayne days
You can do a crossover with David on Friday
Yeah, that's a good idea
I'll do a crossover with David and tell him what a little
Torpe is
If you look up Torpe in the dictionary
He'll just pick your next next to it
Hey David you're a Torpe and you got a stupid mouth and beat
Knock in the fans
First of all let me just tell you right now
You show on Sports Radio 5 6
Yeah go ahead
Listen to me
Yes
South Florida is a football
It's a dolphin town
That period
That's it
Dolphin Town
Not even a football town
Cause the canes used to draw like 18,000
Until they start winning championships
They don't draw flies when they play what
You know let some girls school
It's strictly a dolphin
That's it
The heat are drawn
And as soon as
As soon as he hangs it up
That'll be the end of that
When they start going south
And team really sucks
They're going to stop supporting them too
Panthers don't draw flies
And the Marlins aren't going to draw flies anymore
It's not a sports town in the first place
So you put like a little league product out there
They're not going to show up
I went to the Panther game
You know
There's no passion
There is no passion
The only thing there's passion south Florida
Is for the early bird dinner and for hate
Those are the only two things that there's any passion for
Believe me I've been doing this 30 years in this town
And I've learned that lesson
That's all they care about
Early bird dinners and hate
Period
And the end of dolphins
And of course you know
They got to Dante's culpeppers
Big deal
So what's going to happen in Dricky Williams
Is he going to be hanging out
Don't know
Today he goes
Look at a big fat one
He's rolling
I heard he's rolling up the sports session
He's smoking a big fat one
Today he pleads his case
Does he really?
Yep
Now
What he's doing a pd a plea deal?
Yep
Well no I don't know what he's doing
David Samson
He'll be doing a pd on Friday
I still can't get over that
This has to be April Fool
Little late April Fool
The late action
Nope
It's got to be
You're going on to do the Arkansas Derby
We're putting David Samson on here
I know we're desperate
I know we got Crow on there
Tomorrow before the Marlin game
Before the home opener
But that is
David Samson
He makes Geltie sound like Westbrook fan Voorhees
Yeah you know it's true
Oh god
I think people want to
Samson's going to be here
We sure got some good voices on this station
I'll tell you that
Oh
Not
He's got Liddy Martez
He's on all over the place
He got Geltie on there
By the way the poll we did on
Where the hell is it
From over the weekend
Who they want from 2 to 4
Geltie even Reverend Jones be that Geltie
That's how
You want me to put those guys on when I'm away
Yeah
That's a good idea
All these when you're off on these
Abustments holidays doing these horse races
We'll just
We'll start at the top with
The suds
And the Curtis
And the
Big O and Reverend Jones
I'm just going to bring in some people
Yeah
Yeah bring in some people
You know
Got to be an improvement
People who are the audience
Do the audio stocked on there
He might want to get a shot at
Put your close friends on
How about
It's stocked and unless we've
This are together
There will be fun
It'll be better
It'll be better in David Samson
I'll tell you that
At least I could do a cross over with stock
And he's got a sense of humor
I hope the marlins get about
3,000 people around one's day
So when Samson's on a Friday
I'm going to do a cross over
Say were you counting the house one by one David
You idiot you're quizzling
You fairy
God
This is the neo-rodger show on sports video
You're not going to get suspended again
For these people
I mean you're putting them on your show for Christ's
No I just want to make it clear
That you're the guy who's making a roll of cotton
And we'll continue doing so
Okay they put a little lead team out there
And then they have the nerve to rip the fans
Well if you don't show up we're going to leave
Bye bye
Already you know what I mean
Oh you're speaking to bye bye
Look what time it is
Bye bye
See you
Yeah
The music expressed on the previous programs
Are those David Samson?
And you not reflect those that the music broadcast group
It's got advertisers for agencies
Sports great
Sounds like a box
Not like yelling is about
Sports gallons of humor
And it's good
Good
God
Star is down
Aw
Sports great
Radio is what the new board and瘋
Absolutely
Every job this God was
Like seven million V-de-boarder runs
By hearing protests for the rights of a daily用, they say this law is so cruel.
Our daily goals are Spanish-speaking foreign people.
They got a reason for the ban.
They even go to my school.
And then they say these laws make good enough.
They just sit on a corner till you pick them up.
It would change their lives if they didn't take your food.
They swear also school.
And it's not just politicians who are playing the fool
or filled with all this emotion that we can't get through.
They take this kind of job that we do not want to do.
Give them green cards, make it legal or else shut up, I'm found it.
Oh yeah, they're rallying like crazy.
Even a poor lot of day, the illegal aliens who want to be one of some of the way of
magic wand.
Do you know that if they ever do, which I don't think they want to do anything?
Because they're all peeing in their pants, all they're Congress.
But if they ever like granted all these illegals, where there could be like 20 million,
they don't know, they can see, they have 11 million, they haven't got any idea how many they are.
Because when they're sneaking illegal, how the hell do you really know?
Right.
So if they give them all an honesty, do you have any idea how many are going to come
to court?
And this could be like a message like sending and putting a green light at the border.
Well, we're not overpopulated already.
Come on down.
That's right.
We only got 300 million people here.
And come on down.
New Orleans should have been a good example of how many people are living in squalor
and abject poverty in America who like belong here in the first place.
That should have been a real good off-fly opener, but no.
So here's all these brown folks running around.
Ah, I'm a bit brown in the darker shades of brown.
If you came in illegal, go away.
Just everybody come forward, raise your hand.
Just say, I'm illegal and okay.
That's how they're going to identify.
Everybody come to the front of the line and we'll put your ass on a bus.
10, 16 to 5, 60 to W2M.
We got Kim Boatcamp or a two mad dog at four, Curtis at seven, Eddie K at 10 o'clock.
A nice pristine schedule.
No ball games today.
No Panthers.
No Marlins.
Marlins are looking their wounds after an uneven start.
And the W having their home opener tomorrow expecting like half of what they had last year.
We'll get into BurysCon.
David Samson on Friday morning, boy, he's going to take a roasting like he never dreamed in his life.
He won't be saying, we did it!
I guarantee you that when he finished his 10 o'clock.
Hey, what's better than staying cool and comfortable all summer long, especially in the sweatbox called South Florida?
How about getting an instant $1,200 cool cash rebate on the world's smartest air conditioner,
the five-star addition of the carrier infinity system?
And to make things even better you can get this fabulous system from Royce, Aaron Heat,
where they've been taking care of Tri-County Area families for three, count them, three generations.
As the carrier factory authorized, either Royce, Guaranteed, or 100% satisfaction,
and that Guarantee is backed by a carrier, the people who invented air conditioning in the first place,
and have now invented the carrier infinity system, that actually performs a daily diagnostic check,
and then adjust itself for maximum efficiency.
To maintain maximum efficiency on your current air conditioner, during the Royce, Aaron Heat Comfort Club.
Twice a year they'll inspect and tune up your system, you'll enjoy a priority same day service,
and 10% off on any needed repairs, all of these things for just 110 bucks a year.
So whether you choose the two speed infinity system with Pureon, or a piece of mind-audio with a Comfort Club,
either way make the Royce choice.
Call Royce, Aaron Heat, toll free, 1-800-377-0075.
That's 1-800-377-0075.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516-Q-A-L.
Barlett, who the hell are the Barlett?
Can I, don't box, American Idol.
With Dick Cheney.
I ought to be singing on American Idol.
I'm about to pull the trigger and shut my friend.
I turn and shut the pair of...
...fire in the niche air and fall.
I'm sure it's done to have this one.
Didn't know what was there.
I'm sitting with him over there, and he's gonna go ahead and leave the shot.
He's just gotta burn it.
I'm just laying there on his back.
And I, don't box.
There's those that I Dick 22 past 10 happy Monday to you.
So very Jackass writes this, that I'm sure that everybody at town is buzzing about this.
Okay, it says Florida sports buzz.
Oh yeah.
Think they're buzzing?
How low will the crowds go, writes Berry?
Mighty low.
After people are slashing and relocation talks, the Marlins will get answers this week.
Early signs are not encouraging, he says.
Not encouraging.
Now where the hell is that bit where he says, we won the World Series.
Where is that?
He said like, Lisping in.
Can't find that one.
Too bad Georgian here.
Cobb Georgian, find out where it is.
This is Joe, don't go turn up Georgian.
Huh?
Where do you find that?
It's under we won the World Series.
Oh it is?
Well I guess that's a logical thing.
I don't have it I don't think.
Uh oh.
No, I got that in here.
That's probably why I couldn't find it.
Well one more time for you.
We won the World Series.
Oh my God.
You're fairy.
You hear that?
Somebody get a butterfly in it to catch those runaway S's on that deal.
We did it!
Anyway, after payroll slashing and relocation talks, the Marlins will get answers this week, writes
that the Marlins will get answers this week.
The Marlins will get answers this week.
The Marlins will get answers this week.
The Marlins will get answers this week.
The Marlins will get answers this week.
The Marlins will get answers this week.
The Marlins will get answers this week.
The Marlins will get answers this week.
The Marlins will get answers this week.
The Marlins will get answers this week.
The Marlins will get answers this week.
The Marlins will get answers this week.
The Marlins will get answers this week.
The Marlins will get answers this week.
The Marlins will get answers this week.
The Marlins will get answers this week.
The Marlins will get answers this week.
The Marlins will get answers this week.
The Marlins will get answers this week.
The Marlins will get answers this week.
The Marlins will get answers this week.
The Marlins will get answers this week.
The Marlins will get answers this week.
The Marlins will get answers this week.
The Marlins will get answers this week.
The Marlins will get answers this week.
The Marlins will get answers this week.
The Marlins will get answers this week.
The Marlins will get answers this week.
The Marlins will get answers this week.
The Marlins will get answers this week.
The Marlins will get answers this week.
The Marlins will get answers this week.
The Marlins will get answers this week.
The Marlins will get answers this week.
The Marlins will get answers this week.
You remember that.
I'll tell you what you can do, David.
You can ask like a man.
You can ask like a man.
What's about you?
David says, what can we do?
The answer is you need to come to games in more numbers.
The answer is you need to come to games in more numbers.
If you're not coming, you need to go public as to why you're not.
If you're not coming, you need to go public as to why you're not.
If you're not coming, you need to go public as to why you're not.
If you're not coming, you need to go public as to why you're not.
If you're not coming, you need to go public as to why you're not.
If you're not coming, you need to go public as to why you're not.
If you're not coming, you need to go public as to why you're not.
If you're not coming, you need to go public as to why you're not.
If you're not coming, you need to go public as to why you're not.
If you're not coming, you need to go public as to why you're not.
If you're not coming, you need to go public as to why you're not.
If you're not coming, you need to go public as to why you're not.
Jim Palmer dressed in his underwear said you can't expect fans to come when you don't have a viable major league team.
Hall of Flamers said in the Palm Beach County in February.
It's a sad story.
He said,
I asked in town how I'm meeting about passes, pointing attendance to him and said,
I want to believe it's a location of the stadium or discomfort fan's field.
Oh, yeah, that's a bad location right there at the county line right off the turn pipe.
Yeah, right in the middle of everything.
Right.
It can't be the product.
I know apologize one bit for this product.
The one you've had is off season ticket holders is unparalleled.
The one you've had as season ticket holders is unparalleled.
What the hell does that mean?
This year, of course, it is the product since his very,
since his self-lovings need to show baseball.
The commissioner, especially, they want the marlins to stay,
but even sellouts wouldn't sell the stadium issue.
Yeah, I think sellout is the word.
That's what they keep doing to the fans when in doubt they sell them out.
Handling the marlins marketing this year is like being entertainment director on the Titanic.
Very says like being the entertainment director for Wayne Newton.
But the team will use a few clever ideas, including a scratch off contest,
etc. to games with signed jerseys and other items give it 100 weekly winners.
Oh, when it doubts scratch it off, that's going to bring them in.
That's going to pack them in there, man.
When it doubts scratch it.
One fan asks why the marlins won't offer a buy one,
get one free agreement, responded Samsung.
The airlines who do companion tickets for free are generally out of business.
Now, that's a good excuse to panties.
You buy one ticket, they give you like a hundred.
They give you a whole section.
Trust me what I tell you, I know as a seasoned ticket holder.
Oh, hey, you want a hundred tickets for a nice game?
No problem.
Then we can put it down in the attendance.
I was at the game last night.
Now, I know that don't try to tell me they had a crowd for that game,
because I saw a little bits of it.
I mean, it wasn't too bad.
It was smarter than I expected.
But yeah, it was sparse.
Maybe 10,000?
Maybe.
Oh, you're getting really optimistic now.
You're getting sucked into the hype.
I can't tell you, it was a pretty exciting game.
Yeah, they kicked some serious ass because they gave them anything to them anymore.
So now that they're now almost on their world beaters.
Yeah, it was almost good enough for me to continue to watch hockey.
Almost.
Almost.
But not quite.
Who scored all those goals, by the way?
Anybody, you know, no, no.
Holy, holy yoke it in.
Yeah.
You know, I know, holy.
How about Nat Horton, Nathan?
I know some panthers.
Now I got it.
There's no Tim Horton.
Hey, the Rachel's walked in.
Who?
Rachel's walked in.
Oh, I got you.
I think it's seasoned tickets.
But don't you start with the crap now.
Make sure Miguel don't get his hands on those tickets.
Okay, that's the one thing.
Make Dan sure that this spick doesn't get my tickets again.
He cherry picked those tickets last year.
He left games.
That was three years ago.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Get out of here.
Whenever the hell it was, you'd know it last season.
No, that season I took one pair.
Get out of here.
You didn't hear it.
I had to go get them.
I was on that.
You left nothing.
One pair.
You scoured through their Yankee tickets.
Anything that anybody might want to go see.
You picked all the tickets.
Braves.
Anything I took all the Yankee tickets.
Maybe Mozart's a brave one.
D-d-d-dolly.
28 after 10 a.k.u.a.
And finally, a TV experience like no other, believe me,
Comcast Digital Table with Undermand is easy to use as lots to love.
And today you can track for only $34.99 a month for three months.
Why is TV so much better with Undermand?
I'm glad you asked.
For starters, you can watch a wide variety of movies and shows whenever you want.
It's a revolutionary, new way to enjoy TV.
Undermand is a library of thousands of programs ready to start when you say so.
with programming including free movies, kids shows, music videos, cooking shows, sports,
home improvement shows, guitar lessons and so much more.
You'll always have something good to watch right when you want to watch it.
And don't forget about control.
When on-demand you can start stop, pause rewind and fast forward programs
just using that little remote.
You can't get all these things with satellite.
With up to 250 channels plus on-demand you can build your own TV schedule
who could possibly act for more.
And best of all on-demand is free with Comcast Digital Cable.
So pick your showtime, sit back and you wonder how you manage to get along without it.
Call today order Comcast Digital Cable on HBO with a power of on-demand for just
34.99 a month for three months.
And they'd call 305 Comcast to do it today or in Broward call 954 Comcast.
This is Neal Rogers.
This is 5.16.28.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
We're back.
KDEA's
College of Jures-
College of Jures-
College of Jures-
God so we asked Friday who should get the permanent two to four slot on QA
I'm 1772 votes. Well, maybe my good buddy Denise Park fan. I don't think they're
televising the game here tomorrow. They is a TV game. I don't know the last
several Toronto. The last several home games they are not televising. I don't know
what that's all about assuming I guessed that a whole bunch of people are
gonna. In fact, they showed the highlights. It was the Tampa Telecast with
what's his name from the a lightning. What's his name? What's his name? What's
the guy that does a lightning game? Sean Pecoley. I don't know what his name is.
Yeah, that's a huh? That's it.
Seriously, I'll come up with it. Jim Madd is two to four. They said 345.
Suds Coleman, 331. I mean, Maddog makes a lot of sense. Suds is not gonna get it.
Okay. I mean, they love suds and so do I, but that's a move point. I won't listen
anyway no matter what you put in it. 256. That doesn't sound to do that's 14
plus percent. George Rodriguez, 223. It's also not gonna happen. Curtis, 147.
Bring back Moe.
177. See when he was on there, they wouldn't listen or release if they did listen.
They didn't mark it down on their diary. So he's gone. He was requested an
early departure and he said, Oh, yeah, see ya. 177 say bring back Moe. The big
Oh, oh, 90 rock solid. Reverend Jones, 49.
Gell V, 48. See that even Reverend Jones beats out Gell V. We've got on over
and over and see it's like a endurance contest for the audience. How many bad
voices can you endure? I'm sure that's why I think Scott David Samson on
their Friday morning. That's got to be a joke isn't it? Oh no, it's got to be.
We did it. Oh my God. The Crow 47, he'll be on tomorrow from 2 to 3 30 for that
opening day. I'm sure I'm sure coming up with new lines. A lot of new
liners be sure to have the tapes going to go along with some of the other
classic 567. Oh, 8 560. We should some on drop by problems. I like that. Yeah, me
too. Crow 47. I hit this pull 43. Kim, a book,
camp for 38. They don't want to hear him. He'll be on today's matter of fact 2
to 4 because he's near the bottom of the list. Joe Zagaki 20, Ernie Soats in
17 almost as many as yours. And Lenny Martez 11. See we got a whole bunch of
people that don't belong on here, even to say hello and goodbye. And that seems
to be our new specialty. And now that we got this new regime in here, it's like,
oh, you're going to see some big changes in the early hour. Yeah, right. The only
changes we're seeing, like a lot of changing of underwear, like when those numbers
came out in their last trend, holy crap.
Woo. 631 votes on today's pull. We can make that thousand. Joshua San, I don't
think so. Is that right? That's when you say that? You were mumbling it. No. Make
sure now hang out of those tickets because I'll give you tomorrow morning. I'll
tell you where to take them. I got them. Where to stick them? Huh? I'll pick
through like Miguel. Oh, Miguel can tell you where no, don't go pick
him through the tickets. Go picture Miguel. That's a good idea. Take the
seeds out. Who do you hate the most? I don't hate anybody. 134. Well, that's
that's beautiful. We don't believe you, but that's at least they don't hate
anybody on this list. Rick Sanchez, God, but not forgotten man. 126. They still
hate him like poison. I hate this pull 89. Joyce 72. That's who got my vote.
Good choice. Joyce. Joyce. Fitch. Grimes with bitch. Dan LeBassude 54. The
H2 Danny boy. Steve, Mr. Ego Cain 37. Don't have any listeners, but he sure got a lot
of haters. George 32. Hank 26. Castron Overs got 25. Old Polly. Joseph
Gackie 17. Greg Reed 8. And yours truly 8. 8. Too much. Joey Reynolds 2. And
it's gone. The answer is gone. Here means that the vote came from inside the
building. When a stranger votes inside the building, it's probably the water
Nazi like I said. And we got to do a little phone test because I don't know if
this thing's going to work or not. Somebody can get a lot of back. Oh yeah, it
works. Yeah, yeah. And I fixed it. It was that whatever the thing is called.
Your configuration can fit very good configuration. Well now why would that
change? It means it had a change on that end. So I had to change it on this end on
the back. Oh, it was always a DD2 here. Oh, it was on DD1. It was on DDT as a
matter of fact. No, it was not always on. Okay, maybe it changed on this end. Let's
assume that's something changed on this end. I don't believe it. Stop
dittling with it over there. Okay, I won't dittle it.
According to a New Yorker article written by investigative journalist Seymour
Hurst, the Bush administration has increased clandestine activities inside
Iran and intensified planning for a possible major air attack. They're going to
nuke him, baby. He says the Bush administration might publicly advocating
diplomacy or to stop Iran from pursuing a nuclear weapon has increased clandestine
activities inside Iran and intensified planning for a possible major air
attack probably right before the November elections, maybe like about a
month or two before. Gonna nuke him. Then of course, we'll make a lot of
friends all over the world. Current and former American military and intelligence
officials said that Air Force planning groups are drawing up lists of
targets and teams of American combat troops have been ordered into Iran under
cover to collect targeting data and establish contact with anti-government
ethnic minority groups. The officials say, why don't we just take all the illegal
aliens over there and let them attack Iran? And that's all a good idea. Sounds
like a plan to make. I think so. And it was just leaving there.
Say, I didn't see the media is the ones that are screwing this all up because they
keep talking about immigration and crisis. It's got nothing to do with
immigration has to do with the people who are legal immigrants and all the
history of legal immigration who the ones who came in Ellis Island like a hundred
years ago. It's got nothing to do with what's going on now people porting
illegally across the border undocumented illegal illegal. Oh, it's immigration
or it's not. And if it is it's insanity, which is why we got 20 million
illegals running around the country and God only knows who the hell they are and
what they're up to and what they're planning. The official said that President
Bush is determined to deny the Iranian regime the opportunity to begin a
pilot program planned for this plane to enrich uranium. One of the military's
initial option plans is presented to the White House by the Pentagon this
winner calls for the use of a bunker busier tactical nuclear weapon against
underground nuclear sites. One target is Iran's main centrifuge plant
nearly 200 miles south of Tehran, Natanz, which is no longer under IAEA.
Safe Graduate Port is got underground force space to hold 50,000 centrifuges
and laboratories and more spaces vary approximately 75 people into service.
The number of say by the way there's a very famous movie that I saw last night I
stayed up till two in the morning watching haven't seen in years. What's that? You
wouldn't like it. How do you know? Because it's an Alfred Hitchcock movie you
wouldn't like it. Okay. And I can't think of an infant anyway. It's got the
doors they injured me steward where they kidnapped the kid because they see
they find out about an assassination plot so the kidnab to get the last line
of the movie is over we were sorry for it to be so labor we had to go pick up
Hank that was the last that was right. That was funny. And believe me if you saw
Hank on the Wood Memorial on telecast and Saturday pick it up Hank maybe with a
the man who knew too much. Very good. So you just googled it. That's a good movie
you ever see it? No. I did not. Actually it's a remake of Hitchcock's own movie. He
did originally like 34 or 36 something like that and this was 56 Jimmy steward
and the doors day. This is the impact that was song was she was singing K.
Sarah and she kept singing louder louder because the kid was upstairs and he
heard mommy singing you know came running down. You never saw the man who knew
too much huh? No. A little before my time. No you believe me you would never watch
it. Neither one of you. I'm sure Miguel never saw because it's in English. And it's got nothing to do with Cuba.
1042 at 560 WQA. I'm okay. Here's a silly question if you tried to pizza and
pasta John the Bakers. Well if you got any brains at all by now you have John
the Bakers is the best Italian restaurant this side of the University drive and
now they got two great locations for you. Brand new John the Bakers in the
Sterling town center on Sterling Road just west of Pine Island and Cooper City
and the classic John the Bakery in Pembroke Pines just west of Fulmingo in the
Home Depot Center on Pines Boulevard by classic we mean they serve lots of
Coca-Cola classic and don't forget the food is absolutely great believe you may
absolutely unbelievable huge portions everything cooked the order favorite homemade
style Italian delights some of the best pizza anywhere you've ever had in
your life plus with John the Bakers low prices you can take the whole family for
lunch and dinner and stay well within your budget be sure to ask for the Neil
deal here's how it works it's a large 16 inch pizza half dozen garlic rolls and
two fountain coaks for only 1475 so be sure to ask for the Neil deal when you go
in take out or dine out and tonight call 9 5 4 4 3 1 4 3 3 15 in Pembroke Pines
or in Cooper City call 9 5 4 2 5 2 0 0 9 1 pizza pasta
veal chicken Parmesan sausage and peppers all your favorite subs like that
sloppy sausage sub join John the Baker for the best Italian food in South Florida
and be sure to ask for the Neil deal when you be called this is Neil Rogers this is 5.62.8
pizza
what's the honey show mom the news hurts of things that I hope we're not true close the
door and love it real tight make sure my kids were in for the night didn't really know
what else I could do even broke out the hearts please shampoo now I'm hoping little
fluffy post-through make my cat has the a billion
blue
music
I'm just being by just in case I'm throwing out my clothes
Three, and I hope it's not all that as I think
It might be called a CDC
What a thought I'm eating pro for lunch
How about you, but I'm gonna need the meat, the meat, the globe
Okay, okay, but 10.47 at 5.60, I can't wait till 2.00
I'm gonna rip him and ask for four hours tomorrow before it goes on the air
He is absolutely unacceptable is what he is
He has been sold as a model any more, we can read with that right?
So what is that then? And of course as far as David Samson is concerned, he's got a voice for television
Well, he makes it really happy
That's nothing on Friday, man. It's just...it's gotta be in April 4th
I'm not buying until I hear it, I'm not believing it
I've actually been to be a zining people to an injustice see if it's a put on
5.670560, come on let's hear why you won't go to the Marling game
Tomorrow, I certainly won't go on Wednesday at 1 o'clock
5.670560, we'll write all these down and pass them along with David Samson
And pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line
WDQYM, hello
I'm demanding a recount on that note
Yeah, recount this, okay, are you...
Good, good
WDQYM, hello
I got a voice
Okay, okay, there's two birds with one stone right there
We just took care of a little avian flu problem, two birds with one stone
5.6705, is it gonna be like this all week long?
Probably
What? We can only hope, right?
Well that means it's a more bedtime story, just to piss off a girl
So to mark this me and Josh, there's no uh, no turd party in there tomorrow
Oh sure, can you guys go? Oh yeah, no problem, okay, in fact
Josh stay home too, just have somebody come in open to pot and I'll let that
Don't tempt me now, I'll confabulate
Look at that phone man, maybe the phone's over here working with me
WDQYM
Hey! Yes sir
Yeah, I like to talk to Neil
Speaking, this could be our first real call of the week, yes
Neil, it's Bruce, how you doing?
Okay, Bruce
I'm going to the martens game tomorrow
Only because I enjoy opening day, it's festive
And I probably won't be back until they go to San Antonio
Okay, maybe they'll give you like a free bus ticket
Ah yes I would, but it is, it is a nice, one of the very few nice things we have left in Miami is opening day baseball
Well I see I've never been able to understand that, what's the big simmice, what's the big deal about opening day?
I don't, I don't get that, in other words if you're not really interested in the first place
You're not going to go the other 80 game home games, let's uh, the point
The point is, is you're, you moved down here and you have very few little things to look forward to happening
That's for sure, yeah
And to tell you the truth, it is a nice afternoon, you get off a work at 12, you get over the park around 230
And you relax the rest of the afternoon
I'm not talking about bruising it up and all
I'm just going to say maybe I can bring a pillow along would be good
Exactly, but they aren't going to mess themselves up because they've got two 1 o'clock games following on Wednesday and Thursday
And you're right, they're going to draw maybe 100 people
So that was good scheduling wasn't it having two months in the middle of the week
And not only the, I think the reason they don't want to do it is because it's paysox and they don't want to like play at night and piss the Jews off which is most of their proud
Yes sir
Yeah, that's it, you know how it goes, okay listen, I have a season that Easter
Yes sir, how does it do?
Good
5670560, so yeah I think that has something to do with it, wouldn't you?
Because I remember one time the Panthers played like, I don't know what it was, on Russia, Shona, or Yom Kipp or something like that
And everybody, all the Jews, of course, the Panthers in Broward County, it's the whole 100 people are Jews, you know
What? When you know that's true, yeah old Jews go to the Panthers games and even young Jews, no, no, they're no goyum, they're separate of players
WDQYM, hello
What do you expect in sunrise? QYM, hello
Hi, Meele, um, somebody QYM, hello
Yes, good morning, Neil
Yes sir
Just returned from Rome and I took you up on that little pizza spot across the way from the Stustione Termini with excellence
Oh yeah
Yes, yes, yes
Yes, exactly, they drive through the right direction
Did you go to the restaurant, yeah right, did you go across the street downstairs the, um,
I'm gonna recondle whatever the hell that place is called
No, I did not
Pots of E, I'm at Fichiana, that's what it's called
Oh yeah, I saw it, I saw it, no, we didn't go down to the city
Oh man, that's the best in the city, that's from I money, that's a great place
Yeah, and then we moseyed over to the pantheon and we had a fine waiter, uh, the outdoor cafe right across the little piata across from the pantheon
Right
And it was outstanding, we made it all the way up to Ferenze on the Euro Star Train
Beauty
Yeah, we had a wonderful time
Tested you in the world, now, am I right?
In service, impeccable, they really had to take care of the people unlike South Florida and the Creetans that are serving us here
Amen
And, oh, one other thing, while I was over there, I discovered what in fact was in Ricky's, your analysis
He left them a little floater, sports court in the cup
Okay, 5,670, 5,60
And pound 5,60 and they've rising them singular round sign
They hate to recents as like poison, don't come back to town anytime soon, they're gonna lynch your ranch, how do you like that?
Well, there's some other horse talking about evading a ranch, the officers will resign
The White House says is pursuing a diplomatic solution
Right, that's what they said with the rack too, but a beep bit of a beep bit of a bump
They gotta take desperate measures, man, desperate times, and desperate pull results, required desperate measures
Let's nuke them
683 votes, I told you, it'll make a thousand easier, they know sweat
Right
Not too heavy duty on the calls, but the votes are poor in them. QIM, hello
Hello, Neil
Yes sir
Yeah, I wanted to call a talk about the masters a little bit
Yeah, well don't throw waste of time
5,670, 5,60 and I mean Jack S
And anybody that watches golf gets call off a shrink, okay, gets yourself mental health
There's only one thing more boring and worse and more embarrassing than that, and that's watching people play cards on TV
Oh, it's the poker championship that, seriously, I'm telling you right now, if you're watching people play cards on TV
It's time for Russian Relays with Fish Loaded Chambers, with Marilyn Chambers
And you know what, you would play if you found out how many people really are watching that
What do you mean by that?
I'm saying you would play Russian Relays, I'm telling you, do you know that's one of the highest rated watching those poker tournaments?
I'm beginning to wonder, speaking of being on hallucinogens, who made out this log? Am I in the right hour?
Miguel?
You're at the bottom of the list
Oh no, I see, I just didn't cross out that break, it's like going to the groundhog day
I'm beginning to lose it, that's because the water Nazi don't make no mistakes under the law, that's why she's leaving
Or it could be that everybody hates her like poison, that's why she's leaving
70 QYM, hello
QYM
I think they really should have wasted the rough, not just the overall yardage
70 QYM, hello
You're showing awesome, you guys are quite visible
How many QYM, hello
Hey, come here, good morning
Yes sir
Top of the day to you
Back to you
I saw your best friend in the metro section of Arrow
Who?
Jeff Cohen
Yeah
Yeah, he's about as pizza, his path over pizza
Yeah
They got a big page on it
Well I'm happy for him, how many QYM, hello
Hello
Yes sir
Can I speak in the opening?
What's speaking
Neil, how are you?
I'm running it
I just wanted to say we're definitely going to invade Iran because I saw it on the CBN, the Christian Broadcast Network
Well that's where they get all the information from is from Pat Robertson, so that's since is it
Well he goes right from Pat Robertson
Right after we assassinate Hugo Chavez, we're going into Iran
Well it seems that way because they've been right every time, they just kind of spew all this bad nonsense
Well that's because they got the bat line to the Lord, don't you understand?
Oh yeah
Thank you
Remember when Pat Mania, the red phone, they got it
Okay, seriously they got the bat line, they pick it up in the Lord, they got the other end of the phone, give them all what for
By the way, you see this guy who's got the Jesus papers, he doesn't have them but he's seen him
He's seen him on Papyrus
I didn't get to see that, I did see the Darren Dalton thing that Hank mentioned
Wow
Oh, he's like a hom, but what happens with too much Hanky, thank you with Emma Stryppers like that
It starts, it starts affecting your brain
That must be it, could it be any other excuse or maybe because he got into squatting like that
You know when you're a catcher, like it was all those years
Right
And you squat in the umpires that his hand down your ass, things like that
Not seriously, it has a, I got into squatting
Yeah, that's why you're not going to be doing to the fore
All these silly people out there, oh put suds on, not an arcanon do that, that would make too much sense
Plus you don't do a sports show, see?
We got to stick with the purity of the sports format, cause clearance at all the sports nerd buddies are calling the shots
clearance at all the sports nerds, it was in there this morning assuring me that my paycheck will show up in my box today on time on payday
So he said it should be no problems
And of course if it doesn't show up today, it's going to be a Josh, even Miguel is not going to be there
Josh, I'll buy his loans in tomorrow, you have a great day today, tomorrow
Oh I'm good, thanks
No, it'll be you solo
Remember Napoleon Solo, it's going to be Josh solo tomorrow if that check don't show up today
You can take that to the bank
If Beanaborca do it, you can do it
That's right
Yeah, that's where play a lot of bits, in fact, don't even screen him ahead of time, play some of the ones that we can't play anymore
So how the hell am I supposed to know?
I don't recognize anything, I'll just say
There you go
Joe Bell's got three votes already all from inside the building
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.62.8
You have a good time
Yeah, you have a good time
Yeah, you have a good time
Yeah, you have a good time
Yeah, you have a good time
How's your taste and taste, all?
Lockers, lockers, lockers
Lockers in here, lockers, lockers
Oi
Good, good, good, good
I need a little bit, good, good
With a sprinkle of the hood, good, good
Just give a little hood, good
And then you need a little hood, good
All my potatoes, pancakes, a little hood, good
And then you need a little hood, good
I really like this fish, a lot can do delicious
My mother comes to their fishes
Coming right off the salt pot this time
Top up up with double-sauce, that's our clean and them
I'm eating, please don't leave it
Won't die just I am playing season
Check it out, lockers are topped with four seasons
What's the test that I'm in the right now, season?
They're all wasted, everyone's leaving
I'm feeling it, I need you to get up, fast back to the store
Buy us some more for play, we told
Cause I feel like fuzz is loose
And I feel like touching juice
I had nobody stop me, so baby tell me about the use
So hey, I'm eating, lockers here
I got it on my clothes, I am eating lockers
I'm gonna take my clothes off
I'm eating, lockers here
So take off all your clothes, I am eating lockers
I'm gonna take my clothes off
Be the little bit of hot, forever
In the circle of a hot, hell, come on, say it
Be the little bit of hot, yeah
In the circle of a hot, yeah
Be the little bit of hot, yeah
In the circle of a hot, yeah
For you to lockers
In a little bit of hot, yeah
It's wrong how I eat for them, but I was thinking
Why do they have to wait too long to make a lockers?
For shop owners
There's no, um, there's no leaven, there's no, there's not a night in there
You could eat lockers if they saw him, I believe
Can't you, you guys would know
You're the two
I bet you're pardoned
What'd you say?
700 dollar clothes
And you know, this business with MOTSA
And with that pacitiki candy and wine
You know, what laws there that says you can't have potato lockers
And even maybe like a nice pizza
At the pace of
Who do you hate the most as our poll today?
701, you're right, we'll make a thousand easy
I don't hate anybody, 154
We don't believe you
Rick Sange is 144, I hate this poll 94
See?
Joyce 78, Joyce that bitch
That's in surreal, a dictatorial bitch
Who wouldn't know what radio if you shoved 800 of Mupper AS
Dan LaBaster 59, Mr. Ego Steve Cain 43
That's double his audience
George 34, Hank 28, Paul Castanovac 26
Joseph Gackie 18, Neil only 10
Greg Reed 8, got to beat Greg
Joe Bell is up to 3
I think one of those came from a fat boy
And Joey Reynolds has got a pair, he's got a small pair
And I think they belong to Bill Marshall
Out of 7, what is it?
703
Kick a nice on that pool, man, I told you
Zoomin along
5670560, come on
And I guess the reason I get the usual tremendous number of calls
Is all of the Rogers people around the buses coming up here for tomorrow nights Panther game, right?
That's what it is
It's gotta be
They're gonna be positive at the game yesterday
What?
They're gonna, you know, come up there to Canada
Who said that?
People at the Panther team
Same what, they're coming up from the, at least came to know
Well, I don't see them outside, waving
Hey, how's it going, hey?
Get out of here
Get out of here
Yeah, right
Yeah, I'm sure the Kildir would be called a little bit later on
And probably already you see them, right?
You hear that?
Listen
Hear it?
There it is
There is the call, what did I tell you?
Oh my second power is a guy, I cannot believe it
Must be Gelly making a, uh, gonna buy me dinner at Ruth Chris at 5 and he'll zip over to the hockey game tomorrow
And that's right
I don't buy anybody dinner, man
Also, Chief, he's got room, I guess everybody associated with the Panther organization
Must be Chief, Chief, Chief, you know, Denise Potman, the real Chief, Froggy
That means there's a package downstairs that, uh, call
I probably should put my clothes down and go down and get it and let you guys handle him in this
Please put clothes on, though
Well, what, now what are you laughing about?
I got my underwear on, I got my t-shirt, my boxer shirt on, you don't think I got a fully code to do this show today?
It's beautiful, man
The sun is shining, I think we're gonna make like 58 today, something like that
It's really great this week, it's, yeah, 58
It's already 48
It's wrong with that
Not a cloud in the sky, it's beautyous
I'm just gonna run around in my boxer shirt, it's all over the scene today
So you finish the show and I'll see you later
I'm gonna get it in the mornings and a pod raise home opening day tomorrow
Game time is a 405
Pre Game is 330 and before that we got more 4-play, man
And then, uh, Linda, Linda, Lovelace
Two to three 30, it's talking a hard ball with a crow for a gate F opening day
Go by and say, hey, uh, a crow, F you, a gate F
And you can add a couple more letters on to that too if you like
You know, letters from like famous radio stations like CKL, W like that
5670560 boy can't wait to hear the crow
I might have to stick around after the show tomorrow
Hear the crow, you think?
I got the crow by the, right here home boy
How about you and me?
I'll replay that
The crow, the me, the blow up
Okay, but, uh-huh
Go in the locker room and pump, pump, pump, pump
At the big old red blowers in there
severe, rissuses
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha
All the illiteracy all the time
That's our speciality, man
Our QAn people who don't belong in the building much less on here
Well, he won't be in the building, he'll be out there with the ballpark
Maybe he, maybe they could sign him up again
I bet, I bet he could play on that team
He was pretty good player
You know what? Yeah
Just pretend he's in Montreal again
With a hawk, with Andre Dogman
In fact, we hear Andre Dawson signed up again
I bet he could still probably play pretty good
We'll have the Florida Legends team
We have the Florida Legends team
Exactly, I like that idea
Suggest that to your buddy David Samson Friday morning when he shows his ugly little two foot tall ass in there
Maybe I'll see that
Just step on him
Just step on his ass, squash him like a bug
WDQYM, hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
Hey Neil, Ben, you're a happy Passover to you
I actually saw a kosher for Passover lockies in the public that got...
Sure, why not?
Yeah, but you know, they also, the little is really stewar that I used to do business with
They've got kosher for Passover pizzas frozen
Right
Now I'm afraid, you know, when I was in Israel, I went and got a kosher for Passover pizza
So the guy put it in my hand and it went right through my fingers
I mean, it was just totally oozed
But I got one quick question because the buddy of mine didn't have any idea
He'd never heard that
Huh, huh, think they did the lockies song
Yeah
Is that Eric Schwartz?
No, it's Eric Smith
No, who now is Eric Schwartz?
Eric Schwartz, suburban homeboy, that time he does all those Jewish songs and...
Who could be, I have no idea who that is, it's just a guy
I'll just have to send it to Schwartz
Just some guy with long payus and the... and the... Shmothon is had
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, let me just tell you again be very wary of anybody who looks like they're from the stone age
Okay, just be real nervous about it
Just check out the headgear and then run like crazy screaming
W.A.K.Y.M. Happy Easter
Good morning, man, what's up?
W.A.K.Y.M. Hello
Q.A.M.
You legal Annie in Canada
W.A.K.Y.M. Hello
Q.A.M. Hola
5, 6, 7, who age? 5, 60 years
Nail
Yeah
I just got back from long vacation and I...
Oh God, oh God
Take another one, okay, get my permission, take a long, take a permanent vacation would be good
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60
And I noticed, oh that's right, because Josh ain't running the board today, Miguel's running
That's right
See when he's on, what happens is he kind of like fades out real fast
Yeah, did you notice that's not happening?
Yes, because you're out running the board tomorrow and he will low
Of course he won't be on him or he won't be calling him wrong
Not on Marlon's opening day, that would be sacrilegious
Not air of pace off, that would be bad
W.A.K.Y.M. Nut line, hello
Hi, do you have any Isaac's Rocky dresses in your wardrobe?
Yes, I have about 4 or 5
Polkadot, sure solid
Polkadot, purple ones, and a couple of pink
Any minis?
What happens to be the wardrobe guy?
Check out my wardrobe, making sure I'm going to be dressed for the Game of War night
For the Panther game, make sure I get all, I'll put on the Zoot suit, I'll put on Taksedo
Yeah, bringing all those Panther fans tomorrow, God, it's just going to be packed with...
We love the Panther, that...
So, Steam O'Lice is really traveling with the team, probably not
Do you tell me if he's coming up here or not?
He did not
Well, I'd go over and say hi if he was going to be there otherwise, how old is it?
Well, he's from there, so I'd suppose
Exactly, that's exactly right, A. Steam O'Lice, I'm going to invite him out to a Ruth Chris while the game is going on
W.A.K.Y.M. Hello
I'm a lawman
W.A.K.Y.M. Hello
Yeah, no
Yes, sir
That's going to be the day right there
That was pretty good, one of the better ones
W.A.K.Y.M. Hello
Q.A.M.
Nill
Yes, sir, Nill
I went up, huh?
How you doing?
This is Nellie
Yeah, I went on that jungle queen by the night
And everyone's able to show her was dropping her pants showing their ass
Uh-huh
I think it's the gay crew
Were you think?
Okay
He thinks
He's checking on me
He's looking at the mirror
Okay, he's doing the old deep neat vans now checking in the rear view mirror
And I do mean rear
Back to him
Just to make sure who's been audio-nice
The jungle queen
Maybe he was at that gay rodeo this weekend
Baby this last call
What do you think?
Hey
W.A.K.Y.M. Hello
Nill, what's the difference between a getch key and a ch...
W.A.K.Y.M. Hello
Hello
Yes, sir
Hey, what time is King Fish on him or afternoon? What game will he be at?
King Fish, what kind of a comment is that?
Do you pick it on a crow?
Crap fish
Catch it one?
Catch fish
Catch fish
I said, catch fish
What do you say?
W.A.K.Y.M. Hello
Q.A.M.
Can you talk about those eight people getting murdered in Canada?
You mean the bikers? The biker gang?
Yeah, he wants to hear about the eight people, the biggest mass murder in Canadian history
They found eight bodies of bikers
It's a biker gang
Crazy people
You oughta know how that works just looking at mirror pali
But it looked like that
That's eight less people to call this show I guess
5670560
Tom 56 and they've arrived in the...
Where the bikers baby because they're all evil
Did you ever see any like sane bikers I never met any?
Yeah, I think I've met one
Get out of here
Who?
Maybe one
How are we doing on that pool, man?
We're gonna hit that thousand and then there's no stop on us after that
Anyone know why?
It's a hate pool
730
700 and...
But third, man
Who do you hate the most? I don't hate anybody 156
Don't I believe it's 21%
Rick Sance has 151
He owns this pool
I hate this pool 99
Oh, there's somebody
You know the latest political survey
Yeah
Joyce 81, Dan LaBastard 62, Mr. Ego 43, George 36, cast it over
Look at Paul Castan over
But third, man
Hank 29, Joseph Acky 19
You were truly 11, Greg Reed 8, Joe Bell 3, and Joey Reynolds only two and that's because very few people
And remember who the hell that is
Joey Reynolds
How much do you need to one of you go out and make your window because they're radio groupie
You know Joey Reynolds?
Only for you guys
So in other words, you never heard him?
No
I am that him right
There he is
Talking about squeaky voices
Couldn't run the board by himself
He couldn't even open his own mic switch
He had a guy named Bill Marshall at IOD
He opened a mic for him and played the cards and whatever
Hold his head up so he could talk out of that thing
W-Q-A-M, hello
Q-A-M, hello
Hello
Hello
Yes
Hi, I'd like to refill my backpack please
W-Q-A-M, hello
Hello
W-Q-A-M, hello
Hey, Neil
Yes sir
I gave it a wrong website last week
For what?
For the hybrid motorcycle
It's hybrid motorcycle
Yes, I guarantee you it will last
Yes, well I guess what? I wasted my time the first time and there was nothing about no hybrid or your bridge or anybody else's bridge
I know I left out the HSN-EB-E-B-A-U-M-S world
.com
Flash? You go to Flash animation
I don't have time for all this
We are going to take a half hour of the show
And it's not going to be there anyway
Pull the same crap last week
Then Georgia link
Yes, send it to Georgia
Okay, email it to him
Give the email address from that bitch that called 48 times that one day last week
Get it from her, she knows what it is
She's probably still calling her front office, she's calling what's his name, float her out there to front desk trying to get that email
What's Georgia's email address you?
And by the time she called her front desk she had already sent Georgia an email
God
Nagging, nagging, hateful, obnoxious womanhood
That's why the guys died so much earlier, that's why there's all these old maids
Not old maids, but widows
Because they kill off the men like 10-20 years earlier
Nagged them to death
That's part of their plan
Yeah
11-13 at 5-60 WQM
In fact, all you guys out there like getting in the trial out of your life
Just whatever you got spend it, just make sure you don't leave the old bitch at dime
Okay, spend every dime
Go to the track, punch your guts out, have a good time with it
You know, South Florida is famous for its trade shows
You've got both shows, car shows, vitals shows, home shows, art fairs, galore and more
Now if you're a trade show exhibitor, the one name you need to know is Pubset
Pubset creates the Axel Loot-Toppetal Line Attention Grabbing
Steel customers from the competition trade show displays
Call right now, 954-772-7275
And Pubset will get you set for success
When it comes to design printing posters, banners and especially trade show displays
Pubset has been the very best for 14 years
954-7727275
Read it on your wrist for Pubset 954-7727275
From design to setup, Pubset can handle all your trade show needs
Rest assured that Pubset will separate you from the competition
Don't look second rate, you only get one chance to look great
Pubset is the way to do it, call 954-77272-7275
We're going to PubsetSF.com
For top next, the design trade show graphics and displays, Pubset's the way to do it
Look for my picture on your building, you'll phew your guts out right along Dixie Highway
Just north of commercial
Call today Pubset 954-772-7272-75
This is New Roger
This is 5.16 QAM
Look, crap you can unwrap all the slime all the time
And we're talking hardball on 5.60 WQAM
Call me homie right here at 5.67 H-O-O
Oh 5.60
Call me homie, let's be talking to Steve and Miami
Steve, you know what me, Warren Goodmatti
Well, Crow, what do the Marlins have to do to win the World Series this year?
Oh that's the easy one Steve, they got a swing in the back, hit the bow, hit those strikes
Remember, they gave them baseball and 50% hitting
That's almost half 50% feeling, 50% pension and 25% managing
But Crow, that's 175%
Why? Don't you be questioning me, would you be pregnant?
Be what?
What?
Is it?
Is it not that?
You'll be pregnant
Well, no, I'm not ignorant
Boy, I'll play ball pension or baseball
In a dark world country again, men have my sign
Do you?
Well, actually I...
Not even that
I played it in the...
Not even that even that even that
Are you gonna run into me?
Not even that even that even that
Call me homie, I'm the Crow
Out of gate G, elemental B
No, it's a gate F, it's a matter of fact, but he's closed
That's right
Wow
I think what we ought to do is just play that between 10 and 2 all day
I was kind of like a big buildup for the Crow's big talk and a hardball show
Well, if their connection goes down, I'll tell them where to pull that one
There you go
David says on the facts here, I hate Gildi Geldstein
Please put him on the pole, put Gildi on there please
Can you handle that?
Got it
Okay, Gildi's going on it, he'll do very well, I'm sure of that
Because he sounds a little...
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, ten
He's going to say, pound five, six, ten, ten, five, six, ten, ten, ten
So we don't want to get McGill all upset
We know these stories, he hates it, he just despises it
Yeah, and then of course he'll probably call if Stevey Wyser
He said, hey, yes, what, don't go see him
There are, there are no Panther friends going to be like a call
I'll like, should probably check the message on the phone call
Probably was Gildi waiting for me to buy him dinner
So in other words, he said, other chief say that what you're saying are the chief you?
like Rimmer? Yeah, Grieber buys hand lunch more than the other way around. Oh, Grieber!
Yeah, their joint adip is what I'm hearing. That's why Jeldies are most of the time,
even though the audience hates them like poison, has proved by our Friday poll.
He did a very even Reverend Jones beat him out. What does that tell you?
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
I don't know, Panty. Jeldies next name is John Bavoy. He's a spinner.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing? Yes, sir.
Hey, the new pet peeve that I have to replace people on cell phones while they're driving
is that parents are buying their kids these little dates that are built into sneakers.
Right, right. And they're getting killed on them, yeah.
Oh my god. This week I've had three encounters and one it came out, one at home people,
one at Walmart, and I've almost been sidetracked by these little kids
whose parents don't have enough common sense.
Well, what do they call those things? I've seen them, but what do they call those?
I wish there would call them illegal because the fact that the parents don't control the damn
kids at a store is and they almost run you over. Yeah, when they just got their sneakers on in
the first place, it's been up and out they got these roller things out there. They're knocking
people over, knocking displays down. It's a beautiful thing. You know, parents should know that
when you raise kids, you got to raise them for all five days.
Who words for you, baby? First sterilization, okay? That's the only hope for the human race.
First sterilization just keeps in that over and over again. I bet you'll tell me that for a long
time. I believe they're called helis. Helis? Helis? Like a lean back?
Helis? That's exactly right. Like Len Heli. Like Mary Heli and whatever his name was.
752 votes. Helis. They had a thing on that. They have an anemones here about how
dangerous those are and kids doing all sorts of aborant things and getting killed out there and
stuff like that. Little things. 752 votes will be over 800 by the a new hour. So we'll do that
1000 easier than spiderwatch. Josh was predicting before the show. He said you haven't got a
trineman's chance in hell. So, Yolte and Yelstein don't have any votes yet. By the way, I went ahead
and put him on there, David. You haven't even voted for him yet. He's on there. He's still got the
big nothing for Yolte. They love him. They don't like his voice. They don't want him on the ear.
But personally, he ain't so bad. Although Moe hated him like poison after they turned on each other.
That was probably the most fascinating part of a very aggravating four years. It was watching
the way that every relationship there, and I use that term loosely, kind of dissolved. Every
time he thought he had somebody who would like cling onto him, it would just like fall apart.
Yeah, they could only handle so much. Even Gildi. Somebody QYM, hello.
Neil? Yes. Are you willing to join us?
I'm back.
It's worth it to be back next week. You want a home number?
Please, honey. Okay, hold on.
5670560, pound 56 and he arrives in singular wireless line. He started just a little.
Somebody QYM, hello.
QYM. Who got this game?
Oh, come on. Don't be picking on poor Stu Gautz.
Stu Gautz is gay. Just because he and Clarence had a little thing going on there for a while.
Is there still a book in guest on his show?
Yes.
I think so. So I don't see too much of Clarence.
Sure hope that check shows up today, Clarence, because like I told you before,
for every day of the check is late, I take another extra week off.
Somebody QYM, hello.
The way I've gotten sucked.
Somebody QYM, hello.
Hi, Ovali.
Yeah.
Hi, I hate George W.
Okay, great.
I'm a lot.
Yeah, good.
My name is Ken Stavis-Packard and I'm studying conflict management at SICE.
I have a more general question about the United States' work to democratize the rest of the world.
Many of you, the United States, effort to democratize the world.
Oh, God. I gotta listen to her whole question and get to the like five words from Dumbo there. No thanks.
WQYM, hello.
QYM.
Yeah, my Dumbo man sucks.
WQYM, hello.
Joey worked at QYM for a while.
Oh, God.
It was wine, Mike.
Listen, no go away, Mike.
Mike, Mike, Wants.
Just die.
That's all.
Just die, die, into it.
That's what they say every place off.
Die, die, into it.
I have no idea what that means.
But in your case, just go away.
Lay out.
Intrafic.
WQYM, hello.
Big fineberg is a little man.
Yeah, who hates you like poison, just like I do.
WQYM, hello.
Hello, Wissen. We can come in Tuesdays and Thursdays.
WQYM, hello.
Yeah, Reverend Joseph is going to be a fill in for Hank next time he goes off to one area.
In fact, you know something probably would be an improvement over David Samson.
In case you missed it and it's for real, this Friday morning,
stayed in the Marlins with David Samson from 7 to 10,
substituting for the Huppers, off to another one of those.
Without Delilah.
David Samson, he's going to chew you people out, especially if you don't show up Wednesday.
Thursday at the Marlin Games, he's going to chew you out.
He's going to be really pissed off.
He's going to double the price of the wineries if they have ballpark.
Remember that?
I'm trying to remember, I guess that was that under the John Henry Regime or under the Wayne Regime.
When they ran out of winners and programs on opening day, remember that?
Yes.
Henry Regime.
What was that under?
Was that under the Wayne Regime or John Henry?
I'm not sure.
I think it was John Henry, but they don't have any control over that.
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
Well, I would have had control when I had the people still hold them responsible
and they get pissed off and fired them.
Another reason not to go.
Plus, the food of the stadium starts anyway.
It is bad.
Then I heard that they took Carvella out.
Can you tell me that?
Somebody told me that for the Dolphin Games that took the Carvella,
they put some other ice cream in there and figure what that was.
I wouldn't be surprised.
I know they took it out of the press box.
I don't know if...
Now they took it out of the stadium all again.
They put some other crap in there and Carvella would not that Carvella is good,
but compared to the other swirled up through serving up there, it was sensational.
Well, they're probably cheating without Carvella.
Huh?
I said it's probably cheaper than Carvella, whatever they're peddling now.
Sucks.
God, nothing like getting a hot-fudge Sunday with extra cherries on it before the
Dolphin Games.
And then, in fact, which would bring those big subs from that place down in
Kendall, those big, big fat-filled sandwiches from Johnny G's,
I think it wasn't Kendall.
And then the game would suck.
Food would be great, but the game would suck every single week.
Same old desperate awe.
And Danny Boy, you know, getting all red in the face and exasperated,
no, geez, what's wrong with you guys?
It was just not a very entertaining, enjoyable situation.
I don't know about you guys.
Although, like, the last couple of seasons, up in her last game,
the six games this past season, they probably were pretty enjoyable, too, right?
Yeah.
But now that they've got Dottie's culpeppers, I'm sure that they're talking.
We're talking Super Bowl because, yeah.
You know, they have to win.
Another organization living in a past sports organization is living in the distant past, man.
Miami Dolphins, Toronto Make Believes, all these teams living way in the distant past.
Couldn't win a fixed game when it really counts.
Are we want better healthcare and better education?
We want-
Well, you ain't got to give it to us.
That's for damn sure.
26 past month because all the money is going down the drain in Iraq and then, of course,
in Iran as fast as I can.
That's where it's going next.
You just watch.
I told you, they're so desperate now because they know they're going to get their asses kicked
and they're going to get tossed out of power.
So, before the November elections, it's going to be another big one.
A Boba Grande.
This time, Newks, they're going to nuke a man.
They're going to show you just how butch-butch really is, even butch-it-enjoice.
If you think you have termites in your home speaking of pests,
call ridded pest control today for a free termite inspection.
Ridded pest control uses that amazing orange oil treatment that kills termites and termite eggs.
100% on contact.
They're going faster than you can say, Joyce is a bitch.
If you have termites, this is the best possible way to get rid of them and say goodbye for a long time.
You don't have to tense your home either.
None of that circus routine in your neighborhood.
No worry about poisonous gas, no moving out or staying in hotels.
No worry about food or pets in your health.
Because at Reddit, here's how it works.
They treat your home with this amazing orange oil and you don't have to leave it all.
In fact, when they're done treating your property, the only thing left behind is the
clean set of oranges for just a few days.
It's true.
If you have a termite problem, call ridded pest control right now and find out about this amazing
orange oil treatment that kills termites and their eggs on a present on contact.
No tending, no BS, no kidding.
For a free no obligation inspection column right now, toll free,
1-800-447-4348.
That's 1-800-447-4348.
When you call ridded, be sure until on the Todd Dreck,
toll-de-de-call.
They'll get a big bang out of that.
1-800-447-4348.
This is Neal Rogers.
Roger, God.
This行 season don't just be a survivor, be a winner with H in our hatch.
Mr. Hatch, my income was $37,000 and I didn't withhold anything.
How much do I need to pay?
That's easy.
You owe exactly $0.00 in zero cents.
Great.
Could you put some pants on?
Why trust your taxes to a seasoned professional when a
plant-boyant former reality show star can do it for you.
At H in our hatch.
Mr. Hatch, I made a million dollars last year by line
cheating and stabbing people in the back.
Oh, you won a survivor too?
Uh, no, I'm a lawyer.
Could you put some pants on?
H in our hatch is even endorsed by other reality show icons.
Richard, this is a tough one.
Glass quarter, I made $8 billion.
What do I owe Uncle Sam?
Let's see, Mr. Trump.
The total is $0.00 in zero cents.
Richard, you're not fired.
Now put on some pants.
This tax season formula lines with H in our hatch.
Hey, it's 11.30.
So in 2017, $27,000, we got both coming up into this avenue
in spite of popular demand.
He did not do well in our pool on Friday at all.
Did very little said personality transplant needed.
Got some good news from Italy.
Okay, as the polls indicate today that a coalition led by
Senator Lecter, economist Romano Prody, who wants to tone down
Rome's strong relationship with Washington,
was said to beat flamboyant crook billionaire
Premier Silvio Berlusconi in parliamentary elections,
to which we say, oh, man, one of the biggest crooks in the world
next to Bush in the Saudis, Silvio Berlusconi.
He don't want satire on Roman TV and Italian TV,
so we outlawed it because he owns most of the TV stations in Italy.
No satire because they're picking on him.
He's a fascist fascist stuff.
I bet you may get what I can because he reminds him of Batista, fascista.
Sure.
Two Nexus pools indicate that Prody's coalition received between 50 and 54% of the vote
in both the upper and lower chambers of the parliament,
while Berlusconi's fascist coalition received between 45 and 49%.
He ain't no Benito Mussolini, I'll tell you that.
No surveys would be of Prody's coalition between 159 and 170 seats in the Senate
compared with 139 and 150 for Berlusconi's center-wide alliance.
Paolo Guzanti, a senator with Berlusconi's sports
Italian party, appeared resigned to defeat.
It is clear that numbers can change a little bit,
but it's clear that the center-left is one and we be losing.
Good.
And a telephone survey of 10,000 Italian voters broadcast on Sky TV
indicated a similar picture as the Nexus pools.
The Piappoli incident was signed 52% of votes of Prody's coalition
and 40% to Berlusconi.
Followed by Lonely and a major crook gangster.
Probably has boys in Satelia.
Wilkelia.
Where's Italian?
But now what is that?
What kind of a statement is that?
Gangsters, man.
That is bad.
I can't believe you said that.
That's right out.
That is the worst thing I've ever heard in my life.
What are the Italian defamation ligament is going to be called in
and nearly your ass to the wall.
The thing you put it brings all over your nice side of the league soon.
Yeah, what the hell is wrong with you?
It's right out of you.
I think your brand is going to be soft.
Too much comedy way.
Young Russian girl.
I think that's what's doing it.
And by the way,
I think they can only tag in gangsters.
5670560.
Keep those phones smoking, maybe, because Miguel
don't want no.
But I got the great story about that prison official
punished over swinging a broke back mounting,
which I'm sure was probably an instructional
flick in the prison.
Brackdom.
Yeah.
Got a whole pile of really good stuff here.
And Florida's first gay rodeo speaking of that,
speaking of a big success.
And 200 gay families are going to be attending the annual
White House Easter egg rule next Monday.
This is the big week, baby.
That's why we're not gay.
We only have the retards all week.
The Desperados.
Because everybody else, they got bigger fish to fry.
Man, you got Easter.
Easter.
Good Friday is Friday.
Easter Sunday is Sunday.
Easter Monday is Monday, which I'm thinking of
America these.
How come there's no Easter Monday?
Like there's no boxing day in America,
but the rest of the world lives this Easter Sunday
and Easter Monday, which I have no idea the significance
and don't care.
And then we also got pace off this week.
Because the golem in the June, they got like,
everybody's got to be pacified like Christmas and Hanukkah.
Oh, yeah, well, we got, we don't have no Christmas tree,
but we got a Hanukkah bush, you know,
and we got the menorah cana horror, you know, that crap.
Everybody's got to have their garbage,
including Cindy, my neighbor across the street.
Hey, Cindy, cut the crap, okay?
We're not interested in Jesus.
John will give you a Mars phone number in ethical, okay?
You can have some long conversations on the phone.
Get out of our lives.
Go away, little girl.
W-Q-A-M. Hello.
What's your doing?
Oh, W-Q-A-M. Hello.
Q-A-M, Ola, over to.
Let's see if we can make it three.
Q-A-M.
Hey, it's just 15 hurricanes.
This guy wants to know,
popular approximately, please go do.
Why are we there?
5'6'7, 05'60,
05'60,
the Verizon SIGUELA wireless line.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, can I speak with Neil?
Can you speak with Neil?
Yeah, speak with Neil.
Speck his drink.
Go ahead.
Okay.
Hello.
Yeah, hey, Neil.
Yeah.
Morning.
You know, this country's in big trouble
when the legal immigration is even debatable.
See, see, look at this.
Immigration rallies said for all these cities
that show right now as you speak on CNN,
that we're not talking about immigration.
We're talking about illegal aliens is what we're talking.
People just pouring across the border illegal.
How is it even debatable?
I don't understand.
It's not.
It shouldn't be, but again, you deal with the media,
you know, taking one thing and turning it into something else.
Oh, what, you know, this country was found in immigrant immigration.
Not illegal aliens, okay?
Immigration is not even debatable.
Right.
And then, I read where China is going to the moon,
so now we have to go to the moon too.
Well, maybe we can send all the illegal aliens there.
Yeah, it sounds good to me.
Collins, get lost in F-choice.
Good call.
See, it goes to show you guys,
there's a little instructional hour and 38 minutes for you.
Sometimes you have to go through like 7,000 calls
to get one that's like a gem.
He had all the bases covered.
Yeah, he did.
He touched it.
That's a Joyce touched it.
Oh, God, what a thought.
795 votes on it will be way over 800 by the top of this hour.
That's usually what I'm looking at.
If we can get to like 800-A50 by noon,
we usually got that thousand.
We got it licked.
You know what I'm saying?
Take the time.
Get it right.
What do you hate the most?
I don't hate anybody 175,
almost 22% of these people lie in through their teeth.
It's just they can't find the right name on here.
See, this is not an open pool on Gildi we added,
because he's a radio nerd kind of.
800 even.
Look at that.
I'm pretty impressed.
I don't hate anybody 175.
Rick Sanchez, when he liked poison,
wishes that somebody would poison his tamales.
169.
I hate this pool.
106.
By the way, speaking of tamales,
is it what land of Mexican restaurant?
Is that taco soup?
Mexican soup?
No, like taco salad.
No, no, no, no, I'm talking about the soup.
Taco soup?
I've never had like Mexican soup,
but they put a dollop of sour cream on it.
Man, is that good stuff?
And the reason it's good is because they don't put any beans in it.
Oh god, do I hate beans?
God.
That way we'll beans make your fart like a champion,
but beans also just,
they're moushi, man.
Who likes moushi food?
Not me.
That's why I don't understand.
I feel like out of place, I go to Taco Bell,
I have a breeder supreme with no beans.
Please, no beans.
Please.
Smart, et cetera.
Yeah, no beans.
It's moush.
That's how all Mexicans got to be so chubby.
Joyce, although the ones that they show now,
all these brown people, man,
like I said in Friday, they're all like emaciated.
And I think, probably they've been on a hunger strike
to make everybody get to feel sympathetic.
Yeah.
Joyce 86.
The 86 her is what I say.
Oh, look at this.
Where's the honor of Duke?
They're getting all better shape with Duke.
Did you see that?
I got the story on that, the bitch.
I mean, at the stripper, whatever she was,
that exotic dancer.
And come to find out she was here.
It's substantially impaired by the time she got there
to that party, where she claims she was ready to do it.
Not that I want to stick up for Duke,
because the hunger went there.
But how about the lacrosse theme, huh?
I think most of the,
I don't think any of them would rate her.
They're mostly lacrosse.
What kind of a pangee sport is that?
And you ever watch any of that?
No, way too boring.
Lacrosse?
And it's just stupid.
They take the little ball.
And here's the guy who's a, you know,
gold, the Gully in front of this little net.
And they just jam it in there.
You know, they come up with it in like a foot of the thing
and, wah, they just slam it in there.
Well, what's that?
They got it with a little mask and everything.
Yeah, like a hockey Gully only.
He's in front of this little net,
and they're just, they can just walk up
and they slam it in there out of their,
their little, whatever they call those things.
Well, not that I like this sport or anything,
but it's kind of the same as hockey without skates.
Get out of here.
Cut the same as hockey.
Not the same with hockey.
Yeah, if you're rocker, man,
how much skill does it take to run up and down
with a little pants on?
Yeah, stop and think about it.
But I'm telling you, there's no way
that those lacrosse players rape that they're brought to do.
Rick sends his 170.
I hit this pull 106, Joyce 87.
And Dan LaBanjoot is doing extremely well in our pool.
66.
He only does well over there on his pool.
The one that he has read, Cotext set up.
And by the way, they still had never
pressed up to the facts that they tried to mess up that pull
and then we messed back and just kicked their ass.
Too bad we didn't do the same in the trend,
except in midday.
Boy, that trend was ugly.
Steve, Mr. Ego Cain 46, George 39,
Hank 33, Paul speaking about week,
Paul Cash, over 32, Joseph Ackie 20,
Neil 13, Reg Reed 8,
Joy Reynolds 4,
Geltie's got three, and Joe Bell is got three.
Poor Joe Bell, he's only been a,
he's just getting his feet wet, you know?
He's just getting his feet wet.
Oh, and listen, if Crouch I doubt very much,
once sales got Chris Jones,
you know that one sheet that was very good,
but when I was expecting like one a year,
you know, a feedback sheet from the sales department,
that was a really nice start.
Only don't tell me nothing.
And it's a very good start for get with it.
Oh, he's busy interviewing those heavyweights.
He's got probably some inside information
that we shouldn't release is that our sales department,
most everybody's going to get their ass can this week.
The separate dust, your middle rudder,
five throttles,
and five throttles,
six to my child,
and separate.
I'm sorry, but you have talking on your sports department.
I heard another day talking about the illegals
that they're getting now to play the game.
And you know, it's very clear that he's talking
about the Cuban illegals, okay?
And I want to tell you that's very sh** for someone
to talk that way about illegals,
because you know, him himself is not a native here.
He's not an American Indian.
Everybody here has been an illegal sometimes or the other, okay?
And I don't like anybody talking like that about Cuban people, okay?
Because you know, he talks about like that,
but Cuban people,
how about his nationalities, a piece of sh**?
Okay?
There's nothing but rock to hear.
There's the poor people.
That's how, that's how, you know,
that's the American sh** in a way.
So they'll talk about Cuban people that way,
both of them.
Whatcha want?
Err lang?
Who's the story's of the cancer
now to be a hypocrite?
South!
Your game
occures the dude,
that can smart when they put down some food.
South!
uttisik,
who's the cat that's legs and 합니다?
Have we other relationship?
I'm not a big gun, son.
I don't really like it.
This issue is one brainwash mother.
I'm not about to shed.
Then we can do it.
He's a two-faced boy hard,
but no one understands him,
but I'll unhovers.
Yes.
He loves 48 and 560 WQM.
You're a squeaky voice station.
That kind of fits it with our signal, you know?
Like that.
That's pretty good.
Yeah.
That's pretty much like when you drive an M441 under those
electric, those F-pina lines.
That's where we sound like.
Yeah, the closer you get to hear.
Exactly.
Like we're about to block away.
It's like,
and that once in a while,
for those,
see, you have to have a squeaky voice
to penetrate to the signal problem.
That's what it is.
The figure is.
So that must be a method in their maidens.
820 votes, Tonya,
and it's not even Noon yet.
Not even Noon yet.
Here's a definition of a bitch, okay?
Of a really dumb, idiotic bitch.
Here's this story.
A lawyer has said he plans a lawsuit
over the death of a woman
whose young son called 911 to report.
She had collapsed only to be told he shouldn't be playing on the phone.
Jeffrey Figer, best known for defending
a assistant suicide advocate, Jack Carvorkian,
appeared yesterday on the NBC The Desi with the boy Robert Turner
who turned six last month.
Figer said Cheryl Turner went in large-tired,
would have survived on February 20th,
had helped have been sent right away.
On the show, the boy recounted his talk
with the 911 operator.
She said she thought I was playing on the phone, Robert said.
By the time authorities arrived, Cheryl Turner 46 was.
Yeah, dead.
This indicates an endemic problem, Figer said.
There's a discounting of children, Robert did exactly what he was taught to do.
Bright little kid, not even six years old yet.
He called, said, mom, isn't big trouble.
Come again.
Oh, you quit playing on the phone.
Detroit, no less.
Detroit police are investing in the 911 response.
They spoke to me in a meeting with me.
We could turn a call.
Yes, I can't imagine why.
After Turner collapsed, Robert placed two calls in 911.
In the first call about 6 p.m.,
Robert told an operator, his mother had passed out,
but an operator asked to speak with an adult.
When he called back about three hours later, an operator told him,
you shouldn't be playing on the phone.
Police finally arrived after the second call.
In a statement Friday, police chief Ella Bullie Cummings.
Ella Bullie Cummings, what kind of a name is that?
Is that like, will he Bullie Cummings?
Yeah.
Said it was important not to rush the judgment indicated
she would have had no further comment because of imminent or impending litigation.
In other words, there's going to be a big fat lawsuit.
That's right.
And some big fat moron going to get her ass sued big time and rightfully so.
Fogger City, France, to follow along,
full death lawsuit against the city of Detroit today.
And they're going to have to pay millions to that little kid
or whoever's left around.
For sure.
Oh, no.
That is unbelievable.
Speaking of that, a Massachusetts correctional officer
is being disciplined for showing that gay cowboy and movie bear-ass mounting
to inmates at the state's largest prison because his boss determined
that the film includes content inappropriate for a prison setting.
I think it's perfect for a prison setting.
So actually, that first sex scene is more like a rape scene than anything else.
There's no love or emotion or tenderness and that is strictly a rape scene is what it is.
Of course, you ain't seen it.
And I ain't got a...
Don't.
And I'm not going to see the last hour of it either.
I wouldn't have watched that if you paid me by the millisecond.
If you gave me a thousand dollars an hour to watch that, I wouldn't do it.
I'll do it for that.
Maybe a minute.
Maybe a thousand a minute.
Massachusetts Department of Corrections, by the way, made a big...
I forgot to tell the hamper, made a big comeback in Woodbine on Saturday.
Only lost 200 bucks and felt like I won a million.
I'm telling you, that's even better than winning.
It's like making a huge comeback and you get real close to almost breaking even
and you feel like it's the psychological part of the whole thing.
It's so frustrating.
That's when you know you got a problem.
I don't have any problems.
What the hell does that mean?
I have a problem.
It's almost like...
I'll just tell you what, you got a problem, you know what it is?
What's that?
It's called L-O-F.
You know what that stands for?
No.
Lack of funds.
This is true.
Yeah.
I don't have any problem.
If I never went there again, it would be fine with me.
I have no problem.
It's a...it's a...you know, it's a hobby.
It's a little bit of fun.
I don't go there every day, composing.
Oh, I just break out into a sweat.
I've got to have a machine, man.
I've got...no.
Well, what does that mean?
That's what you know have a problem.
When almost breaking even is even a hump or a said that we know he sure doesn't have no gambling problem.
Oh, man.
That was funny.
That's what you're comparing me to that?
No, I have not.
To gambling is my life?
God Almighty.
Give us search party.
I have no life.
Massachusetts Department of Corrections spoke to him in Diane Whiffins.
That Saturday the actual wasn't related to the critically acclaimed films plot involving your gay love affair.
It wasn't a subject matter.
It was the graphic nature of sexually explicit scenes withins that, yeah, I might put something in their mind.
You know, I'm not giving some ideas.
Because we know that in prison certainly there's nothing like that going on.
Bratcom, she said the officer whom she declined to identify failed to follow prison guidelines that require staff who's scheduled films to review them in advance for excessive violence, nudity or sex, as well as scenes involving assaults on correctional staff.
Now what about that charge rank?
Is that about like a prison riot or something?
It's a prison movie.
Yeah.
Well, what's it about?
It's about in a nutshell, a guy goes into prison and breaks out.
Oh.
It's a good one.
And heives.
Very good movie.
Probably allergies.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I think it's a really good movie.
Now what did he say?
He said it's something that I better watch it.
He said it was good, but it doesn't see the big deal.
Oh.
You thought it was a big deal?
I thought it was a really good movie.
Yeah, but you fell asleep in that work.
So why were we going to trust your judgment?
And of course Miguel, he didn't watch the network because there's nothing about Cuban.
I saw that work.
You did?
Yep.
And you didn't fall asleep during the middle of it?
Are any of it close?
I'm in the middle of it.
Or I just didn't think there's any more.
Oh!
You almost fell asleep during that work?
Yeah, a couple times.
It was close.
The officer showed the film last Thursday afternoon, two days after it's American release on DVD.
Two inmates at a prison in Norfolk, Massachusetts, about 25 miles out of West of Boston.
Based on, and we know what it is, okay, Ang Lee, but it'll be for the movie, all of a sudden, the crap.
We know what it is.
It's crap.
Oh, and then they make a figure of peaches.
They're making a quite a deal of the story on CNN all morning long.
They've been showing this over it, over it, over it again.
Although it is kind of different.
First of all, what kind of people live in Alaska?
What kind of an idiot do you have to be like that?
An Eskimo?
Yeah.
I'm not talking about the Eskimos.
I'm talking about the other people who live there.
Oh, I'm going to Alaska to get away.
Why not go to, like, I don't know.
To Iowa, some little town to get away.
tornadoes.
Oh, that's true.
Yeah, they know, that's right.
If it's a weather factor, you've got the good weather in Alaska.
Last Christmas, residents of the Yupik Eskimo village of Savunga, Alaska.
And a special dish to their everyday fare of whale, walrus, reindeer, and berries.
Fresh pizza flown in from, no, 170 miles away.
A tiny delivery joint, airport pizza opened several months earlier.
Just steps from Nome's busy runways.
And many of Savunga's 700 residents were eager to try something different.
Maybe they could give, like, whale and, uh, block, whale, blubber on their pizza.
Nome's first and only pizza delivery service is a robust business in the western
Alaska town of 3,500.
But it really stands up for a street delivery's via commuter plane, and more than it does
know that remote spread out some Arctic villages.
The village council in Savunga on St. Lawrence Island in the icy Bering Sea wanted a special
holiday treat for young families in the village.
It ordered 50 pizzas.
Half-top would chicken and ranch dressing, another half-a-can-eat, and bacon and pineapple.
Oh, Canadian bacon, ain't it?
Frontier fly service and interest state airline volunteer license you to fly the pizzas
in no charge to every village on its regular fly schedule out of Nome.
A Bering Sea town settled in 1899 during the Gold Rush.
Craig Kenmoth, general manager of Frontier, said it's free delivery service helps the
curia market itself in a way that benefits customers in largely U-Pick and in-upiate estomophilogies.
Our successors directly touted the success of the communities we serve.
He said it's a fun thing to do.
The Savings could be enormous for Nome's largely-empower-satellite communities, which pay some of
the highest fuel prices in America.
They fly the pizzas for nothing, which is huge for the people on the villages, said Matt
Tomter, a Buddhist Frontier flying job to run the thriving pizza joint.
Tomter said in order for six reindeer sausage pizzas once came in from the Arctic town of Barrow,
the northernmost community in the U.S., 500 miles to the northeast.
God, town of Barrow.
Oh!
High shipping cost in a Nome push airport pizzas prices above those charged by pizza-reasonless
remote spots.
They range from 16 bucks for a small cheese pizza to 32 bucks for large specialty pie,
such as the chicken rocker-filler or hero, gyro.
I forgot how we decided to say that.
Gyro?
Gyro.
Yeah.
Well there you go.
Well, actually, you mean your pizza flowing in.
There's something very long good reason to go there.
Exactly.
1157-
560 WQ WAME.
I've been telling you for years and years about dial amacres and our outstanding service.
That's why I've used them for a long time, because it's the only smart way to get
into macros.
Why the hell schlep around a waste gas and time and money?
If you thought doubting 1-800-MACRUS on the phone was easy, you've got to check out their
website, macros.com.
You shop whenever and wherever you want.
You'll all got a dial amacres as macros.com page.
You'll see the extensive product line from Celi, Sirta Simmons, King Coral, Tempority
Concerns, and Foster Hewitt.
You'll also see photos, prices, and a whole lot more.
You can do all the ordering process online, or after you visit macros.com, just call 1-800-MACRUS
and place your order, you can schedule a little bit between it through our one of your
choice.
Right now, think advantage of a dial amacres great 12-month financing program when you
call dial amacres at 1-800-MACRUS, you can expect through direct prices lower than the
chain stores, even during their so-called big sales.
Call right now to dial amacres at 1-800-MACRUS.
It's the official macros company of this show.
How do you like that?
Call 1-800-MACRUS, where I now talk with an expert bedding consultant or log out at
amacres.com to assure you the best sleep you've ever had in your life.
1-800-MATTRES, leave off the last one, because it stands for Stephen Weiss.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 560-Q-A-A-U.
This is Mark Morgan, is the 12-1 hour on Q-A-M.
Those weapons of mass destruction gotta be somewhere.
We've obtained photographs that officials call Devon and proof of W-M-E's, what that
means for your weekend, I tell you.
I think that would be extraordinarily dangerous.
I love shooting a male gun too.
Probo 3-5-60-WQ-A-A-M.
Well, who in hell cares about the French Ollie unemployed the most of them are like illegal
aliens anyway from Algerian Morocco?
That's what the real problem is in this world.
Algerian Morocco.
That's where all these illegals come.
And of course Mexico, Guatemala, Nieragua, Panama, Venezuela, Colombia, Chicago.
560-705-60, let's take a Fourier call if we ever get any of this.
If you don't keep going, it's like a little kid or an iPad.
We don't keep paying attention to them and they self can go off in the corner.
That's how the callers are.
I realize this is the week, man.
This next 10 days, this is impossible.
That couldn't be why scheduled next week for vacation, could it?
No, I see.
I think about a week late.
Anyway, Miguel and Josh are going to take up till 2 o'clock when we got bull.
What?
Well, now you get a lot of calls, you guys.
Probably Miguel's calls will be no spaghetti in glaze.
Come on, let's get some calls, some Julio's calling in from Miguel.
560-705-60, talking about Cuba.
That's all he knows from man.
Cuba, he's never been there in his life.
Nope.
He never been there.
See if you were smart.
You were going to be there.
You, well, why not?
What does that mean?
They'll be like Jews who talk about Israel so much.
I don't want to go there.
Well, what the hell are you so obsessed for for Christ's sake?
Get with a put up plan, man.
Get on a plane, come to Canada and then you can hop on a plane.
Any time of the day, go to Havana.
I'll just stay in Canada.
Flight's going back and forth, back and forth.
How come you're not coming up here now?
I don't understand.
I feel unwanted and unloved.
We got the big panther game tomorrow night.
Panthers and Leafs.
And the Earth scared Canada center?
Yeah, nothing.
Huh?
I've been in Toronto.
I was there as a kid.
Yeah.
That was 10.
I don't know anything from it, but there's video tapes of me in Toronto.
Well, just what?
Well, congratulations.
Get on the line.
Exactly.
I'm going to set it better myself.
Big Thomas.
Come into QA and panther line.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I know it's a close poll, but Jim DeFeedy is not on there.
Oh, Jim DeFeedy should be good.
He's a local media tub.
Yeah.
Hey, have you ever done a poll on the favorite Canadian?
And that's not interesting.
Favorite Canadian?
Yeah.
As a matter of fact, we have entertainers, yes.
Oh, you have?
Yes, we have.
All right.
Take care.
See you around, eh?
Yeah, we did that.
We'd like, you know, Steve Martin and the Jim Carey and Anne Murray and what's your name?
Whatever your name is.
You know something I haven't seen her in so long.
I wanted to get that Josh Hates like poison.
Ooh.
The little singer.
What's your name?
Avril Lavigne.
Avril Lavigne, yeah.
You Hater.
I do, or I just, you know.
You would do her, but you Hater.
How do you like that?
Her music is really annoying.
Oh, come on.
She's a mousey-looking thing.
You would do her?
Yeah, she's cute.
She's not cute.
Oh, God.
Got a picture over right here.
If you like Minnie Mouse, I look.
I have, well, okay.
See, there are pictures that can make anybody look cute, even me.
But, well, you're too.
You trust me.
Listen to me.
She's not so cute as you think.
Trust me.
It's like Brad, it's the same with Brad Pitt, crater face.
Oh, you know, Brad still looks pretty good.
If you, if the one day I saw that shot at him without any makeup on me,
he's got craters he makes Wayne look like an old smoothie.
Wow.
Crater Puss.
Come in to QAM.
Hello.
Hey.
What a fun show.
Yes, sir.
Nio, I don't know if you caught her last night.
One of the greatest defense of all time.
That is Jersey retired being Lewis Al McHenry's class guy.
Who cares?
Who cares?
I'm cared.
And Edmonton lost to the Blues right there.
The Blues lost 13 games in a row.
Any Oilers who are a choke team if ever saw a lost 2-1 to San Lewis.
How do you like that?
That sucks.
Man, oh man.
Craig McTavish, my ass.
Edmonton Oilers, they're going to be no spoilers.
That's because they got kind of money, you know.
Brad, Brad.
And he's winding after the game.
Man, I saw it.
You think that this audience wouldn't know Al McHenry's from Al Rosen from Al Schwartz,
okay?
This guy's giving me a hockey call.
Mr. hockey maven.
Get out of here with his crap.
Somebody cue a hint?
No, wait, B-lack.
QAM, hello.
Now Josh, you're going to cycle Al?
Somebody cue a, M-hello.
QAM, hello.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon.
Good morning.
Good morning.
I'm, anyway, this media is a poll that you're doing.
I'm going to go to the next slide.
I'm going to go to the next slide.
I'm going to go to the next slide.
I'm going to go to the next slide.
I'm going to go to the next slide.
I'm going to go to the next slide.
I certainly will, sir.
And thank you very much.
Please get out of the business.
Please, have big you.
Bye-bye.
See you.
See you.
He's laughing.
Listen to me.
These guys can tell you.
These two guys can tell you.
Guys, guys, please.
They keep getting lied to and lied to.
They're going to give them a deal.
They're going to do this.
Power 96, Maddie Bell, Joe Bell, Southern Bell, and Vittibbo NSL Double Talk.
This keeps stringing in them along.
Making like 50 Cent an hour.
See, that's the problem.
You've got a lack of funds.
Lack of funds.
That's the problem.
I got a lack of funds because they didn't win the 22 million in a lot of on Saturday.
But you know something?
I'm sure glad that isn't the week I hit it.
The jackpot now is like 50 Cent.
What I'm talking about here are 649 Lotto that they give you a check for cash.
No taxes.
That's awesome.
It was 22 million Saturday.
And I played, let's see, I forget how much I spent.
I only got 70 bucks out of it.
I had one with four numbers right.
But the, the, the bitch of it was that because so many people play, you know,
when the numbers go that high, yeah, that there were four winners.
So you know, somebody has the numbers.
They think, well, I won 22 million.
They only had a lousy five and a half minute.
That's like, that's like going fishing and catching a small perch.
You know, it's throw it back.
It's throw that baby back five and a half million.
And five plus the bonus, which usually pays 200 and some thousand paid 44 thousand.
There were seven winners.
And four out of six was only 45 bucks.
My luck.
I had one with four.
I got a lousy 70 bucks.
So I didn't win the 22 million because if I would have, I got news for you.
When you, when you tuned in today, do you hear the audio from here?
Yeah.
You would have heard sounds of silence.
Believe me.
I believe I would have been long gone.
All this crap about, oh, well, money doesn't be anything.
Right.
And of course, Miguel, he's gotten screwed over there so many times.
That's why Miguel is happy not to be doing the CD thing.
Not to do in those appearances because they keep dragging him around.
All this crap.
They keep making all these promises.
All these, oh, yeah, we're going to, we're going to set up the van in front of your store.
For 15 times in two weeks and Miguel is going to be there, start naked and dancing in the street.
You know, all this other crap.
That's why he didn't do anything to do with this thing.
It wasn't his idea.
It was Duff's idea.
Okay.
In fact, I should have bitched him out this morning when she came in there.
That Duff.
I should have said, yeah, this whole thing is your fault.
And by the way, I don't care who you are, you're fair.
Right.
So if you want to order stuff, it's online.
Do we have a total Miguel?
I hate to ask 21, 21, a little bit more than the last you got.
Probably.
And of course, it's not our fault.
I mean, the CD is fine.
There's a lot of great stuff on it.
And the CD is really snazzy and great.
Look, and I got one.
Well, it's my ass, but not to be together.
Right.
But these people out there, they don't want to cut loose with the money.
That's all.
We still got the same audience we always had.
And who knows what it would be.
I don't want it.
I don't want it.
Okay, fine.
It's right there online.
Let me go to the homepage and send this other stupid page.
Let me take a puke at it.
Happy 30th anniversary.
There's the big picture.
Look at that neat cover there.
Stopping on the bridge center is grave.
In that clever.
Click on that thing to our online store.
It's got a listing of all the tracks that are on there for you.
Oh, don't you have a body augmentation on it.
Don't you have a, yeah, right.
Same old crap, man.
If you don't have exiled.
Of course, the polliners josh with that real porky look on this face.
Because I guess you just saw his paycheck.
So that picture could have been taken last Wednesday when it read after you found out
that direct deposit didn't hit the bank.
Yeah, that's the kind of porky look you would have been expecting that in your face.
And then that is the dream field pasta, which I'm eating that almost every day.
Man, it's good stuff.
And same thing.
They don't want it.
I don't care.
More for everybody else.
And then under that is the picture of Osama and OJ, same person.
And under that 9-11 loose chains that the documentary that you won't watch.
Because you're a bunch of hardasses.
That's all.
You don't care.
I mean, this business is trying to force people.
Let me give a little piece of advice.
Unless you want to wind up totally frustrated in a rubber room.
Don't try to force people to care about something that they don't care about.
You know what I mean?
You follow what I'm saying?
Yeah, I know what you mean.
You can bring a horse's ass to water, but you can't make them dunk it.
And so same thing with this.
You can't force people to care about stuff that you think,
oh, you want to be really whipped up.
You ought to be screaming about this.
They won't, and they don't.
And all these people, these, you know, this business that they're going to have millions of protesters.
You know something?
Those are the people they ought to be rounding up.
Those are the illegal aliens right there.
They're all gathering right there for you.
Right.
They're all coming out.
It's a coming out party.
Oh, yes, well, we're illegal aliens, so we're not hiding anymore.
Right.
If they're not in hiding, they're not hiding in the shadows, no more.
So here we are, waving our Mexican flags and carrying out like a bunch of crazy people.
Okay, great.
Round them all up in the ship mouth.
Oh, we can't ship out them any people.
Why not?
Why not?
15, 20 million people that would be unpronged practical.
Guess what?
Can you imagine how many busloads that could, in fact, Greyhound would be doing a hell of a business?
I think there are a lot of people who weren't happy to chip in for that.
So any of the illegal's back where the hell they came from.
Let the Sunday Fox start getting things straight now.
They'd have crook in Mexico and let them get jobs where the hell they came from.
And Guatemala, like that, remember that great article I released last week, Josh?
Yes.
About that whole thing.
That guy had his thumb right on it, man.
Let him have a great economy in Mexico.
And a great economy in Guatemala, and Nicaragua, and Panama.
And I also let him stop making so damn many unwanted babies.
You know, the Pope is a crazy person, okay, no matter which one happens to be wearing the dress at the moment.
We're talking about a bunch of crazy people trying to con you.
Oh, no, we don't want birth control.
We don't want no condoms.
That's why all those people in Africa are dying from AIDS because of the forced misery, the forced death from the Vatican.
And these geckies down there in Latin America, man.
And Miguel knows this.
Reproducing like rabbits.
Like rabbits.
I'm not talking about so much of ones in Miami.
They're more like cockroaches, some of them.
Oh, sorry.
But like rabbits, they went and doubt they're just punching them out.
Like the gypsies in Rome.
They got one in the oven and one in their arms and one on the street and one under four.
And one of you don't want to see no more.
It's ridiculous.
They're the baby making business.
So somebody's having a good time.
And somebody like screw in their brains out.
This is Neil Rodgers.
All right.
This is 5.6.2.8.
He has fed a homo.
Tired of the same boring old communion wafers at holiday mass.
Open wide, and prepare to receive thy savior.
God, Jesus, Father, O Mali, wafers again.
Now, Billy, this isn't just any wafers.
It's not?
No, through the divine miracle of trans-substantiation, I've turned this ordinary wafers into the divine blessed body of Christ.
Why does a body of Christ have to taste so yucky?
Spice up your next communion with new Christ Aroni.
Christ Aroni is a special blend of rice, spices and seasonings, plus a bit of the body of Christ in every fluffy fork form.
And Christ Aroni coats up perfect every time, as he should.
Hmm. Can I have some more Christ's father?
That's Christ Aroni, Billy.
Amen to that.
Christ Aroni, the trans-substantiation tree.
Open wide, Billy, if the father or a tool says that, Billy, just run like a son of a bitch and call a police.
Brack them.
Who do you hate the most?
I don't hate anybody.
192 that's on our poll today on Neorodges.com.
We can also order those neat teachers and CDs that Miguel puts so much work into.
Please.
896 votes. They're not going to do it.
They don't want it, plus they're all stealing them anyway.
Rick Stans has 191.
I hate this poll 16 Joyce 95.
Now, considering most people don't even know who the hell it is, she's doing extremely well and deservedly so.
They know. They know.
They know. They know.
They know that's the reason we can't fart.
We can't.
We can't even fart off the ear, much less on the ear.
If I fart off the ear, the phone rings within the fact that was probably her on the phone before, because I noticed there was no message.
Yeah.
Dan LeBanstewen 78.
Boy, he is getting nailed in here and deservedly so also.
Oh, but he's so entertaining and he's so amusing. Yeah, right.
You should list so long.
Steve Mr. Ego K. in 50.
That's three times his audience.
George 41, Paul Cash in over 38, red and Georgia's ass.
Thanks for 36.
Joseph Yankee 22.
I got 17.
I want you to stop and think about this.
Okay, which I'm pleased to see that.
But the 17 people are listing right now and he'd be like poison.
Greg Reed 8, Joey Reynolds 5, Geldie Geldstein's got four.
Joe Bell stuck on three.
Let's see.
The water not see.
Miguel and Josh, those three votes.
And Jim DeFeedy none.
He just went on there.
I can't believe you actually put it on there.
That's good. He deserves it.
Man, you talk about a guy who definitely does.
When I saw him on the year, we got 902 now.
When I saw him on the year last time I was down there,
I couldn't believe it.
How could you put somebody?
He makes Dave Gain look like Little Miss Muffet.
In my life, I have never seen anybody so grotesque
and he put him on TV.
Nice go on channel four.
They got that can't think idiot.
What's your name doing the news?
What else your name I keep forgetting?
Oh, I don't know.
There you do.
That like conflicted dark bits.
What else your name?
And our, huh?
Oh, come on.
You guys are slipping.
But anyway, they got her back on her after she was in New York
for about six minutes.
She flopped on her ass and they got her back,
can't believe the news.
And they got Jim DeFeedy on there.
And they got Al Sunshine doing it.
We still waving his ham hocks.
That fat type of crap.
What? No wonder nobody watches that channel.
5, 6, 7.
Come on. Let's get this phone cranked up again here, man.
If we're going to take a run on these calls,
Miguel gets really serious, certainly.
We start reading too many stories.
Tomorrow, Josh weekend, I can do all stories.
Oh, okay.
What every how we want.
Don't have to act like we got some, oh gee,
you got to do the show for Miguel.
He's sitting there putting in a lot of extra time
as opposed to what?
What else would he be doing now?
I don't know, my job.
Don't have Doreen chasing you around the hallway.
I have a lot of his mom now, huh?
Yeah, I was just going to say maybe Josh's mom
is chasing you up and down the hall.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Or maybe you might be...
You're fair.
You never know.
W-D-Q-I-M, hello.
That was the one.
That was the lone call.
And POM 5, 60.
Maybe they're out of material today.
I don't know.
Maybe they're busy getting ready for their paysocks.
Maybe they're spinning their little drills.
That's a raw holiday, by the way, folks.
I have to break the news to you.
Potato lockers and drills don't go with paysocks.
Stale lots of the tracet like cardboard
and pacifici candy and manoshave its wine.
That's what goes with paysocks.
Okay, I guess I'm going to pile it up into my pool.
Pile it up.
Well, I mean, unless the laycase is up in about five minutes,
then you'll see it from it is outpouring.
In the middle of the methodically...
We're calling today his brother's family was killed.
The Aacines, monotone voice and sphematir suddenly stopped.
He looked up, paused and pleaded.
Please don't let me say anything that will get me killed
by the Americans.
My family can't handle no mole.
The history of the story of what happened to Aacine
and his brother, Eunice's family, redefined
Haditha's relationship with the Marines who patrol it.
On November 19th, the roadside bomb struck a humvee on Haditha's main road,
killing one Marine injury to others.
The Marines said they took heavy gunfire after.
What thought it was coming from the area around Eunice's house?
Well, bad mistake.
They went to investigate and as a result,
twenty-three people were killed.
Who had nothing to do with it, by the way,
but they were pissed off and fired up.
Aacine were from Eunice's family.
The only survivor, his thirteen-year-old daughter,
said her family wasn't shooting at Marines
or harboring extremists that morning or any other morning.
They were sleeping when a bomb exploded.
And when the Marines entered their house,
she said they shot at everybody inside.
So when pissed off, how many people got nailed and as a result?
But I think we're going to...
They hit us, we hit them back.
W.A.M. Hello.
I mean, you see how we had that frantic flurry while I was doing this story,
and all of a sudden they all went out.
I saw that.
And it's like some kind of a game we're playing today.
You know, either you get to us right now,
which indicates that there wasn't a one-man anything to say.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
Well, I'll tell you how times have changed.
I think I had the right idea on Friday.
I mean, on Thursday.
See, I went... I went different directions.
Thursday was like no calls, and then Friday was all calls.
And that's you on Friday.
I wouldn't wish it on Hermione Gingold.
It was just one of the good jobs.
Oh, yeah.
It was special.
And pound five, 60 and they've rised in singular wireless lines.
We're discussing the state of the Marlins,
and why you won't go to opening day tomorrow,
and why you certainly won't go on Wednesday or Thursday on Pesach.
Man, they think you got a name David Sampson,
with a little bit of understanding of the Jewish community in South Florida.
I just made that up just to get them aggravated.
David Sampson is going to be filling it for Hank and Friday morning from 7 to 10.
Don't ask me why.
I have no idea.
I guess because we couldn't get anybody else.
We won the World Series.
Well, congratulations, sweetie.
God, as he sound awfully.
Say, WQA M Hello.
Put the pants on the window.
WQA M Hello.
Jesse Aguero only has one testicle.
It's a small one.
What is the voice of experience?
I didn't realize he had any close friends like that.
How is Jesse?
What is it?
And who is a mish?
What is that?
I'm sorry?
I'm looking on the schedule for the updates.
It's Mish, 530 and 10th of all.
Who is Mish?
You know what?
He's new.
Really?
What happened to that Israeli guy?
What was his name?
Shy.
Shy.
He's gone?
No, he's still here.
He's on the schedule.
He was moved.
I believe he does.
Let me say it again.
He's on the schedule for the fourth quarter.
Oh, I see.
He's on with a 6 to 10 at night.
And then of course, he's off of a couple of that.
That's right.
Because he's from Israel.
So when once, Paisal comes, baby.
That's right.
Or if he's shy anymore for a few days, that's it.
WQA M Hello.
I want my three, St. Alchemist Ratchet.
7QA M Hello.
I think, if Bob Amal and Scott Dunney gave me,
and then he grew his hair back out there,
he might have went some games.
7QA M Hello.
It sort of feels true, right?
Is the Mexican...
That's it.
That is I ever heard of.
Yeah.
It's the space in Dallas.
It has to be put out the stuff that vegetables and everything
in the bread, and then they bring the graph.
And it's definitely like when there's all fashion
to the T-concerners, you know, a little graph.
Right.
But the product that comes in and you add it yourself,
it's awesome.
It's called alfenix.
It's an emerald.
That's right.
If you ever end up at a day.
Tortilla soup.
Yes, sir.
Okay, thanks.
Yep, you ever end up at Dallas, new?
Yeah, right.
There you go.
Let's make a special trip, what do you say?
In fact, we can meet up with a whole bunch of illegal aliens.
Let me see this deal.
Okay.
If I were from Mexico,
and I had a cross-divorter and risked my life to get out
because I was so desperate to get out so I could get a job
and support myself, my family, whatever.
I don't think I'd be running around waving the Mexican flag.
You know what I'm saying?
I'm not big on, you know, who cares about who's waving
and what flag, all that crap.
But I will say this.
All these idiots that are running around waving the Mexican flag.
If it's so great there,
and you're so proud to be Mexican,
why don't you go back there and get a job, mon?
Good job.
You know, and at a good point,
I think it's a valid point, if you ask me.
I believe everything I say, including that.
Oh, it's so great there that I had like risked my life
to get down out of there.
That's why I'm waving a flag like sticking in your nose.
You know, give me, give me, give me, give me.
I want, I want, I want.
But here's my flag.
Well, great.
Go back where you came from, okay?
And of course, all the way to understand this,
the way things are going right now,
who want to wave the American flag, right?
Always good when you travel.
Don't tell anybody you're an American.
In fact, if you go to Europe this summer,
I know a lot of people will be traveling
for the holidays this summer.
You go to Europe or almost anywhere in the world saying,
how is it going, eh?
That's it.
That's my out, man.
I'm Canadian.
We're all Canadian.
I got my Canadian touke.
It's got Canada on there.
It says, eh, how's it going, eh?
You're a hoser?
No, you're Canadian.
We like you.
We sure don't like your neighbors to the south.
And of course, if we do nuke Iran,
it's going to really make us a lot more friends, man.
That's going to make us really safe.
28 minutes past noon at 5.60 W.F.
And we got Kim Boat camp for it too today.
We took a vote.
And you lost.
What's better than staying cool and comfortable all summer long?
How about getting an instant, $1,200 cool cash
rebate on the world's smartest air conditioner?
The five-star edition of the carrier infinity system.
And to make things even better, you can get this fabulous system
from Royce Air and Heat, where they've been taking care of
track county area families for three long, exhausting generations.
As the carrier factory authorized,
data Royce guarantees you're 100% satisfaction.
And that guarantee is also backed by carrier,
the people who invented air conditioning in the first place,
and now have invented the carrier infinity system
that actually performs a daily diagnostic check,
and then adjust itself for maximum efficiency.
And speaking of that, to maintain maximum efficiency already around
on your personal conditioner, join the Royce Air and Heat
Comfort Club.
Here's how it works.
Twice a year, they'll inspect and tune up your system.
You'll enjoy a priority same day service, and 10% off,
and you need it repairs to all of this, all of these things.
All of these things.
For just $110 a year.
So whether you choose the two-speed infinity system with
Puran or constant peace of mind with a comfort club,
either way, make the Royce choice, call Royce Air and Heat
tool free at 1-800-377-0075.
That's Royce, our YCE Royce Air and Heat 1-800-377-0075.
This is Neil Rogers.
He's failing.
This is 5.69 AF.
It's day time.
I have a towel.
But the movement has 5.6 O.
WQA.
All right.
May 5th.
St. Goad and Maya.
Oh, Mexican National holiday.
Home stations are getting away.
Fifter can't choose.
I'm going to get away.
Fifter Mexico City.
But who are you bringing Mexico to?
That's right.
We're giving away Mexico.
Real life, Mexican.
I go around.
We'll be struggling illegally in the cost of order in the wheel.
Well, the station back.
Then we'll give one to you.
Imagine your own personal Mexican.
Wash your car in your house.
If you're a crime.
And he thinks you want.
Because if they don't, you'll have them deported.
Audio South.
Be good.
Leave a big comment when you hear this.
And win a Mexican.
Members of this station and their families are not eligible to own Mexicans.
Baving in the Lasacas Mexicans, his winner's responsibility.
Station assumes no liability for infectious diseases carried by Mexicans.
That look great.
St. Goad and Maya.
We your own hope.
Every day when you're very own Mexican people will speak to you.
From 33 speaking and coming up soon that home opener tomorrow.
Opening day.
See, I don't know.
I just don't understand that.
Don't understand what?
The whole like I got to call it earlier.
Every year I go through this.
I don't understand why there's such a big hoopla and all these extra people show up opening day.
Many of whom and a lot of whom aren't going to show up the whole rest of the year.
Well, that's the point.
See, I mean, what?
What if going to opening day, they say, oh, I'm a fan, you know.
I'll show up for opening day and that's it.
That's it.
In other words, I've done my thing and how you're on your own.
Yeah, I get my part.
I go to the games opening day.
You know, they can just, it's an excuse.
Well, Kevin, well, it's the land of excuses, baby.
I don't want it.
I don't want it.
Although David Samson's got some nerve, man.
You got some stinking nerve, ripping the people and then wondering how come they don't come out to your ballpark
towards what's your little league ball club.
I hope that on Friday when he comes on air.
I'm sure he's going to take calls.
I hope the audience is rips him in as, but you know, they won't.
You know, they won't.
They'll suck up.
Oh, David, thank you so much for winning us that World Series.
You and Jeffrey are doing such a wonderful job.
And we realized that Wayne screwed you over.
You guys need that stadium.
And it's Hank and Neil.
They're fault.
Yeah, it's always somebody else's fault.
Oh, I'll say one thing for this crowd.
When it was John Henry, was there was my fault.
And now that these guys are their tanks fault.
And nobody wants to go see the games.
It's not because they put the crappy product on the field.
And they had another house cleaning.
No. Kevin Baxter, my best personal friend, writes in the Herald.
Four Marlon starters will be feeding their way through their first game at Dolphin Stadium tomorrow.
But once his players get used to South Florida's hot human weather,
manage your Joe Gerardi, who ain't no Damon Berryhill,
believes the stadium will give the team a tremendous home field advantage.
Players aren't used to the heat, Joe.
Says that I used to the rain delays.
Gerardi played dozens of games at Dolphin Stadium during a 15-year-old league career.
When it was called a Joe Gerardi stadium and PP Park, not Dolphin Stadium.
Players like to be on a schedule.
You don't get to take BP a lot of days.
It just seems to drill players off a little bit.
Whereas the home team gets used to it.
See, you know, we're so close to the stadium, the station,
that if they don't get to take BP at the ballpark,
they can come right up there, up the block there and go to BP.
Right?
That's true, yeah.
Right across from Chuck's subcenter.
How you doing, Chuck?
By the way, George, in Margot's vote anymore.
Even breathing can be tougher for visiting team Joe.
Says the other thing I remember about that ballpark was there's not a lot of air in the dugouts.
He said it was really stifling a lot of nights in the dugout.
And Joe, if you think it was stifling in the dugout,
wait till you hear what Josh has to say about how stifling it wasn't a press box
because of the stench of Dave and boring bad hair piece.
Cheers.
Gerardi also thinks the ballpark species, how feel I'm thinking,
will help the big help to his young pitching staff.
They'll get away with a few more mistakes he said.
I think that's important in their development.
Oh, yeah, develop this Joe.
Oh, brother.
Always liked Joe Gerardi.
He was okay, a little slow afoot that he was a catcher.
What do you expect?
Right.
He's going for a puppy.
How big of a burden?
Former puppy.
Yeah, well that's what I just said.
I said, Dave and Barry Hill before, but it's separate by you.
You like, you know, I quite, I quite.
Oh, you're okay.
So then what are you talking about?
How's Mike Falecki doing?
Man, I sure like Mike Falecki.
God.
Man, and that was Greg Maddox when he was like under the age of 100.
Now, did he finally hang it up or not?
Please tell me.
I know we didn't put it.
No.
How long is that going to go on?
You know, he's still okay, you know.
He's not okay.
He's not okay.
Man, I saw him just get blistered so many times last couple of seasons.
Just blistered.
Yeah, not a number one anymore.
But he makes me do a number two.
Now Mike Falecki used to make me do a number three.
I like Mike Falecki.
He was good.
I like Mike Falecki.
That was quite a team, man.
That was a hell of a team.
We had Mark Wraith at first, Ryan O'Sanberg at second.
Ryan O'Sanberg.
Sean Shawan Dunston.
I bet you didn't know any other word name.
Sean.
Yeah, why?
That's right.
SHOAN Dunston.
And on a third, we advanced law.
Oh, man.
I like fans in my pants.
And who else?
We had Andre Dawson, the Hawk was in right field.
And I team hosted.
We had the old Rick Sutcliffe was still pitching there with the beard.
Like Rip Van Winkle.
He was 100 years old then.
Ron Fae around.
What are you talking about there?
You're adding here on the 88 team.
And you better learn your baseball, Mr. Fura.
For a Julio Pretetti, you know something about baseball.
Ron Semi-ass.
Let me say it again.
Fans law was a third, but the glasses burned in law of the Deacon's son.
Remember, Vernon Lawford, a pirate to the Deacon from Pennsylvania?
I think he was from a keysport or somewhere like that.
A keys, rocks.
Anyway, what are we talking here?
We're talking like a four language.
These people don't know from any of this stuff.
They don't care about it.
We don't want it.
All the great sports mavens in Florida.
As long as I live, I'll never forget the first Marla game I went to, that opening week
for the first season.
And they're listening to all these idiots, mostly your people by the way, talking.
Oh, while Ron Ratt first, he's got to go back and tag up again before he can take his lead
before the next thing.
They're like, what are you talking about?
I mean, we're talking baseball, man.
This isn't like rocket scientists.
We're not talking about the rules of chess, baseball game.
They still don't know what the hell the rules were.
All this propaganda about like, oh yeah, well, you know, the Cubans love their baseball.
Yeah, like the Miami Amigos, that lasted a long time.
All these other experiments that are going to be supported by certain ethnic communities.
And guess what?
They don't show up.
Let me ask you this.
Now, you guys have probably been to some heat games, which I wouldn't dream of going to that.
All the suits are there, all the, you know, yuppies.
Yeah, that's the big suit.
Outside, drinking, and boozing it up, and eating all the food, while the game is going on.
How many dark folks are going to those games?
How many blacks in an average heat game, other than the ones on the court?
15%, maybe?
15%.
Yeah, about there, I'd say.
I would say maybe 15 people, I think you're exaggerating.
I've seen those crowds on TV, man.
You're really, you're exaggerating.
You're goosing it up.
Well, that's not a lot, I mean.
No.
And it's all their people out there playing.
How many white guys are on their own in each team?
Maybe like two?
Hey, we got Jay Will.
We got a couple of whiteies on the heat.
And so I'm saying, a couple of whiteies, man.
It's a dark guy's, they're well at it.
It's all, it's a dark guy's sport.
It's a couple of ticket prices down to the dark people going to afford to go support their
people.
That's what I'm saying.
Look at all the millions that the, what's his name?
It's making, okay?
In fact, we were all supposed to get rich when he came to Tanny.
He was going to pay all of our bills.
That was the proper gander that was being spilled out.
All this garbage about this ethnic group is going to support this.
And yes, what?
South Florida, nobody cares about any of it.
Unless you're winning, unless you got a contender, they don't want to know from you.
Just like that panther business.
Oh, yeah.
I'll bet you anything.
During the break, I'm going to look up and see what the attendance, what they listed as the
attendance for last night's game, which you're right.
It was a nine goal scored.
It was a pretty exciting game.
It was actually 3-3 at one point.
And they won a kick to the rest of the third period.
They scored five goals, I think, in the third period.
Yeah, they did.
I mean, you know, the cheapies at the end, you know.
Well, plus, plus they played Graham.
It was like a forfeit.
I mean, if they really wanted to win, they'd have played Sean Burke.
Graham is like a human sieve.
Is that right?
Yes, that is exactly right.
That's why they went through that desperate stretch there for a couple weeks when Sean Burke was injured.
Then he came back and all of a sudden he right to the ship.
They pretty much got a locked up now.
Nobody's going to catch them.
Is it landed?
Going to catch them?
Are they make police?
Going to catch them?
No.
Prochance and the panthers are officially eliminated anyway.
After that embarrassing, humiliating loss to the penguins and Sid Crosby, they're on Friday night.
Five to one right there in a Macarena.
To the penguins.
That was pathetic.
I saw parts of that game.
I wanted to cross.
Yeah, that's it.
We loved the panthers.
There's an amazing game.
No playoffs again.
At least look at it this way.
It's the last way about playoffs against even though they suck the money out of us already.
The season ticket holders.
They're going to apply for it next season.
Now I want to let me back now.
How's that?
Alan.
Alan Cohen, element of these billionaires.
Well, you know, well, we want the money for the playoffs.
Playoffs, my ass.
Okay.
Same old crap.
They built that new arena so Wayne could make some money.
And now so this guy can make some money.
And they keep lying about the attendance.
If it wasn't for a bad November, they'd be there.
You know, I tell you what it was.
It wasn't for all those points to get away in the last few seconds of all those games.
How many games did they blow a lead?
Or give up the winning goal in the land the final.
So how many games?
About third, man.
The first couple months of the season.
All of those games.
How all of those?
Maybe they probably give away 10 points at least.
And if they, but you know something that's like crying over spilled milk.
That's like saying, if the Leafs would lose all the shootouts because they give you the same three stiffs every time they shoot out.
And Pat Quinn is like a statue there.
What the hell are we talking?
You got me in the hockey talk?
I can't see.
Josh don't let him in there again.
I see him coming just to...
Well, be here tomorrow.
Just throw a...
his guava bird on the hall or something.
You know, being outdoors in South Florida light.
You need to be comfortable shoes.
And the only place you have to take your tutsies to get fitted right is Brandy Shoes in Pompato Beach.
All the smart shoppers know that.
The Dumbo's, they go to those department stores and get shot out.
Brandy's career is major.
Brands like Floreshine.
Echo, Mifisto, Rockport, Hushpuff, New Balance.
Tons of other name brands and all sizes for men and women.
And they even carry wide wits and hard to find sizes.
Brandy Shoes is the largest independent shoe retailer in all South Florida.
And when you win the brand, you see the fantastic selection and value and the great treatment they give you.
Brandy's, you understand why I rave about it, and have been for years.
Go see our good buddy Arnie.
He'll make sure you get the right spending shoes for your feet at an unbeatable price every time.
Unlike those department stores where you seem to wait for hours before somebody waits on you.
And then whatever style you pick out, they just don't have in your size.
Sorry. Only thing they do at Brandy is a shoe.
So you can just about bet Josh's life on it.
Whatever you like, they got it.
Don't worry about size, selection, service, or price.
Brandy Shoes at 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompato Beach,
between Atlantic and Copies on the East Side.
Can't miss it. Open every day of the week.
Monday through Saturday to Line.
And every Sunday till 5.
And this week again, they've extended a special SASA over this week at Brandy's.
Save 20 to 40 bucks a pair on all great men's and women's SASTiles this week.
So be sure to get your butt into Brandy's for fantastic savings this week or shop for your shoes right on their website at Brandy's Shoes.com.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 516 QAX.
Get a bricky of hope.
From the creators of the Apprentice.
Who do you think should get fired hits?
Hillbilly Apprentice.
We can save lots of money.
Our whole family could share one toothbrush.
We can sell a rest on eBay.
Heck, all 12 is only got 9 teeth.
And you don't need teeth that you'd tobacco.
I just follow it home.
We can sell groundless bluer.
I can't live without my liver.
Got up, grandma. He's got two of them.
We can sell groundless doover.
I can't live without my liver.
Hillbilly Apprentice.
I can make money by selling my underwear.
It's the 1247 QM953 votes on the poll we're kicking ass on there.
And Jim DeFeed is finally got one.
Now I just looked up the box score of him yesterday's game on NHL.com.
13,046 they try to push off on a public as the attendance.
Yesterday's Panther Tampa game at the Macarena and Sunrise.
You all right? That's not too bad.
Yeah, not in here. You're telling me 10.
I saw parts of that and if there were like 708,000 people there, that was plenty.
I don't know. It looked like 10 to me, maybe.
It looked like maybe about 10 people.
That's not bad. I mean, the Marlins over-exaggerate by at least 5,000.
So usually the Panthers, okay?
There might be 9 or 10,000 people.
I'll say the attendance was 16,782 because they count tickets distributed.
Which means the extra tickets they hand out to everybody that nobody wants or shows up for.
Tickets that they put in the dumpster in the back of the arena there that distributed.
They take them and they take a thousand of them and they let them fly loose in the air.
You know when a good breeze comes along and it flies, you'll see them on the ground.
They just make it up as they go along.
And of course, it doesn't do anybody any good.
Psychologic, I guess, they figure if they lie about it, oh, look at this.
All these people going, I better go too like that.
It doesn't work. They're still not going.
Seven to 8,000 is what they had.
I've been there. I've been there games when they had like four or four thousand.
All I will say is this, I've never been to a Panther game when I had as few people as some of the Marlins games I've seen.
We're looking for a few hundred people scattered through the sand. Remember those days?
Yeah, but I went to one this year that I worked.
I swear there had to be 600 people there.
Panther game?
Yeah.
There wasn't even a thousand people.
I'd be willing to bet.
You're not just talking at the beginning. You're talking about like in the middle of the game.
Well, no, because I was only there for the first period.
But, well, someone is that mean.
What does that mean? They just are late arrivals.
That's all I guarantee you by the end of the second period to release 9, 950.
Something like that. Come on.
Sorry.
Give four Alan Cohen kind of a little slack, Jack.
Or he could have put you on the payroll. He could have bought you no racehorses.
955 votes on the poll.
The phone is dead as a door now. Man, this is a tough week.
I should have taken this week off too. Maybe I will.
Who do you hate the most? Rick Sanchez has even passed.
I don't hate anybody.
204, man. They despise him.
They remember those alien days when he was trying to interfere in the news of it.
He wasn't covering it. He was like, he was part of the story.
Remember that he got on a cell phone?
Oh, don't go to the house. They're not going to be there.
And Sister Jean just had a hernia.
And she and Janet are doing it in the back room.
Or whatever he was battling about.
And luckily he couldn't get through.
Remember that?
Not really.
No, I bet you're Miguel members.
That's right up his alley that alienito stuff.
Oh, he was, he hated me like poisoned during those alien days.
He used to have like a neo-roger's burudah.
Stick in the shiv in it.
Every chance he could get.
Then after it was all over, shiv is a knife.
Shiv, SHIV.
You know, you got a dirty mind.
Perfect.
Who does?
Rick, whoever just said that, I can't, you both starting to sound the same now to me.
Like, I just thought I could pick.
Danz.
Rick Sanchez 204.
I don't hate anybody.
200.
I hate this full 119.
Well, don't they always?
Joyce 104.
Nice going Joyce.
Joyce Fitch rhymes with Twitch.
Fitch.
Dan LeBassard 79.
Steve Mr. Ego Cain 54.
I didn't know that many people still remember his ass.
Who's buying his way on the ear to talk his right.
He's suddenly born again right when propaganda with his 82 adopted kids.
George 44.
Hank 40.
Paul Kastin over 38.
Joseph Yankee 28.
Neo-Rodger 17.
He hated me like poison, but boy, airless, they wouldn't miss it.
Greg Reed 10.
Yeldie Yeldstein started to move up a little bit.
He's gotten Yine.
And you want to know why he's gotten Yine?
He rubbed off from Robert Greeper.
See, all the time I was there, actually in that building, I never realized the two of them were tight as this near a drum.
I never knew that.
Yeldie and Robert.
I guess it makes sense.
Why?
Because they both got faces and voices for off the ear.
Right?
If you tell me.
Yeldie did the heat boy, he hated Moe.
I mean, you can't even begin to imagine.
Last couple of times I came in there when Moe was still there.
And he would, I got to get off of that show.
I got to get wrong.
I can't even begin.
Yeah, I would be coming out of the T-Rome and they're doing an ace of juice, whatever.
And I come out of there and he confronted me every time.
It's stuff, you know, oh my God.
Why am I going to do it?
It's just, you know, to know him was to hate him, I guess, with a Moe Meister.
Thurie Reynolds 5, Joe Bell 3, and Jim Nafiti 1.
Now, we could have put Moe on there.
Well, let's do it.
See, we gave him everybody else a head start.
All right.
It's part of the New Neo-Rodges Head Start program.
I mean, he's long gone, but so is Joey Reynolds is in New York doing overnight.
It's about 40 people a night.
Right?
Rick Sanchez, he's a veteran CNN.
They still hate him.
To remember him is to hate him.
And especially that 40-bellied radish style.
I should have said melodramatic that.
Punk will call him again.
Rick's boyfriend.
President Bush is a parent order authorizing a senior White House official
to reveal to a reporter previously classified intelligence about Saddam Hussein's effort to obtain uranium.
Came as the information was already being distributed by several other officials in the administration.
A review of the records and interviews conducted during and after the crucial period in June and July of 2003.
Hulu and Hulio also show that what the aid, scooter lividia said when he was authorized to portray as a key judgment by intelligence officers.
And in fact, we're given much less prominence in the most important assessment of a race weapons capability.
Pack a lies, pack a lies, smear and smear and lie through your teeth.
He should have impeached the long time ago.
But no, he wasn't involved in those sexual peccadillo's, man.
He said that we know of.
That's right.
Mr. Libby said he drew on that report the October 2002 National Intelligence Assessment on Iraq when he spoke of the reporter.
However, they concluded about Mr. Hussein's search for uranium repeater and been very deeper in the report in part because it doubts about their reliability.
The new account of the interactions among Bush, Chaney and Libby was spelled out last week and had court filing by Patrick Fitzgerald.
I wonder if he knows very if it's Gerald.
The special prosecutor in the CIA leaked case.
It adds considerably to a picture of an administration some disarray as the failure to discover listed weapons in Iraq had underbind the central rationale for the American invasion in March 2003.
Against the backdrop of what's previously been disclosed the court filing shifts, particular light on hummus and let's see, Jose Viscayno, I think, was on a cup steam, too.
Cheds, particularly light on how Mr. Bush and some of his top deputies have begun to pull in different directions.
Even the some officials including Cole and Powell, then Secretary of State, started to reveal deep doubts that Mr. Hussein had started uranium to reconstitute his nuclear program.
Bush, Chaney and Libby were seeking to assimilate information, suggesting they acted on credible intelligence while not discussing the actions with other top-ades.
Why, like crazy, just make it up as they go along, which is why all these people are dead, which is why you got a blood bath going on every day.
Every single day it's a blood bath over there. But nobody seems to care, like I said before, you can lead a horse to water, but you can't make him wave its tail.
And that's just the way it goes. I will sometimes, like, out on the racetrack, they pick up their tail and put a bing.
Boy, those poor drivers, you know, sitting in little sulky's behind a horse and when a horse, see, one thing about horses, man, it does make any difference. They're not worried about etiquette, you know?
Now, when nature calls, when it's that moment, man, they just look their tail and there it goes.
Almost made a sound there. What have been a raspberry?
Raspberry flavor. You know what I'm saying? You've seen that. Well, that's right. You turned track guys.
Although I've seen the girls been in the track.
I've been with Hank.
Oh, for real, with Hank.
Yeah. Well, so you've seen what I'm talking about, I'm sure.
And especially those thoroughbreds because they're very, very high-strong and uptating, so as a result, they look their tail and thought of being, you know.
But at least the jockey's sitting on top.
Now, what the hell is the difference between like thoroughbred and what? Like harness is that?
Reading, man, reading.
Okay.
Harness horses are durably warm up three miles before the race. Okay.
Three times they come out and warm up a mouth. Three miles before the race.
If you did that with a thoroughbred horse, it would croak right there in the track. They're like China dolls.
Let's you notice that the thoroughbred track, they come out and the jockeys are like, barely they got their ass halfway up in the air.
I think that's a signal.
But at any rate, you know, and the horse is just like prancing a little bit.
Then they get in the gate, they run like three quarters of a mile away to drop dead, you know.
Okay.
They're a bread racer, man. They're really, really sucks.
Boring.
Half hour, 25 minutes to half hour in between races. It's the ponderous.
I think they invented it on the ponderosa because it's really ponderous.
Paul Merrill was on that team, by the way.
Who was?
Paul Merrill.
Rafael Paul Merrill was on there. He was probably doing a couple of, had popped a couple of roids.
No, he wasn't.
Yes, he was.
1988?
No.
Yes.
Absolutely not.
I have the roster in front of me.
But why not a chance?
He was on the team that won the division.
Rafael Paul Merrill.
I don't think so.
Oh, yeah, you're right.
You're right.
No, you're right.
He was on there.
Yeah.
Both of them are cheating.
Oh, he's looking at that.
Two minutes till the sixth race to Tampa Bay Downs, we got to feel the eight.
And look at this.
Look at the jockeys.
You know, they're getting ready to go to the gate.
And the jockeys standing up and the horse is just prancing like just wherever.
So slowly, they don't put all that weight, all that hundred and six pounds on them.
And the horse is named that they're showing his flinkus.
Perfect for a third bar flinkus as rhymes with pinkus.
Oh, man.
Oh, you won't catch me going to the third bar at track no more except maybe the woodbine.
I don't want the horses.
I would buy it because I had that gambling problem, you know.
Do you want to tell me about it?
At least you admit it.
Yeah.
Got a bad problem.
Wheel of torture.
Yeah, in your mind, you're thinking, okay, I'm down like, you know, 809.
You keep pouring the hundreds in there.
And all of a sudden, 1500 on the line.
What I mean, like that.
I ran out of there, man.
Cashed out.
I had like almost 400 credits plus the 1500.
It got to.
Almost broke even and I ran out.
I flew out of there.
And I thought, God, I feel like I just won 50,000.
That's part of the psychology, but man, even if they've cracked a little bit of that money from your ass,
they still make you feel like, see, I did have a good time.
I had a fine time.
So that counts.
I was sure better than being there.
I'll tell you that.
1257 at 560 WDQM South Florida is famous for its trade shows.
There are boat shows and car shows, bridal shows, home shows,
our fairs, galore, and lots more.
Now, if you're a trade show exhibitor, the one thing you need to know is Pub-Set.
Pub-Set creates the absolute top of the line, attention grabbing,
steal customers from the competition trade show displays.
Call 954-772-7275 right now.
And Pub-Set will get you set for your success.
When it comes to design printing posters, banners, and especially trade show
displays, Pub-Set's been the very best for 14 years in town.
954-772-7272-75 right now.
Write it down.
Write it on your limperist.
954-77272-75 for Pub-Set from design to set up.
Pub-Set can enter all your trade show needs.
And rest assured that Pub-Set will separate you from the competition.
Go look second rate.
You only get one chance to look great.
Pub-Set is the way to go.
Call 954-77272-7275 or online at pubsetssf.com.
For top-nots design, trade show graphics, and displays, Pub-Set be the way to go.
Look for my picture under building along this, see how you're laughing your ass off.
There's North of commercial.
Call Pub-Set today at 954-772-7272-75.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69.
Which is 5.69.
It's not just the one to two hour.
It's the phenomenal.
Write.
Hey everybody.
That's all you can do.
You can't just stand up again.
You can't just stand up again.
You can't just stand up again.
You can't just stand up again.
You can't just stand up again.
You can't just stand up again.
You can't just stand up again.
You can't just stand up again.
You can't just stand up again.
You can't just stand up again.
You can't just stand up again.
You can't just stand up again.
You can't just stand up again.
It's not the only time you got to go and go.
It's not the only time you got to go.
It's not the only time you got to go and go and go.
It's not the only time you got to go and go and go.
Hey everybody.
Or the dancing twigling goes on.
Call it out with where a track gets tied.
And shut the light from the stove.
And sing it away.
Yeah, you can't do it.
You can't do it.
I'm gonna go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to
go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go go to go go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to the decreases in that
もし touches reach thewhat the respost all so quicker
on the vaig mistake every single stroke la
Let's see this again the last year, but it's opening day.
We can market that.
We can save.
We can probably save the ticket for a few months and then sell it on eBay.
Right.
Get back to the fact that the Panthers leafs game tomorrow is it's on and
1360 to the Marlins game ends now the Marlin game is it four or five.
Or it's very possible that that game could be over by seven.
Right.
Yeah.
Is that really not huh?
Yeah, it could be.
You would think so.
I mean, it's almost three hours.
And of course, the Marlins will be one, two, three.
I mean, you know, three and a half.
Oh, that's bad.
Don't be saying such crap.
Padres may stink.
I don't know.
What's the Padres record so far?
I mean, it's only four, five, six.
Yeah, your five games in.
I mean, I don't know what the record is.
Well, why not?
You look it up.
You know, it won't be so lazy like George.
OK, they'll do a little work there for Christchurch for the big money.
You were paying you.
Well, what's the standings now?
Just looking at the National League.
So there's a paper there or something?
A newspaper?
No, I don't.
I read it online.
Thank you.
But I'm going to their website right now.
Who the Padres?
Still, I have to go to their website.
Just new, whatever you want to do.
Huh?
Yeah, just do it.
Major League baseball website.
That's what I did with that Panther thing.
It wasn't going to go to the newspaper.
You think I'm going to waste my time trying to get in the Sun Central in a Herald?
Well, a lot of times they'll put the attendance zero, which I think they're closer than
whatever it is said in the box.
Or about zero idiots.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty two sports.
Intensive this week because it is opening a day thing in a crow tomorrow to a client.
No, no, no, no, no.
We'll be on Wednesday because we got an early Wednesday and Thursday, man.
That's unfortunate because nobody's going to show up.
Very jackass is maybe seven thousand on Wednesday.
And if it's only seven thousand on Wednesday and it loses the first two of the series,
it'll be about four thousand on Thursday.
I don't want to be a nigger to her, but it's just realistic, you know?
And look at Thursday after the Marlon said Eagleium on Thursday, which pregame starts
at 12.30.
Oh, mad dog is doing a show at sofa.
King.
Is it?
No, it says that there's no plural on my schedule here.
But anyway, they're just as bad as the Marlon's right now sitting at one and four.
Progress.
So good.
And it means it could be a crap out.
Or the Yankees also one and four somewhere.
I don't know.
And I went to have said not even the same lead.
What are we talking about?
The Yankees.
Okay.
What are we talking about?
They're building a new stadium that they're expensive in New York for the Yankees.
Because it's too early to talk about who's good.
Yeah, that's right.
What is that?
I don't have to do with the price of peanuts at the ballpark and crackerjack and what's
that stuff they haven't said to crackerjack?
I actually had a crackerjack at the hockey game.
Right.
The first time.
But they don't sell crackerjack at the Marlon game anymore.
Well, we discovered it.
It disgusted.
What is it?
I don't know.
Yeah, you crunch in munch.
There you go.
They're munching in a crack.
Yeah, it's basically the same crack.
I like fiddle faddle myself.
And then on.
So let's see.
But Gildey makes finally resurfaces on Friday from 2 to 4 because Robert Creeper made
out the schedule probably.
Now, that is that is so shameful.
The audience doesn't want to hear.
It's a matter of fact Friday.
You know something.
Remember how I used to take the helium balloons and I would like to talk like this during the
show.
I think what I'm going to do is fill up a whole bunch of balloons Friday or I'll get a tank
of helium because we got David Samson for Hank in the morning and then Gildey at 2
o'clock.
And if that isn't good enough, then we got the Robert De Laungos, your Wig Gildey at
6.30 and then of course the brother.
So it ought to be squeaky Friday, right?
And of course it is good Friday.
So as opposed to having just the macaroni and cheese and tuna noodle casserole, you can also have a little
squeak of thought on Friday.
Wouldn't that be good?
Sure.
Although I think if you have too much of that air from the balloon, I think you'd like pass out.
Well, let's try.
Now I could always pretend I passed out.
I always want to do that, you know.
Especially George gets so freaked out if there's like one second of silence.
You've seen it.
He gets all silence and we hear.
Yeah, he hear that, then you'll know.
Too many balloons.
A thousand and twenty one, he has been blowing on too many balloons.
Thousand and twenty one votes on the poll.
Totally we'd sneak that in.
There's no problem on the who to eat the most.
I'm not going to give the results.
I'm up to eighteen.
George has got forty five.
Boy, choice one hundred and seven.
But Rick Sanchez, he's in the leak of his own, believe you me.
They despise him.
They wish evil things would happen to him.
They wish somebody would run his ugre ass over.
WCWAM, hello.
QAM.
WCWAM.
WCWAM, hello.
Not there, wow.
A loud, loud dial tone, man.
Next to loud.
I'm really surprised these phones have been working all day after that.
You know, it's a vicious start we had.
What do you think that was all about?
Yeah, screw up on your end.
Yeah, probably.
Like usual, right?
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty.
Tom five, sixty, and they've risen in a singular.
Screw up on my end.
WCWAM, hello.
Still not there on two.
WCWAM last call.
Hi Neil.
Yes sir.
Hi, you were talking about Rick Sanchez and when he was trying to call and he couldn't
answer, remember that?
Yes.
Yeah, I called you with that story.
I was watching the news and what happened was if you remember the details of Greg.
And the entourage was on the way over to a sister Jean's place on the beach.
Right.
And the grandmother's were being flown by helicopter about five nights because then they were going to be driven to sister Jean's house.
Well, he just, I don't know, the blue just got the news that the grandmother's were not going to appear.
So then that's when he started calling the spokesperson that was driving the car which I think the thing was Gutierrez.
And he was trying to call him on the cell phone.
What about you, God, man?
It's incredible.
Oh yeah, I got a memory of everything that happened.
And he was trying to call him but he says, oh, apparently they're not answering their cell phone.
You know, because if he would have called, he would have turned around, he would have stopped that whole meeting from occurring.
Right.
Yeah, it occurred to him.
And Janet would never have hooked up with sister Jean.
That's right.
All right, they'll take care of you though.
Thanks for the good news, man.
There's a walking encyclopedia of trivial crap.
That's incredible.
It's like me with all my hockey and harness racing trivia stuff.
Frank Todd Jr., baby, look out.
Here it comes with the dark blue silks.
Once cashed a 25 to one shot with Frank Todd Jr., how do you like that?
Very nice.
And Frank Taylor, who had only one thumb.
WQAM, hello.
Dr. Hirshocky.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay.
Great. You know, I was thinking about you yesterday.
You know, this may take a second to register.
But I was watching the masters and Jose Maria Olafable was in the contention.
I remember seven years ago when he won it, you were making fun of his name.
Who is that name?
Jose Maria Olafable.
Bobby Dam.
Yeah, so you know, what kind of a guy's name Maria?
That was the problem you were having with him.
What?
He's a hell of a golfer though.
Well, there you go. That's good.
I'm glad to hear it.
Maybe we'll do something useful and productive, yes.
Where's Marius Lachis these days?
Do you have an idea?
Marius Ressie S?
Yes.
I think she's at the barbershop cutting it short, like the call.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
How is Marius Ressie S?
And the whole family, the Miami family, yeah, of drunks.
Wasn't that some episode, man?
Oh, please, please let's have another one of those deals.
We couldn't have choreographed that better, you know?
Every day the phones were just smoking.
The phone was practically burning out.
We didn't like blown off the circuits were getting blown.
Well, I mean, you know what I'm saying?
I don't just say.
God, oh, my, oh, speaking of that, Florida's first gay road day away success.
Men and women rode fucking Broncos and had some fun dressing goats in tidy,
whitey underwear during the state's first ever gay road day of this weekend.
Tidy, whitey underwear.
See, that's the image they like to project.
All you pansies out there, all you fruit flies, you know?
Wow.
Participants competed in common and uncommon red-o-y events.
During the Sunshine Stampede, Bergeron rodeo grounds in Davy.
Of all the places you'd least expect there to be a gay road day of,
it'll be in Davy, you know, as in Ritam Cowboy having different meaning.
Goat dressing, consider one of the rodeos camp events,
is one of two person team wrestles a pair of jockey style underwear on a goat
and races back to the finish line before the goat can reel them off.
It's a fun event said goat dressing competitive rich valdez of Colorado Valdez.
The crowd likes to see something unique, unique.
The Florida Gay Road A or Association hosted the weekend long fundraiser for charity,
competitors by and traditional rough stock and speed categories,
including bull riding, raccoe riding,
bronco riding, cap roping and barrel racing,
as well as in camp events such as steer decorating and wild drag racing.
Oh God.
They can ride bulls, ride broncs and wrestle with steers,
just said Mike Williams, chairman of communications and media for the Florida Gay Road A or Association.
He's known in the rodeo circuit as cowboy Mike, he likes to ride him.
There are some pretty tough women out there too.
One woman and then shoot dog, eating a steer racing event, proved that statement true
while cleaning into a steer that repeatedly bucked her and then rolled her over,
completely repeatedly bucked her.
Okay, I want to make sure I said that right.
She was met by a louder applause from the audience as she got up and walked out of the ring.
All right, you go girl boy whatever you are, you old bull die.
More than 3000 spectators attended the rodeo on Saturday and Sunday had about the same attendance.
I think it's great since spectators Jim Allen drove up from the South Beach with the event.
The people are here very friendly, it's like a community event.
And of course they'd be a lot more friendly if you like, look pretty good.
Oh it's bigger than that, just one more of those and then we'll get off of that thing.
What's the deal with that? Is that like the new thing, the gay cowboy?
It's not new, they've been doing it for a long time.
They've been riding beer back or what, what a...
Well I guess it's timely though huh?
I'm saying.
Everybody all whipped up.
I saw a little bit of Donnie Darko last night.
Great movie.
I'll tell you one thing, I never really thought about it that much before,
but he sure looked a lot better in that movie.
They did that awful broke ass mounting.
Jake Gullinhall, he looked okay.
He liked the little disturb the Jake.
Yeah, exactly, very just a little bit under the disturb side.
He said some bad dreams and of course that was that was that waswastly rabbit.
Next Monday some 200 gay families are planning to attend the annual White House Easter Egg Roll to showcase themselves to the nation and President Bush.
But some religious conservatives say the families are crashing the public event
and exploiting children for political ends.
We're not protesting the president's policies on gay families insisted Jennifer Chrysler,
executive director of the Family Pride Coalition, the organizer of the gay families attending the event.
We are however helping him understand that gay families exist in this country
and deserve the same rights and protections all families need.
Not so said Mark Tully, director of the United Methodist Committee at the Institute of Religion, Democracy, and Hate,
and Influential Conservative Group.
It's facetious and not very persuasive for Family Pride to say they're not making a political statement Tully said
in a few last week in the conservative weekly Standard Magazine in January,
Tully called the gay families crashers and surmised that President Rutherford Beehays,
who first held the public White House Easter Egg Roll in 1878,
would never have imagined controversy that the event was stirring up more than a century later.
Current hostess of the event Laura Bush has adopted a neutral position.
All families are welcome to the Easter Egg Roll provided they stick with the rules,
said her press secretary, no more than two adults at least one child under the age of eight,
and a partridge in the fairries, and they're going to be Rolamin,
Rolamin Big Pratt ones on the White House line.
115 at 560 WQN, dry concepts is the best corporate cleaning company in the world.
I know that I've used him for over 21 years and always rave about him because they never let you down.
And they want to remind you now that springtime has arrived official.
Cleaning your windows doing a little dusting here,
they may give the outward appearance your home is clean,
however until you really deep clean all the dirt and germs settled on into your carpeting,
your furniture, draper, even in that bedding with those dust mites, it just really isn't clean.
Dry concepts is offering right now, a springtime special to help with all your spring cleaning
and is just a phone call away. Don't forget dry concepts specialise in a poultry cleaning,
leather cleaning, draper cleaning, oriental rug cleaning, water damage restoration,
pet odor treatments, mattress cleaning, the sacred bite of those nasty dust mites and much more.
So don't just have clean your home in the spring, call dry concepts today they'll never disappoint.
Have your home cleaned from top to bottom. Always show up on time, always professional service,
and always a written guaranteed price upfront, no rip off, no scams.
So call dry concepts tool free in Dave Rower to the Palm Beaches and some Detroit,
or did you call 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071er on line,
it's dryconcepts.com.
Brack, short, come and out, or no.
With these gotta lay boy in her family home.
Brack them.
Can't get off the pipe, hurt, hair with a little and a piece of a rotten,
but Whitney still keeps using lots of drugs.
When she's tiny thinks that she's covered with mud,
pain while your breath has pictures of all the Whitney drug paraphernalia,
needles and spoons, mushrooms, Whitney turns her mansion into a crackdown.
It won't be long till she's sold off to rehab again.
Because there's cracks won't come and out at all.
Brack them.
With these gotta lay boy in her family home.
Herby, by the proud, but with me to start working on her still hygiene,
because she's not clean.
And this melism, see.
I'm more of a figure fan of Ray Whitney than Whitney used to.
I like this.
21 after 1 to 560, nobody can go.
We got Kim Bo-Camp or a tube.
Jim Mandage.
4 to 7 this afternoon and Curtis at 7 and he killed 10.
10s of thousands of immigrants spilled on the streets of Atlanta,
other cities today in the National Day of Action,
built this campaign for immigrants' dignity.
How much dignity can have when you're breaking the law?
In North Carolina and Dallas, immigrant groups called for an economic boy,
conscious of their financial impact.
In Pittsburgh and other cities, protest together to law makers or offices,
to make their voices heard as Congress considers immigration reforms.
Ain't gonna happen, by the way.
Ain't gonna happen.
And not a zip-a-doo die.
We all know pay isn't the same everywhere.
A lot of people won't work for the minimum here.
So if they won't take the job, what's the problem?
It's a 40-70-year-old Jose Salazar who joined about 100 people outside center,
Arlen Spector's office in Pittsburgh, really today.
In Atlanta, police estimated at least 40,000,
we had 10,000 in Miami yesterday,
waving American flags and chanting legalization in downtown Miami.
Lots of Haitians, by the way.
I never got a call from the Haitians,
everything must be foaming at the mouth.
Yeah.
The protestors had a dual purpose in Georgia,
supporting immigrant rights naturally,
and protesting state legislation and waiting governor Sonny Perdue's signature.
We sure like his chickens.
That would require adult seeking many state administered benefits to prove they're in the country legally.
Oh no, he shouldn't have to do that.
Just anybody.
You know, I want welfare.
I want my driver's license.
I want my 57 Chevy.
I want all I want.
I want all I want.
Neeneth Castillo.
A 26-year-old waitress from Guatemala,
since he's lived in the U.S. for 11 years,
without a scrap of paper.
Well, isn't that a sad commentary, huh?
Doesn't that tell you what kind of a great job we're doing?
I have tended to agree with all the old dobs on this,
with all fat-jowled, lewd dobs.
Asked whether she was afraid to parade her undocumented status
in front of a massive police presence she laughed and said,
why, they kicked us out, we're coming back tomorrow.
How do you like that?
Isn't that a nice attitude?
Yeah, great.
Carlos Carrera, a construction worker from all places,
Mexico held a banner that read,
were not criminals, give us a chance for a better life.
We would like to let them work with dignity we want to progress along with this country,
who said he's been in the U.S. for 20 years.
Every way.
I just mentioned that in passing.
In North Carolina, hundreds of Latinos have heard to skip work
or work out all purchases today to demonstrate the financial impact
of the Latino community on area business,
and Charlotte Siman-Ploy is trying to skip work
including some of the blessings of their Latino bosses.
We're hoping that employers stop to consider what this is all about.
Organizer Adriana Galvez said,
knows all these people that name ends in a Z, most of them.
Except that Carrera guy.
I think he's playing for his space for the Marlins tomorrow.
That if you need people here to do the work to buy
then give them a legal channel to get here.
He'll be saying.
Now it goes on and on.
I got news for it.
Let me say it again.
If they give an embassy to illegals and now they're saying,
okay, it's 11 or 12 minutes, probably 15 to 20 minutes.
They haven't got any ideas.
They just picked those number out of their butts.
They've got any clue.
If they give the man in the city, you're going to see a poor...
They're going to be pouring from all the way down there in Argentina and Chile.
They're going to be like, they're going to be trekking.
They're going to be trekking all the way through Paraguay and Peru and Bolivia and Venezuela
and Nicaragua and El Salvador and what am I leaving out?
You know that.
That's more than enough right there.
Yeah.
All the way up the old Hershey High,
and then of course right across the Mexico border with Texas and California
and to Mexico and Arizona.
Even Marlinsy is like all that out of shape.
You may cut off his ponytail.
He used to be rumors about Marlinsy and Dick Clark by the way.
By the way, speaking of Dick Clark, how's he doing?
Every cover from that New Year's, oh man.
Wow, looks like they were shooting him from the Protostects in the public.
Looks like a vegetable, didn't he?
Look bad.
Because they lie a lot.
You know what?
What there is is a maker.
He got like any products that he sells.
I mean, are people out buying American bands, stand, member, video?
Or are you...
Yeah, I'm think so.
Does he still have any of those sweatshops?
I mean, those restaurants.
How about the one on the base side?
Is that still there?
Miguel would know he hangs out of the base side all the time.
Yeah.
No, he had one of his restaurants there, right on the base side.
Sure he did.
I don't know what his restaurants are.
You didn't see Fahrenheit 9-11?
I don't know, it was in Boeing for Columbine.
I'm sorry.
Where that woman in Detroit, the kid her kid that I suddenly shot that little girl.
Do you remember that scene from Boeing for Conn?
You didn't see Boeing for Columbine?
I didn't see Boeing for Columbine.
Josh seen it.
I've seen it.
Yeah.
And remember that woman was working like she was getting on the bus from Detroit and going all of the way from Flint and going to Detroit to working at mall at the restaurant.
I thought that was her.
And she was also making the fudge.
She was making fudge for white people.
As a matter of fact, I think it was Fudge Brown that featured that flick, because of the dolphins.
What kind of...
When you change your name if your name was Fudge Brown, well, who would name somebody like that?
Am I right?
I mean, there's worse out there.
We've done the athlete, you know, the bad name, athlete poll.
Yeah.
I once worked with a guy's name was Dick Green.
Okay.
But Fudge Brown?
Come on.
Fudge Brown is coming to town.
How come a job, Brownie?
Anyway.
I tell you, I do like Fudge, but point is it'll make your blood sugar grow just skyrocketing, zooming.
Because it's pure sugar, man.
Yummy, right?
I'll tell you what else is really bad for you.
A very high-life, seeming value as pizza.
I mean, we're talking about all this pizza.
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
Including the pizza burglars.
But pizza, man, they put sugar in the dough and they put sugar in the sauce.
Oh, and between that and the...
I don't know what it is about pizza, but as much as I love it, I can't eat it.
That's right.
You can eat it.
I'm going to keep doing it.
Yeah.
You eat mine too.
You go right ahead.
Eat my quota.
And looking at discovered, you know, remember we were talking on Friday about the cheese sauce in a jar, right?
Well, I didn't actually look for that, but in one of my smaller supermarkets, I found like...
Cheese sauce.
For cheese sauce.
What is that?
For like Alfredo, like if you want to make fitted cheese, Alfredo.
Oh, yeah.
And like I was saying, Alfredo didn't make any difference of what kind of pasta you use with these different sauces.
It's not written in the Bible somewhere that if you don't use the right to use a cheese on...
I'm spaghetti instead of macaroni.
You're going to burn in hell.
And so I took that four cheese sauce and I looked browned up my beef in it, my ground beef with some sliced olives,
and put that in my four cheese sauce and my pasta man, all the man of shivots.
Is that good?
Ooh.
Better than you can even believe.
I don't think I've had beef in cheese.
And very few...
What do you mean you never had like...
Have both of that with pasta.
Beaky macaroni, you never had that?
No.
Boy, you go, man.
You know what else all about.
You're supposed to do the experts on that.
That's right, they probably didn't want to meet on Friday in there with a macaroni because they were sending you the hell.
That's right.
Right?
The macaroni and cheese...
Sans, are you going to add your tuna in there though?
You need to meet on Friday man.
You could have put your tuna in there though.
Well tuna noodle casserole with macaroni and cheese.
You know, that sounded like a good mix to me though.
What?
Like, meat with the macaroni and cheese?
Trying to think about that here.
Yeah.
I'll have to try that.
Well, what do you like Orthodox Jewish now?
You just converted?
No, no, no.
You're not a good Catholic.
We know you're going to burn in hell for that.
Why not talk to Gary Sarner?
He'll tell you about it.
It's trief.
It's trief.
He'll turn your stomach into like a burning cauldron.
It'll be roiling and boiling in your...
In your proper man.
Jesus Christ.
That meat and milk combination.
It's trief.
Next thing you know, you'll be eating with like one set of dishes instead of your milky,
conflation dishes.
And here at Paisov's time, you'll let's even Miguel knows about that.
About the two separate sets of dishes.
I bet you Miguel's pretty tight with Gary Sarner.
Is Gary Sarner still there, by the way?
Yeah.
He's still alive.
I believe he's the national sales manager.
Well, was that the thing all you need to know?
This is Neil Rogers.
He's fine.
He's too cute.
He's a...
I smell it.
Yeah.
You've seen J.D. perform on the Grammys with Paul McCartney.
And now, the hover comes out of retirement.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Did you wet with all the legend?
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
J.D.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
You've never heard more beautiful to Wester D.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
J.D.
Do you worry with the legend?
You didn't want to talk, y'all.
You know, this carer Phillips on CNN.
I would give anything.
I'd pay serious money to see her like...
I can't go on off right in the middle of the newscaster on CNN.
I would...
I would just...
I'd give wild sexual excitement from that.
A thousand seventy votes on the pool.
Who do you hate the most?
I could put her on here, but she ain't like...
What did she got to do with us?
Rick Sanchez, 224.
Man.
And by the way, that guy is still dead.
The one that he ran over from the stadium,
speaking of the Amarlins and the dolphins in that place.
That stadium.
I don't hate anybody.
220.
I hate this pool, 129.
Joyce 110.
They despise you, Joyce.
They always say, you and Kira could be sitting there in the same...
Same seat.
They would be sitting in her lap.
Dan LaBass, 284.
Mr. Ego, Steve Cain's 60.
Wow, that is an astonishing number for someone who has become so obscure.
George 47.
Paul Castronova 44.
Hank, the Humphers got 42.
Not too bad.
Joseph Gackie 32.
Mohawar David had laid the edition 26.
It is climbing and climbing.
Don't fall off now, Mo.
Climbing.
Neo 20.
Greg Reed, gone, but certainly not forgotten.
11.
Most of those I'm sure from inside the building.
And Geltie's got 11.
Joey Reynolds, 8.
Joe Bell, 3.
And Jim DeFeedis, only one.
177.
We'll get to 1100 before the end of the show today.
Aren't you excited about that?
Even without George.
Even with little George invocation this week.
That amazing that we can still do it without George.
And we're going to do it with the O'Migal to Mark.
Because Miguel's going to be a gate to F.
Yes.
Yep.
He stands for Freaking Marlins.
With the Crow.
You know, you're going to be on the air with him.
What are you going to be doing out there?
Were you giving something away or not?
Is it, would that be a joke?
We always give stuff away.
Well, like what?
What are we giving away?
Well, we have our baseball t-shirts.
Why?
I like that one.
Why?
Hey, we're at Morint.
Morint.
Mani Ramirez.
We have baseball t-shirts.
We've got Marlins prizes to give away.
You know what else we got?
Some rare, rissuses.
Yeah, we've got those, too.
You can go hang with him.
They get...
Oh, I like that.
They get...
They get...
They get...
They get...
They get...
They get...
They get...
They get...
They get...
They get...
They get...
Oh.
There's a little preview of the Crow Show about talking
at a heart ball for the opening.
I eat your hearts out there across the street, man.
Your buddy, Stu Gotts, and all the other losers across the street.
We got the Crow, okay?
We got a man that nobody in the world would dare to put on here,
except us.
And we got another one, too.
We got Lenny Martez.
And we got...
That one.
So each of your parts out over there with your one shares.
Losers.
W-D-Q-I-M, hello.
Neil, I have a petition here with well over 100 signatures to get too off the air.
We'll be fixing it to the FCC.
And we will...
Listen, listen.
When you're sitting around the Maypole, okay, lick over once in a while.
Let it get some air.
56670560, PON 560, and they've arrived in Singular Wireless Line.
That's their new tack, okay?
At least they got a new piece of material, like I told them last week.
Good off the old stuff.
Get on something new.
This one's already still, okay?
Come up with something new for tomorrow.
Come up with something new for a piece off, okay?
Nobody in QAM, hello.
QAM.
Yes.
Good afternoon, Neil.
How are you?
Good afternoon, yes.
Listen, talking about...
I was...
I know you are a diabetic and don't eat too much wheat, but...
No, you had the first part, right?
Yeah, well, I...
Unfortunately, you do eat sweet, especially ice cream.
Well, but at least...
But at least, I keep my azure card, man.
I just...
You know, I saw Hank on the air on the Saturday with all to be spec'd like I told him at the Wood Memorial on ABC.
And I thought to myself, I'm looking at him.
I'm thinking, this is a man whose diabetic and doesn't take his blood sugar.
And I'm thinking of a dead man and a brown tooth.
No, no, he is the rest of humanity.
Anywhere.
I was in the...
You must be out of this world because I don't know how he does that.
I was very keeps going.
No, I know.
I was in an English cruise recently.
Last week, as a matter of fact,
were to risk a cruise, yeah?
No, no, in English, yeah.
I was in the Patagonia.
Do you know what that is?
No, why?
Oh, in the woods, all the way south, in the Antarctic.
Anyway.
And in the dining room,
the couple next to me, we happen to be from Toronto.
They're English people, but they live in a lake in Toronto.
When a big lake, they talk about beautiful homes.
They live in the lake?
Yeah.
And they ordered dessert.
And I think you would love to dessert the day already.
It was like an sponge cake, very soft,
with the racist inside and the light cream.
Do you know what the name of that dessert is?
No, it's spotted.
It's spotted, dick.
Oh, yeah, that's an English thing, yeah.
Right.
In fact, there's a pub here in Toronto that's called the spotted dick.
Really?
Or that's a British dessert?
Well, of course, the British also have,
I don't know what it actually is, but it's called Toad in a Hole.
Yeah, yeah, I know.
Yeah, that's true, Toad-Aoe.
I swear to you that I thought of you in...
I mean, that's why the British are so constipated.
Right, right.
And you know something that I tried, I tried, and it was not good at all.
Anyway, Jose Maria is a very popular name in Spain.
Really?
And of course, it's in the order of Joseph and Mary,
that Jewish couple, very famous Jewish couple,
that had his shoes, you know.
Jose Maria and his shoes, yeah.
Yeah, that's a very, very, one of the most popular names in Spain, Jose Maria.
So, anyway, I'd run out of things to tell you a happy Easter over.
Happy Easter over to you.
Oh, yeah, happy Easter then, West over too.
Okay, my friends, say get a good fellow, and we'll wish more on our next week.
We need to be here.
We need to be here.
Ciao, ciao, ciao, ciao, bonanha.
Toad-Zines, do we?
My God.
What?
Oh, I fell over from that call.
He's a good guy, he's just chronic, that's all, he's just...
I'm sure he means well.
He does, he's a good guy, like I said, okay.
There's some chronic, so our jackass is who are ace holes,
and there's some chronic, so our good guys, but have nothing to say.
We like him, but he's a good guy.
Now, we've already talked about those British,
it goes to sure where his mind is though, huh?
But then again, he's one of Miguel's people, so...
I guess the totem the hole looks like some kind of sausage.
Well, don't stand up too fast.
I have a, I hear that has a habit of falling out.
This is Neil Rogers.
Neil Rogers.
Neil Rogers.
Neil Rogers.
Neil Rogers.
Neil Rogers.
Donald, I understand that Melania's breastfeeding and her breasts are huge.
Yes, bigger, better, stronger, more beautiful.
You've got to be thrilled.
I am, they're both very, very fascinating.
Uh-huh.
I have a good relationship with them.
And we have a lot of fun.
It sounds like it.
Melania, your thoughts?
I'm considering that.
Okay.
She's having fun.
And so am I, but...
I can imagine.
I win crazy.
Bapapapapa.
Bapapapapa.
Okay, I get the idea.
Bapapapa.
No.
I know.
Bapapapa.
No.
Orania, is it any fun for you?
I don't think so.
Bapapapa.
That's all I can say.
146, look at that.
The Cadillac Church is all whipped up supporting the legal aliens,
because that means, you know, it's part of the war in numbers, you know?
Isn't that great?
Yeah, they're encouraging them to break the law.
And Cadillac Church far be it from the priest that would break the law,
except of course, molesting little boys.
Well, that's just more boys coming in, you know?
They're more young boys, and of course, more sluppers to put the pesos
in the collection plate every Sunday.
They'll show them the way.
That in mind.
Yeah, that's right.
They got a shortage of altar boys,
and so we need to bring in more than illegal aliens.
Bangers in mass.
That's another one of those great specialities of the British.
You know, I got a friend that's going to London at the end of the week for a few days.
I've never, well, I've been there at the airport, but I sure have never gone to the city.
I've never, one of the places I would never, ever go.
Really?
Why is that?
Again, really?
I mean, why?
You haven't decided to go to London?
Yeah.
For what?
I have a great cuisine.
I have friends that have been there, and that is probably one of the best places you could ever go.
You want to see the English babes?
One of the best places you could go for what?
Well, anything.
What's not to do in London?
It's a huge city.
What can't you do in London?
I don't understand.
What's negative about London?
It's full of British.
Okay.
Yeah, and crappy food.
And the weather sucks.
It's raining almost every day.
It's cloudy in bank and rains.
And you got all the queens running around.
A lot of queens in London?
Well, it's like here, too.
Sunrise, big of places where it's really great to be sunrise.
Sunrise residents of Longacre community promised they'll be heard as they voice objections to a new Walmart Supercenter,
planned for construction adjacent to their homes, bangers and mash.
Expected to operate around the clock, 176,000 square foot stroke at open as soon as late next year,
at the southwest corner of Oakland and Pine Island.
But homeowners, setting a litany of concern, said they would call on commissioners to preserve their quality of life,
and block the store as construction to which we say, you go, guys.
We are definitely going to get a group to go in there, and we're going to get some flyers out and send some material to sunrise lakes.
Phase three, which is the south of the plan store, is the Karen Perente.
Residents she opened when divided into working groups conduct research on crime, trafficking taxes,
and give the commissioners every possible reason to vote against the Supercenter.
If we get united and put up a good prompt, we can do this, she said.
While the proposed store is not on the agenda for a tomorrow night's commission meeting,
residents hope to use the meetings to form to address commissioners more than 30.
Longacre residents attended a nearly two-hour meeting here last week in the local hotel ballroom,
opening the session attorney Susan Motley.
Member of Motley Kuhnodot explained that she represented Walmart and was there to inform residents of the store's plans
and find out what residents wanted.
What we wanted to interject in Ralph Perente is you not to move in.
Nice go on Ralph. Well said. When in doubt, get the hell out.
Residents voiced many objections to the store, which will replace the store at the northeast corner of Oakland and University Drive,
among the issues raised was need as one resident brought with her at Walmart.com,
Max Joanne 11 Walmart stores already located in Broward, 11.
Other concerns addressed out the store's parking lot,
life's could illuminate their neighborhood, whether the trash system would bring noise and odor,
whether crime might come up, what effect the store would have on traffic and what local property values could suffer.
Let it doubt keep their ass out, like is going on all over the country,
more and more people are getting banded together. We don't want no Walmart by us.
Let's go away. Go away. You gray robbers, you lunatics.
And of course, I'm sure that Walmart, they're not for illegal immigrants, are they?
Oh, man. They'll change the name of their business to slave labor be us.
116 votes. Who do you hate the most? Rick Sanchez, 229,
the poster child for Hayton South Florida.
I don't hate anybody. 227, 20.5%. We don't believe you at all.
Maybe three of you. Maybe.
And just like when we do this, false mask, you know, people about their prejudices and,
oh, I love everybody. No, you don't. You're a liar.
Even on anonymous pool, they don't want to admit that they're bigots.
Everybody's got a little bit of bigot, like Timidine says,
there's a little bit of bigot in everybody.
I hate this pool 131. Joyce, 115. Nice going Joyce.
They're out of your ass.
Dan LaVastard, 89.
Mr. Rico, Steve Kane, 60. George 51.
He's like only in the pack. He's like, oh, they hate me.
They, they, they're used to your crap.
Castored over 45, Hank 44.
Joseph Gaki, 32. Mojaro, David's move right up. I'm Joseph.
I asked 28. I got 20.
I got 20 that says they're all listening here. All the 20 of them.
Greg Reed, 12. Geltie, Geltzean, Godloven. He's right on Greg's butt.
Wouldn't be the first time.
Joy Reynolds, eight, Joe Bell, three in Zimini's PD1.
Notice how the Joe Bell three votes came in early?
I didn't vote for my voter for Joyce.
So let's see, the water Nazi would be one.
See, nervous lad McGell would be two and Josh would be three.
Nope.
Did you vote? I did.
And who'd you vote for?
I vote Joyce. Joyce, yeah.
Joy, how about McGell?
That text me the most.
He, he's the only one that can vote in the building.
So that's right. You can't, in the whole building.
That's right.
See, this is why we can't get more than like, even on a really great day, like a couple thousand votes on our poll.
Because if you're like, it's that AOL crap.
Isn't that what it is?
No.
What is it?
We're all in the same network.
Not working, you know?
No, but I mean, like if you're in a building where everybody's on the same network, you're the, you're in you vote fast.
Nobody else can vote, right?
Right. Right.
So people like click on our website and they see the poll, they see the result, but they can vote.
Well, that, that's a bunch of crap.
He keeps us from freepin' it.
He does what?
No, but if you have a building with a hundred employees in it, right?
And nine years, then more near Roger's fans, you know, only one gets to vote.
I'm up to 21 now. I think, I think Joe Bell just voted.
This is Neil Roger.
He goes, what?
Prepare this.
This is 5.62.8.
That was that.
Oh, look, huh?
You're right there?
No, look what just happened.
I knocked it down here because when my finger slipped, I almost hit Lee Ann Farts.
You know, that Lee Ann rhymes, but...
Oh, that would have been funny.
That would have kept you really busy, man.
You'd have been banging it and hitting it and smacking it.
Lee Ann Farts.
Let's play a little bit of that.
I'll work on you, go.
Oh, let's not find out, okay?
Let's, let's, we got this far.
Let's not find out if this juncture is where I would sit.
Oh, speaking of, we got time for this one story.
And maybe for a quick call, WQYM.
Hello?
QYM.
Oh, he's a squeezing it.
WQYM, hello.
Hello, Niz.
Yes, sir?
I love Nizam Yufair.
Okay, I'm glad.
Go back where you came from with a phony accent.
Time stamp photographs will show an exotic dance it was already injured and very impaired.
Time stamp photos.
When she arrived at that party where she claims she was raped at it by members of Duke
University's Manzala Cross team and attorney for one of the players he'd yesterday.
She was impaired.
The raw maternity bill Thomas said some of the photos taken when she arrived at the house.
Indicate the woman was injured before getting the party marks 13.
They show extensive bruises and scrapes on her legs, especially around the knees he
said.
Now here comes the, this is the real coup de grace.
This young lady was substantially impaired.
She had fallen several times during the course of the evening, Thomas said.
Now you know like when you go out and you shoot a moose.
Okay.
Listen to me and if falls maybe several times it staggers around a fall several times.
What do you do with the moose head?
I don't know what you do with it.
You put it on the wall.
What do they call it?
They call it your mounted.
Right?
Right.
And she was an exotic dancer and she fell several times and so obviously it was a lacrosse player
who figured well what do you do?
Your mounted.
There you go.
See?
Very simple.
Don't take Shylock home to figure it out.
By the way don't watch that movie.
You won't like it.
Even though the last line's got to be about it.
We were ahead of bringing Hank back.
It's kind of cute.
The man who knew too much.
Hitchcock.
Have you liked any Hitchcock movies besides Psycho?
No.
No.
I don't know.
What else?
Give me a couple of other.
North by Northwest.
I haven't seen it.
Rope.
Never heard of it.
Never heard of rope?
No.
I know what rope is but never heard of it.
What rope?
Don't know.
You know it's 58 degrees already.
The sun is shining man.
They're full over.
They can ever.
It's going to be like in the 60s today.
So I'm going to get there a lot of it.
Bye.
Bye.
