Okay, have a safe flight.
Thank you.
Off for Tulsa, for home.
24 hours still Tulsa.
That's what Jim Pintney said.
Looking at it in him.
Oh, you don't want to go there.
No.
How you doing today?
I'm here because Georgia is sick.
Oh.
See if Georgia were not sick.
I'd be out sick.
I'd like to...
The flu.
I got my sugar-free cipicles here all...
All juiced up.
Yeah, they're good.
I've had those.
Okay.
Yeah.
Not really.
I take sugar-free...
Sugar-free?
Yeah.
Sugar-free's.
Yeah.
I take sugar-free.
But not cipocols.
It's the other brand I came up to right now.
I got to get out of here.
How you doing, alright?
You got to see the flu?
You have a flu?
Well, a little...
I've had it for a few days.
And that's why I had the sore shoulder and neck and the sore throat.
But it runs this course.
It's just though, I'm just over mine.
So I get to go on an airplane probably catch you back again, right?
And of course, uh, you know, whatever I don't have now probably catch this afternoon you know where
Because we got the marlins in the cob. Oh, yeah, we've got a 15 minute early exit. So
Just like you I'll be exiting real fast right out the door. I'll be able to talk to you tomorrow from Tulsa
Excellent. Well, that'll be a first yes
First crossover in history on this station from Tulsa next Tuesday by the way
11.30 in the morning you want to be sure and be listening the ratings are gonna be coming out. Oh
Nobody told me that I had to look it up on the internet
11.30. That's our pretty thing. Huh? Yeah, I'll be around for that. Yeah, you'll be there
Well, unless unless you get joyst between now and then yeah, I have a two o'clock flight that day for Louisville
Do you really yeah, maybe I'll stay there
I'm paying on numbers. Well, wait a minute. Well, what does that mean?
What's he gonna be doing your shows from Louisville on Wednesday and Thursday? No, I'm not working next
I am working, but I have to draw show next Wednesday and Friday the oaks and
Got a lot of work. Who's gonna be doing a morning show? Well
We don't know yet
Different people you aren't gonna believe this it says on the schedule looking at it today
This is the first time I've seen this down. We I'm coming a relapse after the Marlin Cup game
It says 220 to 550 which you know might not last that long
So let's assume the game into this five. Yeah
Till 10 you got
Five hours of Goldie. Yeah
That's time to adjust your radios folks
Well, listen have a safe trip. I don't want to hold you up. I don't have to fly out the door. Hope you feel better. Yeah, well
One of these days. Okay. I have QAM allergies. What it is? Well, you're gonna be here till you're a hundred
That's it
Yeah, why don't why not renew you know why not keep renewing that deal why not it's a good deal but keep
Carrebel his job, yeah
All right. Okay, see you in Tulsa. Yeah, I'm gonna be delis for a song. Yeah, right on my way
Be sure and Friday to stop in shul see it say a little prayers here
The music stress on the previous programs are those of the host guests
I know
Oh
Rogers
I
I'm breaking up can you do this I want to stroke your legs and slip your track with my greasy nose
You've got your smokers clipped now I'm pulling up my thigh for the season
You dashed my hopes of memory bliss Here's well up in my eyes
Oh no, with their reason I'd like busse of the views
There's a way see in my trailer And then I find you no longer here
You've got a day high of life, busse of failure And over the hearts of all those forced queens
Oh no, with their spits and spits Now you're the winner
It's your toes I've walked in by now on behalf of all the stories
Back to life's for more radio, movie goes like this
Now only Shaps comes we can do
Rack, rack, rack, rack, rack, rack, rack, rack, down
10-0-2-5-60 WQ I'm happy you win's day for 26 Marlins look to make it 5-14 today
See I told you yesterday 5-13 you laughing no I did not I just corrected you I was just always just gonna head of my soul
There you go not that the one side of though was only 3-1 yesterday am I correct about that I didn't see any of it but yeah you were but they only found that score
And today could be 5-14 who picked yesterday
Doctor you know that he's so in other words see when they lose when Don trail pitches that's like a double win
That's when you know that's when you know the things are looking really grim because those are the games just post a win
You're like one out every 5, we still one out of 5 is it very good?
How can I get you to 4?
One out of 5 do the math on that is about 34 wins they'll do a little better than that not much but a little bit
They're 5-13 man
But they're gonna play the cops that really feel today and I'm sure the cops are looking their chops
Marlins on deck at 145 we got to hear 50 minutes early none too soon but how long could it be like a 11-45 would be good huh?
I like that idea of going by central time
Yeah that's right as a matter of fact it's 11 I know what do you mean by that?
Well we'll get out of here at 12-15 doing the central time starting when it gets to be that time
Right
So the game is at 120 instead of 220 well it isn't 120 but that's your cargo time always likes your cargo a lot
Well you know that story we had yesterday about the standing rule he seats on a plane
Yeah I had to wear the strap people of the wall or something like that which is ridiculous yeah
Well Airbus called it that's exactly the word they used
The York Times reported that Airbus has quietly pitched the standing rule only option to Asian carriers
Though none of you had agreed to it but a spokesman for Airbus thought he didn't have the report yesterday going so far as to call it crap
How do you like that? I wonder if Joyce heard that huh? He called it crap Joyce how do you like that honey?
Crap
Our passengers and customers want more and more comforts at Barbara Kraft a spokeswoman for the European aircraft maker
We're going the direction of more comfort not in that direction in other words not strapping people up to the wall
Although I think some of the people I've seen on planes ought to be strapped to the wall
The paper quoting experts who had said and seen a proposal reported that if the standing room option is used
passengers would be propped against a padded backboard held in place with a harness and whipped heavily by Brad Kramer
Tacola's seat would be misleading Volker Melody a physics professor at Oldenburg University in Germany told the paper
Melody's them research on an airline seat cupboard and seen the design according to the Times report he could be reached by for comment
The paper said that the use of standing room would allow the new A380 double-decker eject that air buses in the process of introducing to hold up to 853 passengers
Compared to 500 if they were given traditional seats that they said it's a bunch of crap
Can you imagine 853 people on a plane all the diseases you can catch on that baby? Yeah
As it is now just in the bad air the lack of circulation of the craft beer on planes
You're probably going to have a scratchy throw in a cold to flew all of these
All of these
All of these
Melodies before 853
Wait a minute, probably
Doesn't that mean that 300 people would be strapped?
Standing strapped now
Probably they couldn't afford first class if they were a little strapped for cash
At any rate, I'm definitely not going to be talking for four hours or even three hours and 45 minutes
Storage had some nerve, didn't I predict yesterday you would call them sick today?
Yeah, you did
I knew he was working up to that right at the time
And I haven't been sick in about three years anyway
Have missed a single day sick and I think about three years
I don't know about that but yeah, you know, it's been a long time
Yes, I have many sick days coming
Somebody QA I'm sick line, hello
You know, how you doing, Belly?
Okay
I was trying to call yesterday to tell you about high definition DVDs
And the high definition DVD player there or any other
I thought it was going to end that bad
Oh, brother
There are about 450 bucks for when she's buying
I think there's no object to a big shooter like me, I can win that in half an hour wood buying today
I know, I know, I know
So, well wait a minute, you got one?
No, no, no, it's too pricey yet, I'm going to wear it for you
That's a full tank of gas
Correct, no, no, no, no
Thanks for the info, pal
So they're out, you can go with the best buy or worth buy or any of those joints
Would you be picking one up today?
Tomorrow
No, not today, today I've got to go win the money to go buy one
That's right
Maybe I'll win 450, then I've got to win enough money to buy the HD DVDs
And I can probably buy all of them that are going to be out
I don't think I haven't seen any of them
I'm not really so sure that those are really in the stores yet
The actual HD DVDs
Yes, so what a scam, so now you've got to rebuy all your DVDs
Oh yeah, everything that I got, you've got to see how many I got
I've got billions of DVDs as you know
Yeah, and I'm going to go out like you said and rebuy all new ones
Well, I don't think so
Only the movies I really like
Trying to think of which one I would really want to have an HD, you know
Like there was one I think called the swimmer
Well, I don't want to go into that
Well, you see all the definition there
Here's the pull result from yesterday
And we're either going to take a lot of calls or I'm going to play a heavy duty triple shot Wednesday
Remember we used to do that thing?
I don't think you were on the show
Oh yeah, all bit Wednesdays?
Come on now
Not all bit Wednesdays, the one to two hours
Are we never did all day?
That's right, he's going to have to get out of here, boy
Although now that you mentioned it, what an idea
Yeah
Sorry, and welcome to our new program director, Josh Cortes
We already got the same first name
And that other one, oh bro
Is he still there?
Or is he out of here?
Oh yeah, he was here
See, he's doing you and most of you
He piled on the Howe's breakfast order this morning
He piled on
George wasn't here, so he figured he'd be there
Would be the first time
We asked yesterday what country represents the world's greatest threat today?
If I sound like, we were like, you know, much more today
It's going to get my, what are these?
I'm going to say, surits, a through the thing away
What are they?
I don't know, I got my halls
I heard it is my super-call, I'm sorry
I haven't had these in years, I remember the original yellow ones?
Probably not
Before you were born
We'll still make those
I've always been a halls guy
Yeah, but I can't eat those, you want to know why?
Why?
I like those too, because the vapors get, you open up your sign,
it's everything, I like those a lot
Yeah, that's right, it's a good one
And it pays better in this crap
But the regular halls are loaded with sugar
Well, these are sugar free
And they, well, you wait a minute
Okay
And you eat them like candy
So if you have diabetes like, I do your blood sugar with skyrocketing
These are supposed to be sugar free by notice last night
And these also have a negative impact
They send your blood sugar up a little bit
And they also have like, sorbitol, but it's the last ingredient
So I'm thinking I'm just going to squeeze my cheeks real tight till 145
Sure you'll have to
And the halls, sugar free,
Sands, sucrose
Those have lots of sorbitol
Or maltitol, or all of these things
All of these things, I mentioned that yesterday
Well, then I'll be squeezing my cheeks
That I felt little, no, I don't think you have that irritable bowel situation
Like some of those old farts, but man, oh man
I had a whole pack of those, just like a work candy, you know?
Yeah
And I got home just in the nick of time, man
It was one of those deals where you walked in the door and you ran
You didn't walk, you walked in your door
Probably I think I even left the key in the door
Ran to the magic room
I mean, made a bee line
Wow, I was in there a lot
Let's put it that way, I want to get too graphic
And get Joyce all bent out of shape with all that ex-cutory activity discussion
That's a lot, ex-creating a lot
So the halls is, it leaves me, I have no choices there
To the same, well I'm sorry
Well, not half as sorry as I am, because these taste like crap
Is that right?
Oh, yeah, they're very, they're like medicinal tasting
You know, even the cherry ones that I got here now
Which you think cherry would be, you know, it's not a bad flavor
Right
But not good
What country represents the world's greatest threat today?
We had 1788 votes, quite a few as a matter of fact
Let's see, what are we going to do, are we going to do our thousand today?
We might, because I didn't put this on until late last night I forgot about it
Yeah, we'll get this without over
Are we 530? We got so far, 500 and...
530, man
530 on today's
I got tomorrow's all set, I already got it over there to Eric
So I don't want to tell you what it is yet
What country represents the world's greatest threat today?
USA, 780, man
44% of you said USA
USA, USA, right?
And by the way, Tony Snow is the new press secretary like that's a bulletin
Fox News, I'm surprised you didn't make it, what's his name? Bill O'Reilly
Or Sean Hannity
He could just do revolving Fox News anchors
Or Britt Hume, there's another right wing jackass
Iran 285, China 258, North Korea 181
Saudi Arabia 104, that should be much higher in fact as you're filling up your gas tank
Curse the Saudis, do you know how much gas is in Venezuela?
No, I don't
12 cents a gallon
Is that right?
That is correct
12 cents a gallon of Venezuela
People are taking good care of his own people, I have to head down there
Head to a Caracas
I hate this, 456
Israel 41
Canada 38, definitely a great threat, we got a lot of nukes
We got Steven Harper, he's pretty much a threat
Wouldn't let them take photographs of the ceremonies with the four soldiers
They just brought the bodies back from Afghanistan over the weekend
Picking a page out of the George Bush songbook
So they got a right wing extremist here too, so maybe Canada will become dangerous
38
Probably all that pot and L1 fags
Iraq 25, Pakistan 16, and India only four
I think India is a lot more dangerous than you realize they're taking all those jobs
That's where they're outsourcing all the jobs, when you get those pan and the S phone calls, those solicitation calls
A lot of those are coming from India, did you know that?
We'll screw them
Exactly, screw them, are you first?
If you can get by that curry smell
Some of the people from India are very beautiful looking but when you get closer
Ooh, man, I think I'll go find somebody else to, a carouse with
No, they're not all the Indian people have curry smell, I can't believe you said that
What?
You've never even met any people from India, I bet
Maybe once, have you?
I can't remember, but...
No, you never met any people, we don't have any Indian people in South Florida
Very few we have Indians, but that's American Indians
Who are busy with them phony gambling deals and all those cancer sticks getting even with a white man
I still can't believe people, people keep proud to explain the way those machines work at the Indians
I just, what are you people thinking about?
I mean, you're all whipped up because your friend put in one coin and got ten grand or something
Which is like, I still can't run on, yeah, I told you when they have the real slot machines I'll go play for like 20 minutes
Well, what do you got to go to the Indian?
Oh, I forgot to ask Hank again, don't let me forget tomorrow, George, I'm sure George will be out all week
What do you laugh about?
What do you laugh about?
I want to know when those slots are coming in so I can plan my next trip down there
I'm not coming down there unless I can go loose a money
I wouldn't believe a word Neil said if the tongue was not right
Food hole radio 560 WQAF presents
Two broad cats dying of the road, healthy and winning
The other day of the sunny is selfie
Coming to me on a Saturday night and another than that prince of pipe
Winning my town
I know these six-six-looks
Wow, that was a lot of fun
That was a lot of fun
That was a lot of fun
That was a lot of fun
Yeah, I got one for the top of me
Because it's a classic animation
I was a skilled, good thing I'm big and poor
How did you get out of this?
Well, the coin was a coin manager
You can see it on Neil's look, watch it
Oh, Neil, Neil, Neil, Neil, Neil, Neil
Wow, you are making fun
Yeah, but I'm bigger and stronger than you
I watch hours, my daddy loves it baby
What did you ask?
You ain't got nothing on me, child
I thought it was always bad
Yeah, he was
Anyway, here's the schedule
We got Marlon's on deck coming up 145
And then the Marlon's had the covers 220
After the ball game, we got Gelly for hours and hours
And hours till 10 o'clock tonight
What do I tell you?
This seems to be the new QM format
Based on the fact that his blur friends
Are making out the schedule every day
I could be just, you know, imagining that
But that was what it looks like to me
We got Gelly up the butt
Yeah, till 10 o'clock 80k at the 10
Which I'm sure the audience will be long gone by then
574 votes on today's full
What fest describes most of South Florida residents
And this is good for, you know, the people listen to this show
Because they get a real good cross section of South Florida by listening
Yeah
Brain dead, that is the correct answer
195, beating all the others hands down your pants
Speaking of hands down your pants
I just started sucking on these super pulls again
Is that right?
And I dropped it
Well, in other words, I was like doing too many things at once
And slipped out of my mouth and right down into my boxer shorts
Talk about candy in the crevice, but at any rate, I recovered it
Brain dead, 195, illegal's 98, average 75
Well, what a compliment that is, average my ass
In saying 58, rejects 52
Losers 35, I see a lot of similarity between those two
Ostridge's 33, where their head's very rough, it's a good thing
When you got a lot of sand like we do in Florida
Have your head very deep in it, 33
And find Americans only 28, thank you, Ocho
Only 28, find Americans in the rest, brain dead
So what do you expect me to do about it, huh?
Am I going to like wave of magic wine and make miracles or something?
I can't do it
Can't do it, Pally, as a matter of fact, here's living proof
Here's line 9, QAM
Prowl
Oh, man, he's moving it around today, nice going there
Nice glasses, by the way
Did you ever see him?
That's right, you said you've seen him at the Marlon games
Gilbert
Oh, yeah, you've seen it
I have, sorry to say
I got this for a manly, the press I've last used today, it's always good to have a spare pair with the Coke bottle
You know, cut the bottle out of the Coke bottle
Couple of them
Dolphins running back, wiki Williams lost his appeal of a fourth violation of the NFL substance abuse policy
Will be suspended for one year
A source told a hero last night that's bad news for the dolphins and bad news for our youth
You don't make that deal with sunny
Williams was informed by the NFL yesterday he had appealed the violation and they said
Go smoke a big fat one baby, you're out
You're out, Tom
I'm disappointed with the decision by respect that Williams had this statement released by the dolphins
I'm proud of my association with the NFL and look forward to returning to the dolphins in 2007
Oh, yeah
Right, he's got a lifetime contract like Boyd Gary did at IOD
Like they want me to have a QAM
Now what did I see? Read your comments, look at this
I'm starting to believe the NFL is looking for marijuana over like hard stuff. This is getting ridiculous
This is not over, let's take it to the streets
Ricky does not de-oddy-oddy
I'm looking at the comments on these story in a hero
Let's have a Ricky below it. Okay, no Ricky Tiki in the streets nothing gonna change it. He's out
Okay, he is out although I would say that the loss of Adam Finatured to the Patriots is much more devastating
Than the loss of Ricky Williams to the dolphins they weren't going anywhere anyhow
Well now without Ricky they can't win that Super Bowl
That's right. They were right on the verge of that Super Bowl. We're smelling it. Can't you smell it?
We're talking Super Bowl because it's the oh, yeah
I've been here in that year after year after year there's a bowl all right
There's a stable that a lot of other teams are right there at the toilet bowl puking their guts out
Speaking of nice game by a Tampa last night by the way it's Ottawa losing eight to four right there in Tampa nice job
5 6 7 8 now either we're gonna take a whole lot of calls because I do have somewhat of a pile here
Including Molly Ivan. She's got a group column
That column about the ten word the ten word corporations and Americans very very long
It's on our website and if you think I'm reading that you're dreaming even if I have my voice I wouldn't be dreaming
Doing that BP Delphi ex-an mobile dupe on Ford Halibut and KPMG Roche Suez and WR Grace those are the ten worst corporations the article was on 8 million words
So read it in the week
Ex-an mobile I think we got a boycott them as a matter of fact
Beville Texas. I don't you love that name beville be via LLE beville probably home to killer bees
Texans don't like to be messed with especially in this rugged South Texas County not far from some of the states major independence battlefields
So it was only a matter of time before be County judge Jimmy Martinez said somebody had to stand up to tackle a national epidemic
Strecking at the heart and pockets of local residents rising gas prices. Oh my god. This week be counting became the first in the state possibly in the country
To pass a resolution asking motorways to boycott fuel pumps beginning next Monday
Just just boycott them don't buy gas just stay home or walk a lot it's good for you
Hop on a bicycle get you one of them mopeds. I'll just start walking to work
You can get one of them one of those we talked about in a couple of weeks ago the things the kids have now they choose with the what do they call them?
Oh they call them what the hell with the name?
They got those little roly things yeah rolling papers
County elected a police and what are the healy's?
That's right Glen Healy and Mary Healy and Peter O'Rill and Hayes the American people are tired Martinez said what we did was simply
Take action instead of complaining we're offering a residence of beacon of hope. Yeah, hope rhymes with dope.
Idiot. The meeting annual income here is about two thirds of the state average of almost 40 grand many can't even afford to travel nearby hospitals for treatment.
There are a bunch of sluppers there and they're going to pay this three bucks a gallon for gas no way.
So if you want to protest head for make a b-line for b-vill Texas and join the crowd join a big protest that guy to call yesterday the other guy that called was was correct
That's all over the internet now that's the new scheme boy context on mobile and what was the other one there was one other one?
Okay, and that's going to drive the gas prices down right right?
Get all this crap on the internet you know the internet's very fascinating very interesting but it's loaded with crap you know let's say
here by said loaded with crap
591 I think you're right I think we got a very positive chance
592 look at the way they're coming in here I can't even keep up with it we got that thousand within our sites
593 see instead of doing a break I'm just going to keep refreshing it and as long as it's not see stuck at 593
This is meal right you can go ahead and get the ball game this is 560 chees
So beautiful congratulations get alive
You prefer a mini girl or step on to that line
I ain't got everything they ain't got things they can't be the insane a winning team
For the first one house
Reveal the rules
You didn't go as far as slow so you got to go
Dream of the good old days on your rocking chair like a mass of meaningless flesh
Well that's the Pope there with us dishonor sunglasses and his nice red shoes he's a real fashion plate this to not see Pope
The Pope with the designer on CNN about the Pope being a fashion plate seen wearing designer sunglasses
People are dying innocent people by the thousands and don't worry about the Pope when they're what kind of glass sunglasses
You are crazy is what you are but nevertheless 617 of votes on the pool I think you're right
I think we got that thousand like even with the early exit today you know like about 1045 that's right
Okay I was going to take this never fails any day when you feel like death warmed over and where we're going to hell with the phone action here
Even the crazy people are on there yet
567 huh not yet 560560.560 the Verizon singular wireless lines need a lot of calls today man between now we got the three hours to kill
Three hours and twelve minutes for whose counting until that big moral and pregame show any interest in that by the way
No, no, is that game going to be on TV? I don't know
A lot of times when we have these I really don't know and we don't care to be honest with it I wouldn't want to be paid me by the pitch
But I'm sure we're going to have a tremendous tune in audience for those five and thirteen marlins man they ought to be paying us to carry those games
That that's the part of this whole deal. Let's pathetic instead of paying losing all that losing zillions of dollars on the marlins
Is it they ought to be paying us by the inning to carry that crap?
David I hate to break the news to you nobody cares about your marlins nobody cares and then of course you know
Then they hype it up they give away some stupid as ballad had doll and I'm like see that's the one thing about South Florida
Even if it's an event they don't care about like a hockey game they'll all show up if they're given something away free bunch of snores
I should have put that on the pool to where you couldn't spell it. It's all about the giveaway. That's right. That is absolutely correct. What can we get for free?
Even though even though we're going to put it in the drawer somewhere in a broom closet never look at it again. Oh what can we have for free?
Might be worth something someday, but don't bet on it. Come in to QAN. Hello. Not even there a line one QAN. Hello.
See now when I said chronic I wouldn't I wouldn't talk about desperate we're not we're not that would never be that desperate.
Is he prophetic or what is there any word to describe beyond? Yeah what a million miles beyond it. I'm the chamba guy.
I have no life. That's a translation of that. WQAM. Hello. Here come the intellectual coals I can smell it. QAN.
Thank you. I'll just want to say thank you for all these years of entertainment. I want nothing free. Don't let go of it. Thank you.
Okay you're welcome. Now there is a call in it. Is that a call? Is that a guy with a thought in his mind? That's why brain dead is winning our pool today and believe you me. That's what I voted for.
When I created that pool I said to myself that this doesn't win and these people are I'm dying in your lion or is it the other way around? Full of it. Brain dead.
I know I would have also pulled other choice on there that would have been the perfect choice. But I don't know how to spell it. It's called. I like that. I don't know how you spell out. Yeah. Yeah. WQAM. Hello. QAM.
Neil how are you doing today? Okay sir. You too George. George ain't there. I'm not there. No George. Hi Josh. I just check your website. You know if you read that thing about the corporations I could take your ed to the Marlins game.
Yeah that's true if I had to say if I had more voice I got it in my pile here. It's about 800 pages. I know I'm packing my bags. I'm heading to San Diego for a few days. Good choice. Give that all out of that. Right. But on force I have to come back to sell for.
Well we can I can dream someday my dream. We go back to Connecticut now. Connecticut. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know what I think. I don't think too much of it. I've been there. I'm not too crazy.
They only do the only good thing about Connecticut. It's close to New York and I don't really want to go to New York. Whenever I go back to New York. Connecticut or anywhere in New England I always feel like I'm home. Yeah. Well I want to go to Connecticut. It's close to Boston. Yeah I love Boston. Nothing wrong with Boston. Okay well listen have a safe trip. I'm in the old take care. Say how do they pop raise out there. Oh the road tool. Never been to San Diego. Everybody raves about the weather there but they say I don't know. Something like they're always fearing a naval attack. Lot of semen. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound. A lot of right wingers there too.
It's not that far from. It's you know when you get south of LA it gets more and more right wing. Now let me ask you about Boston. You've been there obviously. I live there. Oh wow. Now great city. Oh yeah. Yeah okay. Because I've heard mixed things. I've heard people that love it and then I've heard people that say well if you don't go to a Red Sox game there's nothing to do. Oh give me a break. I will say this. It's pretty that whole business about banded Boston. I don't even know if they have any like even one strip club open anymore. They pretty much they've gone from one extreme.
I mean to the other they used to have an area which is part of Chinatown called the combat zone right where they had all the porno and they had like all the strip clubs and all the perversion and stuff and then of course just like. Julie ended in New York they sanitize and close everything down. And so now Chinatown is I don't know what it is. I've been there quite a while. I mean once they close the porno down what do I want to go there for. But that's still a great food. Great people. A lot of young people because there's all the colleges and universities and all kinds of crap there. It's it's okay. If you can't find something like that.
Something or somebody to do in Boston man you got really need help. You need assistance. It's fine. I mean it's not Miami but then again what is. WQA and hello. Good morning. Yes sir when was this that you played with Lenny and Goldie. Yeah I actually heard that show when they got on the air because the power went out. I was pretty damn funny pretty damn funny. Just one thing in order and request that George. Yeah.
George is out and you play fly on the wall. Fly on the line. I don't even know what that is. Uh George at home with his wife. Fly on the wall. I don't know. Fly on the wall. All right. Second. You got it. We got it. I'm gonna get presents. Lie on the wall. I was there going to be something filthy in this or not. I never played this. I don't know but my hand on the button. Uh. Broving looked into the private lives of our on air personality. This.
Diamond power hidden microphones were placed in the home of George Rodney. George. George. George. George. Yes dear. You better hurry. You're gonna be late. Yes dear. You got it. You ready for work. Here. Do you have to have the baby. I'm having that baby. Whether you like it.
Yes dear. And I don't want to. You. You. You. I'm ready. I'm showing you. Yes dear. You. Yes dear. Yes dear. Now. Yes dear. Come back. Yes dear. You. Come here. Yes dear. Get over there.
Yes dear. Come here. Yes dear. Get over there. Yes dear. Come here. Yes dear. Get over there. Yes dear.
Come here. Yes dear. Come here. Yes dear. Come here. Yes dear. Get over there. Yes dear. Come here. Yes dear. Come here. Yes dear.
And here I always thought they had a dog. This is Neil Rogers. This is by 1628.
I hear the voices. I listen to all voices. Oh my Jesus here. If you killed all the homo yet we need their soul. Right?
There won't be any words left when you get back in. I made you move to the side. I'm the designer.
I rock was like good. Don Rumpfill is doing a fine job. And I like the idea of blowing up lost.
Yeah. That's the city of Sid anyway. Let me know how everyone goes there.
Then, where's the Virgin Mary? We'll bring more of that with some wiring. She makes great sandwiches.
That's because she uses real healthy play today. Not the time. I hear voices.
Voice is voice is voice. Is that you? There's no way as to answer.
The night rules look like a dog today. I will be gone to the side. I'm the designer.
Voice is voice. Voice is voice. Voice is voice.
Don't put the mayonnaise on your roast beef sandwich. Okay. You're on your corn be for pastrami sandwich.
It's strictly for glam. 1044 or 16 before. I'm going to forget this Saturday. Big day on QAM, man.
Even I'm getting even as bad as I feel. I'm getting all whipped up about this. Do you believe it?
Yeah. I'm sure you're worried about it. Whether this pay treats you're going to take. No.
Saturday is QAM's NFL draft party with Jim Maddog. Jim, we like a little bit of a liability.
Joe Zagaki. And the big O. Rock solid. All these people for your draft day coverage man were really
pumped it out for you. Join them at who does in Pembroke Pines for the QAM NFL draft party. This Saturday is starting
today and presented by Heineken. You're not going to be playing it. Heineken. I won't have that drop in here.
I don't know if it's in mine or not. In fact, I'm amazed that I don't know where the hell that
Dan Thin came from, that George bit. I never played that before. Well, that's from the movie Blue Velvet.
No, I don't mean that, but I mean where it came from in my DCS. I've never played that before.
I definitely don't have that. Heineken. Where does he get some of this crap? How come he's got all
the good stuff and I got like he's like that. Yeah, like how about all those old drops he was
other. He got a whole bunch of those. When he gets back with his ass in the shape now that you got
that new deal. Guys, Cordis, by the way, is the new assistant program director, which means in
about six months, he'll be the general manager. Could only be an improvement. Molly Iven's rights pro
Israel nut jobs on the attack. I like Molly Iven's. What do they consistent to form at these
in American policy? The bait has been challenged by a couple of professors and the reaction proves
their points so neatly that it's almost funny. We hit a series of stories on these guys.
A working paper by John Meersheimer, professor of political science at the University of Chicago,
would Steven Walt, professor of international affairs at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard,
calls the Israel lobby. The call of the Israel lobby was print that was the name of the paper,
was printed in the London Review of books earlier this month. It all held broke loose and the more
excitable reaches of journalism and academia. For having the sheer affordability to point out
the painfully obvious that there isn't Israel lobby in the US, Meersheimer and Walt have been
accused of being anti-Semitic, nutty and guilty of cookie academic work. Alan Dushiewicz,
who seems to be easily upset, would totally ballistic over the mild academic,
not just pretty born article by Meersheimer and Walt, calling him liars and bigots.
Of course, there isn't Israeli lobby in America. It's leading a working group,
which is called the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, APEC,
it calls itself America's pro-Israel lobby, and attempts to influence US legislation and policy.
Several national Jewish organizations lobby from time to time, big deal. Why is anybody
pretending this non-news requires falling on the floor and howling? Because of this weird
deformity of debate. In the US, we don't have full-thruthed, full-throttle debate about Israel.
In Israel, they have it as a matter of course, but the truth is that the accusation of anti-Semitism
is far too often raised in this country against anyone who criticizes the government of Israel.
Being pro-Israel is no defense as I learned a long time ago to my cost. Now I've gotten used to it.
Jews who criticizes Israel are charming, relabeled, self-hating Jews. As I've often pointed out,
that must mean there are a lot of self-hating Israelis because those folks raise hell over their
own government's policies all the time. I don't know that I ever felt intimidated by the
need-jerk-year-antistimic charge level that anyone who criticizes Israel, but I do know I've
certainly heard it often enough to become really tired of it. And I wonder if that doesn't produce
the same result, giving up on the discussion. It's the sheer disproportionate of the vehement
of the denunciations of those perceived as criticizing Israel that make the attack so odious.
Mirishammer and Walter both widely respect the political scientists, comparing their writing to
the protocols of the elders of Zion as just silly. Several critics have pointed out some flaws in
the Mirishammer wallpaper, including the two broad use of the term Israel-Lavi, those of us who are
pro-Israel different widely, and having perhaps overemphasized the quality of the Israel-Lavi by ignoring
the energy lobby. It seems to me that the root of the difficulties, but Israel's inability first
to admit the Palestinians have been treated unfairly, and second to figure out what to do about it.
Now here goes a big-fac' generalization, but I think many Jews are so accustomed by reality,
the thinking of themselves as victims, it's especially difficult for them to admit they've
victimized anybody else. But the Mirishammer wallpaper isn't about the basic conflict, but rather
it's effect on American foreign policy, and it appears to me the author's arguments are on
exceptional. Israel is the number one recipient of American foreign aid, and it seems an easy
case can be made that the U.S. has subjugated its own interest of those of Israel in the past.
Whether you agree or not, it's a discussion of what worth having, and one that shouldn't be
shut down before it can start by unfair accusations of anti-Semitism. In a very equal sense,
none of this is academic, the Israel-Lavi was overwhelmingly in favor of starting to war with the
racquetes now among leading hawks on Iran. To the extent that our interests do differ from those
of Israel, the matter needs to be discussed calmly and fairly. This isn't about conspiracies or
plots or fantasies of anti-Semitism, it's about rational discussion over American interest,
and in my case being pro-Israel, I'm looking forward to hearing from all you nut jobs again,
she says, I'm sure she will. Just like every now and then, while you're a self-hating Jew,
whatever you say, go to Israel, we'll pack you a salami sandwich, had he like that, with mayonnaise on it.
662 votes, Josh was right, you called it, we're going to hit that thousand easy today,
it's probably because George is homesick. I'm homesick. See, that's a one good thing about doing the
show here is I can be homesick and still do the show. You trooper you, yeah, what a piece of crap.
As soon as I walked in here this morning, I saw the view was pumping, I said to myself,
that little sprick, I didn't I call it yesterday, you called it, I can always tell when he's like,
ah gee, you know, what I was a kid, I used to do that, you know, I lay in bed in the morning if I
don't want to go to school, I'm all moning and groaning when I was dying, you know, of course,
my mother being a real fool, take the thermometer, put it on the light bulb for a little bit,
oh no, once in a while she put it back down, yeah, and then I got right up Miranda School.
What best describes most of the South Florida residents, 665, I mean if I refresher, we got maybe
666, wouldn't that be something? Let me just refresh real fast. So, 667 we hopped over it.
Brained dead, 231, although we haven't some very good intellectual calls so far,
illegal 106 average, just come see, come saw, menza, menza, 86, insane 69, reject 61,
losers 42, ostriches 40, and fine Americans only 32. And people are going to say we didn't put
very many positive choices on air, well, what did I leave out? Huh? I think it's pretty accurate.
Yeah, I think average would be like a high compliment and that's sitting in third place right now,
average would be like really, really a reach. WQA and hello. Good morning Neil.
Yes sir. Two things, first off, I got religion, I don't need to watch fair and I have not
11 because I learned all I need to know with loose change part two off of your site. Okay.
There's a crap going on in here. And there's a lot of crap. That's what they said to air bus,
man. It's all a bunch of crap, right? Exactly, and that's what Lexington crap because it gets
yourself set. All right, and then closing, if you're taking suggestions for the poll, what about A-hole?
Oh yeah, that I like that. Let's get that right on there. All right. Thanks, Palli. I can't
say it, but we can sure put it on the, we put a lot of things on our poll that we can't say. We have
like dance around it like he just said it, but just spell it right out. You know, don't put just A,
you know. Don't worry. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if that Dennis Lurison comes up sometime
on the show today. Well, you talk about having a busy affair. Oh, there it is.
Yeah, what do we have that's called? I think it's called A-hole. Yeah, folks.
Yeah, well, it's as much as you're hearing. Fiesick, what? And to think that we used to play that
on here all the time. Remember, he holds on parade? I wonder if I could play like just a little
time he touched that too here. Yeah, get Joyce all of it. Oh, yeah, here we go.
I forget exactly how this goes. Well, it's in there somewhere. All right.
And if that doesn't get him all whipped up, I got a way to do it. If that doesn't wake up
these bastards in the back room, they say I love his tap. So while I'm not feeling all that great
today, in the back, that's a good way to get the rest of the week off, I think. Five, six, seven,
oh, five, 60. Oh, it's just so silly. The whole thing is just silly isn't really the correct word.
It's pathetic is what it is. Just absolutely pathetic. And so a guy comes in here yesterday,
Claire Bell. You know, I mean, I have no support. None. Absolutely none. It's always the same excuse
from him. You know, oh, gee, we're so scared. Yeah, we know you're scared. I still say the
best thing they could do is redo that billboard campaign, even though Donna Shalili might get all
bet out of shape again. And instead of the original one, just say, QA and we have no balls.
And that might pacify her as opposed to say we have balls. I mean, what kind of a silly old
dyke gets upset because of a billboard campaign that says WQM, we've got balls. Every sports
station in North America, including the fan here in Toronto, they have for a long time now,
they've had that campaign because the fan, whatever it is on the dial, we've got balls. Big deal.
You know, well, people don't get offended is easily in Canada. Is that what it is? That's what it
is. Maybe that's because Canada is such a tremendous threat. I've got Stephen Harper in there.
Boy, they're going to ruin the day, man. They're already ruining it. WQM, hello.
There we go. Just keep trying, man. Let's see if you do it like a hundred times. We'll look at
them. No, no. But you just keep, you keep busy. It'll keep your office streets. Keep you out of
invading your neighbor's house. Somebody QA and hello. Hello. How are you? I'm good. Good.
I'm got a question. Why is Tony Snow committing career suicide by going to be a spokesman for probably
what he was doing by that? He's not doing anything different. He's being a mouthpiece for a
bush, which he's been doing on Fox for years now. Anyway, so they're just calling it something
different. Yeah, but does he realize that Bush is probably going to go down the
one of the worst presidents ever? Yeah. Is he going to kill his career? No, it doesn't
mean it because no, it won't because once Bush gets impeached to whatever's going to happen,
he'll wind up going back to Fox News and they'll gladly welcome back with open arms and legs
and put him on the air again. Boy, when you're right, when if it had a kid, no shortage of places,
I know to see an end is putting Glenn Beck on the air now on a weekend. Every right wing
nut job that's been on radio or TV all of a sudden is on the air talking head that works now.
In fact, there's a promo right now. They've used headline news May 7th and 8th. Glenn Beck.
See what I'm saying? And we got what's his name? MSNBC. What's his name? What is his name?
Ken Olbera. Keith Olbera. Yes, Keith Olbera. And that's it. That's it. That's one.
You got any menial labor jobs up there in Canada that I can come up and take?
Oh, yeah. Come on up and club some baby seals to death. 5670560.
Palm 560 on a Verizon in the singular wireless line. See, the reason they do that is they don't want
to appear to be too civilized. All Carl Rove meeting with attorneys on his role in his CIA leak
matter. Oh, look at that. There's that roving maniac. I'm going to say it again. All the stuff that's
going on and you're paying like in this summer, maybe close to four bucks, maybe open for over four
bucks a gallon for gas. I wouldn't be the American public is getting raped and pillaged and
looted. People are innocent. People are dying. We've got like mayhem and lunacy. Every couple of
days we get a new videotape from some of one of the master terrorists or an audio tape. And in the
meantime, it's like, Hey, how's that American idol coming? How's Simon Cowell feel this week about
that is idiot? Yeah, that's tough. I always cliches, man. See, in the world we live in,
life is a cliche. It'll like after the Holocaust. Never again. There's all these people in Africa and
Darfur and other places. Zidians of them dying like crazy. And now finally, by the way,
finally, the Pope the other day, they're going to they're commissioning a study to see maybe
possibly by allowing the use of condoms as a way to prevent the spread of AIDS, especially in Africa.
The greatest cause of misery and suffering and death in the world today, the Catholic Church is
fine. They finally got around to apologizing to get a Leo and they're finally saying, oh yeah,
maybe condoms are okay, but only for the priest. This is Neil Rogers. This is 560 QA.
Father, you're helping all the boy on a Catholic note. In the 50s, Robert Young made people laugh
and father knows best. Now this great series is back, starring a few Catholic priests who like it
young. In the return of father knows best. Step into the confessional Billy. I don't know, father,
this makes to 47th time I've been in there this week. Oh Billy, you want to be a good Catholic, don't you?
Yeah, but does everybody get a spanking? Father knows best. It's the Vatican's best kept secret,
and you've got a private seat for all the fun. Just enter the rectory from the rear.
All right, Billy boy. It's time for your flute lesson. But father, your flute has only one hole,
and it doesn't make any noise. Oh, it will, Billy. It will.
Father knows best. Once you've seen this new sitcom, you'll wonder why you've never heard about it.
Let me introduce you to St Peter. Father knows best. Going to church may not seem very entertaining,
but there really is something funny going on here. There sure is. It's a real panic. It's a life
right. 703 votes on a pool. How do you like that, boys and girls? That's not too bad for 11 o'clockish.
How about it all? 703. What best describes most of the South Florida residents?
Brain dead, 239. Illegals, 109. Oh, you guys talking about Illegals are real schmitty.
I just love her. She was real idiot. Average 91, insane 71.
Would have a lot of votes if I knew how to spell it. A reject 63. Ostriches 44, where the head's
very deep in the sand right there on the beach. Losers 42, fine Americans 35 and A-holes,
which just went on there. Has got... Yeah. Oh, there's one. There's a real one. If I ever heard one.
See, there's, I'm surprised we don't give him his own show. In fact, now that he's the assistant PD,
maybe he'll put his own name on his schedule. Yeah, be careful what you ask for. I'm telling you,
I mean, we've got all these other people who can't speak on here. Why not the grim grim?
Don't give him any ideas. Don't forget after he comes Marlon's game this afternoon,
which I'm sure you're going to want to be glued to your radio for that. Get out the superglue.
It's gildy for hours and hours and hours. See, that kneel, he keeps his knocking gildy. So,
we're going to put him on just to just to rub it in his nose. Hey, come on,
why don't you want to re-up for another 10-15 years? Not until you're a hundred.
Tell you a croak right on the air. I could do that today. Although my shoulders getting a lot
better. I think this is the flu, you know, the aches and the pains. Yeah. Without thank goodness,
though, there's a whole nasal and the congestion thing. That part to me is the most agitating.
It's not that it's just the annoying factor. Yeah, it's the most annoying and aggravating.
You can't breathe. You feel like you're in love. But here, my head is as clear as a bell.
Son of Shun, it's just absolutely beautiful. It's going to be around 60s today. Good day to go out
and punch your guts out. This strong mob, Brittany Spears, here's the important news. Okay,
forget about Iraq and forget about the price of gas and all all his crap, dead people,
pollution. Forget about all the minor things that are going on.
Now that we have the Ricky William story, see you'll see you'll see you'll down. That's right.
This strong mob, Brittany Spears, has fired her nanny. Brittany Spears, who of course had that
little cameo there in Fahrenheit 9-11, where she said, she believes we ought to do everything the
president says. He trust our president. Oh, God. Goes to show you that looking good, don't mean there's
anything between the ears. And of course, who really cares when it comes right down to it. Right?
Yeah. Good point. So now what between the ears that counts is what's between the,
oh, can't say that, Joyce, I'm sorry. Can't say legs. The single way of the decision to get rid
of the little LaShon Preston's keeper and the wake of the child falling from his high chair,
she's got some issues. You know what I mean? Mama Brittany. Yeah, she's driving the kid in the
friend holding the kid behind a steering wheel like like a dog, you know, that's why I used to do with
tiny. No, seriously, when I take him to the vet, you'd have to like hold it in and he would want
a steer that am a steering wheel. He wouldn't just sit in the passenger seat. No, no, you can't,
that hyper little little little dogs in case you haven't noticed are very hyper. Now my golden
retriever, he would like get in the back and he would just hang on my way to the vet, huh?
Oh, not in the vet. Yeah, he would get in the back and just plop himself up in there and that
would be it. No problem. But the little dog, that's a little dog's art. Good thing that he's
dead. Anyway, Brittany's been hiding out in depressants. Her son's head bonking incident and
canceled plans to celebrate her brother Brian's birthday. The magazine in touch weekly says,
well, that's one of my favorites. Touch it weekly. She wanted to be a mother in touch. She could
snap her fingers and be the perfect mom. A pal told the man. It's always a pal. If you notice that
all these articles like in the inquirer, a pal says, but Brittany is leaning the heart,
learning the hard way, the big, good mother is something to have to work on. And guess what?
She's reported to be pregnant again. She's, she's generally not wasting no time, is she?
Great. She'll have, she'll be driving with one on in the wheel, one on the passenger seat,
one on the wheel and one on the probably one on the roof. Brittany also reportedly hired a doctor
to advise her on how to keep her taught safe. Boy, she's a real mother. She had a higher
doctor to teach her how to like do a little mothering. The doctor advised you not to leave
pressed down any high surfaces where he could roll off. Like don't set him up on top of the refrigerator.
Which they also say Spirors was so impressed with the sage advice that he wanted to hire the doctor
full time. They told her that wasn't necessary. Maybe he could be the mother. But apparently,
childcare is putting additional pressure on her marriage to aspiring rapper,
Habe Kevin Feederline. The two got into a spat over whether to go to his hip hop show with
the Vegas Club Pure last week. Kevin wanted Brittany to stay out that night, but she refused.
She wanted to stay at the hotel with the baby because she fell on cover believing in with the manny
with Fran Drescher. So, Britt spent the night in the hotel room while Kevin partied.
That exciting, that kind of news that America is just dying for man,
there's tons of down there kneecaps for it. I was waiting for you to read that story.
Oh yeah. Brittany and her new baby. I bet you most people don't know that.
We got Ben Bedifur and we got Tom Kittycat and we got
the, how come they don't have a name for them? Do they? Kevin Feederline Spheres? Whatever that is.
No, and don't get the media any idea. Feeder Spheres? Yeah, they'll come up with one.
721 folks. My God, you almost think we had somebody listing out there. I can't imagine why.
Don't forget next Tuesday at 11.30 in the morning we're going to be saying cottage on QAM
for the going mouth there. That means that's why you had to purge, a Jewish prayer you say when
people die. Cottage? Yeah, cottage. Yisgadav, Yisgadasha, Meirabbo, Oyevee.
Because the ratings are going to be coming out Tuesday at 11.30 in the morning.
That'll be the final meal of the Kurt Rejim's coffin and move on to somebody else. Let them give it a shot.
5, 6, 7, come on, let's get that phone rolling again. I'm under the weather here today.
Although I don't sound it, do I? No, not really. That's the problem.
Well, I'm not, I'm not eating any more of these supercalls. I'll tell you that.
My blood sugar, I've just checked it. It's not good. Not good. These, and I think I'll
to sue them. Then I could get off of this damn scheme and just go plunge my guts all the time
to hell with this crap. Sue the Cepagol people. It says sugar free, sans sucra.
Everything here has to be labeled in vice-lingual English and French. You are aware of that.
Is that right? That's really annoying. Yeah, to pacify the frogs, you know.
Which there aren't any frogs here in this front up too many. Let me take a look at that
blood sugar and see if it's, I just took it again when waiting for this thing to percolate.
Oh, it's coming down a little bit. Now, what do you prick your finger right? Yeah.
It's like a, it's like, after you've been doing it for years, see, Hank is such a
whoosh man. You don't even feel it anymore. It's like a little Lancet. It's real, real sharp.
And you don't feel it at all. But some people are real. It's like people that don't want to go to
the dentist, you know, just did it again. It just feels like a prick. That's all.
Why? It says like real quick in the painless. Sure. Although you do have all these,
like the tips of your fingers, you've got like all these little things on them.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, but I'm 5, 60 in these Verizon's singular wireless line. Don't forget that big
grad party Saturday, man. How much everybody in town is making their plans right now? I'm sure.
They're on their way out there to the, where's it going to be? Hooters. Oh, hooters and pepper
pies. They're going to be on their way out there to see the mad dog. And just to pee all over them.
WCWAM, hello. It's chronic Wednesday. WCWAM, hello.
Any way any candidate? Oh, there he is. That's our daily call. All right. We go away like that.
He must be a Robert Creeper Jr. Okay. He must be a Hispanic Robert Creeper because he also
speaks for the same speech defect. Or maybe he always win him our days. WCWAM, hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. What do you think about Tony? What do I think about him? I think he's
out of the hands. Yeah, but a beep that a boop is right. Yeah, that's exactly what I think,
but a beep that a boop about Tony snow like it's a real bullet. And it's like like we hear those
press conferences on this stage. Every time they're announcing a sports thing like the Pat Riley
deal, we know two days in advance that he was going to be the coach again. And right away,
oh, well, we better carry that press conference all the time. They pull that crap like when
WCWAM, I can't remember that one. Oh, I got to forget. They were all over that like stink on
Joyce's man. Well, the best part is is, you know, they don't let you play any drops during the press
conference. Yeah, because that way, yeah, well, we certainly don't want to do that because that
would pollute the integrity of our of our sports establishment here on QA. And you know, we don't
want that old bag playing a bunch of nasty like like that in there or God forbid like any sound effects
while something important's going on. The exception of that was because we don't really care about
hockey, even though we have the Panther franchise. We just assumed you're rid of it. But I remember when
the military had that press conference where he announced he was firing BM and the TM and everybody
else. Remember that one? Not really. Well, they let me actually let me drop in some good stuff on
there just to piss them off that much more. Boy, those guys and the BM by the way, notice his team
one last time not doing the Jack Martin roll up the like an accordion to playoffs yet and die like
Jack Martin did in Ottawa every year. Of course, like I said the other day, Jack Martin doesn't have to
worry about his team choking into playoffs this year because the Panthers aren't in the playoffs. Just
like to make believe it's not in the playoffs. But that's going to be kind of a yearly thing. And
guess what we got in the mail yesterday again. Oh, a bill. We already paid the first installment plus
the playoff ticket money they wanted which aren't any playoffs which supposedly goes to her next year.
And now another thing for two or three grand they want for the next season. So it's like the 25th of
your brother Marty and all I can say to you is you're fair. That's a crap. Man, they just want
money and they want money. And I put in the product out there to like make the playoffs or really
put anything outstanding on it. Plus, New Indy can Roberts are going to be 90 next year. The two of
them. What are they going to do then? Joe, New Indy can. Joe, New Indy. Very good. Excellent. There's
Josh's thing is talking now. What about Roberts? What's Roberts first name? Bill Dave. Who's with the G?
Greg. No. Gary. Very excellent. Yeah. This man knows his hockey crap. That I do. Just as well as
anybody else and stuff. Well, see, that would be a good, I don't know what I should do a poll on
there. Just discuss it. What sports franchise least deserves to exist? Like, for example, Kansas City
Royals. For a Kansas City is such a nondescript place anyway. You know what? No, for baseball. I mean,
what do they want to give you four games? Although they're right on the right on the Marlins' ass.
Yeah, they are, but Marlins have no bid, even though the funny part of it is Marlins have won two
world championships and yet they really have no reason to resist. Yeah. I wouldn't know. Although
although I have a hundred times no reason to resist in the Panthers. Well, the devil raised for
baseball. Yes, absolutely correct. There's just no business for that. There is no business like
slow business and that's what they got real slow business. The Tampa Bay devil raised. They got
a devil over time winning in and they got a bunch of rednights over there on a West Coast who
made a big simmissive about the one and it changed the name of the team because devil raised
implies devil worship and you know, why don't we just put six six six on the back of
a very players uniform? That would be good. I like to see that. Wouldn't that be good? That would be
put it on there. A little arm band with six six six just to piss off all those get skis over there.
1113 a.k.a. it's the Marlin pregame show dry concepts for over 20 years has been doing a
fabulous job in my home and Indians of other South Floridians. They're the best
corporate cleaning company in the universe and they remind you now that springtime is here.
Cleaning your windows and doing a little bit of dusting here in their little spotty surface
cleaning may give the appearance that your home might be clean but until you clean all the dirt
and germs that'll deep down in your carpeting your furniture and your draper even in that bedding
it's really pretty schmootsie isn't it? Dry concepts is offering springtime specials right now to help
you with all your spring cleaning and their eyes don't waste just the phone call away. Don't
forget dry concepts specialize in a poultry cleaning leather cleaning draper cleaning or yet
a rug cleaning water damage restoration keep that in mind when the next 15 hurricane said water
damage restoration pet odor treatments and mattress cleaning to get rid of those dust mites and much
much more. So don't just have clean your home this spring don't do a half-ass job do a super
job by calling dry concepts today and have your home cleaned from top to bottom they always show
up on time they always do a professional job and give you a written guaranteed price upfront
before they start their unbeatable job no rip-offs no scams just a super duper job every time
from dry concepts call them toll-free and date-brought-of-the-pom beaches 1-800-248-5071
that's 1-800-248-5071 or log into their website dryconcepts.com
Grant's Laminning Contest if a Marla Square hits a Grant's Laminning the fifth inning you'll
win a two-year lease of a Mercedes Benz D230 for more information and Twitter log on at
wqan.com the 2006 Mercedes Benz Grant's Laminning Contest from 4205-60-2AM
you might mention my name to rights master Gary
560-WQAM presents how in the world of these people keep their jobs with many more
than how about there's a very large ass here to tell you about people who are
not in the store how well you a new bell written here actually to sound safe and
strong it's my imposing physics that keeps my job people are waiting for a meek
to touch my feet my balls I'm facing one I'm like intimidating I have no
no no I want one thing but I can intimidate people to issue me a check no matter how embarrassing
I sound now over here I have made some trouble let me show you how that's what
what thing we do it's only a command of the species to focus only on the thing that matters
most important in life for it they won't let talk about local bomb testing anywhere in the
four wing I talk about baseball baseball baseball wow what a game we
you're ready oh just call me Greg yeah I'm just a consultant now okay who are they
one? I'm gonna make it an important thing to tell you now look why don't you lean on that
call button so that's who that was sure I'm consulting you okay that's what's
very important everyone's wife not that's what it's games if we define game it what is
right so they are the rooms in the back of the western world women which we see either
why and things are very very curious about the educational world I'd like to talk about
look at the western there well I'm fighting with my pipe
yeah
huh yeah uh uh what are you gonna do about it they know I'm gonna get there yeah
I'm gonna fight with me I'll get there
come on I'm gonna go to the pool I'll get you out I'll get you out
all right I was going letty he's a man letty martes why can't we get him and
they all together like that one bit I think they got a good point coming soon
before we do want to get into that oh here's some good news here's some extra news
joining Illinois or some people say Illinois's because there are a lot of stupid people
California's become a second state in which a proposal to impeach president Bush has been
introduced in the state legislature and this will include Cheney as well all right
cal our California Assemblyman Paul Corretta Los Angeles where the LA Times is now called for
Cheney's resignation has submitted amendments to assembly joint resolution number 39 calling for
the impeachment of president George W Bush and vice president Dick Cheney the amendments for
our front section the 603 of Jefferson's vanduola rules of U.S. House of Representatives which
allows federal impeachment proceedings to be initiated by a joint resolution of a state legislature
the resolution in the words of Corretta's press release bases the call for impeachment upon
the Bush administration intentionally misleading the Congress and the American people regarding
the threat from a record order to justify an honest necessary war that has cost billions of
dollars and thousands of lives and casualties exceeding constitutional authority to wage war by
invading Iraq exceeding constitutional authority by federalizing the national guard oh I'd
thought there was no national guard in Iraq conspiring to torture prisoners and violations of the
federal torture rack indicating intent to continue such actions spying on American citizens and
violation of the 1978 foreign agency surveillance act leaking and covering up the leak of the identity
of Valerie Plain Wilson and holding American citizens without charge or trial all of these
things how you like that at both the state and national levels Corretta says we will be paying for
the Bush administration's illegal activities and terrible act of judgment and competence for decades
not only in the billions of dollars wasted on the war and welfare for the rich but in the world by
law so respect for America and Americans Bush and Cheney must be impeached and removed from
office before they undertake even deadlier misdeeds such as the use of nuclear weapons there are
no bounds to their willingness to ignore the constitution and world opinion we can't afford to wait
for the next disaster and hope that we can survive it absolutely correct nice going Paul you go boy
how do you like that California good article excellent I just descended to you
right you better hope I get out here real soon because during as I'm sitting here I keep
sitting more and more you're going to think George was sending me back in Georgia's listening
which I'm sure he's not but if he worked while I'm here at home sick you might as well send
the Jackson extra stories now he's got that new deal the audience will be pleased to know that
George and Josh have got great new deals man pretty much all signed up now with the new regime
to bet those guys aren't going to be here much longer but nevertheless Tuesday morning at 11.30
I think that could be a day that will live it in for me let's dig if the R up and see what he says
about it a day that will live it in for me uh may second 2006 the numbers will be coming out oh man
can you imagine the green ethyl chrystep that's going to be danced in the halls all uh Tuesday morning
not really oh yeah it's going to be a lot of screaming and carrying on going on after that oh boy
and the best part of the whole deal is I can tell you it would be on a shed over that these guys
haven't got a clue how to fix it they haven't they haven't got an idea
man that's the best part you know I mean if they had like even some assemblies that's why you got
80 hours of guilty to start the stupidest ballgame gets done it is just shocking
I mean I wouldn't I wouldn't be surprised if some of the people that are running this place now
on the payroll across the street I'm not making any allegations you understand but it wouldn't
shock the hell out of me yeah and you know who's got to be really laughing up his sleeve right now
let me give you a clue don't you think yeah I bet you he just laughing his ass off but is he still
part-time in it in the yorkard doing whatever he's doing I hope he can't have it if I know
whatever not that we really care but I bet you and of course he was you know he was what he was
760 votes man we're gonna have like 850 but no sweat for that thousand today I like I like this
I don't like why they have a lot of pressure in addition which we don't have the luxury of that
last 15 minutes today we get cut short like how was it birth what best describes most of the
South Florida residents brain dead 251 a solid 33 percent rock solid illegals 115 in fact late
till we get rid of all you illegal aliens we bring in some real decent humans average 93
insane 75 reject 65 or so much negativity ostrich is 48 losers 43 fine Americans there we go
there's real positive one only 38 and a holes 32 but I want his climbing just look up there
just look out your window you'll see the dance of the climbing a holes oh they're climbing
toward the top they might have me climb to the top of your light pool out there 5 6 7 0 5 6 they
do have a marine doubt a Prius in every pod each your heart heart out heaver heaver and then we
got the mid I got some good stuff here and quite frankly I've made my throat it must be these great
seepicals but I'm not the eating no more these gotta get that blood sugar down under under 6000
I think that's false advertising they put on their sugar free well there's nothing else in there
that is sending the blood sugar up so it's got to be that and it did the same thing last night too
seepical you're a bunch of liars whoever makes that probably bear one of those companies makes this crap
look at on the thing here to see I'm sure if I went and got the box it would tell me who makes this
garbage I'm gonna sue their ass on you die what you sure I don't know what you're laughing about
this is serious these wax man he said they're laughing see one of these days I hate to say this
I hope you avoided but one of these days you're gonna be facing the same music mister and you're
gonna say boy sure what a list I wish I would listen to that old fact he I knew what he was talking
about from personal sad experience I take care of myself man no you don't yes I do I see
that picture man you're looking a little chunky there yeah show me that nervous laugh he's
looking a little bit chunky to me you gotta be the only person on your fat ass and they're eating
all that three food now for the next hundred years so that's not gonna be any good eat that's
just taken taken you know taking advantage of the benefits the the perks w a m hello and congratulations
to Joshy and Georgie yeah the first child be a masculine child the three you guys are definitely
great emerging yeah yeah about a son women that you just read about the California he was on
your girlfriend show Randy Rhodes just today yeah Howard he um wrote that resolution he was
sir he uh he wrote that right yeah I don't have it this said I know that but evidently uh
he's just said has not uh approved yet there of course not I mean you think they're gonna
approve that in California aren't a little after the term of the era go get their ass right but
the interesting thing is that Randy brought out for hours was that she uh the legislator there
is democratically controlled yeah they're trying they're trying to come up with a nice way of
presenting an impeachment resolution yeah the silliest thing in the world and then evidently
our congress has to respond to that so I heard your breath I'll let you know what I say or maybe
Randy will tell you okay she's good at that 26 past 11 we got almost 800 votes on the pool things
are going hunky durian feeling actually almost human on you want to know why because you're a
blood sugar storing no actually my blood sugar is starting to come back down again thanks god no
it's got nothing to do with that it's got to do with the fact that we got that ballgame coming up
and it's already 48 degrees it's sunny it's beautiful that a cloud in the sky it's gonna be
around 60ish and at 145 I'll be out the door wait a minute 40 and it's gonna be 60ish
right 59 okay well it's only 11 30 in the morning don't you understand the way this works
yeah okay this this isn't like Florida where it's like already probably like 82 and the
high's gonna be 86 or like that that's not how it works up north and you've lived up north so
I don't know what to know you haven't have you not not really not really CC don't know what it is
like we're a little change of temperature when it's like a nice crisp feel in the air you know
like this morning when it was like a nice crisp 32 this is me or others this is 5.62
this is your brain this is your brain on drugs this is your brain being chopped
of bits by a finely honed meat cleaver this is your brain and a blender and this is your brain
being stirred into a big pot of chili brains real food for real people
this right we right here you then our hands must be the feet and all the
same this can't keep you there got some balls so do I mean a big house are you bigger
that can't come with great buttons man look I get it I know we could totally take their ass
right that's right because we're vigilant but tell me we at least have a plan sure thing
you see Iran is directly responsible for that eleven oh my god really
so hey I don't know they could be you never know okay they probably have a
terrorist dictator as well that's bad no that's horrible and when they don't hand over
their weapons and mass destruction how do you know they want I just don't answer
phone that they buddy oh we'll take them man how lats it down oh you bet your
turbine I'm coming for you you mean military foot for someone is I ran
hell I'll reset your government yeah I ain't afraid no suicide bomber yeah well don't worry
they're blood pressure now what'd be cool well what if they really do press the
button next thing you know it's nuclear winter we've got the solution in our back pocket
buddy really worth one worth global warming level 32 a QA I'm very bad the busier
but tasting in that bit eleven thirty two but ahead this moment seven hundred and I
want seven eighty one on their like I said it will be way over a hundred by noon and I'll
guarantee they're jumping for joy in a sales department I think I'll back their jumping
for joy high five and low five and I got some big sports news by the way what's that Ricky's
not gonna play no bigger than that uh oh bigger than that Canadian Steve Nash headed for a second
straight NBA MVP award according to Arizona Republic Canadian boy a Steve Nash I love it I love
the sad part of it is they just kicked Toronto Raptors at the Air Canada Center on Friday
Nash scored 20 points and I attended assisted the Phoenix Suns beat the Raptors 140 to 126
a real weapon Canadian good Canadian boy my ass go back to Phoenix you idiot anyway the
newspaper setting a league source for making with the voting said the Suns point guard will
become the tenth player to repeat his MVP magic Johnson is currently the only point guard to
have one of your word twice did you know that I did well and now you know it's gonna be Steve Nash
did you know that this is good why is that I just like it when the white a white guy wins the
the MVP in the NBA that was one of the most racially charged comments I ever heard
my life figured come on what how many white guys are in the NBA it's great just because it's a dark
guy sport that that would be how about if Jerome McGinnolow won the MVP in the heart trophy in the NHL
what I don't know who that is I know Peter War is a black player for the well Peter
Rally could win any trophies I don't think he's in league no more I could be wrong but I'm
pretty sure he's not no Jerome McGinnolow is a superstar 50 gold score for the Calgary flames
right you better you better know you're hockey mister because once you get past Joe Nguyen
I can watch his name Roberts you're not too solid I know my panthers man you know you don't
you know uh what's your law on you mister how you say it?
boom i stir, boom mister uh oleio you better know you're hockey mister who ole
oleio you have been oleio kidding very good wow woo of course for a boy toe and uh i come on now
you know and i know i know the panthers and the public said the effect you probably know as many
of mizidu how about Wojtek uh whatever his name is i don't know who much of foreigners the
republic said the official announcement may not come for two weeks but the votes have been
tagged and just kidding the boy Steve Nash the MVP forget about forget about him he's small
get it huh he's uh black he didn't produce oh god well you don't want to say do you want to see
a white god get it i said it's nice to see white god get it and that what he just said George
George is not at his head at home marine doubt writes a Prius in every pot
uh you see the heat the heat fans they think just because they beat enough on a girl's team the
aboles you know they feel pretty confident right about now yeah they're real cocky right now
just wait till they get up against the good team boy i'll tell you one thing i don't know anything
about it and everybody is saying hey the pistons would kick their ass from here all the way to
will Wisconsin definitely not even a contest so you can give you give me all that BS about pack
right pack writing and slick haircut and all that other crap you know what's that got to do with
and the icy sleeve anyway what is that icy sleeve is that for like maybe i should put that on my
shoulder you think the icy sleeve are you in pain no not actually well from this radio station yes
fact when job when Clara Bell was in the ass they mourned and it should have been my comment
them because it's it's the truth even though i could you know still lose a little more weight i'm
189 this one it's not too bad for me i still got about 29 pounds i'd like to lose or maybe close to
not 30 man but that's not too bad for me another net everything is just a hunky dori man there's only
one one negative in my life and you know what it is i'm going to go ahead and guess q a m that's a
good guess 790 votes what best describes most of the South Florida resident in fact if i will
guarantee i'm going to bet you my life on it right now that if i had to still be there this is the
only thing i said when he left the station i'll say it again the only thing i think Greg read for
is having to build a studio right here because if i still have what had to be down there i'd be
over there power 96 with all those losers over there yeah and there are no white people over
there anymore another kid curry got kicked out they're all Spanish are they really yeah
like who we're going to name all the people yeah give me a couple of names who's it power 96 i'm
i'm gonna lose you guys what happened to that guy in the morning that got canned
who albie silk albie silk what happened what'd be happening with him um i guess he just wasn't
cutting it he wasn't cutting it nope fine enough 790 votes brained dead 256 that's the correct answer
very good job all you people in the audience have voted on our poll on neo-rodgers.com excellent job
brained dead 256 as in q 56 illegals 120 average 97
i got i got another good one yeah shmit yeah without the m yeah i think that's huh is that is that
like a little too harsh is that over the top it's okay always it okay put it on it average 97 in
stain 75 reject 65 after just 50 a holes 48 it's climbed up three spots the climbing a holes man
are up that ladder they're moving they're climbing they're going to hop over the ostriches like
they're really we got their head in the sand losers 44 and fine-Americans celamentate
trait didn't end way away 39 trait and over italiano interesting how let's just Spanish and the
Italian numbers are so similar that interesting not really but well their languages are very similar
yes they are now french on the other hand is like more federal better like that because they're
not just like that yeah a lot of that oh boy a more endowed rights a prehistory pot it's
taken over five years but George W. Bush finally made a concession speech to al Gore he
considered that america needs to conserve by buying hybrid vehicles and developing new energy
sources trying to calm the yips in his party in the country over exploding gasoline prices thank you
by the way very much mr. president again for those little gas prices the president sounded like a
bit like a wild-eyed ozone man himself yesterday stolen the virtues of alternative fuel to ride
from cooking grease sugar grass wood chip soybean oil and corn but then he got a hold of himself
he just got to recognize their limits how much corn can be used for ethanol he said standing
in front of a bucolic mural after all we got to eat some you could run a fleet of SUVs on the
gas that W was spewing about fuel bill Clinton would have been more likely to crack down on fast
food than W and Dick Cheney would be to crack down on big oil even the usually supportive Wall Street
journal editorial page chastised republicans for putting on Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi
fright wigs to shout about corporate greed and market manipulation W's big move was to ever
so slightly beef up a federal investigation to oil company price manipulation it's been
underwrestling Katrina it's a great idea said the Democratic leader senator Harry Reid so good
that we passed the law last year calling for it price manipulation would explain the marginal
why gas went from say 270 to 290 but not why gas went from 140 to 270 that's more about fundamental
forces Chinese and Indian demand markets spooked by Iran's threats Nigeria's unrest Venezuela's
talk of nationalizing its oil industry cops sense a gallon of head as well and the Pentagon's
vongering of the restoration of a wreck's infrastructure so we can't hook up that tube gasoline
prices may be hurting average folks but the oilers who helped put the boy king in Duke of
Haliburton office with lavish donations are enjoying record profits and breathtaking bonuses how
both those oilers they be teacher in overtime again last night the oil man in the oval incompetent
so many ways have brilliantly achieved one of their main objectives boosting the fortunes of
the oil industry and the people who run it all those secret meetings device president had back
in 2001 letting the energy and oil big shots help write our energy policy one that urged more
oil and gas drilling worked like a charm in all their years in government Mr. Cheney and the
bushes have never done anything to hold the oil companies feet to the fire or get Americans
feet off the gas pedal as representative James Clyburn democratic South Carolina noted the
Republicans are the party with the keys to the executive washrooms of Haliburton next on and the
big oil corporations considerably Raymond originally retired as chairman and chief executive at
back on recently we learned about his stunning secret compensation he got more than $686 million
for 1993 to 2005 according to a times of story which calculated that's 144,000 plus for each day
he spent leading ex-hands god pod as the executive swed the companies headquarters in Erick Texas
144 grand a day even i'm not making that even Josh don't have any new contract
the only oil bearer was in cash in these days is Sodom we pulled up to the pump and bag that we
pumped down 10 billion a month and we're not still like getting any gas out of it instead of
easing our oil dependence and pay for rags reconstruction the bummed-rolled invasion and
subsequent nuclear sparring with Iran have left even Republicans looking for preesses the last time
W began ringing his hands about our addiction to oil and the state of the union dress the
president was dismissive about the notion of sacrifice afterward and the energy secretary
clarified the president's words saying they shouldn't be taken literally and that the idea
of replacing middle east oil imports with alternative fuels was purely an example
even if w shows up on TV in a great cardigan it's patently preposterous for the Republicans
to make this argument after selling us on the idea that's our manifest destiny to get into
giant cars and go to giant wal-marts and giant targets and more by more giant bags of stuff
now they're telling us to squeeze into tiny electric cars and compete for precious
drips of oil with the Chinese and Indians who are swimming enough of our dollars to afford cars
the US could have been developing alternative fuels 30 years ago
about 30 man
if Dick Taney hadn't helped scuttle an ambitious titan the Ford administration
by the time these guys get gas from cooking grease global warming will have us cooked
that's your girlfriend marine dad today nice going marine a Prius and every pot
and you need to pay for it how do you like that?
lumbar 42 a Q.A.A
this is Neil Rogers this is 516
Keel
Bartlett who the hell are the Bartlett
when driving I got a thrill my ass you
time and time again
I heard oil supplies they were all the fleets
when it's another war we have to pray
now there's a hunger in the Ford escape
and no cheap fuel for heaven say hey
come on it's no fear
what we got afraid come on it's that fair
go masterful
hey
can they get any higher
oh
you
can they get any higher
go and drive
clean it up
clean
George is out sick today by the way he would be here doing a show today we want to apologize
you for that except for the fact he's sick because i'm a little alone although you know
something if i would have not done it today i would feel real bad about that now i feel guilty
yeah you would have
could i be out there plunging my guts out already i could already be down about you know 1502
thousand
13-diluna Q.A.A.A we got the marlon pregame show 145 marons and the cubs that's the a third and
final game marlon's trying to salvage one game just one just as one time can they win it
no probably not marlon's at the cubs in 220 followed by hours and hours and hours and
yeah guilty all the guilty all the time so i'm guilty you get the marlon to the floor now
Friday we got let me take over the schedule guilty
what did i tell you i don't want to be itoly so kind of guy but i told you so
once his boyfriends took over that the trick of little children and of course our new general
mangler clairbele he had a sense back oh we want to lock you up for the rest of your life
kneel oh oh and look at the great job we're doing getting all josh and the jord syngear
man he is just pathetic five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty in the horizon
singular wireless lines you could not be over with a feather if you would have ever told me before
this all happened that somebody would come into replacing Greg read they would make Greg look
like a rocket scientist i would have said to you uh you got to be a sniffing glue man
you got to be crazy of course i shouldn't say that i don't want to put you on a spot because you're
right you're at a very critical stage of your hot negotiation there that's right yeah so the
less said the better come into qa m hello hey me all i worry today great i think i'm talking about
four cents a gallon for fuel as well i have to try that i was there once caracas i couldn't wait
to get out of there i was there one day i've been there multiple times one of the things that i
love about the way the fuel works other than it's really cheap is gasoline is the same everywhere
there is no competition in the price of fuel somebody may charge more in their little grocery store
for a candy bar but no matter where you go the law says fuel must be the same everywhere yeah i
want to thank you ochaves if they if they messed around now even like thirteen said that's the end
of them oh we're waiting okay oh he's waiting for you and i think you misunderstood but never
less maybe i was pat Robertson com we're waiting to take out he was chava's voice don't go to
Venezuela don't listen to that last guy do not go there man it's just teaming teaming with the
mostly slippers crime oh i don't want to go through the holster again just uh i was in caracas
that one time i thought it was going to be really you know pleasant and i expected something totally
different and the drive from the airports of the city man you go through alas montanius man through
all these winding mountains and zillions and zillions of these huts they've all got like a you know
tin roof touch with like a tv antenna on top oh yeah and they all look the same it is all these
slippers in here and at night time a lot of these uh desperados they descend down into the city
and just rob and rape and loot and plunder in the not good yeah i mean i i know a friend who
knew a woman who went down there and was sitting in the cab just like you were and her hand out the
window a guy came by and a bike cutter finger off took the ring right there you go so way to do it
and the finger no less oh yeah maybe that's the finger that showed up and it's really at Wendy's
that time that could be it but i think he just might have answered that dilemma there you go
all that that turned out to be a scam remember that yeah that was a scam some bicks that was running
around suing everybody inside i kept there's anything i can't stand it's people looking for a suing
unless it's supercar though i forgot to look at a box and see who makes this crap
wnaqyam hello hi sir although i think it has really helped my sore throat oboe remarkably so you
know either your blood shirt goes up if one thing doesn't get you something else i get you right
right you can't have nothing's perfect that's wqyam hello qaam hello
oh i run a hole
wqam hello and mail yes sir there's a scene in gotten in part three where uh
maria's holding up a picture of apolonia and it looks like she's comparing a contrasting it
pays her mother or apolonia's her mother really you told me the other day that
uh marie was uh kaze mother
but what does it look like?
no marie not kaze mother she's kaze daughter that is correct
yeah kaze daughter what was that look on her face why she was she was
uh comparing and contrasting her look the look on her face was she just got shot where she's
dead and we're just thinking oh why could you do that way more sooner honey this guy's trying
like i don't care how many day go gimme a walk three small gumbas come out on a woodware see if
you want to believe that that's fine okay in other words i don't know why you asked me the question
if you already made up your mind that she was apolonia's daughter but she was not
michael had two children both by k now the one the bastard son that was a sonny's son that
was uh Andy Garcia Vincent yes he was the bastard son but at the very ugly uh gweed
o'ethe that was uh beside he was begging up against the doorway there
remember the scene at the wedding and uh sonny's wife she's talking to the other
women there and she's doing the thing with her hands uh uh yeah remember that she wasn't
talking about hubby the wedding cake was either five six seven oh five six yeah i think she was
making some more in baby reference there w-q-a-m hello i think josh is coming okay good
so i'm in a q-a-m hello hello liel yes i got to tell you i was listening to your uh
little pitch and i'm pitch but the read that little story about the
impeachment uh for both of us states states yes and just as i was pulling up to the intersection
up here in beautiful fall in the east county heading into uh broward and uh i saw this uh
bumper sticker but it was uh i'm again i got his rear window and it's the classic of the week so far
it read i'd rather hunt with dick than ride with Ted i thought you could have charged out of that
it's good yeah okay thanks palie thank you for that
bottoms up five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty oh there's the doggy psychologist on
CNN see this is what we get there's that poor old golden man looks about a hundred years old
and they got the doggy psychologist they would try to straighten his ass out i should have a
doggy string for tiny you know try that little dog boy most of the dogs are crazy you do know that
do you have a do you have a dog yes i do now what kind of a dog is it a pitful no i said do you have a dog
go for your w-q-a-m hello liel yes sir i'm just you know they put this guy in Tony's no i
get the rear range and the uh rear range of the chairs on the Titanic this guy's been critical of
bush i know he's not wearing patches yeah there's a story that i sent that'll be on our website
tomorrow where he called him everything incompetent uh everything out of the sun and of course you
just know that they're gonna be dragging all of those quotes out everywhere you look
exactly i mean that i mean they might as well have had you know the fat drug addicted liar rush
big bang be the guy yeah i mean but what what do they think the Tony's snow is gonna be able to
to take care of the Washington press if you're gonna face anybody can give a big snow job he's
a guy well he is but i mean it's gonna be lie after lie and he's gonna be smiling i mean it's a joke
i mean i hope that they really re-entown the snow a new ad hey man they man no that's here yeah maybe
they can bring we to cause be out there and she can whisper some questions at the news conference
let's just know what you think of uh oh you see i don't know why we we need to be seen
like as we got guilty and letting our tens all these other squeaky people on here who don't
belong here i mean if it's good enough for ms mbc with all our general electric money if that's
the best they can put on here then why should we expect to put like real broad broadcasters on huh
maybe that's where they're getting their ideas i think it was a bad idea to put schmit on there
i think the people feel that we're a little little too far no side doesn't have any no no schmit
then that that was just too low of a shot even for this show which we ordinarily you know
we can go as low as you want oh look at that look now there was a little min pin did you see that
you know what yeah no i'm watching and i want you see that little min pin yeah they're really cute
you don't want one oh believe me oh look at that little puppy there there you go it is like a uh
doxwood which by the way to your terrible comments in my dog but i've owned uh
a multiple retrievers not a terrible comment of older retrievers that that's a dog anybody
unless you've got a small place you got like a small apartment you don't want them to
too big right i can't have one now but uh golden retrievers like almost like another human
great dogs uh i've also had two doxins so never hand one of those that i don't know
they're kind of like string one of them really good the other one eh you know not so good you killed
it no it's just fine but 825 vote it's always a sad day when you got to put the dog to sleep you know
but uh but then as the months go by you realize boy all the freedom you've got what best describes
more to the south fold that was a terrible thing to say i do want to apologize for that was not bad
it's not you know you like steep mash one in the mba mp no you're the one that said that that
you're glad he won because he's a white guy you said that yeah i'd like to see a white guy when he's
not what you said that's what i said well that's nasty what would i even just make what the color of
his skin is how about if the best player wins right bird Larry bird was white and i think he was
disgusting you nauseating guy he was looking but you can't know i'm not just talking about good looking
just a whole ambiance him he's just a uh a yehu forget about good looking he just looks like big birds
so you know how many good looking seven foot tall guys are there anyway you know they're freaks
right now of course except for well that's another story he's he's icy uh he's got that icy sleeve
he's got something up his sleeve 825 votes that's kind of like uh Joe nameth who could really play
well why is it most of these most of these jocks can't speak what is that like a headscrap although
a tourist raford you can speak um brain dead 262 south floridians illegals 126 average 98 you know
kind of like middle of the road insane 77 reject 67 a hole 61 the latter is the graded fall over
that's climbing up so fast even spider man never climbed up the side of a building that fast
octaves 50 losers 44 and five americans 40 no shmit out of eight 25 no shmit hey no shmit
hall you horse racing fans and poker players top of the park racing and poker has got all the
gamut action you're looking for it will also feature silo casting the Kentucky Derby next Saturday
May 6th you don't have to waste any extra gas you'd rather than you have to in order to watch and
wait you on the run for the roses pompadopark will feature early bird wageriam Kentucky Derby Friday
May 5th starting at noon and then on Saturday May 6th you can watch and pledge your lungs on a Kentucky
Derby plus the last two races from church hilldowns come to be part of the crowd as they root home
the winner the first leg of the triple crown pompadopark will also have free past for performance pages
for the Derby field located just a half mile from the on 85 in the turn pipe pompadopark is easy
to get to and best of all it offers you free admission free general parking every day of your life
live harness racing in the great smoke free poker room is open every Wednesday Friday and Saturday
poker starts at noon like in two minutes today goes on to midnight and live racing gets underway
nightly at 7.25 in the p.m. Wednesday Friday and Saturday like tonight and don't miss out on
doubt on night Wednesdays like tonight that's when draft beer soda hot dogs and lots more
just a bucket pee starting at 6 in the p.m. don't forget a week from this Saturday next Saturday
May 6th watching plunge on the Kentucky Derby at pompadopark a block south of the Atlantic Boulevard
on Powerline Road for the current racing schedule 9.5.4.972.2000 or go on the web at pompadopark.com
and don't forget they even aim to street after Mickey McNichol in Detroit
one two three four five six seven eight five eleven twelve
the license of pete all for me
and
two young new boys
ever leaning on a ride a few subpoenas grip are gone and trouble with us all now they
wish they weren't on watching her curse
I in her hills
who prove they're innocent now will their lawyers probably will
they can their way to the courtroom now
they had a little more fun than the campus allows
well you're still young do four
from the duplacross team
picture got out of hand now all over the land they got their face on TV oh yeah
all over that straight man like stick on grace of italias i'm just all over it
not five six seven oh five sixty better get these phones cranked up again man
because i'm not i don't have like a real huge pile that i want to like sift through here today
i want to get my throat agitated now that that's super cold it's such a fine job of like soothing my
a controlled my shoulder to hold you'll feel like a new man feel like i'm going to go out there
when like 50 grand today so that new what to achieve it must be out how to do to achieve a HD
a player that's right DVD player so you're hoping to win full hundred and fit at least no no that
that's only for a start i mean if i only one four fifty i don't leave it four fifty it's not
even worth it you know that pays for a little more than camp here you know about three times camp
here four times forget about that that's just for starters that's just to start playing with
their money a little bit then he hit the three thousand online then you run out the door they put
the money in your hand you say thank you very much you give them a twenty and you run out the door
and i'm sure that you're going to be tipping the attendance when they start paying our
share oh yeah pots that's right just keep that in mind i had somebody other day we tell me oh
i don't know would never tip the attendance and say what if what else wrong with you they're going
to let your ass sit there for like hours no job some people just don't know that i should write a
book on casino on gambling etiquette when that be good you would know i said you would know
yeah i'm on uh... um... racino etiquette girl you back to it's ready for this summer when they
finally open up those damn slots finally somebody q a m hello nio yes sir just like you thought
like to know that that's like this word low to forty five again in juries like two weeks ago
i went up to her she paid and i went to do juries go to her she high way yeah and i got to tell you
p a it's gorgeous especially her she town honest reach off it but it's very very nice there and um
anyway yeah five six seven oh five sixty i knew they had to tell you it's going up to her she
high way and pound five sixty livers rise in singular wireless line w q a m hello
my shorter is five hundred okay good we don't care not interested just tell us when the next
the pro-ex shipment comes in okay tell them all over there we got one smit look at that one
one person voted for that somebody really even even more caustic and uh skeptical and
nasty than we are i don't want to put that on here but you insisted eight hundred and forty four
we got an hour and forty minutes we'll get that thousand real easy right not even contest today
still waiting for this phone to explode here though i'll tell you that don't forget this
edited NFL draft party at hooters in the pembert pines ten to five sponsored presented by
heini can i'm not i'm not doing line nine okay you you do line nine well okay now i just want to
make sure these other ones are yet still functioning because after what we had the other day you
never be too sure thanks to bell south by the way thanks for that fabulous job welcoming back
me back from vacation on Monday that was a beautiful thing with phones ring like crazy but we
couldn't see where they were ringing and what they were dingin and what was going on because
bell south sucks it may not be good at least they're consistent one thing about the utilities inside
lord floor to like floor to plunder with loot there's another one for you got they got their hands
in both your pockets and they're sticking their foot right and breakfast as far as they can
w.a.c.y.m. hello
you know the jambamayan suck yeah good w.a.c.y.m. hello
hello yes sir
yayn
yeah let's try line nine more right a q.a.m.
how did we know huh sound like he was a little bit of pain today too that was eddie jr
w.a.c.y.m.
I see hot yeah he either wonder what he's got up his sleeve
well I'll tell you one thing if I'm going to depend on these colors today to be on me out till
145 forget about it they really suck very very slow down to dribs and drabs and this is what
happens when you spoil the audience and you sit and you spoon feed them and read all this crap day
after day I'm not going to do it not today I throw this feeling much better now I feel right
in that pulling the slide put budget at button move you know not going to elect these people
move me off my appointed grounds 847 eran on a pull 847 we'll have that thousand before you can
say Joe Bell's a group law say it though w.a.c.y.m. hello w.a.c.y.m. hello
hello yes hello yeah i'm buddy kata
well w.a.c.y.m. hello hey Neil how you doing okay now with Michael and the godfather he
he married a pironia she got blown up in the car so she couldn't have had a kid because she got
killed a few days after they got married is that right there was there was no baby and she got
blown up of course we mentioned that yesterday but this guy still wants to insist that somehow
she was married mother even though she was dead and she was never pregnant in the first place
maybe it was in a macular contraception or maybe the guy that called it just an imbisode you think
that's possible right but one of the question when he when he moved over there he had the black
guy from the cusp so when he proposed that he was pretty busy with his canola there yeah okay
whatever you say and don't forget we've got they think that only he's talking about the black guy
well black guy was in the godfather i missed the movie he saw i don't know there actually is
underneath no there are no black people that's why Josh liked it so much five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty i bet you Steve Nash is in it though we think in fact maybe
that was an old Nash rabble that she was driving when it blew up i think like that remember
you driving a lone boss you're going low you're driving you know
Sunday Saturday Monday that'll take her to screw up the days of the week
w-k-y-m hello hey no yes sir what's up how you doing you'll be like oh it's telling you yesterday
you want to go to a little bit to get out to do a little bit of it no say good
w-k-y-m hello all right lives w-k-y-m hello no i challenge you to find true happiness
w-k-y-m hello hey the pivot spot man back to the pivot spot how you doing now okay good good
he didn't say the black guy he said that Michael had a black eye he still had the black
eye he said he had a black guy is what he said no no no no he had a black eye
yeah oh oh negro you know what the oh oh negro oh oh yeah oh oh so what do you say brown in
Spanish five six seven oh five sixty i don't have any idea how to say brown how they mentioned
Spanish you but try to think what you're supposed to be now let me ask you something you just
see Agra I noticed at the end of the show yesterday George played at the silly scottie
Matt crap you know right one of those traits whatever that crap and this and just the
agra comes on quadro or synchosace what i crap what does he try to tell us well that's that's
good actually what it would have said like people responding to our drop no i understand it
i'm not even know they didn't let us play the whole drop that wasn't the whole drop we got cut off
but hey why is that all right i i got to tell you right now i don't know where the hell that is
i know what's oh here it is it's under smack it's like uh i touched her that yeah
Neil Rogers good George Rodriguez no good on that's bad especially on thanks honey okay
everyone's we hit all these in here look at the scottie mac my god oh yeah that feels great oh
brother you never met scottie mac and boy you were lucky talking about talking about a silly person
you know some of these people like college kids who like the negative be like 35 and they're still
like college kids and they do silly pranks and they're like you're overgrown children you know
kind of kind of like what we got there running the radio state and kind of like that that's got
him i 12 and it's past noon at qa and we got marlon game and then we got guilty for 48 solid hours
but after that reason you can't just get your baby it's something a lot of juice all the slime all the time
hello i'm Naomi Campbell
hello i'm carbon swammy baby you're a kid
recently we've come under scrutiny for using our cell phones as weapons this is all
must-do about a hairdo you cook girl
that's a ridiculous do not these people coming up and trying to interrupt me without
telling me ladies ladies ladies you know when you don't see me recording the commercial ladies you
don't understand are you the one that stole my jeans?
that's the one that took your jeans girl what would i be doing with a woman's fair
jeans get it
i think we killed him but he didn't take your jeans and he did make one of your hair
there's a much to do about a hairdo that's what i was saying
there's a what the phone should be used for not just for dialing text messaging or internet
use but for opening up people's hands and i can call good not
humiliated
you don't wait
i'll see you have cell phones and i'm talking to you
okay do you need to use my cell phone?
yes girl i'd like to make the call it's very important
let's get in my cell phone
let's get in the cell phone
another example of great cell phone use
there's a much a new one but a hairdo
what should we do now?
congresswoman Cynthia McKinney?
i'll tell you what Naomi let's go to my office
i have some profit
it's humiliated
waaaah
i need to see for my baby
i'm getting vacation on you know who i am?
i'm working this fieldy
and you knew who i am? i'm supermodel and i'm a cowboy
that's a supermodel
i still need to see your ID
i got my phone right here i'll go with you
i'll go with you right now
i'll go with you right now
nice to meet you don't you?
thank you very much Naomi
by the way i love your hazy
you're beautiful girl
pay for by the committee to make some forms legal weapons
from 18 to qm here's a sensational
a phony thanks for met and south beach supposedly
guess what met my numbers are still sensational
and number two uh the idea that my army is the most dynamic city in the world
the most i can't allow house too much okay
it must strictly under on south beach
i got those what i was going to say i got something else sensational
what's that? i got how you say brown in spanish
how's that? you're not going to believe me
maroho what? maroon
maroon?
is that like maricone?
no
it's like boogarone
boogar maroon
boogarone
means uh
uh don't start and i can't start going there
anyway matwood a uh costico i'm glad your ratings are going on the tube
unless people are being here you're obsolete swill you're out of touch
your baba baba baba biba biba
yet i'm doing just fine okay
and this idea if you're happy with what my army is in downtown and uptown
and all this other kind stay there mad it's a perfect place for you okay i got
another one for the poor by the way we didn't put on it which would
we'll zoom up their hostile yet hostile
see if it's only me man i say well i'm just a malcontent i don't uh like uh
this but it's not just me
in fact most most people that i know basically say the same thing but then that's
okay you you like enjoy it man in fact you'll be the only one on it
metromover just like on the metrofail you'll be on it right in that one
right it out to hi alia name i'm not going to waste my time with this thing about
in fact this is probably from across the street this one looks like to me
oh yeah everybody's according to people on the ticket and 790 this better be put
a loop but well well big deal doesn't affect me
then i've new with this show here's one that says the holy land experience
biblical theme park near or land that won't have to be property tax under a
built tax today by the house park official described the five year old holy land
experience is more of a bible based history museum and to religion and by the way
notice Matt still listening to and that religious education visitors can
enter a replica of Jesus tomb or see Jesus heal a blind man
climb the stairs of a fake herds temple and traveled on a recreation of
via delarosa the park has been in a battle with tax officials in
orange county over the its required to pay local taxes but the bill is meant
to clarify that the nonprofit park is exempt from local property taxes as well
bill passed a house 93 to 25 still needs senate approval in your yahoo state
martin and k-korel see all the taxes just came in because they didn't bother putting
anybody else in their swimming that's just one person can do all this not a
Georgia's out sick today so obviously Josh during a break to set a
go in here and sit along we had a whole pile of taxes
including that love facts are Matt who not only is listening today but obviously
was listening the other day when we're talking about uh europe let a beat but a
boop yeah quote everything i say on a show but i'm out of touch and a rating
sit down the tube and i'm feeding a bunch of swill and obsolete and all this
other stuff so i'd like to show Matt martin and k-korel says i can't listen to your
show daily maybe twice a week so i know if you already mentioned the new movie
coming out may 24th and inconvenient truth
starring al Gore it's about global warring and it's the effect on here that should
be pretty said lady a movie starring al Gore oh people can types to see movie
on opening weekend i do check articles on your website daily they'll great
linked to a movie trailer climate crisis dot-nets is martin k-korel
here's john and uh this is uh john from a Columbia South Carolina who doesn't put that
anymore because he knows retired that other way a movie without gorum might
i might fall asleep quicker than network i would imagine so
anal he says well we can say that in regard to our pull we certainly can't say
that in regard to anything else but we can say it on the pull you go to got it
okay also please add nasty to the pull if somebody says
and then i have no idea what this uh faxes where did this come from
Larry can get an office or a cell number for this
George did you see this no maybe he didn't see it where the hell did it come from
you sent it to me no i didn't know how you didn't
trust me it's George's handwriting and it's got to be uh
what there you go by the way something this board doesn't work
what what are you talking about Miguel is in there he didn't even to eat lunch and
he sent you those faxes and the board in there is
not working correctly he can't hear you
uh so what what why can't you hear me or not you're just in there eating lunch
well George might have some technical issues that's always saying tomorrow
honestly well a bit that'll take all the fun out of it if we correct that
today this is true that's the q m f in way that's a mat and south beach or
beach and again special to bother make sure he hears all our technical
screw-ups mad loves it even though of course all the
sports people are over there at seven i did a take it we'll find out about that
next two days we'll see if they can crack a one okay if they can crack a two
share any time during your sports numbers we know they're not going to crack a
two in midday we know that beyond a shadow of a doubt
there's still there's still sucking wind okay
Steve says pull suggestion which TV character could ever be played by only one
person examples columbopeter fog or she bunker chair low-conner
permeation rayman bird i i don't i mean i appreciate speed making a never-force
but like a little ridiculous that's beyond ridiculous yeah because whoever plays
characters like the ones he's talking about i mean any uh you know
right yeah not just anybody can play who else could have played the
funds right i mean i just thanks Steve but i don't do that again
hey yeah there was one black guy in the guy father he was cartoons
hammer remember cartoon i'm not gonna race him though i'm gonna put him out to
stud and then put his head in my bed
cartoons handler in his name was as is though i'm supposed to know that i
may be a godfather or a fan but i i don't
crazy person yet he says i know the answer jack waltz system thanks
blank his name long time listener lily the appraiser well thanks lily but you
could have told us because there's a trineman chance and purgatory that i
would know the answer to that do you of course not no
i'm not gonna race him i'm gonna put him out to cartoon cartoon he's like
and then he says i don't get how many day go get any what grease ball
gun vise come out i don't know what exactly and then he also said
by let me tell you something my crud mcfriend where's the one where he says he
never gets oh i know now that's not it that's not worth it okay thanks larry
your appraiser so the board there isn't working right what a uh
novelty i'd say one thing that clear bill he's got that place running like a
clock like big bend eight hundred eighty seven we need a hundred
thirteen votes in an hour twenty five minutes that should be easy shouldn't
get to that thousand by twelve by uh always a twelve forty five
i'm gonna get that music cranked up if we're gonna have a game of twelve forty five
are we going with something else today
i'm thinking we ought to you know marlon's on decade one forty five because it's
in Chicago one central time so their one twenty game is two twenty
are time and that would be sucks i mean fifteen minutes i'm not you know i'm
not gonna look at gift costs in the mouth even if it is cartoon but that's
that that's not much of a big deal now like some kind of a big bargain you know you
get off early tomorrow fifteen minutes
whoo
hostile no votes for hostile yet i'm surprised i thought that one goes
zooming up there five six seven even hostile
faxes from people who are listening let's see that's the best part
i hate you i can't say i'm listening i heard you say this the other day and
in last uh... mom Monday you said this but it means that it would put you on
like that
otherwise have a question because uh you said right out
reminding me of a hostile uh do you know because it came up um to hostels
you have your own room and you share a bathroom or is it just a bunch of beds
what are you talking about the different kind of hostile like an idea of spiel
yes they have all over your especially i'm stood on in places like that we're
a lot of young ponsko yeah back packing
now what's the deal with those what's the deal with what like i would know like i
been inside of a hostile i'm just scared that maybe you know you know you would
know no i would not know i know there's a zid in i'm why you're playing on
state of one when you go to omester down that's probably the only way i would
have thought that that would all of big bucks you got you stay like at the
grand crazna polskier one of those five star hotels which aren't all that great
anyway but they're okay but you want to stay some youth hostile for like about
the three bucks a day or something like that that probably yeah no actually
charge for the roaches in fact you're probably fine
zidians of any asterisks now you like it there i think good george ought to
love not he's got that new contract you ought to like right your check
all right your hop on a plane send you over there like coach class in fact we'll
strap you up we'll strap you up against the uh
tell of the pain away all the time i'll stand no big deal yeah we'll strap your
ass up on the inside of cabin or maybe in cargo and then once you get there you'll
have a whale of a time guaranteed can't look anybody can't have a good time
there you know i'm really burned out on that place you know i just i really am
but if you can't have a good time there then you're like dead you do or maybe
your brain dead like south-south or i agree and i have any of them there right but
you're anxious to go i can see why and of course when you would walk around in a
red light district and you look at the not so much the ones down by uh the
canal there with a well well well i don't even know what you call that area by
the old church oh not good now what about the red light this and there was
you need to get there i beg your pardon any good in the red light district that's
what i'm getting to if you'll just be patient okay but if you go on the uh
well i can't take the name of the street but uh it's a long street where they have
all of these uh you know uh strip shows and all these all these
played dens of inequity and on that street it's also a major part of the red light
district and there's like almost all white chicks nose windows and man old man you
your tongue would be on the top of your shoe or maybe on the bottom of your
shoe maybe you'd be stepping on it and then it tongue too
you wouldn't believe you stick to myself i can actually go in here and pay a few bucks
and get uh yeah you sure can and you'd save yourself i don't think i'm ever
leaving this place although of course there's always downtown my name
this is new rocket or cabin and baby this is 5.62
Howard david's a bitch message and see new
in a code it's not possible in plain sight the truth is right in front of you
look at it where centuries you know the truth Jesus was married no he had children and no
what did the bitchy know Jesus and how they pet
toad i'm sorry what Jesus i had a pet toad i'm sorry i still don't
sounded like you said he had a he's a name and was a scooter
uh huh the defense she told you cut off the discreet of the valley the people must know
no toast to sin it's still alive the fictional secret is no longer a secret anymore
get a free Jesus bottle head last last all right that'll get him in there especially
in south florida you know i dug this uh facts this hostile facts out of the waste basket
because ordinarily i have fun with these i never failed to read one okay but this one was
just so ridiculous but i think i think to make the point because it fits right in with the
pull we're taking today where you go mad in south beach right so i thought that you might find
it interesting although i don't that last night when channel 10 was reporting the big the big
story of the rickian wiggum suspension they went straight to the seven ninety the ticket studio
to get fans reactions i've seen other channels do the same it seems that everyone has forgotten
wqa m if you had a sling box which is advertised in your station you'd be able to watch it from
there well guess what match i don't have a sling box i don't want a sling box although you're
slinging it pretty good and i have the interest in watching channels in news or four six seven
where any other ones are empty trace but here comes the good part also you mentioned yesterday
about how great europe is because everything is closed together with convenient public transportation
i didn't say anything about great or not great i just said that the gas price is not as relevant
there because they don't have to drive long distances they would have worked et cetera and so on
and they have bicycles and motepads and public transportation et cetera that's what i said i didn't
say anything about great or not great did i know you'll be happy to know that my amy here comes a good
part my amy is adding a street car system to midtown uptown and south beach in addition to the
metro mover and miles of new metro mail may uh... may uh... metro rail being built which will
also connect at a hub at the airport there are tens of thousands of new luxury housing and
is being built downtown right next to orfas buildings within walking distance there's also a new museum
park being built between the new performing arts center in the arena as well as an entertainment
complex going into a new next to a new downtown mall that's bigger than the eaton center
that that that that that's right there malls going to be bigger than my mall there'll be no need
for anyone downtown to own a car of course since you haven't been to downtown my amy since the
panthers left and guess what madden either is most anybody else uh... your oblivious to the fact
that downtown my amy has become the most dynamic city in the world is there anybody uh... who believes
i'm sorry uh... must have missed that can you read that one more time
since you haven't been to downtown my amy since the panthers left your oblivious to the fact that
downtown my amy has become the most dynamic city in the world it's good to know that your ratings
are going down the tube cube so that less people are hearing your obsolete swill or is it the other
way around less people are listening because you're out of touch material is outdated obsolete love
madden south beach so i think the truth you met
uh... city a place isn't about buildings isn't about shopping malls is plenty of places that
shopping malls i'm sure it's a little hard they got big shopping malls but it's about people
it's about attitude it's about the uh... still lifestyle it's about the way people
treat you and where you feel treated in the way that just your life in general
so this idea they can build 70 thousand miles of metro rail and they can build 50 thousand
more shopping malls 40 times bigger than the freaking eat and sitar in downtown Toronto is
if that has something to do with it that that that's not what makes a city
but you know just the one line i mean period about the sarcasm at the end which my ratings are not
going down the tube i hate to breathe the news to you here
how about all the bombs and homeless in downtown Miami i don't know because that's what i think
i go to the a panties plate and by the way since the panthers were when they were playing i went
to every home game when i was in town i went to every home game at the old Miami arena
how do you like that and driving out of there by the way was no picnic speaking of what you're talking
what i'm saying well there you go but my name is become the most dynamic city in the world
i got news for it and put you guys in there with with the butterfly nets and the rubber rubber raincoats
they're after you man they'll be after you real quick man if they find you
you'll be in a white suit you'll be in a zoo suit in a rubber room in five minutes if they find you
after right in crap like that the most dynamic city in the world
yeah but you know to each and so on oh wait a minute is this another one
i don't understand this who well i'm getting faxes now is Miguel and their writing stuff on here
no he's just sitting in there sending you faxes oh oh here's Jimmy Sifil is his sports director
of channel 10 well not only that but channel 10's got to bug up the rescue's made it sold
the stuff it on it um sports show of theirs when they told him what kind of beer he ought to be drink it
nobody does the matter over kind of very true that that's exactly right so we told him the stuff
it's so channel 10 of course is going to build up the other guys just like they Harold is building
up the other guys because they got Greg Cotex and they'll have basket on their payroll over there
so that's like a big surprise like you know one thing i've told you before you can i've been in
this market for 30 30 long years okay you can't talk yourself into ratings okay either you've
got him or you don't got him and you can seven ninety me from now until the cows come home
they haven't got squat you couldn't find their audience with a damn compass at a road map
you know Jimmy Sifil is just half it's to be the sports writer by the way
uh they're losing three and a half million dollars net is what's going to be the loss
the first year under dolphin broadcast god only knows how much more they're going to lose next year
so they can give you a big star in the dance and live of the south floor of business here and
we'll tell you how much money they made and they're doing it they're losing their ass just like
at least we didn't it we're losing their ass on the freaking marlins who are coming up at one
forty five by the way see we don't have to lie about six stuff when the ratings come out and I go
through that whole list i don't make them up i don't i don't try to talk myself in oh look at
this we got a forty two share yeah well how can you do that how can do that with anybody who's
you know wants to go online can eventually get the numbers i mean right there in black white and
pink but thanks for listening religiously though man i'm glad you're i'm glad you're a happy
camper man it's you know not everything is that we all have different tastes if downtown my
miss for you i'm delighted it ain't for me dr i don't feel it in david county
even magelle didn't magelle get out of the county yeah he did even magelle who's a professional
cuban even though he's never been to Cuba even he who's obsessed with anything having to do with
Cuba including cigars he don't live in my a david county anymore even that little spict
George lives in hollywood now last time i checked that's in brower county not a david county
anywhere near downtown my amie so i just i just mentioned that you know try to single me out
because i'm obsolete not a touch hey you know something more power to you i hope wonderful thing
happened because there are a lot of nice people in south florida deserve that something good
happened for them finally like maybe get out of there would be the best thing that would happen
is there is there a week that goes by that we don't hear from people and tell us that they're
finally getting hell out how about the guy to call before the city was gonna go visit sand eagle
for a few days and the only regrettied was that he had to come back how about that guy did i make
that up it's a horrible horrible there is no downtown there is no anything there are just a bunch
of disconnected bedroom towns that's what south florida's all about if the chamber commerce don't
like it too thick and bad i lived there for thirty freaking excruciating years and it sucks
you got your pamper pines and plantation and sunrise in western and you got your hollywood
and you got your my amie and you got your west sweet water and you got tendle and the homes that
all of these things and the judge it's just a big spot coral springs i had left that out because
you lived there once upon a time yeah and and and then nothing none of them have anything to do
with each other it's just one bedroom town after another as a matter of fact when you fly into my
amie or you fly in anywhere for a lot of day and you're you on the approach and you can see as
you're coming over the corner clear day when you come over the coast east coast of florida you can
just see there there's like no end it's just connected all the condos on the ocean it's just
connected one bedroom town here's a del rey and here's deer field here's poppado and here's
four lot of the and then none of my things to do with each other there's no there is no downtown
there is no magnet there's magnets but there's no magnet and if you like it i'm ecstatic for
let me say it again the greatest thing that ever happened in my life was escaping believe me
escaping feel like i like i escaped from alcatraz from death row but matt you know he's he's got
the answers what times your show on by the way matt and what times your date with jimmy 920 votes on
the pool which best describes votes the south Florida residents and see the reason these are
mostly so negatories gotta be my fault right because it's all of the people you know just
agreeing with me that's right you hostile bastard you that's right i'm a hostile man dirty old
bastard dirty old deal d.o. fb dirty old fact bastard 30 we call him yeah brain dead 287
illegal's 132 average 108 a holes 93 boy look at the way that did i take it was climbing or what
93 it's in fourth place it's gonna pass average like they're sitting on their uh metro rail
by the way nobody rides a metro well matt hate to break the news too insane 82 reject 70
ostrich is 50 fine americans 45 losers 45 well losers could be fine americans they just unlucky
like no green memory just unlucky that's giving off the top hostile six anal one schmitt one and nasty none
none yet this is meal right i swear to man this is 560 q a s
a long ripoff little boy
i will stay in my life loving you
fl size
I'm hungry to go to
That's what it's time to head south and bring
All right, I wanna go where the living is
To be there
I'm dying out of here
I have no life
I'm the dead of my life
I'm in a swamp in a lake
Where even we all can have fun
Like my running from me
On those golden waves
I wanna die
I'm in Florida
All right, I wanna die
All right, I wanna go
I wanna stay my life loving you
If I can't work long, we'd go to war
And when it's time to head south and bring
All right, I wanna go where the living is
To be there
I wanna die
To be there
I'm in Florida
All right, I'm going to go
I'm in Florida
I'm in Florida
I'm in Florida
I'm in Florida
I'm in Florida
What are you going to do about it?
Do ferry.
Here's a great fact from our buddy Sergio and Hylia.
This is I totally agree with you.
There's nothing dynamic about Miami.
What a moron that mad.
M-O-R-O-N.
When you talk about a dynamic cosmopolitan city, you have to mention Hylia.
Hylia is being rid up there in the top five global cities.
You got it Sergio and that's why everybody is hopping on that metro fail to go out there
to Hylia.
That's why that track is really going big out there in Hylia.
Am I right?
The one with the big palm trees in the Fargo is used to be.
Well used to be.
934 hosts in a poll.
We got a little under an hour.
Oh, better get my music ready for the start of that pregame show.
And what will it be?
Oh, you know what it's going to be.
I didn't go out there and spend like 12 bucks for a thin lizzly so I could just leave
it sitting in the old jewel case.
I don't know about you, but I'm one of those people.
I don't like to complain too much unless I get a chance.
But jewel boxes to me are like, can't they come up with a new way of packaging the CDs
and DVDs too while you're at it?
But CDs is first of all because the Daniels cases fall apart.
You know what I mean?
Doesn't that bug you when that happens?
Yeah, bug you when I hear that song again.
I mean, yeah, yeah.
You want to hear that song?
Come on, mix it up a little.
Play a little Motown or something.
I know you got that around.
You are really.
When's George coming back?
Let me talk to Clara Bell.
Get him in there.
Let's do it on the air about your deal.
I kind of like you over there on the other side of the building.
Now you're on it.
You're okay in small doses.
Let's see, a little Motown.
What do you want to hear that been?
Harper again, do you?
Oh, that's right.
I got the instrumental there.
The flick.
Now it's pretty good.
Where is that thing?
There it is.
You're all band-like, but I'm thinking of the same guy.
Is that okay?
Will I do that?
They'll do it.
Or...
Now, see, I like playing this one because it's like a bed.
It's not really the instrumental, but it's not really like in the room.
What the hell is that?
Oh, there it is.
Assistant bed.
Oh, and we also got this one.
Is that phone ring on the other room?
But there's that million dollar check from Ed McMahon, Wade from Edon Styrs.
I better go answer it.
I don't think I need to answer it.
I know what it is.
It's about my next freebie in Niagara Falls.
You don't like that?
That's the bed from a face solo.
Burn it in there.
It'll eventually get going.
That's why I'm leaving.
Here we go.
It's coming.
See?
Got it?
See, we go with the first one.
Yeah, the flick.
Okay, I'll flick it back to where it was.
5, 6, 7.
Come on.
Let's find out about downtown Miami.
Maybe I'd like to come back to town and live on Brickle.
That would be a good idea.
You get to a lot of this damn conund place.
Get back down there with a real people are, huh?
What are you, what are you chocolate about?
Sure.
Who now wants to be up here with these damn frogs, man?
Although there aren't any frogs anywhere by me.
I don't see any.
If we, one thing about this place, upon a year on Ontario, you get a lot of the shoot to
frogs.
That's what Steven Harper told me.
939 votes.
We need 61 more and we've got almost an hour to do it.
That should be, that should be real easy, shouldn't it?
Sure.
Downtown Miami, the most dynamic cosmopolitan area in the world.
Not just in the US, certainly not just in Florida, in the world, in the universe.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Lunch line.
Yeah, it's not what he's eating the phone.
Come on, we're waiting now.
Let's hear all your response to Matt.
All your people that love Miami, all your people that love that Meturreal, all your people
love that troubled bus.
God, if I'm going to find a city that's going to be dynamic, it'd better have liked the
tram and I'm just a damn man.
That's why I like going there.
Get on the tram.
Get on central station and go all the way down there to whatever that place is, the flower
market.
Okay.
What market do you want, right?
Ride the tram.
All around it, get on that circle tram that goes around the city number 20.
I think they discontinued that.
Somebody QAM, hello?
Up in the air, I was a good one.
Okay.
That's why that met sounds like a brain surgeon, huh?
No.
Rocket scientists.
I was really concerned about our gas prices, but yesterday when I saw on CNN, they showed
a little catch in there that it said, Bush was investigating why the gas prices were so
high.
He's also investigating whether we're no WMVs in Iraq.
That's right.
When I saw that, I just told everyone I was in the gym.
I told all my buddies that said, hey man, now we can't be last.
Everything's going to be fine.
That's right.
You told them all drop the soap and just get ready.
Exactly.
Thanks a lot, Neil.
Good luck, Pally.
I'll see you in that dynamic downtown Miami area, man.
And that big shopping mall.
That would you go when you go like vacation to a big place that had big shopping malls?
Like by my house out there is the sawgrass, you know?
That's the number two tourist attraction in Florida after Disney World.
Isn't that tell you everything you need to know?
Nobody speaks English there.
Not only forget about what they speak, but what is there?
What is there to see if these sawgrass, beside the purple parrot and the dumbass dolphin?
Well, what is it to see out there?
I have no idea.
I watched them build it from my backyard in my prior house there.
I could see them building it in it.
And what is it?
What's the attraction there?
WQAM, hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You're touching right on it, man, about Miami.
I was born in racetrack.
I just can't seem to get out of here.
But, you know, there's a lot of people in the town.
They're all upset.
I get to go fishing a lot, so I get off short.
A lot of people, if you don't get them a water out of here, they really suck.
Because it's a hot and miserable.
If you get out in the nature a little bit, you might have a little bit of time.
But that downtown Miami boy, they're building it so fast that just the other games, you hear
they're not two guys off with a crane.
Yeah, I saw that, yeah.
One of them died.
They shut the whole area down for a moment.
Even though I'm out of track, I did see that.
Just like I saw the Ricky Williams story, even though I don't fit channels in.
Oh, man.
And it was a traffic with a nightmare down there.
What's supposed to save us that goddamn metro room?
Oh, no.
I had it that twice.
I hit it one time.
I hit it one time.
I hit it one time.
I hit it one time.
I hit it one time.
I hit it one time.
I hit it one time.
I hit it one time.
I hit it one time.
I hit it one time.
I hit it one time.
I hit it one time.
I hit it one time.
I hit it one time.
It's Swarge's sick.
How the hell am I going to squawk through four hours?
But that's seap ecosystem.
Man, that stuff, seats right through you.
Do you ever have that sleeping problem?
Not lately.
Don't get fat because when you get fat, you have that seeping problem.
You don't want to get too graphic.
In fact, usually CPI, I think, is the, what was the word again?
Marron, marron.
No, no, no.
That's not a dirty word.
Marron.
It's not...
It means like, say like, marron.
No.
No.
No, no.
Pretty sure it doesn't.
No, no.
you're wrong, Marron.
It's like Archipychia.
It's like, yeah, you're wrong.
You got a dirty mind, man.
There's nothing wrong with Marron.
In fact, Jimmy Marron used to drive a young person Roosevelt
with those purple colors.
Well, Marron.
You are so off-base, man.
You better get with you down with your Italian
because you sure don't know it.
You better go over and see my buddy professor,
a professor or a jack over there
if I even take some Italian lessons.
Well, you laugh.
I'm going to tell you.
You would love it in Rome.
I'm going to tell you.
You have Amsterdam before.
Number one on your list for Rome is number two.
I'm telling you that right now.
No, that's not true.
There's other places that would rather go than Amsterdam.
Then Rome?
Then Amsterdam?
Yes.
Such as Madrid?
No.
No.
I've been there.
Done that.
No.
Did I write?
No.
Oh, well.
What do you want to see in Madrid?
I just want to get up at about 10 o'clock at night, party,
till about 7 in the morning.
No.
Madrid is.
The sterile is the inside of a oxygen tank.
Although this coming from a guy who...
People are a good, nice people.
My friends have said London is one of the best places
you could ever go and you hate it.
I've never been there.
I have a friend who just spent five days in London.
He thought it was pretty good.
It was OK.
Not sensational.
He thought the Brits were just what I think they are.
And it's this stuffy and obnoxious and ridiculous.
And silly, how's it going, mate?
Hey, mate.
Now, that's where the Canadians got that part
of their personality from.
How's it going, eh?
That whole thing came from the British.
And they still can't get the damn Queen off our $20 bill
for Christ's sake.
Get that bitch out of our lives already.
Just turned 80.
She don't look like a day over 100 to Queen.
Well, there's a lot of Queen's here.
1257 at 560 and in London, believe me, there's more than one
Queen in London.
Trust me when I tell you.
Oh, this is on.
This is not a tomb.
It's the one to two hour.
Now, wait a minute.
That doesn't sound like a legal idea to me.
That rejoined?
Oh, yeah.
I'm about.
WQM IME for a lot of nails.
Have we wanted to say?
That's it.
I have strong confidence in Don Rums.
So I hear the voices, but I'm the decided.
And I decide what is best and what best is for Don Rumsfeld
to remain as a secretary of defense.
Ramy's staying here.
I'm not going to jump him.
I don't care what anyone says.
I ain't going to bump him.
You want me to ask him for screwing up our rack.
But I'm going to keep him for staying on my track.
I know I've kept chaining who shoots his own buddies.
I know that New Orleans is still free money.
You say I'm a moron or a free Madonna,
but I'm the commander.
I do what I want.
I'm the decided.
I don't have to face straight.
I don't care what you say.
You're not going to stop me.
I'm the decided.
I'm keeping running.
I want the sad and keep on dividing.
The mind's a final decision.
And Don Rumsfeld is doing a fine job.
What are you going to do about it?
It's a 1.02.
I'm 60 WQM.
We've got 9.63.
We'll have that 1,000 by the bottom of the hour.
You can bet the beast's life on it.
It's kind of interesting when you start
and think about it.
Jimmy Cifalus is the sports director at 10.
Joe Rose is a sports on channel six.
He's the main sports guy.
And so is it surprising that every time
that they want to talk to the pubic out there
about some sports story about its Ricky Martin,
or Ricky Williams, or whoever it is,
that they're at the Hocken with the ticket, right?
And Pumper, they won't take it like Red Code Texan, Daniel
the Bastard with a Harold, right?
Right.
And of course, Barry Jackass, because he's
still got a bug on his ass because Greg Reed wasn't
dating him anymore and cut off his brown bag lunches.
So it's the same thing.
Now we have help.
Every time all these upstarts comes on here,
like that I remember they're like the fan.
What the hell was that 1890 on the AM dial
that went way off the right end of the dial?
17.
Jim Berry and Mortesti's distraught.
And it's on the front page of the Harold Big Story,
Barry Jackass.
Oh my god.
Here's another sports station that
is an IQM.
They still around or what?
And the next thing that was 940 with that 50,000
Watson in the middle of the dial, believe me,
I know that station like the Pome of Your Ass,
because I used to work at WINZ.
That once upon a time was one hell of a radio station.
It ain't no more.
Thanks to Passion and Teap Channel, putting that thing
in the dumper and basically wiping it off the mat.
And they went WRFX.
Remember that Fox Sports and Stu Gods and Stu this
and all this other crap?
How did that do?
That's still on there?
Oh no.
Now it's scared America with your girlfriend.
That's how well I did.
And now the same thing with these fakers
and shakers across the street there with Dennis Collins
and his, you know, leasing the station out.
I'm going to go, much of you guys with some money.
Hey, take all the money they got, Dennis, okay?
Just bleed it out of them.
Just like the dolphins are doing.
Until that goofball can't bleed anymore.
Joel Feinberg, my ass.
Think about it changes name too,
because Dick Feinberg's a good friend of mine
and a good guy over there at Pompato.
He resents the fact that it's as a Joel Feinberg.
No relation by the way, I'm sure that.
Although Dick probably wouldn't mind some of that money.
There everybody, we're going to talk their way into it.
We're going to kick your ass over, show us the,
and forget about show us the money.
They got the money, show us the numbers, okay?
You can't talk your way to numbers.
You can't kind of public
in believing that you're where it's happening.
Because when you listen,
you think we got that stuff on here.
At least I admit it.
At least I'll tell you, we got some crap on here
that I'm humanly degraded by it.
It's unbelievable.
Just wait till I get to the Marlin game today.
You'll hear hours of it.
Man, man, man, man.
Well, man, what is that?
And you talk to Carabelle about it.
He asks like he's, he looked at pickedrified forest,
like he's in suspended animation.
Does he wear suspenders, by the way?
No, he doesn't.
Oh, I'm shocked.
Because he always seems to me like he's in suspended animation.
Oh, we can't do that.
We can't say that.
And Joyce says, you know, like,
but do you like me?
Do you like me so far?
Am I okay?
He's just a friendly guy.
He wants to be loved.
That's all that's so bad.
What's wrong with that?
He wants to be loved.
Wait, is the love?
Yeah, that's right.
Where is the love?
Who did low for this station?
Gregory or Carabelle?
No comment.
973 votes on there.
We got four for Schmidt finally.
14 for hostile.
Two for nasty and one for an-
Annel.
I don't want to say Annel.
One for annel.
Oh, in fact, when you go to Amsterdam
and you check the canals, the canals.
Yeah.
You notice that they all have all year round
and they've all got that same really dirty brown color.
Don't fall into canals.
They get real stone, which you will.
But don't be careful.
Don't go astumbly going to one of them canals.
Okay.
Be kind of a Schmidtie experience.
Speaking of that, according to a poll at the armytimes.com,
a majority of army times, keep that in mind.
A majority of right and response believe
that Don Rumsfeld should resign, according to Ross Story.
This is a good website, Ross Story.
I keep saying that every day and because it is.
At the time of this writing, 2985 readers voted
in the latest army times poll 1889, 63 and a quarter percent
agreed that the US War effort is grounds for Secretary
Rumsfeld to resign.
33% voted no and 100 had no opinion.
There's always going to be a bunch of people.
Oh, whatever the question is, is today really Wednesday?
I don't know.
In a poll, think and surely after reports
of prison abuse at the Abu Ghra'at, the Abu Ghra'at,
prison came out in 2004.
A plurality of readers agreed that Rumsfeld enjoyed
Chiefs of Staff, Chairman General Richard Myers,
should not keep their jobs in line of the allegations.
At the time, 44 and a half percent thought they should both go,
41% said they ought to stay and 7 to 9% said,
just Rumsfeld should go.
The full text of the current question on Rumsfeld
on that website, armytimes.com,
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld has come under fire
in recent weeks from a variety of retired generals,
eight, by the way, who say he ought to resign
for his performance in managing the war in Iraq.
You think the US War effort is grounds for Secretary
Rumsfeld to resign.
63 and a quarter percent say yes, 33 and a third percent,
no one in three and a half percent are like,
boom, boom, boom, boom, like that,
must have been in South Florida.
I'm sorry, Matt.
Oh, five, six, seven, oh five, 60,
Tom five, 60 and leave a rise in Singular, Rylos,
we got 37 minutes, not that we're counting, okay?
Got my clothes on and a moment I had my shoes on.
I was right about that call I checked it during the break.
It's for my lady friend at Fallsview.
Are they giving you a free room or something?
Free room, free meals, what's wrong with that?
You know, I went for years,
I was a bigger schmuck than I am now.
If I could tell you how much I used to plunge out there
in Vegas and never, I was just two nights of a guy,
just an idiot.
Never asked to get comped and meantime,
guys who were losing spending much less than I was
are getting comped beautiful rooms, all our meals
and I'm not gonna plunge in my guts
and spend in that money.
Well, I'm thinking we should do those broadcasts out there
again that I never got to be a part of.
Broadcasts out where?
Then you used to broadcast from Vegas?
No, you're thinking you're confusing me with a humber?
You gotta be free.
Not that fat, am I?
Maybe we should do that, that'd be a good idea.
I don't wanna go to Vegas.
I need you to play the slot.
No, no, I do not.
I do not wanna go to Vegas.
See, I got a town now where if you're a regular at a place
you get to the point where you kinda figure certain things out.
Like the guy that,
a lot of week ago, Sunday there,
they were gummed down early in the morning
and here's the guy playing the wheel of fortune
and he got on the dollar machine
and he gets 500 on the line.
And I said to myself,
that machine didn't pay all day yesterday
and all the time I was down here.
That machine's starting to pay now.
It's gonna be the jackpot machine mine.
And I'm sitting there just out of the corner
where I'm waiting and waiting.
Like the piramas, you know,
like the, like the,
what the hell are those?
The vultures, yeah, that's what I call them.
The vultures that's dead over your shoulder.
Yeah.
Wait for you to lose.
And so I waited for him to get off there.
He got a spin, he got a little more
and then he finally punched the thing that,
they got the ticket.
Thank God, no coins there.
They got, no coins, just the tickets.
Like a real place.
And he took his ticket, he ran,
and I flew over there, man.
I told you this story already.
It's boring, but I put it in a 50 and within five minutes,
I hit 1500 on the line.
Because I got the good machine.
I love that.
Vegas, much more difficult.
Vegas is just more, I don't know,
just too big and too much and too far.
I like Vegas, but it's two day and far.
Why the hell do I want to go to Vegas when,
in fact, I had a friend of mine came up
from down there for that trip a week and a go.
And he said, he wanted to go to Vegas,
they were rather good in Niagara.
Why would you want to fly all the way up there?
It's almost like going to Europe.
If you're going to go to Vegas,
why not go to Amsterdam?
What?
You're comparing the flight to Las Vegas,
the flight to Amsterdam?
The flight was, you know, the pancy.
That's another bad thing about being in Miami,
no matter where you're going,
it's so much longer because it's so far
that peninsula down there,
sticks way down into Caribbean.
And it's like an extra, like from here to Amsterdam,
one flight I made at five hours and 45 minutes.
Really?
From down there, it's like an extra two hours
because you got to fly all the way up north
along the east end and then up and then down.
Up and down, up and down, you know that.
So it's two hours further from South Florida.
It's a schlep.
So I'd hold it, I'd hold it five hours to Vegas
when I can get on a plane and go five and a half hours
and go to Europe.
You know, take a hell of a remote.
What?
How many three tried doing a couple shows from Amsterdam
when Bob and her move put together
at horse ball, the studio over there?
Boy, I tell you.
That's the epitome of easily broadcasting.
It was the half-ass job he did there.
The poor engineer, they hired over there,
he was ready to kill himself by the time for Moodle.
And he leaves and nothing is working.
You know, he just finally got frustrated and left.
I remember trying to, that was back when I wasn't taking calls,
you know, but we had Rimmer call in one day,
see if I could take a call, you know.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Is there hurt?
It's not like he was under the Atlantic.
Not on the line through the Atlantic,
but like he was under it, which is not a bad idea.
Here's one that says, from Jack,
listening online, not able to call you right,
Marona is not a bad word.
It's like Madonna, like Madonna Mia.
It's just the way it's pronounced that sounds there.
We have been listening since the W.I.D. days.
Let it over.
Thank you, Jack.
See, there's Jack, he used to be a stuff like that.
I was in an over-roll.
How do you like that, Matt?
This guy got out.
He said, Marona.
Isn't that a Chevy dealer?
Here's Jose says.
Jose Solomon?
Boy.
I was born and raised in Miami.
I'm glad I got out about five years ago.
Jose, the best thing I ever did.
I was new every day on the web.
Your show kicks serious ass and it's free.
I say, no, the X7 series.
Nice going, Jose.
You provide a free public service and lots of comedy.
Keep up the good work about Miami being a dynamic city.
The people are rude, obnoxious,
the drivers on the roads are unacceptable.
I'm Cuban myself, but I could no longer live in that pile
of cow manure.
Please tell Matt, get his thumb out of his big ass.
PS and rude and obnoxious to the poor.
Love you.
Love you, Jose.
Happy Stuckus.
Nice along ways.
Happy Simhustorath.
Do we want to put rude and obnoxious on there?
Why not?
More choices for the public out there.
Rude and obnoxious.
Two separate ones.
Don't put them together.
Now don't lump them.
And we realize that our listeners are all great.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh.
Right.
Well, some of them, just some of the colors,
tend to be a little bit, but that's true anywhere.
It's just that we have an overabundance of them.
Well, we got $9.99.
Aren't you excited about that?
That means if I refresh it again,
the next vote on the poll could be the thousandth vote.
There it is.
Now, if we only knew who it was, we'd give them a big prize,
but we have no way of knowing, do we?
Here everything it was, we're going to send you a
an imaginary million dollars in cash, okay?
So I have an imaginary good time,
imaginary spending it, right?
Right.
Well, how the hell are we going to know who it was?
But we got a thousand votes, and it's only one 13th.
How do you like that, Matt?
And most of those people are too happy with what's going on.
And in addition to which most of the people on this poll
don't live in downtown, I mean,
and don't want to go to downtown,
I mean, don't want any part of downtown, I mean,
how do you like that?
Schmuck.
Oh, of course, the one nice thing about Miami-Urita
is when you park, you know, if you park out on the street.
I remember I was a valley park twice,
and both times they smashed up my Corvettes twice.
Is that right?
Yes, that's true story.
Well, not real bad, just enough to get you aggravated.
Well, it's a little safer than parking, you know, regular.
Yeah, but when you park out on the street,
then you walk past some real savory people there
on the streets, surrounding the Irrina,
the old white elephant Irrina.
And then of course, the good part of it is
it's only a block from the Camilla's house.
That's a good part.
114 at 560 WQM, but then again,
that's in a long, distant past.
I'm out of touch, you know, I mean,
maybe next time I'm down there,
I'm gonna go to downtown Miami and hang out.
What do you think?
Yeah, sure.
I've been telling you for years to call 1-800 mattress
whenever you need a bed.
They can deliver within a two-hour window
that you pick when it's convenient for you
when your ass is gonna be home.
They have an knowledgeable bedding consultant
that's gonna talk to you and lots more.
Now here's another reason to call.
We wanna congratulate our good friends at Dala mattress
because this week we got a press release
from the New England branch of the Better Business Bureau.
That's where the headquarters are located.
The Better Business Bureau gave out their annual
towards the Vexal and Savards and Dala mattress,
wanted again.
That's the third straight year
that they wanted based on honesty, integrity, ethics,
and all the markets they serve from Maine to Miami,
even downtown Miami.
So there's so many places you can buy a mattress,
but if you wanna get ripped off,
go to those bedding and department stores.
If you want the best price, the best delivery deal,
and the best deal all the way around,
just make that one easy call.
Because when you call 1-800 mattress,
you know you're gonna be talking with a company you can trust.
Choose from Ceeley, Surtis, Simmons, Kingcoil,
Temporpete, Experts, and Foster Hewitt, he can do it.
Check out mattress.com for all the styles and sizes,
do what I've been doing for years,
and all the smartphones in QMR,
doing it in seven or ones not too bright too,
they need an aid card on.
Call the number one choice in bedding, Dala mattress.
Save a lot of gas, don't be slurping all over town.
Just sit there on your fat ass, save the gas,
make them one easy call.
1-800 mattress, 1-800 MATTR ES, leave off the last S
because it stands for Stu Penders Sensational Saving.
This is meal Roger.
This is 5-60 Q-1 solid.
Adjutant,
Swardhole Radio 5-60 WQAM presents
You Broadcast, Zining Amos,
Elvin and Wendy.
I got a pay-ass, honey, you sell me.
What's going on with me on a sale today?
It's another than that principal pipe,
20-month-old!
Why don't we hit this six-low?
Wow, that's a real deal.
I got one with a thought today.
I was a skilled, good thing I'm big and poor.
How did you get out of this?
Wow, the quality was a good amount.
You can see it on the air, look, you're watching.
I was here, I was here.
Okay, let's go.
Wow, you are big and strong.
I'm bigger and stronger than you.
I worked out with my daddy, Wilson, baby.
I'm not big, I'm not big, I'm not big.
What did you ask?
Mercy?
You ain't got nothing on me, pal.
Oh, I thought it was always bad.
Oh, you're going to kick your ass.
As a matter of fact, I got all these acute droppings,
I didn't have time.
I didn't have time, I just didn't figure out what to use these a lot.
I guess I better.
Yeah, let's go.
Wait a minute, just relax now, I'm getting a little old to be there.
I think your ass.
There you go.
I think your ass.
Right, and then of course there's also.
I'm big and strong.
That's winning, that's winning more tennis.
I'm big and strong.
I'm the designer.
Okay, that's enough.
Consider as a few a little rubbed.
I'm going to look forward to it.
Yeah, I'm going to be a Mackin' right down his arm,
remember to be tuning in just for those things.
On the Out of Touch near Roger's show here on QM,
where we're 25 minutes away from the Marlon pre-game show.
I can't believe that.
I'm going to order a Cepacola in between my cheek and gum.
You put a little pinch between your cheek and gum.
Right, don't want that to be.
Yeah, ever be around people at Chauk, Chauk, to in Tobacca?
Yeah, I actually have some friends to do it, I don't get it.
Oh, man, that is the nastiest.
And that bad enough, people that smoke the faggots,
you don't get the yellow one and then the brown teeth.
You know, they get progressively darker and darker.
But people, that's a...
Sean, that's something.
You think it might be pepperoni juice drool, but it's not.
Tobacca juice drool.
Oh, brother.
Got that brown drool down the side of their cheek.
Not good.
No.
2014 votes on the pool.
And nasties got four, Schmitz got five.
That's bad.
Now, that's a real shot.
I've not just won, rude one, and Annel has got one.
Annel.
You ever see the area?
How about the Wellend Annel?
I can't say I went in, I recall, the Wellend Canal.
There's real landmark for you.
That's why I get on up here.
I want to see the Wellend Canal.
This guy, oh yeah.
And for the shopping, I've just five-minute people
living in the GTA and a greater Toronto area.
I guarantee there's not one person who lives anywhere near here
because they're the eating center
as a big mall in downtown Toronto.
Do you want to live in sunrise because the, I mean,
I do have to live out there as you know,
but do you want to live in sunrise because the
sawgrass mall is out there?
Oh, what an attraction it is, though.
God.
I mean, I don't know how a capacity like that.
And then, of course, starting this summer,
if you go to a Panther game or an event at the arena,
because there aren't no Panther games in the summertime,
but any event at the arena.
And you park over there at the sawgrass,
they're going to charge you just to walk on a property there
at Allen Cohen's joint.
That's right.
Even though, of course, the people of Broward
are supposed to have something to say about that,
but nevertheless, they're going to charge you just an
entrance fee just for the honor of walking on their property.
That, of course, plus paying admission to go see
whatever you're going to see.
W.A.M., hello.
Hey, I guess speaking to you.
Speaking.
I have a question about three or both.
Yep.
I was thinking, you should make a poll, maybe,
he says, should Neil extend his contract?
Yeah.
What do you think?
I think the answer is no.
No.
And also, what about a, what's this pepperoni juice
he keeps talking about?
Like, I don't know what that is.
Go eat a pizza and you'll find out.
5670560, pound five-six-six-six.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
He was one of those people that we didn't have room for on the poll
because I didn't know how to spell.
Like that.
But I'll figure it out.
I'm going to do my work over the day of coming weekend.
I'll do some research and how you spell.
And then we'll put it on there just for him.
Okay.
What is that pepperoni juice through anyway?
5670560, come on.
We want to hear from all you happy people in downtown Miami, man.
You people are here right now on the old people move.
Tell us how great it is.
Tell us how fantastic it is.
All the attractions that we're all missing,
all of us people like Van Moose to Broward years ago.
I mean, I left Kendall.
I mean, my God, it's going to be like 100 years ago since I got out of there
because even back then the traffic was so congested.
You couldn't drive from your house to like four blocks away.
Yeah, I mean, that's the number one thing
why I would never, ever live in Dade County is the traffic.
The congestion is just insane.
I mean, Broward, especially about 595,
every 10 they build a road in Broward,
it's obsolete before they finish building it.
And 595 can't carry the traffic that it's supposed to,
especially during rush hour, but nevertheless,
Kendall, you couldn't even drive from your house
to the supermarket and back without just a massive sunset
and Kendall driving it, just craziness.
Of course, nobody's speaking English,
but that's beside the point.
See? WQAM, hello.
Hey, what about mine?
You know, WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, I work in downtown Miami a little bit.
Yes.
And I think it's great.
And the reason I think so is because it's basically ghost town.
There's nothing happening down there.
Oh.
Yeah, I lived on Miami Beach.
I gotta say I love Miami Beach,
but I moved to Hollywood for financial reasons.
Yeah.
And I'm seriously considering suicide.
Hollywood, that's a place for dead people.
I don't understand why people like Broward.
I mean, it's all the traffic and idiocy was no-called,
no nothing up here.
No, I would agree with that, but they only like Broward
is compared to Dade.
They don't like Broward so much, you know,
based in general, but compared to Dade, they love it.
Well, Miami Beach or bust, I would say,
but, you know, then you got a pay for it if you want to
it that way.
So what can you do down the way?
No line.
No nothing.
I'll see you downtown.
Okay, so you're right by the Camille South.
I'll be panhandling down there.
5670560, pound 562, they've arrived in Singular.
Wireless lawns, man.
It's paradise.
I know somebody else who said it was paradise.
Don't, don't, don't.
Well, he sure found out.
He took a turn for the worst.
W-D-Q-A-M. Hello.
I'm Neil Godd.
Speaking.
Yeah, I just want to say thanks to him.
I got myself to Flier Wave.
It's one of the best things I ever bought.
I use it every day.
Well, but it's my life.
You guys should put something frozen.
It comes out cooked and...
Yeah, try putting frozen frozen like that in the microwave, right?
Oh, yeah, right.
It can come out of the way.
Oh, that's the best thing I ever bought.
Just a question.
I need to find out the poster.
You guys were pitching.
Yeah, would you ever check our website?
No, I'm not.
Why not?
Don't you have a computer?
Yeah.
Well, why don't you check our website?
Go to...
Come on, don't be that lazy, man.
Okay, I'll check it out.
Nearrodges.com.
And if you go under the pool,
there's a...
I'll be picked up by Josh and really surely looking mood.
And under that is Dreamfield's low-car poster.
Okay.
Okay, it's good to go, man.
It's just like regular poster.
Okay, good luck to you.
I mean, it's not a sponsor rating.
It's better what some of these people...
Well, why would you put it on it?
Because I'm trying to do like a public service, okay?
And I'll make it run of the bowl.
Flier Wave wasn't the public sponsor either, okay?
Try to do something good or right away they're imputing your motives.
Like, I really need the extra cash to take it out of the table for poster.
Oh, god.
Get a life.
Get a life.
But that's typical, you know?
South Florida, everything is like,
gotta be some scam.
Well, what's in it for you?
Not even a box of free poster.
How do you like that?
In my kitchen, I got like two cabinets,
almost full with boxes of that stuff.
And paid for every one, by the way.
And a lot of shipping charts, too.
Shipping up the nose.
Speaking of up the nose, don't forget a lot of gildy after the ball game today.
Get ready for that ball game.
Here we go.
Maybe I can do one of these deals, it's about 15 minutes.
Alright.
I don't think so.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, you don't forget this Saturday,
maybe it's the big moment in South Florida.
It's the highlight.
That should tell you a lot about life in South Florida.
It's QM's NFL Draft Party.
Jimmy Sifilis will not be there.
Joe Rose will not be there.
The juice will not be there.
Stugas will not be there.
Eat your hearts out.
Okay.
A lot of those guys wish they could be there.
They have a Jimmy QA NFL Draft Party with a mad dog, Jim Mandage,
at Hooters and Pembroke Pines.
You're the mad dog, and of course, Daniel LaVastard won't be there either.
You're the mad dog along with Joe Zagaki, well, like I said.
And the big O, he is really rock solid.
For all your draft A coverage, you're the mad dog at Hooters and Pembroke Pines for QM's NFL Draft Party.
This Saturday from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. presented by Heineken.
So when you go to Amsterdam, you'll go to Heineken Brewery.
They have tours every day to give you lots of free samples.
I don't like Heineken.
I like Heineken light.
I think what you really meant to say was you love Heineken.
How light?
You love Heineken.
I want you to say it again.
Love Heineken.
Okay.
Spend a lot of money on this radio station.
We love Heineken.
Anyway, Freddie Heineken was the founder, I guess, of the whatever.
And he built the Euro Hotel Euro.
I think that's an envy.
Big, very expensive hotel.
And there used to be, well, there still is a place called Freddie's pub.
He died a couple of years ago.
Freddie, he's still dead.
But no, you can take a tour there.
In fact, in fact, my second apartment, the one that was unsanitary and the bedrooms were downstairs
with all the big spiders and stuff and cobwebs.
Is that right?
And the bad air, the polluted air.
You can go down and see that.
Somebody QIM, hello?
I'm Chantyla.
I'm the one.
WNQYM, hello?
I'm the McDonald's.
Okay, good.
Two for two.
Let's see if we can go for a clean sweep.
We can strike out like the Marlins.
QIM.
I'm the other one.
Yes, sir.
Get a real phone.
Fine.
It seemed like a lot of these people are fading away.
You know what?
It's the last three.
Bloody Holly is singing not fade away.
Fine.
Come on.
Between now and we got to wait 60 minutes and next to 60 minutes, let's get like one or two
wheel calls on air.
Here's the challenge for you.
560, 560 and pound 560 and leave Verizon's Singular Wireless Line.
WNQYM, hello?
Hello, sir.
How are you this afternoon?
Good.
What happened to that orange Phil Skendriato for Harvey Jr.?
What happened to him?
Whatever happened to him?
Yeah, he was contact with him.
He was a deltona for a while.
Yeah.
We lost contact.
Maybe got rid of him by a Mack truck or something.
It would make George happy.
They ate each other like 40 years ago.
Oh, I don't know what that was all about, but boy, great hate.
I think they really had the hearts to reach each other, but neither one of them could admit it.
That could be it.
They both had that same pasty look.
Okay.
What are you out?
Okay.
How do you like that?
That was Woody doing a...
He had like a...
He had a...
Minus muffler over his mouth.
Could you tell I was him?
No, I couldn't.
I sure couldn't.
And he actually had something to say there.
I mean, almost, you know, as close as ever in history.
Nice going there, Woody.
Maybe you two could join the human race.
I have no life.
WNQYM, hello?
He's Neil McBeat.
No.
Tell George he's a foot guy.
QAM, hello?
Yes, Neil, question.
Yes.
I had four million subscribers, Stern grad.
Have you think came from South Florida?
But third, man!
I haven't got it.
How would I know that?
If you had the guess.
I couldn't possibly guess.
I wouldn't know.
Just give me a number.
Just a number.
I'll say 500,000.
Okay.
That's good.
And?
Thanks.
Okay.
How about three million?
I mean, tell me what you called back and tell me what you want.
You want a high number?
You want a low number?
How about five million?
Seriously, nice to meet you.
They remind me of the guys across the street.
They're talking a big game, but they're losing their ass.
Their stock is in the crapper.
And they pretty much maxed out on that hole.
They only found that most of Howard's people signed up ahead of time.
Or, right, when he first went on.
And now it's kind of like a slow trickle, you know?
Kind of died down a little.
Yeah.
Kind of we need to see.
We need to see.
We need to see.
We need to see.
We need to see.
We need to see.
We need to see.
We need to see.
We need to see.
We need to see.
We need to see.
We need to see.
We need to see.
We need to see.
We need to see.
We need to see.
We need to see.
We need to see.
We need to see.
We need to see.
We need to see.
We need to see.
We need to see.
We need to see.
We need to see.
We need to see.
We need to see.
We need to see.
We need to see.
I'm sure we hope that those guys
will get their hands on them.
The last free domain we have is for you.
The last free domain we have is for you.
The most red story on our website today is matter of fact the
you're not going to like who's taken over the internet.
Oh, boy.
Oh, let's go to Democrats.
Please.
Good luck, Kelly.
Good luck.
Good luck.
See, the only promise that is let's go to Democrats.
It's like the FCC.
The Republicans and Democrats are exactly the same.
They believe in censorship and they, you know, they don't believe in free speech no more.
And let's see, where do we have that, I guess there's the 10 worst corporations I could
start reading that and be in the fifth inning and still be reading.
Where the hell is it, Josh?
Here you go.
Congress is giving away the internet and you won't like who gets it.
It's just too long.
That's the reason I didn't, you know, some of these stories are just too long.
And I can capsulize it for you.
We got 13 minutes, right?
Yes, we do.
We got 13, no, we actually don't.
We got the break.
Like I said, we got nine minutes.
So I think what we'll do is we'll do the break now.
We don't want to like you to fringe that at Marlon time, boy.
So one thing we go like a few seconds over on Geldey time or when Mo was on stuff like
that.
But when the Marlon's around, when we got the sanctity, sanctity of sports on the air,
we don't mess around with that.
That's why we back time with that music.
So just to make sure we don't run over our corporate over, we don't want that to be
the shoulder run over.
In addition to which three hours and 45 minutes of this crap is more than enough.
I'm really pretty well proud of myself.
I just patted myself on the back.
Was that because when I came in this morning and started talking to you, I thought, how
do I go to do four hours a day?
My throat was ill and I was like, I'm just at the ass end of the flu, I guess.
But you just kept telling yourself you're going to be gambling later today and you just
got all better.
No, I just worked my way through it.
Don't you know how that is?
Sometimes you feel like crap and you work your way through it and all of a sudden you
surprise you even yourself.
No?
Oh, sure.
27.2 a Q&A.
Don't forget to stay tuned after the ball game.
We got the power.
Nobody else has got that.
Anyway, we hope you've tried the pizza and pasta, John the Baker's because it's the
best in South Florida.
John the Baker is so good that you're just not going to believe how fantastic the prices
are, very low family prices.
Big portions, everything is hooked fresh to your order.
The best of tiny restaurants, this side of university drive.
And now with two great locations for you to find John the Baker, brand new in the
Sterling Town Center on Sterling Road, just west of Pine Island Cooper City.
And the classic John the Baker and Pembroke Pines, just west of Flamingo Road, the Home Depot
Center on prestigious Pine's Boulevard.
The food is delicious, huge portions like I said of all your favorite home style Italian
Delights, some of the best pizza you've ever had in your life.
And like I also told you, until every day with your low low prices, you can take the whole
family for lunch and dinner and stay well within your budget.
And when you go in the John the Baker or call, be sure to ask for the Neal Deal.
Measure my name or Duff is going to cry like a baby, please.
The Neal Deal, it's a large 60-inch pizza, half dozen garlic rolls, and two fountain coats
only 1475.
Take out or dine in tonight for take out in Pembroke Pines, call 954, 431-435-15, or in Cooper
City it's 954-252-0091.
John's been in town for over 30 years now.
Let me say.
John the Baker.
It makes me feel like me.
And all that time has been serving up unbeatable Italian food.
Pizza, pasta, veal, chicken, parmesan, sausage, and peppers, all your favorite subs.
John the Baker, the best in soft food.
Don't forget, ask for that Neal Deal.
This is Neal Rodgers.
This is 5.16QAM.
Bill, it's queer eye for the soprano guy.
So we should do a little fashion show.
Watch your buddy.
You watch it.
Come take a look at your pitour.
I just can't wait my water.
Oh, that's a roll.
So, I'm going to go get some food.
You can see as side of the sopranos you've never seen.
You can see someone who shared himself and that kind of rough exterior that chipped away.
What's not so loud?
The emotional man.
Excellent.
Watch what happens when Carson and the boys see Tony sopranos firearm.
Oh, dear God, it's huge.
We know, we know.
It's queer eye for the soprano guy.
Don't miss it.
Here's lady.
Here's hers.
Why don't we tell two of QAM anyway we got the evolved game come on pregame in six minutes.
I better read fast, huh?
Read it.
Art.
You are brutal.
Art Broski.
Who the hell is Art Broski anyway?
I don't even say here.
I don't have time to bother with that.
Congress is giving away the Internet and you won't like who gets it.
Congress is going to hand the operation of the Internet over to AT&T Verizon and Comcast.
Democrats are helping and it's a shame.
See, I told that guy.
So don't just blame your Republicans.
They're all a bunch of crooks.
Don't look now, but the House Commerce Committee next Wednesday.
Let's see.
What's the day?
I think that's today is the vote.
Is likely to vote to turn control of the Internet over to AT&T Verizon, Comcast Time Order,
and what's left of the telecommunications industry.
It'll be one of those stories the mainstream media writes about is a little noticed because they haven't covered it.
On the surface it may seem a stretch to think that those companies could control the great wide infinite Internet
after all the incredible diversity of the Internet allowed everything.
Website services of all kinds of existed.
Perfect harmony.
Let me ask you one thing.
I hear voices.
Okay.
Once more, they were all delivered to your screen without any interference by the companies that carried bills to and bits to and fro.
Until recently, they had to.
It was the law.
The telephone companies, which carried all of the web traffic until relatively recently, had to treat all of their calls without giving any Web Shutter service favor treatment over another.
The result was today's Internet, which developed as a result of billions of dollars of investments from the largest Internet company that spent millions on software networking to the one person with a blog who spent a few hundred dollars on a laptop.
The Internet grew into a universal public resource because the telephone and cable company simply transported the bits.
Last fall, however, the FCC, backed by the US Supreme Court, decided that the HeistMe Internet services offered by the cable and telephone companies, didn't fall under that law, the Communications Act.
Out the window went to law that treated everyone equally, now with broadband, were in a new game without rules.
Telephone and cable companies, on 98% of the HeistMe broadband networks to public users to go online for reading news, shopping, listing the music, posting videos, maybe thousands of other users developed for the Internet, but that isn't enough.
They want to control what you read, see, or hear online.
The company said that they'll create premium lanes on the Internet for higher fees and get preferential access to their own services in those who can afford extra charges.
The rest of us will be left to use an inferior version of the Internet.
Admittedly, it hasn't become a problem yet, but to think it won't become one is to ignore a hundred years of history of anti-competitive behavior by the phone companies.
And it was a mere six weeks or so from the time the FCC issued its ill-fated decision to the time when Ed Whitaker, the CEO of then SBC, now AT&T, issued his famous manifesto attacking Google and other websites for using my pipes for free, he said they don't, by the way.
Here's the inside the deal.
Couple of weeks ago, and courageous band of legislators tried to stop the madness in subcommittee, Ed Markey, Rick Bouchet, Anna, Eshu, and Jay Insley, proposes a good language to protect the Internet for their troubles they just got four more votes other than their own.
Just three Democrats, other than the sponsors voted for it, will only one Republican voted for it, when we talk about special interest giveaways, this one will be at the top of the list, and we won't only have Republicans to blame, as we said.
Here we go, that's the bad news, okay? I wonder how much the steaming of his Internet will be in that new movie.
How many times?
How gore in that new movie?
Yeah, in his new movie.
We're going to strap him to a board and prop him up in a plane in the project.
That's why they call it a project, do you ever think about that?
So I told you it was like 48 before, it's 56 degrees, the sun is shining, we're going to be 68 for you in the staff tonight.
I told you that, you believe me, or not.
50 states of perfect, it's like there's a big sign outside my window, it says what a perfect day for wood buying.
About 88 here with humidity behind it.
Keep it.
The staff in downtown Miami worth always 72 in bombing.
Kind of like Iraq, it's always bombing.
