All right, he yells back. Hope you had a great week. Yeah, I did. What'd you do?
Had a real, what do you, what did I do? What, what does that mean? What did I do? I
wasn't on the air. Oh, you know that. I was an eye recall the last weekend, not
this past, but the previous weekend. Kicks some serious ass. Yeah. The three
thousand on the same machine twice. You ever heard that? I don't know. In about
two hours. Well, what do you know? I can barely hear you again. Are we back up to
that old crap again when people touch him when I'd board in there? I think it's
Robert Grieper. I think I think the, how much is it going to cost for a hitman to
take care of his ass? Oh, seriously, you and I can ship in 50% each. All right.
I'll say you a lot more than that. So you didn't travel? Well, I recall it's about
not all that far. Now I was right here having a wonderful week. Sometimes it's
getting any more tennis in there, posh, skiing a while at a board again. I don't
know what the hell's going on. I haven't seen Lani. Now he was in there last week
playing with the board while George was trying to do a show giving like extra
sound effects. Kind of like like that one. Rolling much louder. Oh, listen to that
phone. That was after good. I think we got a technical problem, folks. I'm going
back to you when I recalls and go back to fall view. But they sure treat you great
in those places. You know what? Yeah. You like that place. I love it. Oh, what a
beautiful. I mean, I'll say you're old. It's brand new. Every room overlooks the
falls. It just so they treat you great. Food is sensational. They pick up the tag
for everything. Not this week, but next week I'll be at Caesars in the year. You are,
you're, you know, something I'm on Mars and you're on your ramies. I mean, you're
like on another part of the universe. That's how low they got the level in
there. What, what is, can't we ever get this straight now just one time? Okay? Just
like he said in the Godfather, just this one time. K. L. Let's ask me about my business.
Just one time. Can we get this back to where it's supposed to be again? Who can say? What
the hell is going on there? A technical disaster. By the way, let me give you the rating. It's
the next Monday is the first of May. Yes. Let me give you the end. You're still like
nothing has changed. You're still like in the Twilight Zone. Let me give you the
rating so far. The new regime there. It's that's it. Or if you want to put a decimal
it's 0.0. Yeah. God. These people, you thought the previous regime was bad. These people
are clueless. Clueless. Cold. He's been doing most of the two o'clock shows. Am I, you
assume something from that? I don't know. Nice. You're hoping out. I see, you know, see
your buddy Clarence there. Your protege. I don't want to put it off on your big fat
shoulders, but your protege there. He's the chigger in the wood pile. Clarence. Him and his
buddy Robert are running the joint. And now that's why we get. So we took that pull on
the show and guilty did very poorly as far as who they want to hear to the four. Very poorly.
So that's why we get now that hockey seasons over. They got to stick him in there somewhere.
So we got three days of guilty this week and one day of totem pole bow. Nice. Clarence
before we came in there. I said, well, you know, I'll come back after vacation. Is anything
going on? Not yet. Not yet. In other words, we're still fumbling our way along. It's the
first of May next Monday already. You know, the first of freaking May the year is the year
is like passing us by. Sometimes I feel like life is passing us by. You know what I mean?
Yes. Sometimes I feel myself. I really do.
Sometimes I feel myself. So thank God we got a Marlin Cup game on Wednesday afternoon. We only
get 50 minutes off at the one forty five. The pregame. Or at least that'll preclude. Oh no,
I see he's on after the game. He's everywhere. Man, he's like a disease now. I think pretty
soon that that sound is going to be in our transmitter that yeah. Call up the people at
Ridditz if we can't get the termites out of our transmitter. It's got to be termites making that sound.
So I got to tell you about a really fascinating email. I got not so fascinating, but just
I'm using it a six cents from Joe Bell while I was in middle of my vacation week. I don't know
about you, but when I'm on vacation, I don't want to hear about that place. Unless
unless they sold it and they're going to pay me off, or they'd let it burn to the ground,
something important. You know, other than that, leave me alone on my vacation.
Yep. That's what I'm going to do. I'm going to be on the middle of the week from Joe Bell
to tell me that George's deal, which a norm can't have threatened them with physical punishment,
with like a capital punishment to give them to get off their ass and do something.
George's deal is just about done and they got this and let it be, but it worked right for
them to the first of the year. And then number two, and it was a copy of an email he sent to Norma
Kent. And he said, by the way, we're still very interested in extending Neil's contract.
Now let me just ask you this. I got nearly three years left on the present deal, okay, which
is it seems like an eternity when you get to be this age. Three long pog was years and what
kind of a mental institution would they have to remember? Bellview? Then I could put me in
Bellview and give me like a memory in Kuku's nest. They were given everybody a lobotomies.
I think that's what they would have to give me as a lobotomie if I were to like
re-up for that place based on what I've seen so far. The first few months of this new regime,
well what is this man thinking about? What has he shown us so far? It's almost the first of
me so far that would indicate I don't want to like extend my obligation with them. What has he
shown us? Correct. Well, yeah, that. Now maybe you're seeing something that I'm not, you know, maybe
you know, maybe he can fill me in. You got me? Yeah. Come on, it's got to be something
beside that. We have any had that before. We had that beefo. Well, maybe
Diffo. You know, sometimes I'm thinking Diffo as corny as he is. Maybe he's not all that bad.
Anything rather than Jesus God. So you want to have the naked pictures? I'm guarantee you.
So for the right price would you extend? I beg your pardon? For the right price. I'm going to
tell you they would have to make me an offer that I couldn't refuse. It would have to be so fantastic
with a gigantic signing bonus and paying my rent here and just, I mean, you bring me your limo service
tonight. We're falls every weekend. It's not going to happen. I want to make them an offer.
Yeah, I'm waiting. Sounds like a pretty good deal. What?
Well, yeah, I'm just holding my breath with that type from these teeth bastards.
So they're just they're hanging on to me like, uh, I don't know like what? Just hanging on
tenaciously like, oh geez, we just can't let him slip away. You know, it's pathetic.
But just don't worry about Mo Green. I'm going to make him an offer. He can't refuse. Yeah.
And all of a sudden, he's so mo. Do you know who I am? I'm Mo Green. I made my boat when you
were going out with cheerleader. I was never going out with cheerleader. You just don't come to
Las Vegas and talk to a man like Mo Green like that. Great stuff. Yeah. Oh, it didn't
amazing. I can remember just about every line in there. Bob Lee, who don't ever take sides
like anyone outside the family again. Bob Lee says you can never go wrong quoting the Godfather.
Really? Who the hell is the father? Don't ever take sides with anyone against the family again.
Bob Lee is the host of sports center on Sunday mornings. Oh, I know. That's my face. Yeah.
He's good. He's very good. Oh, if he's not ESPN, he might be okay. Of course, they got everybody on.
Yeah. Now that we had ESPN 2 and 3, well, let me tell you something. I know you don't like,
you hate NBC like poison and rightfully so because of their horse racing abortions. Yeah.
Yeah. Anything with an H. I guess they can't handle because now they're doing a hockey playoff.
Although, oh, I'm doing a much better job in a course TSN and CBC and whatever.
NBC, man, they are clueless. They've got the color guys. Seriously, I'm getting a headache.
It's like they're all like John Davidson. I'm sure you know John Davidson, JD, JD. Yeah.
Yeah. I'm saying that. You know, we getting paid by the word. And now all of them are doing that.
The Clement and all these are. It's like they're doing a running commentary. And whoever's
doing a play by play, they always want to even be there. Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, you know.
And somebody out of the top Chris Cuffberg that when you're broadcasting in America,
nobody wants you to say a gains. Okay. Nobody in America says a gains. Jesus. God, I'll make
Silly enough get with it. A gains. Yeah. To have the. They're clueless, man. NBC, they
must be run by the same. The beesleaves must have their finger in that.
I don't think it's not like I'm worked up today or something. Yeah. Well, I am because I
don't know. Every day we do the crossover. I got to spend the first three minutes screaming
about how I can barely hear you. We never used to have that problem. Everyone was just fine.
Well, they haven't changed the technical people here. No, they just got Lenny Martested and they're
reading the newspaper and putting dial tones on here. I guess you didn't hear about that last
week. No. In the middle of Georgia show, all of a sudden, he's screaming and yelling. And of
course, Lenny can't hear it because he's got the pot turned down. He don't want to hear George
because we're not talking about sports. So we sit in there. We got the pot turned down and
you mean time he punches up a phone call. I'm talking to man. You're protégé. There are
clearance. He is running some kind of a tight ship. Remember the kind of ship Humphrey Bogart ran
in a canine mutiny? Remember that? The only. The only difference is at least Humphrey Bogart had balls.
Okay. They may have been still. They may have been still ones. The least he had some stones.
This is this guy. Oh my god. Talk about an old smoothie. Clarence.
So I saw some good movies while I was on vacation. What'd you say? Maybe you've seen some of these.
Let's see. I haven't seen anything that's in the theaters right now. No, no. These are not real old.
The dreamers were not a burlucci. Yeah. You see that? I haven't. A lot of new that you have?
Have not. Oh. The forgotten would you end more? Yeah. Very strange. But good. She's great.
And although the only thing I don't like about that movie is the DVD. It's got two versions of the ending.
Yeah. I don't like that. I hate that. That seems to be the new deal now. If you didn't like
the first ending, here's another one on there and see if you like this one. That's kind of stupid.
And then also the Cohen brothers. Joel and Marty Cohen. Yep. The man who wasn't there with the
Billy Bob Thurton, Francis McDurman and James Gandalfini, which is a black and white noir film.
All the George said it was too slow for him. It's a great movie. I don't care what George says.
It's great. You see it? I did see that. You didn't like it? I did. Yeah. Oh.
It was slow. I'll grant you that. But it was supposed to be slow because the character, the barber
that he played, that was just his nature. He was slow and Francis McDurman, who's great. She was very
slow. Those are great actors. Oh, yeah. James Gandalfini was pretty fast actually. What? She was
pretty fast actually. No. And he said they hadn't done the sex act in years, what he said.
Remember that at the end there? Yeah. I found out that she was pregnant. I have it.
Yeah. But apparently he said, well, that's because you're married and they were married too, so I guess
it makes sense. And most of the people doing a lot of the sex actor are the ones who aren't married.
The ones who are married. Well, maybe in the beginning there was a lot of it and now they're
at any rate. Those are two are pretty good three good movies. I just mentioned that in passing.
Well, you already saw the man who wasn't there. I'll get the other two. Yeah. The dreamers
lot of nudity in there. Eva Green, if you like Eva Green. I don't know. I like her.
I like her. I like her. I love her. I love her. I love her. I love her. I love her.
Man, oh man. He's not related to Brad Pitt. Man, he is gross. But in the movie, I'm saying
make up those wonders, you know, maybe that's what we need, his little makeup. No. I don't think
they made enough makeup to make us look as an help me. Now, when you're doing those horse
race things, do they like Schmere you with makeup? It depends. If I'm in a studio, they do.
Yeah, but not when you're outside. Not when I'm outside. No, they like you to freeze your ass off
outsides. You give the redness, that rudiness in your cheeks, you know, but it's supposed to be
the cheeks in your face. Right. But if it's cold enough, I guess he can't help it. Well, it wasn't bad.
Oak one last week. Oh, you read it. Yeah. Another one. A week ago. Just a week ago.
Saturday. Yeah. Had the Arkansas Derby. Wait a minute. What's going to must be something going
on this weekend? Because they see on Friday again. I'm looking at the schedule. I want to scream.
Dolphin dials to draft this weekend. Excuse me. I have the actually I'm doing the Derby preview show
on Friday. How much of the Derby is a week from Saturday? Actually, it is. Because it's the first
Saturday in May. Right. Right. Good Derby this year. So that means a week from Friday, we're going to
be talking to Dave Johnson. That's correct. Good. God. You know, how many years we've been doing those
things on the phone? About 30, man. Yeah. At least 20 anyway. I remember one time you put Chelsea
candy on. She's a nice lady. She's not working anymore. Do I see? No, she retired. Now, did
is she her husband Joe Candy was a trainer, right? I want to start with horse racing, huh? Her ex
husband, yes. Yeah, that's what I was going to say. They got divorced. I probably shouldn't
mention. Well, there's a lot of that going around. Divorce? She was very nice. She was good.
So now we go on next Friday. Well, you're entitled. Why the hell not? Screw them, man.
Screw them. Take that money to the bank and just have a great time with it. And you know,
sir, your life, I'm serious. Enjoy every penny of it. I sure as hell, man. I got a whole brand
new attitude, man. Screw them. They suck. Well, guess what movie was on yesterday is speaking of
any ideas? Yeah. Yeah. That was on again. I didn't watch it again. I've seen it 50 times, but
haven't seen it. We know what's on the line. What do you call them? The clamp at the clamp. It's
haven't seen that movie in a long time. Well, watch it again. They'll make you think of them. Yeah.
Going over the fall. Enjoy every dime. Listen, we are already past the first break. So have a great day.
You too. Don't lose the much since the start of the week now. And be sure and catch two to four.
I hear it's going to be simple. They're open tomorrow. Like I said, enjoy this afternoon.
See you. You too. My condolences. Music fresh on the previous programs are those of the host,
guest, and collars. And you not reflect those of the Beasley-Brite Test Group.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm sorry. Agency.
What are you doing? I don't care who you are. You're fearless.
You're a woman. You're like an ex-UZK.
Just two young dude boars. Never leaning on.
A few subpoenas. They forgot in trouble with us all. Now they wish they weren't born.
All right. Watch your necermis. I in our hills.
We prove they're innocent. Now will their lawyers probably will.
Faking their way into the courtroom now.
They had a little more form than the campus allowed is.
No. Just two young dude boars.
We were going from the duplacrosky.
Make sure got out of hand now all over the land. They got their face on TV.
What are you going to do about it?
10, 16, and 5, 60, WQ. I'm happy Monday for 24. George did a fabulous job last night.
I didn't hear one minute of it, but I just wanted to say that.
Even if he didn't. Right. Even if he didn't screw them. That's my new philosophy man.
Screw them. No, no. Seriously. The hell would he?
Just give me the money and everything else get out of my face. That's all.
Just step aside. No more BS. No more songs in advance. No more or emails.
Oh, Joyce is up. Screw Joyce. Okay. Screw her to.
Screw to Beasley. Screw Joe Bell. Screw a Christ. Whatever's name is.
Swartz. Man, oh man. Talk about a haze. Good God.
Is he smoke a corn cob pipe?
Oh, I don't know if he's smoking it. No, he's smoking something.
10, I'll tell you Joe Bell must be smoking something.
We're very interested in extending Neil's contract.
Yes, then this. Okay. Are you a crazy person or what?
God damn it. Absolutely.
I said it 30 years to all my 100.
You know, being a guy can suck. Okay.
gasoline prices were expected to hit $3 down by the start of the summer.
But guess what? They're close to that or even higher in some area right now.
The summer.
The prices won't come down.
Looks like it's going to be $4 this summer. Maybe I don't know.
Summer, summer, summer.
Busy summer driving season.
You're taking a road trip and an SUV. It's going to be an expensive proposition.
I strongly agree.
He's out of control.
How high will he make it?
dramatically higher.
Well, look what time I came along.
I'm trying to get on the shelf.
I'm not letting him.
This place we'd ask without even reading it.
Shut down, my son.
We don't read most of the bills.
You really know what that would entail.
Hey, John, how's your reading?
Really, and made come in.
How's the new that we passed?
Oh, well, the good thing it was slowed down the legislative process.
I couldn't believe that virtually no member of Congress
had read the Patriot Act before voting on it.
So I decided the only patriotic thing to do
was for me to read it to them.
Members of Congress, this is Michael Moore.
I would like to read to you the USA.
Hey, great.
Don't you think I would be a pubic service just to play the audio from Ferdinand
on 11th of the show and that'd be good idea?
That would be.
Wouldn't do it, that would be easy.
What do you mean we're easy?
We know this first, the commercial breaks we'd have to find just the appropriate
spots to have come out of it.
Yeah, that would be okay.
That would be you trekkled you like.
Right behind you.
I'm on a horse with ribs.
We all know you can't secure the homeland on an empty stomach.
And in order to remain secure, everyone needs the sacrifice.
Especially little Patrick Hamilton.
I'm sure each of us has our own personal airport security horror story.
Yeah, kid looks like a terrorist to me is about six months old.
24 after 10 at 5.60 W.D.Q.
I'm happy Monday to eat.
Here's the sad schedule.
Here's the sad news.
Well, these parts of it's really sad.
I can make you cry and get you dry.
Gully again, 2 to 4.
I guarantee you, I bet you're your life on it that he and the Robert Griefer found those naked pictures
in Greg's orifice or took some new ones.
No, I'm then Greg and the Abislies in the Villagot.
Remember that party with screw in?
Oh yeah, I saw that movie.
That's the pivot man.
Gully, 2 to 4 this afternoon.
But we get a lot of Gully man.
Oh, gee, how does Panther and Leaf playoffs come in, aren't it?
Mad Dog get the AAA Macarena for the 630.
And then you got the Marlins on deck where they off to a tremendous stirrer.
What is it? 5 and 11?
Josh, is that correct?
Yeah, on the bottom of the division, I suspect that that is correct.
Which means they're winning a little less than a third of their game.
So I'm thinking like maybe 53 sounds like 53 wins, which would mean a hundred nine will defeats.
Oh, Marlins on deck is 630.
Anybody want to buy a spot center Marlin game?
Anybody like to broadcast the Marlin game is get that Albatross off from around our neck.
Marlins at the Cubs that Wrigley Field 705 and etiquette.
And what a shame it is that they put those lights in several years ago at Wrigley Field.
I remember the first night game, and in fact, they got rained out.
And then they had to do it again the next night.
I see that.
But if they didn't have lights at Wrigley Field,
they'd have to be playing a day game today.
We'd probably get out of here a little bit early,
but we got away to Wednesday for that.
145 on Wednesday, mark it down.
All you loyal listeners.
Got a nice back here from Jim in Southampton, England.
Can you believe that?
Yeah, I got one from him last week.
Woo!
Hey Jim, you bloody maniac.
What's going on, Laddy?
Not everybody.
He called to explain the Oprah episode on South Park.
No, we don't want to get into that.
Okay, they got the B word in there and the A word and the Y'all.
I'll start that when I'm on here.
You do that on your time.
Don't be start all that good on money.
I don't want to get Joyce to first day back.
Hey Joyce.
That's a little raspberry for you, honey.
If I sound like I got a whole different attitude,
believe you me, remember that brand new key by Melanie?
Oh yeah.
I got one.
What's that other song by the new attitude?
What is that?
The Some Stupid Disco song.
Pointer Sisters Are Reef of Franklin or one of those.
Yeah, some of them.
What's the point?
She just died one of the Pointer Sisters last week.
Why do you run vacation?
June, yeah.
June, maybe you had a pointer in the right direction now.
Like up instead of down.
A pointer right up to the sky.
They're up there in heaven now.
Looking down.
Why do people say such crap?
Doesn't that aggravate you?
Yeah, but they may be.
Yeah, you get used to it after one,
but it's still a little bit aggravating.
Oh, he's up there now watching you.
And I didn't have nobody up there watching anybody.
Okay, when you're dead, you in a box.
You got no eyes to watch anybody.
You got no heart.
You got no brain.
Everybody, even Louis Armstrong,
who that song, I ain't got nobody.
And why do you always have that hanky to wipe the perspiration
of his forehead?
Because he sweat a lot.
Very persprications on your part.
Very thousand thirty eight days on your pull from a Friday.
I like this pull.
What's your side of the police car really say?
I voted for the one that won as usual.
Hasseline Horace.
Two twenty seven.
Oh, I know.
And I know what I'm looking for.
What a memory.
I'll find it just second.
Horace.
Can we say that?
You better call up Joyce and see if we can say,
Horace.
Thank you, Horatman.
Horatman.
Horatman, a lot to me.
Two hundred and twenty seven votes for that.
To serve and protect one eighty seven to meet my quota one seventy.
To never be around when you need one one forty six.
We're talking about the police.
We are gods one sixteen to cover my ass.
Right.
Don't fifty nine.
As in Horatman to piss you off.
Fifty eight to eat more donuts.
Forty four and to profile more my minorities.
Thirty one.
There you go.
We love them.
Twenty past ten at five sixty.
WQM.
We got Gellia to keep that in mind.
A case of people hand on your knob at all times.
I've been telling you for years to call one eight hundred
mattress whenever you need a bed.
They can live within any two hour window that you pick.
They have knowledgeable bed and consultants and lots more.
And now here's another reason to call them.
I want to congratulate our friends at Dona McRis because the station
just received a press release from the New England branch of the
Better Business Bureau where the headquarters are located.
The Better Business Bureau gave out their annual
torch of excellence awards and guess what?
Dona McRis wanted again.
This marks three straight years.
They've won it based on the basis of honesty, integrity, ethics,
and all the markets they serve from Maine to Miami.
So there are a lot of places you can buy, Maxris,
but rest assured that when you call one eight hundred
mattress you'll be talking with the company you can trust.
And it really is going to give you the best deal all the way around.
Choose from the ceiling.
Surtos Simmons, King Coral, Temporary, Dexterance, and Foster,
Hewitt, check out macris.com online for all the thousand sizes too.
So to what I've been doing for years and all the smart QMers are
doing called the number one choice and bedding.
The easiest and smartest piece of shopping you could ever do
just make that one easy call for Dona McRis.
One eight hundred MATTRES leave off the last
last, love the last S because it stands for Stupid That's Me.
This is Neil Roger.
What solid this is 5168M.
I'm going to sit down and run.
So I hear the voices, but I'm the Decider and I decide what is best
and what best for Dona Runtfeld to remain as the secretary of the fence.
Rami staying here, I'm not going to dump them.
I don't hear what anyone says.
I ain't going to bump them.
You want me to accent for screwing up my rack,
but I'm going to keep them for staying on my track.
I know I kept Janie who shoots his own buddies.
I know that New Orleans is still free money.
You say I'm a moron or a free Madonna,
but I'm the commander.
I do what I want.
I'm the Decider.
I don't have to face straight.
I don't care what you say.
You're not going to stop me.
I'm the Desirator.
I keep in running.
I will decide and keep on dividing.
The mind's a final decision.
And Don Runtfeld is doing a fine job.
Just like Brownie Brown, man, doing heck of a job.
506 votes on the pool.
I think there's something wrong with our website.
I think we've just frozen.
Yeah, I think there's something wrong with the website.
Huh?
No, I was wondering what that was.
I know what it was.
This is from Furnite.
I know.
You're acting like they killed all these people in the family
and they're all civilians.
And they don't understand why they're not
bringing candy and flowers to the troops.
They should never attack us.
Oh, there we go.
I think this thing is stuck at 506.
I'm sure of it.
This happened just before I went on vacation.
Now that I'm coming, it's like everything else.
I think it's symbolic.
I think it's an omen, as Gregory Peck would say.
Picking up right where we left off.
Nothing has changed.
Yeah, it is.
What?
I still have 506.
Right.
It's been on 506 for like 20 minutes now,
which I don't think is possible.
But then what do I know, Eric?
He's looking at it.
Huh?
He's looking at it.
Which of these is here about least?
NHL playoffs 153.
Sionic could be a hockey team in South Florida.
I've been saying this for years.
You know, it's it's an idiotic.
Well, there's Britain.
He says we have a treasure.
Grab this virus is not alone.
The majority of the American people
trusted the president.
And why shouldn't they?
He had spent the better part of the last year
giving them every reason why we should invade Iraq.
Saddam Hussein has gone to elaborate lengths,
spending enormous sums,
taking great risks to build and keep weapons of national destruction.
Saddam Hussein is determined to get his hands on a nuclear bomb.
Nuclear weapon.
Nuclear weapon.
Nuclear weapon.
Active chemical munitions.
Bunkers.
Mobile production facilities.
We know he's got chemical weapons.
You know, here are all these people dying.
And none of these people are in prison.
I don't understand.
Right.
It just didn't make any sense to me.
And why the American public?
Of course, they got bigger things to worry about.
Like, you know, 65, 70 bucks to fill up their tank with gas.
And thank you very much, Mr. President.
On my first day back from vacation.
I don't want to forget it.
Thank you, Mr. President, for those low gas prices.
Thank you so much.
They went right over there to Iraq and hooked up the
queue.
Right.
506.
This thing is screwed up.
OK.
He's fixed it.
Huh?
He's fixed it.
Well, fix it, Eric.
Come on.
Get with it.
Yes, say, I don't go for this.
You know, you come back from vacation.
I had a great time.
I'm feeling pretty good.
I'm in a good mood.
I want some money.
And everything is the same as it was before.
All as Elvis would say, all F'd up.
I don't think we can play that many more.
Can we do it?
Can we play that one?
No.
No.
Which of these?
We can't play anything.
Although we will be playing prison
for several times today.
Which of these do you care about the least?
NHL playoffs 153.
I mean, fixed.
Thanks, Eric.
I bet that number's going to change.
You'll 523.
You see 156 on the NHL.
The missing chicken in Ruba, 130.
130.
The Marlins 102 shame on you.
We've got a big Marlin games tonight, baby,
against the Cubs at Riggly Field.
The Duke Red case 55.
How come that doesn't have a lot more votes?
Does nobody cares?
No, no.
Which of these do you care about least?
Mm-hmm.
What do you got?
You got to be right up.
Way better choices on there.
The NFL draft, that's this weekend 50.
The new Osama tape 25.
Well, and there's the same old stuff.
Well, it hasn't been verified yet.
And then later on, they all guess what it's him.
And by the way, they talked about the fact
that the audio quality was so much better
than it has been in the past.
Well, he hasn't been very quick.
He's clearly got much better equipment now.
It certainly got better equipment than we got a QAM.
That's for damn sure.
And he doesn't have Lenny Martez in there
opening up the, wouldn't that be something
if Osama made one of those tapes in the middle of it?
You hear Lenny Martez on a phone call?
Wouldn't it surprise me?
Experience what winning is all about.
That would be worth hearing.
And the price of gas only five
because everybody's up in arms.
Thank you again, Mr. President,
for those low gas prices
and for sticking it to the public, okay?
But there's that miracle.
There's that miracle wasn't a coalition of the willing coalition.
But according to one report,
they did offer to send 2,000 monkeys
to help detonate landmines.
There's that's good.
Love them Moroccan, man.
I'd love to see that disillusionment.
What, see them?
Oh, you're monkey dead.
They're the ones in the Netherlands
and they should have covered it.
Huge pipe, my God.
Come here.
Even you never, even you never had a bull at size.
535 votes on a poll.
We finally got that thing fixed.
You see how we have to like slap everybody in the side
and then hit the gift thing going again?
What the hell's going on in that place?
Man.
You only got three years left in your deal.
Don't you want to like our renegotiate
and like, I'll put for another 100 years?
No.
No, I don't think so, Joe.
Go away.
And don't email me while I'm in my vacation, okay?
And they just,
well, it would be the reason.
What are they accomplished in the so far?
It's almost the first of May.
What's the track record of this new regime we got here at QM?
What's the accomplishment?
What's in their resume so far?
Can you name me one thing?
Got rid of milk.
Yeah, and that was supposed to be a good one.
And quite frankly, still stuck in in between two and four.
We still got nothing.
We got Gelney today,
Boa tomorrow, who's a wonderful guy,
but man like,
as exciting as a cigar store engine,
Wednesday we got the Marlon Pregame.
Thank God for the Marlins on Wednesday.
Then Thursday and Friday,
go back to that again,
and of course on Wednesday after the Marlon game,
it's more of that.
Holy moly, holy Toledo is a requiever with
a lot of say.
Let's bring back Rick Weaver's dead body and prop it up in the
chair and there.
I guarantee you get a lot higher numbers than the squeaky one,
guarantee it.
The fans beginning to blow the
who the place elections.
See what I mean?
What a way with words he had.
Mr. Weaver, don't make mistakes.
Three US soldiers were killed yesterday when their vehicle hit a
roadside von Northwest to Baghdad.
That brought the number of American troops killed in the
Iraqi conflict,
Iraqi capillary of the weekend to eight.
2391.
Is the grand total in case you're counting.
That means there will be passing the 2400 number this week
sometime.
Earlier, three explosions just outside the heavily guarded green zone
killed seven Iraqi civilians wounded eight.
It's a bloodbath.
How's your electricity coming?
Got that cranked up?
No.
We're getting a lot of oil out of there.
But other than that,
here's the important stuff.
Okay.
We got a huge pile again.
I'm sure you had some really important things you passed
along last week.
What did you do last week?
Nothing.
Come on, Josh.
What did you do last week?
What was that mean?
We had all the information that everyone needed.
We gave it up twice.
All the information about what?
How did George do last week?
Let's hear it.
We also did anybody see American dreams yet?
With dreams with a Z.
The Battle of Iraq,
the United States,
and our allies have prevailed.
We're going to accept the grace for all those people
who are dying every day.
Other than that,
and the Civil War that's going on.
But other than that,
come on, let's find out from you bastards out there.
Let's tell what a great job George did last week or not.
I understand.
I don't know where to have that.
I hear somebody calling about some emails.
Not, did you get emails or faxes from some hostile bitch?
Yeah.
Yeah.
What was that about?
She had a problem with a whole bunch of things
that we were doing on that short show.
What was it?
Oh, was it choice?
Nobody cares about what you're saying.
I was talking to some inside crap
that we never do here on the show.
She didn't like that.
And I've been saying a bit twice.
And the term,
Are these phones are working?
Are they?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6,
but we're best friends now.
Count, why is that?
Oh, I don't know.
Count 5, 6, 10,
Verizon, Singular,
Why is that?
Just another one.
There's a whiny bitch.
Is it?
You know, that whole,
yeah, I like that.
I don't think these phones
are working either way or off the year.
Or possibly,
I can tell this one.
No, I just did that.
I already punched it up.
Oh,
oh,
oh, we do have a problem.
Yes.
QAM.
You said you have a problem.
Yes, sir.
You asked if anybody had seen American dreams
with a thing.
How was it?
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, don't waste your time.
It's the most
and the specific piece of crap I've seen since it's hard.
Hmm.
Oh, it is disgusting.
I don't know.
The plot made no sense.
Oh,
I don't even know.
The title was just a rip job on Bush.
I was a rip job on American Idol.
It was a rip job on Bush.
And I mean, that part I enjoyed.
But there was a human
or a small, but in the entire film.
I'm scratching off my list.
Oh,
by all please do, you know,
spend your money.
I'll go back to work by and spend my money there.
I don't believe me.
I'll have no problem.
Okay, thanks.
There is a warning.
Don't see American dreams.
And our phones screwed up.
Yeah.
See the story down here.
Yes.
Oh, right.
Yeah, hey, no.
Yeah.
Hey, yeah, Friday, Hank was reading
that you were going to be on a 10 o'clock all morning long
and then George showed up at 10.
I was wondering if you cut your vacation short,
but again, it was the wrong info.
Yes.
Well, that's our specialty here at QAN.
This is Neil Rogers.
This phone's screwed up for a novelty phone.
Stay some stands for nothing.
That's the thing.
I'm going to find a microphone to show it.
I've got it grounded.
The song is going to show it.
Well, can they make love under the sun?
Oh.
There's something like slaps on.
You can kill this conception.
Well, they had a baby.
They made a story.
She's already in all the metadata.
They made a baby.
And my baby.
Life is a hell.
So when they go to crazy, they had a baby.
I was born and raised in the sun to see it.
My dream.
They had a baby.
And they made a story.
They had a baby.
You're talking about a baby.
I'm talking about a baby.
What a great joy.
I guess.
What if I try to see a whole soul?
What if I try to see a whole soul?
And you're going to be dead.
What if I catch a phone?
Or you might break a nail.
What are you going to do about it?
You're fairy.
1048 at 560 WQM.
Our phone, I think, is working out.
I saw a line.
I'm furthering a couple of times there.
Did you really?
It's flickered.
Flickered and flittered.
Yeah, but now it's not working again.
Oh, it was for a second or two.
Let's see.
That must have been a mistake.
QYM.
Oh, there's nobody on that one.
See, I wouldn't even know I'm like punch up all line lines.
Oh, I guess when I waited to do a radio show here at WQM.
I'll do what I surprised.
You could always hit the next button and it will punch up whatever call is ringing.
Oh, and I don't think I ever did that.
How do I do that?
Let's see.
It's hit next and there's something there.
It'll go there.
But it's not.
Then there's nothing there.
There's nothing.
Okay.
Let's do a phone check.
Okay.
560, 705, 60.
Tom 560 and the Verizon and Singular Riders line.
But we're working on it.
What?
We're working on it.
Well, what does that mean?
Well, we got stuff over here.
Twisting wire.
Well, we have to keep working on it.
Okay.
Come on.
Why?
You tell me.
Hey, QYM.
We can't do it.
Okay.
There's any checker on line 9.
So what do you mean they're not working?
I think you're right.
I don't think the I think line 9 is the only one that is working because that's when it's looking.
So you see what I mean?
Look at that.
That's working because it isn't part of those other ones that are all like linked together there.
Like there was progressive machines at the casino.
You know, those progressive machines mine.
No, I don't.
Crank line.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes.
Welcome back.
Thanks.
Did anybody tell you who was on the area yesterday morning from 9 to 11?
On this station?
Uh-huh.
Oh, I can only imagine.
Not Lenny Martez.
Uh-huh.
Evan Cohen.
Was on this station?
On that station.
Is this Mrs. Jim Martz?
I'm serious, Neil.
Yeah.
He was.
Asked somebody.
What does that mean?
How come nobody told me about that?
I don't know.
I can't believe you haven't heard about it.
Well, in other words, we hired him or we just...
He wouldn't say.
Everybody was asked, Colin Sam.
What do you do on 2 a.m.?
And he was real vague.
And he would just change the subject.
What do you want to talk about?
Well, how come if he...
If we got him working, how come we don't have him from 2 to 4?
In four.
Jim Sarni said he's like the resurrection of Christ.
And it is just after Easter.
Well, somebody called and mentioned that there was an opening between 2 and 4 and he just changed the subject.
So maybe there's something going on.
Well, how come he's not on there today?
We don't want no more.
That's a tricky pun.
But how do you know?
How do you know?
Give me an honest answer.
Do you want to hear Jeldie?
No.
Nobody wants your Jeldie.
We took a poll on that.
Even Jeldie's wife don't want to hear Jeldie.
I want her mad dog.
Well, yeah, that's right.
2 to 6.
Oh, racks.
Starting today.
Thanks, sweetheart.
You're the new PD.
Thank you.
Alright, bye bye.
I can hire that nice lady for PD.
I just asked you the weekend schedule to confirm what she has said.
Evan Colin is on with us.
Oh, I've actually Jim Sarni has squeezing himself.
Man, he's probably rubbing his kneecaps together.
Woo!
Wee!
Evan Colin.
Just while we need another Jewish guy.
That's okay.
We won't hold it against you.
I don't know what he looks like yet.
Have you met this guy?
Did you know anything about it?
Never heard of him.
Well, yeah, you do.
He's the guy that Jim Sarni has been pumping and pumping and pumping.
Well, he's pretty sore about it.
You know, I don't hear those words.
It might as well be Chinese.
What?
Well, Jy should know something about it.
He's like on the fringes in that sports crowd on the edges of it.
He has something about what I just got in the room from getting the how he's.
Now we're talking.
He said, how's it going?
You got him trained well.
Good job.
Let's see.
Sunday, April 23rd.
9-11.
Evan Colin.
And then after 11-1, it's Marty Cohen.
Oh no, 11-1.
Look who it is, 11-1.
Just proving that we don't want to like overdo it.
As long as he's a large problem.
Yeah, talking high ball with a crow.
Oh my god.
Seriously, this station is unacceptable and unprofessional.
Other than that, we're dynamite.
Here's our only line that's on the edge.
I'm not working Q-A-M.
No, and I see that's a big bluebird there.
Not even close.
He's a fake Eddie and a fake bluebird.
That guy.
Well, that's Eddie.
Still Eddie.
I'm going to malconfuse him.
I'm getting the bluebird.
I confuse with the gargler.
576 votes on the poll.
Well, we get to that thousand of eggs.
See the poll was screwed up.
The phone is screwed up.
Lenny Martis is in there last week while Zurgers tried to do a show.
Screwing that all up.
Then the crossover with Hank, I can barely hear him.
He sounds like he's on Pluto, which a guy that big shouldn't be on Pluto.
He could probably mount that plan.
Are these so big?
You know what I'm saying?
What he says?
Well, why don't they get the phone faces?
What I'm saying?
Okay?
Q-A-M?
All right.
See, there's somebody on here.
We have no idea.
It's not ringing man.
Can you leave this place?
Yeah, I believe it.
I'll ask in the collar.
I'm not asking you.
I know you can believe it.
Hello.
Hi, Leo.
Yes, sir.
We need a nuke.
I ran before they killed the rest of the Jews.
We need to.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
What?
He said, well, the rest of the Jews are all at Q-A-M-D.
We're worried about it.
Okay?
Nuke, you ran before they killed the rest of the Jews.
The rest of the Jews are in New York and I'm Q-A-M.
Just try to forget about those Israelis.
Okay?
As a matter of fact, now I'm not going to say it.
A man.
A man drove his SUV over a median and baby.
And crashed into an elderly woman's apartment this morning.
I don't like that.
Oh, my God.
This according to the heralds, so it might be true.
It's unclear what caused the driver to lose control of his vehicle about nine o'clock this
morning, cross a median and slam into an apartment belonging to 60, 70-year-old woman said,
baby, far-rest you've been trying to achieve Jorge Gonzalez.
Ooh, another guy whose name ends in Z.
Mm-hmm.
The woman who was home appeared to be unindured, but was taken to Memorial Hospital, uh,
the Imperial Pond City Examiner.
I think that's where my mother died.
I just mentioned that in passing.
By the way, yes, the phone problem is not just us.
In the rest of the studios, they're also not lighting up.
So it's one or it's another Q-A-M problem.
Maybe they didn't pay their bill again.
Or the phone company again.
No, it's the driver had severe injuries with transported to Memorial Regional Hospital in the
Hollywood.
I think that's where my mother died.
I just said that far-rest you're trying to remove the SUV which is lodged in the apartment.
Wow.
Inspectors have deemed the rest of the apartment complex safe.
That's in the Davy.
So settle up your horse and forget about driving that SUV.
And it's a lot cheaper to drive your horse than pump it up with gas, right?
Pump an ethyl all day.
592 votes on the pool, which of these that you care about the least, NHL playoffs, what playoffs?
170.
Missing chicken in Ruba, 156.
What's your name?
Don't tell me.
I don't know what it is.
I don't want to know.
Don't tell me.
156.
The Marlins 110.
I don't want to hear it.
The Duke Rape case 62, what's a racial thing?
There's that woman who is like a long gung ho that flint like the shed so that I could be here
and have a flattening.
And that one, her son died in Iraq.
And all of a sudden she wasn't, she had a whole different altitude.
Remember that?
A her?
Duke Rape case 62, NFL draft 50, and it's this weekend we're going to be covering it with a blanket.
Oh my god, we're going to be all over it like stink on Joyce.
Noosamite, 30.
How many?
About 30, man.
And the price of gas only 6, because needless to say, see you go from the bottom of the top, and that's where they really care about.
In other words, they're whipped up, they're pissed off his hell about the price of gas, and rightfully so.
And now your president is talking like a serious about alternative energy.
Oh yeah, ride.
Let me tell you right now, once those grave robin Saudis get every last nickel, every last penny out of your pocket, then we'll start worrying about the other stuff in about 50 years.
Oh, Dave the cop.
I'm going back on vacation.
Don't do that.
Dave the cop is speaking of W.
The recent Rolling Stone magazine is a great cover story.
Well renowned historians from across the country, rate president George W. Bush, among the bottom of the country's worth presidents, including Harding, Buchanan and Hoover.
Is that pack you can in your jeans?
We posted it by the way.
What?
Their story.
Rolling Stone story.
The arguments are signed to make sure some else didn't read.
Okay, look and go carton, he says, yeah, go far, okay.
Get some of that and do rowers, whatever that is, Andy Stone from what's his name?
What's his name?
Mark McGuire.
Well, Josh ain't going to tell you because he's eating lunch, he's not talking drugs.
He might be doing somebody.
Now let's see, you know, stuff that all I've stuff that went on here this morning, which I can't remember what it was.
Oh, that's right, Chris Jones came in, the sales manager guy would have heavy drawl.
Soon as I hear his voice, you know what I started thinking about?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, I told him his voice started like a bird singing.
It sounded like Ned Bailey up there in the woods, okay?
Sure got a pretty mouth.
At any rate, uh...
So I forgot to make my bacon.
Oh.
That's what I'm off.
Off my feet, literally, figuratively.
And during this break, I'm going to go out and make bacon, so I'm going back inside.
Play along bit, like prison bitch, you know.
I think we have to play prison bitch about four times, top of the hour.
Come on up.
This is Neil Rogers.
Oh, this is 5.16 Q.A.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
What, what, what, what, what solid is this you're bringing?
What?
Any questions?
Resurrections.
No, no, no, no.
Within a code.
It's not possible in plain sight.
The truth is right in front of you.
We'll get it.
In recent years, you'll know that through Jesus was married.
No, he had children and no.
What did the bitchy know?
Jesus had their pet.
Code.
I'm sorry, what?
Jesus, I had a pet to code.
I'm sorry, I still don't, it, uh, sounded like you said he had a...
He's a name, who was a scooter.
Uh, huh.
The defeat she told.
You cannot keep this seat like a bellied.
People must know.
No.
It comes to sin.
It's still alive.
The fictional secret is no longer a secret.
Any more.
Here it is, oh, it hurts.
The defeat she told.
Get a free Jesus, Bible hat, boss, boss, last.
Isn't that the moment Leonardo DiCaprio is Jesus?
Oh, yeah.
Leading Caprio code sounds to me like you're eating highways when guess what?
I like that.
I'm not bacon.
Me too.
Josh shared his order of bacon from now.
We're all eating bacon right now.
And on our pay saw, how do you like that?
And the post-pays saws the train period.
But for your arteries.
Yeah, for the month after, is it really?
No.
Oh, yeah, clog your arteries.
We'll find out.
You know, we'll find out one day when it digs our ass up.
Hmm.
Well, this is really good.
I'll tell you one thing, we eat bacon, you will die.
Right.
And if you don't eat bacon, you're still going to die.
That's straight.
Hmm.
That's crazy.
So eating to piss off those Jews that I was talking about.
The Orthodox.
The real super frum.
The ones that are rocking back and forth.
They're dobbin' in over there.
They're dobbin' in.
Oh, yeah.
I'm a big, like a bunch of crazy people.
Now that I'm eating, I just can't start a nice job, David Lee Roth, by the way.
That was really tough to predict, wasn't it?
Yeah.
Oh, well.
He says, I was booted, talked, it's got to cost somebody.
Oh, look at her, man.
Did you see the picture of that child?
David Lee Roth, you didn't look like he used to, that's for sure.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, looks like an old man with those here.
400-year-old man, right?
It just got canned.
He animated it as well as we go, I'll get to that story.
They're going to go after CBS.
Well, CBS isn't getting sued by everybody.
Steering his sue in him and David Lee growth his sue in him and everybody.
Let's sue him just for the hell of it.
Just on principle.
Oh, now she's upset this, so mama, he's.
It's a gloom, cause quickly gloom to this elevation.
In hopes of seeing the blinds by the...
Karen, should please go for the telecom to sign.
Karen.
You're going to see him no more, cause now he's dead, honey.
Okay, so on your military, Rau Ross is fooled by...
You know, in the beginning of this segment, we're here.
Michael Moore was targeted.
She was going...
Just like that, over and over again.
And now she's going like...
Oh, like that.
Yeah.
16 on a poll, what do you think?
We make a thousand of they or not.
We had a little bit of a pollist in a ruptus for a while there.
Do you think we can do it?
We could.
We're going to go for that thousand of they during the show.
Did you do that last week at all?
Did you get a thousand of them?
No, I didn't try that.
Why not?
Why not?
You don't put them on the night before like I do, right?
You yourself like a little advantage.
No, we also had a couple of problems, but no big things.
You why?
We had a couple of problems getting in on, at all, by the time the show started.
But that's all right, we got over it.
Problems like, what, technical problems on this station?
No, with the website.
You must be hallucinating.
Well, we had that the last day I was on.
We could go Friday.
I noticed the thing, we just stuck there and stuck there.
It's just like I was again today.
Probably Barrick is using that money I sent him for the bandwidth.
He's using that for food instead of paying the bandwidth.
You know, well, this is this bacon is good.
The microwave bacon?
Yeah.
I mean, a perfect batch of microwaved bacon over my vacation.
Use the whole roll of paper towels to stop up the grease.
It came out perfect.
So what happened in North Carolina?
You go up there and eat the meat?
No, I never did go.
I never did go.
I got ahold of junior.
Well, how can you get in touch with Norma then?
He was just dying to get in touch you.
No one made any attempt to call me or email me or anything.
Well, he must be a liar.
Then Norma can't must be lying.
No one rang my home number, cell number or emails.
I get all that email on my phone anyway.
Maybe you're just on his time.
I'm sure you're not.
Oh, I'm glad.
Let's find out how George Day last week, can I have that movie as if this phone works, but I doubt it.
Is this going to go on all day tonight?
I don't know.
They're talking to the phone company.
It's a...
Get out of here.
I don't know.
Company in my ass.
The last time I was...
Wait a minute.
How about a hang show?
Was hang taking calls?
You're asking me?
Well, let's find out.
Let's get ahold of the beaster or somebody.
Grab ahold of the beaster.
They did with Ned Babydron.
All their rooms.
I'm painting.
Yeah.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I'm not going to see these people out here.
Q, I, M.
No, no, no.
Next?
Next, there.
Next doesn't work.
We'll hang up on that guy first.
And now he's next.
And then he's next?
Yeah.
No, I'm doing it.
That means there ain't nobody there.
Oh, there they go.
There's your phone.
Make up to me.
Uh-huh.
Why?
I don't know.
It was him.
I know it was one of the nut jobs by couldn't hear what he said.
Yeah, he faded out before he could hear it.
Oh, oh, oh, he faded out real fast.
Josh has got his hand out of it again.
He's twisting it.
WQIM, Shummy Checker line.
Hello, not there.
See, I can't do four hours like this.
Pushing up all the way.
The one that's to find out if anybody's on there or not.
Bill would make sale.
I beg your pardon?
They're not lighting up anywhere in the building.
The, the talk lines, that is.
Yeah, but what about this morning when Hank was on there?
That was my question.
Shall I ask it again?
Very slowly.
I don't have an answer.
Clearly.
Somebody would come in here and answer the question
if they were listening to the show, but they're not.
Oh, but they're not.
They got the clock turned out,
and they're probably on the phone in the other room.
Unless you're out, that sounds on the bat line.
There it is.
And do you think that Neil wants to extend his contract?
No, yeah.
Do you want to extend your finger?
I've already done that.
I'm both hands.
No extra charge, Joe.
What a, what a clown.
When I told you to clear a bell, that's his name.
He's a clown.
Got a manager.
He's not a, uh, doer.
He's not a, uh, uh, how'd get stopped on guy.
He's a clown guy.
Bill would make sale of sale.
He's a sex toy illegal in South Carolina.
Well, good.
That's where all those farbicin' are going to go away.
We're making a Christian state.
We want to make it a new colony.
And we certainly know that good Christians don't use sex toys.
Oh, disgusting.
Lucy's love shop in Columbia, South Carolina, employee,
wanted to go to SB6.
He was flabbergasted.
Flabbergasted.
Oh, my God.
That South Carolina's legislature is considering outlying sex toys.
But banning the sale of sex toys is actually quite common
in some southern states.
Oh, it's the normal South, man.
You see, you think that because they fought the Civil War
that that changed something?
You be dreaming, baby.
You're in a dream world.
The South Carolina bill proposed by Republican, of course,
Representative Ralph Davenport would make it a felony
to sell the biofellowne to sell devices used primarily
for sexual stimulation and allow law enforcement to see sex toys
from rated businesses.
Well, let me ask you this.
Are they going to go to the supermarkets in South Carolina
and outlaw the sale of cucumbers?
They might.
And the clean.
Aha.
And what else carrots?
Zucchinis.
Carrots.
Oh, God.
Soak any.
Rhymes with weenie.
And teeny bikini.
Who did that song?
Brian Highland.
It's the B.C.
Huh?
It's the yellow, what teeny, uh, polka dot bikini.
Brian Highland.
I think it was kind of cute, but I forget.
Oh, it's big and cute.
So there's another one.
I don't have it.
Listen to me.
Yeah, I'm sure you never saw this because it's much too late.
Yeah.
The whole premise of it.
But still, I think you might like it.
The 24th day.
Okay.
What's on the internet?
I'm in Google.
I'll tell you who's going to tell us about it.
No, really, they're basically the whole movie is two guys.
And one of them, who the ugly one, uh, picks up the other guy in a gay bar
and takes him home and then holds him hostage and comes to find out that five years previous,
the, uh, the kidnapper who was married, uh, had done the same thing and they're going home with the same guy.
And then obviously it made a bad mistake and kind of kind of believed that he contracted the HIV from this guy
and then gave it to his wife who got so the distress and the press that she, uh, ran a light in the car
when she found out her test results and got killed.
Hmm.
The following is I am.
Wow.
So he tied, he ties this guy up and he's got all the chains in a whole deal.
24th day.
Wow.
What the hell is that?
Oh, there it is.
24th day.
One moment, please.
The judge wouldn't like it until he would be embarrassed to watch it.
Well, there's no section.
James Marrageden is Dan.
He's the good looking guy.
I mean, real good.
And then Scott Speedman is Tom.
They got a kidnap.
And he just got, and then of course Dan has a little bit of an accident because he's got him like sitting on a chair and he's actually feeding him.
And he has like an accident in his pants, you know.
And he's going to hold it no more.
Well, you know, when you're going to hold somebody hostage, you have to make, you know,
make them come for bathroom break stuff like that.
Nature doesn't just stop because you got somebody held hostage.
Right.
And then the ending is really bizarre because in the beginning when he ties this guy all up, he takes the blood.
He has a syringeny draws his blood and he goes to a nurse friend of his and has the blood.
Has it in the end?
Of course, it comes back positive.
And the guy is the kid isn't just thing.
Oh, no, blah, blah, blah.
And like that, I think you can enjoy it because the whole movie is basically the two characters and some other people.
But a very little one.
Oh, you know, who else is in it?
I give up.
Oh, damn.
Just a second.
Let me tell you.
Oh, that guy.
No, no, Sophia Vergara.
Really?
Yeah.
Not a big part.
Well, she had some big parts.
Yeah, no.
I think I would like it.
No, I'm serious.
It's pretty intriguing.
Pretty interesting.
Anyway, getting back to South Carolina in those sex toys.
This would be the most terrible thing in the world, Sid Miskyllis, being employed at the Anderson Shop.
That's just flabbergasting.
And we were supposed to be in a free country since when, honey, and we're supposed to be adults who can decide what we want to do and don't want to do in the privacy of our own home.
Is what?
When did that start?
I must have missed a memo.
That's right.
Ms. Gillespie, for an answer, she's worked in the store for nearly plenty years and has seen people from every walk of life, including every Sunday church goers.
People who go every single Sunday, they go right from church to the adult, the toy shop.
I know of multiple marriages that sex toys have sold because some people need that.
Do you understand that sentence?
Yes.
Multiple marriages that sex toys have sold?
Oh, no, that's a grammatically.
The people are writing us, the adult novelty industry is so hard, they're probably at home buying it.
Sex toys and novelties on the internet, it's ridiculous, she says.
The measure with that sex toys is the states of Cindy Bloss, which already prohibit the dissemination and advertisement of obscene materials like zucchini's.
People convicted under obscenity, laws face up to five years in prison, $10,000, or finance.
Certainly, Oscar Myers now welcome himself to Carolina.
South Carolina law borrows from 1973 US Supreme Court ruling to define obscene as something,
oh yeah, we sure know this in this business, contemporary lacking contemporary community standards determined as apparently offensive sexual conduct, which lacks serious literary artistic political scientific value, contemporary community standards, which of course almost always decided, especially in South Florida by one person.
Sugar and spice manager Pat Irons says a proposal while all the sale of sex toys in South Carolina is outrageous.
While that imports proposal is probably aimed at shutting down ex-rated adult bookstores, Ms. Irons said it hurts customers of couples or industry, such as her West Columbia shop, which sells everything from lingerie to bridal shower novelties to allotions.
Probably the kind of lotion that very bonds used on his dish mirror it, even though there was nothing bad in it.
You finally hear this first homework of the season because he's not doing them.
Roy's not so not hitting too well. Yeah, just wait. Now I'm waiting.
I'm waiting for the asterisk to go next to everything that he ever did.
I should rent five sex toys that is played in the separate room.
Buyers include men and women who need a little help because surgery or medical problems are affecting their marriage.
Ms. Irons said they need a little help from their friends.
We've been selling these sex toys for 27 years. She said Friday, even pastors shop in here.
They sent couples in here. They counsel for marriage problems. It's probably going to hit people like that harder than people realize.
It's going to hit them really hard.
You don't have to have problems to have fun with toys.
A townville sex shop owner questioned the proposals they gave me.
I don't think that would be fair. It's John Terazakis, owner of Paradise in town, in town, in South Carolina.
It's depriving people of their freedom of choice. I don't think the customers would appreciate it very much.
Reverend Davenport is from a Spartan where county didn't return several messages. Freud talked about his bill. Oh, Reverend Davenport.
He just said Republican representative. Now he's a, oh no, not Reverend. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. Represently. No other legislator has yet to sign on as a co-sponsor.
It's passage this year seems unlikely. Kind of like QAM success. Unlikely.
I guess those guys don't even call us on. No, to anybody come in and tell you about that.
How come Clarison tells about that? Because I said nothing has changed.
No, not yet. Not yet. I said, I'm sorry. I was paid. We've got to get a hitman, baby.
I will contribute very mightily, as you know. I made some serious bucks in the fall's view last week ago yesterday.
In fact, we can go this weekend. It's three thousand twice on the same machine. I had a good machine month.
And then I saw I hit five hundred down a Sunday morning on another machine on the line. And as soon as he left it, I was just sitting there salivating waiting.
And I rushed over there. I put in a 50 and within two minutes, I hit fifteen hundred on the line on that machine.
How do you like that? I like it. I like it. What a lot.
So I'd be more than willing. You got Robert Creeper and Clarence.
Make a package deal. A two-bearing area and around. He's that package deal, remember? Yeah.
Those were the days, man. At a real radio. I'd say to one thing, we sure had, we had problems. There's no places perfect.
But that was similar to a real radio station at IOD.
This is like what it is is unacceptable.
Hey, Joe, how's that new contract extension coming? How's the coming, Clara Bell?
You clown. It's 11.50 already. We're getting way past the break.
What's better than staying cool and comfortable all summer long?
And believe me, if you're in South Florida right now and most of you are, summer is already really starting.
How about getting an instant $1,200 cool cash rebate on the world's smartest air conditioner?
The five-star edition of the carrier and finity system.
And to make things even better, you can get this fabulous system from Royce, Aaron Heath.
What have you taken care of? Try county area families for three, count them, three generations.
As a carrier factory authorised, either Royce guarantees your 100% satisfaction and their guarantee is back by carrier,
the people who invented air conditioning in the first place, and have now invented the carrier infinity system.
This one actually performs a daily diagnostic check that adjusts itself for maximum efficiency and speaking of maintaining maximum efficiency.
If you wondered that in your prisoner condition, you'd be sure to join the Royce, Aaron Heath Comfort Club.
Here's how it works.
Twice a year, they inspect and tune up your system.
You'll enjoy a party's same day service if you ever have a problem and 10% off any needed repairs.
All of these things are just 110 bucks a year.
So whether you choose a two-speed infinity system with Puran or piece of mind with a Comfort Club,
either way, make the Royce choice. Call them tool free, I bet you their phones work, call 1-800-377-0075.
1-800-377-0075, come that old Neo-Turkey to call Royce, Aaron Heath.
This is Neo-Rudges. This is 5.62-A-S.
Who the Mundo is so nice, the Melligai's. Please don't tell me now there's a game to run or who you don't know where he's been.
Embarrassing, he never can introduce the game to run or never gonna stop giving it up.
Something like a crime or the turning up to realize one doesn't go behind.
It's 11.21Q, I'm the bacon is really good, I might actually go out and make another batch.
362 votes on the pool, I think this thing is frozen up again. We're having some real issues.
By the way, I went out and asked some questions during the record.
Yeah, and the phones were working for Hank this morning.
Oh, the phones were working for Hank when he was on, talking sports, but now that we're on talking anything but sports all of a sudden, just coincidentally, and now that I come back from vacation to phoning working.
How do you like that? And, yes, the consensus is more.
That Evan Cohen will not be doing 2-4.
What does that mean?
Well, I thought I asked what the chances of that were and apparently there's none to none.
Also, what is he doing? He's 9-2 on Sunday morning, what kind of a job is that?
Fill in part time.
I don't know.
Fill in? I don't know, let me take a look at that schedule. Where the hell did I see it?
Oh, this must be a... Oh, no, this is from this past weekend. He's not on this next weekend.
That was yesterday, but the lady said.
That was yesterday he was on for like two hours.
Now, we're supposed to get excited about that. Let us know when we have like a real broadcaster on here, okay?
As opposed to another one of our squeaky bad boys to substitute some Q&A.
Good God.
Man.
663 votes. Which of these do you care about the least?
The NHL playoffs, 190. How those least do any in it?
No, no.
Poor Pat Quinn, man. We'll see him no more. Not here anyway. How those...my Panther is doing.
No.
Missing chicken, Aruba, 169. Her name is Sally Flewiel.
The Marlins, 127. NFL draft, 68. The Duke raid case, but they're all over that like stink on Joyce's butt.
68. New Osama tape, 35 and a press of gas, only six. Only six people, I guess, must be either millionaires who don't have a car.
Because anybody who has to drive like more than five minutes. And then I see the people in Chicago are driving to...
Where the hell was in Indiana?
Ham and Villar, some...ham and Indiana?
Who?
I don't know.
They're driving all the way over there to save like 20 cents a gallon. Well, if you drive...
Oh, yeah.
It's just stupid.
You're going to waste more in gas money than driving there than you are in what you're going to save.
It's pretty stupid, but desperate. People are desperate. Desperate measures for desperate times, just like here at QAM.
WQAM, hello.
You do go and in Canada.
You better lower your laws, Mr. Fuzuzir, don't. That's the same little Hispanic mumbo.
Any...any any any any any any any any. Yeah.
You called every day last week too.
Oh really?
All the way all the way around. Cool walk.
WQAM, hello.
Now he's probably legal. Let's trace that call and get his asterisk.
Wouldn't be the first time. Don't think you waiting to see. I just can't do this for four hours.
Pudging up hoping that somebody might be there. Of course, my luck he was there, you know.
Yeah.
Even at line 90 working out.
No, I think he's a pretty musical there.
I think that sounds like a winner. I think George has hit the mother load.
Can't...no, we can't do the phone.
And when I want to...what's the analysis? If the full work went hand quiz on all morning long
and it's not working out, what does that mean?
I don't know.
It's sabotage. It's not like to me.
Lenny Martez is in there just coincidentally.
And I can't hear Hank because Robert Creeper's probably got the pot shop almost off.
They're...they're dealing with this man.
And I think George has got the right idea. You want to deal with us?
We'll do the right back. How do you like that?
We'll do the right back. And guess what?
What are you going to do about it?
You fair. Right.
Well said. I couldn't say a bit of myself.
And what better way to start our musical selection?
I think you've got...came up with the right idea.
Let me find a good jingle. Oh, I like this one.
Wonderful WQA.
WAP.
WAP.
The way I sound it.
Just like a real radio station man.
Un-t-alienable.
Go, go, go, go.
Watch solid.
Now I guess you've just got there today.
The world I've gone has ended in a win.
Haven't changed had much to see.
But man, I was still thinking that test of grace.
They were asking if you were around.
Let me ask you. That was the extent of the answer you had about Evan Cohn
as he's not going to be doing two to four?
That we don't think so.
Well, what is he going to be doing?
Is that like one of those stupid, unear auditions? Is that what that was?
Well, there's just the beast and greeper out there.
I couldn't find a clearance. And that's what their take on that whole thing.
The beast and greeper out there while holding court?
They thought like a desk in a hallway now.
The program director, Juniors, is that it?
Holding each other.
Oh, god.
Anybody seen American dreams?
The guy said it sucked.
With the dreams with a Z.
I've got a little clip in there.
I would tend to agree.
It looked really lame to me.
Didn't look as interesting as the dreamers.
No, it's pretty interesting.
I mean, I didn't see it from the very beginning.
So I'm really not sure about the whole plot.
How he met them up. He was a student.
Yeah, it's a great movie.
I have no idea what it's about.
Right.
Well, there's a lot of toys, man.
They're like naked, the three young naked people,
including Eva Green and Michael Pitt, who in that movie,
he looks really good.
I only wish he looked that good in real life.
I thought, eh!
Make a difference.
See, I'm gagging.
It's not the bacon.
It must be just being back on the air.
This is Neil Rogers.
I accept the list is 5.62 AF.
Stop it, Max!
Oh, I can say it.
That's my spiked-tisk-eating lame.
It's where all those weird perverts come from, Kate.
Oh, I can say it.
Oh, they will do with just a recent scene or two.
And make me want to feel, cause they're not sane.
On my spade.
I just want all my friends to visit me.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
I have no life without my spade.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You know what I'd like to keep on being jailfades.
No way for me and touch your own spades.
And I don't understand all the messy things they say.
And I try to complain to fairy-losses.
And all I can do is hide my name, my age and face.
But they can meet everything in traffic or trade.
My spade.
I just want all my friends to visit me.
And I try to complain to fairy-losses.
More and more people here, the most music on travel you can do.
Am 56.
Oh!
Oh!
You fairy.
Oh, yeah.
It's 11.33.27.00 noon at QM where technically totally, I think we'll be in sabotage.
So what do I do?
I don't want to hear it now after the facts.
Okay.
He looks real, Joey and real ugly.
Not that fat, but like, chubby fat-based, Joey, ugly.
We got enough ugly Jews already.
You're out, Evan.
Now what is it?
It's Bell South.
I mean, it's the phone company.
I'm gonna say.
The phone company is sabotaging the Aradishore and WQM.
I want you to go out with a megaphone and announce it to the entire world.
This is the second time I think when you are on vacation one day.
Do we have problems, Josh, one day?
Yeah, we did.
No, maybe that was before you were on vacation.
Remember the last time we had this situation?
Any given day.
Yeah.
Any given day.
That was because they hadn't paid the phone bill yet.
That's right.
That was a measly problem.
That wasn't a Bell South or whoever the hell was running the phone company these days.
That was a problem.
Anyway, here's the facts.
Oh, I bet you George won't send this to you.
I guess what he did.
Another one of these inside facts is, Uncle Neil, let me get this straight.
See, this is somebody who thinks they know something but obviously doesn't.
George is upset because the other day the guys on the station were listening to a show
when the mishapture placed.
But when you ask him if Hank was taking calls on his show, George can't answer you
because he was listening to Hank show.
I know that George won't send this to you, but am I missing something here?
Yeah.
What you're missing is that nobody should have been in the control room,
poaching you around in the first place and opening up a mess and a row of stuff
while we're on a year.
Right.
I don't expect people to listen to this show.
Whether they're listening or not is really the issue.
But an audio hit the note.
In addition to which George and I are confabulating from 8.30 in the morning until 10 o'clock,
so he's done that the opportunity to listen to Hank show.
At least that part of it.
In addition to which we all listen to sports shows anyway.
But that's not a radio person.
The issue is they didn't have the audio up in the control room,
which is the only place that it needs to be up at the party.
That's exactly right so they can hear what was on the ear so they would have known
if they were causing some kind of a problem.
Right.
For example, having a dial tone on the ear, you know, I think I would just leave that on their own.
Right.
Or punching you off, which is what you usually do.
Maybe this could be part of the new QM format.
I mean, they don't seem to be often reluctant to make any kind of change.
It's positive or negative, although that's pretty negative.
Maybe we can just part of a new format.
Anyhow, can you get that dial tone off it?
No, we can't do it.
It's just part of the show now.
Oh.
That's better.
I like that.
Does it even matter?
Now, when does it recording come on?
How long after?
I don't know.
Let's find out.
If you'd like to make a call, please say up.
Is that what she says?
I wonder how long it could take.
I don't know.
Let's just go down there.
And infinite.
Do you think?
I doubt it.
Wow.
I got some good music here.
I would be surprised if some of these lines are loaded up.
QIM.
Neil, I got a very important question for you.
Yeah.
I watched the Godfather all weekend and being a very big Godfather fan,
I happened to miss one thing.
Can I just say, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
It leaves it good.
They think they're always good.
How do you do that?
How do you have that, Rick?
Yeah, I know.
It's a magic.
Neil.
Yeah.
Does Mary Kays, daughter or Apollonia's daughter?
Kays daughter.
Kays daughter, isn't it?
Didn't he, didn't Michael have a daughter?
Didn't have any children by Apollonia?
No, she didn't last that long.
No, she wasn't around Ella.
She was busy driving.
Monday, Saturday, Tuesday.
She was driving a car in an Urna Bomba.
Do you remember how she turned out a car radio in La Bomba
with Richie Bailey on her plan?
I don't think she'd be like that.
I mean, if he didn't even know that.
He ain't no Godfather.
I swear, Josh Cordiswatch Godfather, all three of all we can
over and over and over again.
And yeah, I got to tell you.
I didn't really, I mean, I'm not comparing it to the first two or anything,
but then that's exactly what I said.
It's not like the first two.
I don't know if you're worth it.
Well, worth watching.
I agree with that.
I agree with that.
And so there was a bad acting.
And to me, that didn't overcome the fact that there was some real good stuff in there,
like, Joey, that's a, yeah.
You won't give, I'll take.
You know, that scene in Laundice City.
You mean too bad.
I wonder if the machine's got affected by the chandelier shaking, you know?
Stop and think about that.
Well, the words they came out, they didn't have no slot machines.
I don't think in Laundice City.
Well, maybe I guess they did.
That was a casino, wasn't it?
By the way, don't ever watch that movie in Laundice City.
I'll see the three hours of the worst garbage in your life.
No, I said it bad.
Even the brief glimpse at Susan Srendan's boob.
You could not talk to me.
I can't.
Oh, man, we could have used him when Moa, when Mo made the exit, we could use him for guilty.
Right, guilty?
Well, that didn't take long.
It says rocker-turned-radio host David Lee Roth,
who just turned 147.
Who accepted the no-win task of replacing ratings king Howard Stern in January,
was bounced from the airways Friday after barely two months on the air in New York for the Philadelphia Boston,
and four other markets.
I think they were pigly, wiggly, lobloz, and, uh, windixie.
I was booted to us and it's got a cost somebody brought to the center of his life show
and intimating his lawyers would go after CBS Radio for the full compensation
due from his reported $4 million contract, $4 million bucks for that piece of turret.
The timing of the move was interesting.
It arrived just days before Roth's show, his first show is first arbitraron numbers.
Mm-hmm.
You think the numbers across the street are bad.
Wait till you see these.
Is there the only good to be the only numbers in the book that got like a minus in front of them?
CBS Radio spokeswoman Shavon Harding said the company would have an announcement soon on its plans.
She declared any other comment would not say who would replace the former Van Halen frontman,
on the morning drive times shift this morning, while somebody would probably know,
how would they know?
I don't know.
I could go to FMQB, I'll do that during the break, I'll do that.
Maybe an update.
Roth said he was only told about the syndicated show demise while writing in a car to the WFNY FM studios in Manhattan.
His replacements in a hiring front with Bizarre subplots will be shocked,
Jacques Greg Opie Hughes and Anthony Cumia, currently available only on the six and a half million listeners on XM satellite radio.
Opie and Anthony.
Apparently we can talk about it now so much for keeping a lid on this to Paris said Friday on the show's website.
The Opie and Anthony show be replacing David Lee Roth in several markets on CBS Radio Free FM stations.
Opie and Anthony's syndicated show was yanked from Paris, New York radio in August 2002,
after airing a live account of listeners having sex at St. Patrick's Cathedral.
The company that sounds to do always the same one that just hired them back CBS Radio.
Oh, and by the way, you'll be pleased.
Oh yeah.
Further proof of how strange the Opie and Anthony move is,
Bill Donahue, the tight-lipped Prince teeth the Jackass from the Catholic League,
who demanded the Paris dismissal after the Saint Patrick's scandal, issued a statement wishing to pair well.
Isn't that great?
It's not the approval of the Catholic League.
They've made it clear they regretted the Saint Patrick's stunts at Donahue,
who appeared as a guest on the Paris XM show.
In short, the Catholic League hopes Opie and Anthony have a great one on CBS Radio.
Man, incredible.
Yeah, that's incredible.
In addition to New York, Boston and Philadelphia,
Opie and Anthony reportedly will air in Pittsburgh, Cleveland, West Palm Beach, and Dallas.
What they're doing is switching to a proven-acted Tom Taylor entered the trade publication inside radio.
This is a group with a pedigree.
I would think the stations involved are very happy about this.
Opie and Anthony.
It also puts the parent of slot-long dominated by Stern, who feuded with opening in Anthony for over four years
before leaving for serious.
And it reverses the trend of satellite-looting traditional radio for talent.
It said CBS Radio is reaching out to a satellite radio for syndicated programming.
But it'll be for the boot put about.
So there you go.
And it seems to me like the same old retreads over and over.
You see what I'm saying?
Mm-hmm.
And over again.
Oprah and Anthony.
By the way, speaking of Oprah, what was that...
This is a new Roger.
Excuse me, but I do believe that's just a...
Now there's a hunger in the port of Skate.
And no cheap tool for hell on Skate.
Come on, it's no fear.
What we got afraid of, come on, it's faster.
The worst crippled air can't leave us any higher.
Yes, yes.
The crisis that the most you'll see can't leave us any higher.
Oh, you're gonna drive me to find protein.
Oh.
WQAM.
And you're gone too far, cause you know it don't have it anyway.
That thing starts awfully low, you know what?
Yes it does.
Can I do that over again?
It's only fair.
I'll find a lot of different jingle.
Because I like the way that that...
I don't understand.
I don't understand.
We are wonderful.
WQAM.
In Miami.
This girl.
And you're gone too far.
Cause you know it don't have it anyway.
You want to better?
Much better.
You can rely on the old man's money.
You can drop it.
It's 1147, 13 to 9.
We got Gelldy.
Quick and 20 to 40, we still don't know who's gonna be in there.
We got the revolving dough from 20 to 40.
How long?
How many more months can that go on?
About 30 minutes.
Heavy duty man.
Sick.
So what's the latest with a phone situation?
We're in a holding pattern.
You're holding it?
You know how it is.
They've reported the problem and they're gonna get right on it.
Okay, clean sweep.
What?
No, no, no.
You can't just check only one.
You got to check all nine.
Okay.
That's what Robert Creeper said.
He put a memo on it.
Don't check one.
He said check the eye.
That's what he told me.
724 votes on the pool.
Which of these do you care about?
Oh, and hey, Neil, how about extending that contract?
Another five or ten minutes.
Yeah, I think another five or ten minutes beyond right now sounds good to me.
Which of these do you care about the least?
724 will make that thousand day, I think.
I think we're gonna do a challenge.
Of course.
You do?
I do.
I don't know.
724 NFL NHL playoffs 205.
They wouldn't know Santa was a shark from Mac the Knife.
By the way, you know, the set Kevin Spacey is in a Bobby Daring movie?
Coincidence?
What do you mean by that?
No, I don't know.
What do you mean by that?
No, no, I'm just well-macked in I was Bobby Daring.
No, the shark.
What is that after the Kevin Spacey?
I'm just saying that he was in there because he looks like him quite a bit.
But I don't know.
It's just not the kind of word you'd expect him to play, you know what?
Missing chicken in a row, 188.
Her name was Spacey Wine Ridge.
Natalie.
Natalie Holloway.
There you go.
How about Joe Holloway?
The great harness trainer.
The Marlins on 38.
Nobody cares about the Marlins.
Sorry, David Fampson.
Nobody cares about the Marlins.
They're 5 and 11.
They think.
They think real bad, David.
No stadium for youth, we need.
Duke Rape K. 78.
NFL draft 72.
New Osama tape 37.
And it has been verified.
That's the voice of Osama Yamama who's still alive.
They hit him with no shots and he's still alive.
And the oppressed against Solomon Taysay still sitting there at 6.
Because what kind of a retard wouldn't be whipped up to a frenzy.
So obviously if you go from the bottom up, they're most whipped up to a frenzy about the
oppressed against.
I hope that it's about 6 bucks a gallon by November.
By the time the election comes around.
Order B.
Yeah.
6 bucks a gallon by November.
Or maybe not by November.
But certainly through the, what's this?
Hardly, a group of 8 craters into a school's media room shut the curtains and forced them to watch a porn movie.
Yes, porn.
The latest editor is really mad about this.
He promises to sack the educator if he is indeed forced students to watch naked actors going at it in the sack.
Oh, there's Mrs. Lombard with that righteous look on her face.
I wonder if she and the Russia going at it in the sack, huh?
Talk about a sack with toy.
I guarantee you one thing that'll get attendance up in school.
That'll get a lot better.
U.S. stand up with Iran helps pump up prices.
Bush shouldn't make a hasty move most experts say.
Steaming drivers, furious at $3 a gallon gas can direct the least part of the ranger now at the,
row between the U.S. and Iran as fast as I can, which experts agree helps increase prices by frightening investors.
And there is much anybody can do about it in the short term.
$72 a barrel the other day, a record prices.
And they said that they actually do have some kind of a thing with Iran.
And they cut off the oil supply could go up to like $200 a barrel.
So that's like triple what it is now.
So you figure it out instead of $3 a gallon like nine bucks a gallon.
So if you have like a 16 gallon tank, that's only 144 bucks for a fill-up.
Most of America's options on Iran offer a little promise of lowering prices according to several foreign policy experts.
And some could push them still higher.
Oh my god.
Let's get Jackie Wilson and hire an hire.
But you got that not too old 50s.
You don't kind of get your eyes on.
How about you don't got it Wilson Phillips.
Now you haven't got it.
I think he was dead by then poor Jackie Wilson.
He was good.
I got it.
I got it.
I bet you got it because I know a book of Brian Burnt, me a disc with all that Jackie Wilson stuff.
It's in my pile here somewhere.
And since we're in no hurry today, we can't take any calls because the phone's all screwed up.
I got so many Jackie Wilson, but not higher and higher.
What do you got?
Repetit?
I got this.
What the hell is that?
I don't see a melody.
You'll get it.
I never heard of my life.
It was called night when I was a big hit.
You never heard it.
How about this one?
You better stop.
Yeah!
Maybe these are before your turn.
Follow it around.
Repetit?
Nope.
I don't have that either.
I know that one.
Let's rock some more.
Come on out of here on the fly!
Well, that's great.
You know something I think an honor of the gas prices we probably should play higher and higher.
Oh!
Where'd that come from?
How do you do that?
It's amazing, isn't it?
Let me pull it out of my little bag of magic tricks.
Rhymes you, chicks with...
...picks.
Sticks?
Sticks with tricks.
Oh, right.
Thank you, Mr. President, for those little gas prices.
And thank you, Joe Bell, for their fantastic job you're doing, and putting the pieces of the egg together.
Okay, that's another gas price.
And now let's see.
Night is on here, which I never heard before, and don't want to hear again.
I can't.
This might have been his biggest hit, but you can't.
You think?
I really get the book out, but it's not worth it.
I don't know about it.
My heart is fine, fine.
Lonely kid, Rob.
I'm fine, I'm good.
Here was another man.
He was really good like a son.
What?
What?
You ought to see my baby.
Hold on.
This is a special box.
Oh, you won't believe what's on this disc.
Okay, if nothing else, this will put you on the floor.
I never knew Jackie Wilson was Jewish.
I was a baby.
Oh, my dear, this is a man.
Oh, my God.
I need them more than ever now.
It's your heart out, Al Jolson.
See, and in Jackie Wilson's case, he didn't have to put the black face on like a very parker.
Let's get Al Jolson to the wrong shaman.
Damn it.
And how about, of course, what Jackie Wilson's segment will be complete without him?
I remember that.
And speaking of the magic tricks,
barely here.
Oh, there it is.
How do you like that?
Hey, Bobby, tell another drink, sweetheart.
Now, he was very dissend with D, am I right?
Yes, I think so.
I know some real important crap, man.
Bobby Dara was very dissend with D, he had a real bad booze problem.
I did like one song in his, okay?
I love this song.
I mean, that's the only one I know.
I love it.
I just don't care.
I got the whole book.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
That's my favorite, Bobby Dara.
I do like that song, but I like it beyond the sea better.
What about Anna?
Oh, that's another one.
I was taking the bell.
I was always on the back.
I was out in the middle.
I was out in the middle.
I was out in the middle.
I was out in the middle.
I love it.
I like it.
I love it.
I love it.
This is 5.16 Q.A.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to 1 hour on Q.A.L.
Unmistakably, this is television, that it's that.
What is the message there?
The message is that there are no knowns.
There are things we know that we know.
There are known unknowns.
That is to say, there are things that we now know we don't know.
Strong, bewildering words.
But there are also unknown unknowns.
There are things we do not know we don't know.
Do you understand the words that are coming out of my mouth?
I'm just talking.
Roblox is words.
This has been a presentation of ABC News.
We are hopping in the time machine.
Oh, right.
What's coming on in time?
No.
Here's the golden message from WQ.A.M.
Right now.
Wow.
Toe toe toe toe.
Nice toy up, Mo.
I hit the 12.03 at 5.60 WQ.A.L.
Our phone screwed up.
If you wonder what we are not here, it is a person like a lot of you are really interesting calls.
Because the phone is still a, we have an update on the end.
WQ.A.M.
Hello.
I'm saying that.
I'm punching up the line when I'm saying it.
I know there is not going to be any weather.
Come on.
Let's do a phone check real quick.
5.60.
We don't make the 1000 votes on a pool.
The, um, Gellie is going to be doing the show all the rest of the week talking about the red flag.
Yeah.
NFL drag talk with Gellie Tuesday through Friday from 10 to 4.
If we don't make our 1000 votes and we only got 7.62.
So we got a way to go.
7.63.
They're pouring in by the ones just like the calls on that.
WQ.A.M.
Q.A.M.
Hello.
I don't think they're working at all.
Okay.
We're not surprised.
I have no idea.
We have no way to tell.
WQ.A.M.
Hey, Neil, how are you doing?
Your phone's working now.
Yeah.
Well, uh, yeah.
It doesn't ring though.
So you just, uh, you just, uh, pop up.
You just punched it up, what random was that?
You just punched it up and pray for a voice.
That's right.
Okay.
This one, help you out with your phone check.
Okay.
Thanks, Pallie.
Nice job.
Okay.
There was a guy line five.
Waited down.
Line five worked that time.
This is unacceptable as what it is.
Okay, Joe Bell.
Well, Leo, we're really interested in extending your contract.
I got my footest in it all the way to the tip of your foot.
I can't read it in my move right on in.
What a clown.
Clear a bell.
Who are you?
I'm Crankline.
Hello.
What in the hell is going on down there today?
That's an excellent question.
Geez.
You know, he's got the big four radio checks, you know?
See, he's a Louise.
Well, because the phone screwed up, man, it's another, uh, unusual QM technical problem.
Well, it's amazing how I got through there.
Hey, welcome back, buddy.
Where are you?
You're not going to believe this.
I'm in Belgrade.
Oh, my God.
No wonder you want to get out of there.
Okay.
I'm going to get out fast.
He's in Belgrade.
Whoo.
Couldn't you tell by the sound of the smell?
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
I'm not going to play this game the rest of the day.
You had a good, see, I think, with the music thing, it worked out pretty good for me.
Yeah.
I mean, not all music, then they say, oh, gee, he just playing music.
They've got to be a little bit of a talk show, well, you can't talk to the public when you
can't go home.
And I'm not going to sit here read a bunch of bedtime stories all the way.
I got zillions of really good ones today.
To the FDA says no medical marijuana.
Put that in your pipe and let's get a bit.
I'm so pissed off at Ben Harper, man, because he is so good in the previous...
Oh, what?
Because I was here in the original the other day.
Yeah.
And I was hemming and hauling before when you made that out.
No, you just said you were like Marvin Gaye, better.
You made that outrageous declaration that the Ben Harper is better?
Yes.
I got to agree.
Oh, how do you like that?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, no, he's got so much fall here.
I thought it was a week, you know.
Plus, he was gay.
Doping it out and by comparison, Marvin's done the double.
If you're a deady shot, I'm not sure he wasn't gay.
Kind of like to start out, you know.
Oh, I'd be liking the panicked girl.
She's pretty well in a second.
Oh, I've been to a bunch of high-windows.
Very fast over time.
We can get the blue.
Cause I'm out of school.
You know before.
But it ain't the two of us, I do know I love you more.
It took me by surprise.
I'm her name.
And I'm not the type of guy who gets the face.
I'm the type of guy who gets the face.
I'm the type of guy.
Oh, right.
I'm not the type of guy who gets the face.
I mean, he ain't no Ray Nagan,
but he's, you know, doing a best you can.
Ben Harper is great.
And if you haven't seen a movie, the only thing is his music sucks.
Yeah.
I'm a little Ben Harper CD after I discovered it and saw this movie.
And like you said, his music that he sings is cramped.
Yeah.
Which is sad.
I would, I would pay a thousand dollars for a CD.
Ben Harper and Jonah Osborne do all the Motown hits.
I have to pay a thousand dollars for it.
Okay.
I would borrow it and make a copy.
There you go.
I make you a copy for free because I'm a really white guy, real white.
Standing in a shadows of Motown.
Here's a good flick for you to watch.
Great documentary.
In fact, didn't that win the documentary, the Oscar in 19 in 2002?
Let's say it did.
No, I think it did.
As the best documentary, it's fabulous.
Standing in a shadows of Motown.
Of course, if you're one of those punks that don't know from Motown,
we don't know, no, Ben Gay.
Oh, and just figure out a Ben Gay.
I got some of my shorter.
This, this you'll find a little bit amusing.
All right.
You know, guys that do a lot of computer work and they get carpal tunnel syndrome.
Right.
Because they're like tapping it on it and having some people whose hands hover over radio buttons all day long too.
Right.
Well, because I did that heavy duty Niagara for playing a slot probably too much all weekend and the week you go this weekend.
And for like three or four days there, I had like real bad, the collarbone and my right shoulder.
Sure.
And also the right side of my neck.
All of that was like real sore, you know?
So you think that's what it was?
Yes.
Because I got some Ben Gay and that thing seemed like it's 99% gone.
Just having your arm in one position for too long.
Is that what it is?
Well, maybe you know, go with that because I hear his arm is right there.
So when I'm here, that's the room we're going around town.
And then of course, a Joan Osborne, boy, she is just, now what did you do?
What did you do?
What did you do?
Got it.
What if God is one of us?
What if God's more cannabis?
I'd say the one thing, the FDA says, no to him too.
How do you like that?
Even if it's her medical purposes, how do you like that God?
Huh?
Well, this isn't the one I want to hear.
What is this?
That's total.
That's a total mistake, am I part?
Here she is.
Sorry, sorry, Joan.
And who?
Oh!
Oh!
Eat your heart out.
Whatever your name was.
Who the hell did this?
David Waffen.
See I get my R&G rockin' with some de-temptations.
Right? This is David Waffen, right?
He's from Waffen.
You ain't no Joan Osborne, do you?
That's a beautiful.
That's a beautiful.
I'm in, so when you lose your job,
you're in standin' and God's music on my mind.
Oh!
It becomes more than broken hearted.
Anyway, you'll love that movie if you have a brain,
standing in the shed as a motown.
Thanks again, Stutz.
Thank you for your change, by-life.
Oh, is that the original David Waffen?
Oh.
Was that right?
You were right.
He's roughin'.
It's good, it's a great song.
How come the music's so just the same?
I don't know, must be a commotion, must be those punk brothers.
790 votes, we better get to that 850, real soon, man.
Or it's gonna be Gully with the draft off all week.
10 to 4 on Qion.
I lost this land of growth.
You know what that was?
A squawk up?
No, that was a shack up.
Oh, no.
Yeah, I've done that before.
But you have.
786 votes, we better get to that 800, like I said,
just to give us a little cushion here.
797, we're flying a 797.
Have you ever fly a 777?
No.
One time, just this one time, I did.
Boy, that's some kind of a plane.
The F, the Food and Drug Administration said that Thursday,
well, how come this story is, oh, I see,
that it does not, CNN's a little slow and get around with the news.
Well, that's because this has got nothing to do with those Duke lacrosse players.
The FDA said Thursday does not support the use of marijuana for medical purposes.
The FDA said, in fact, Ricky Williams is pretty upset about that
because even the dolphins can't use it.
The FDA said in the statement that it and other agencies with the HHS had concluded that,
see, there are sometimes, I say things that I think I'm the only person in the world
understands what I'm talking about and that Bob is melody talking about.
Well, you've got that.
They've concluded that no sound scientific studies
support medical use of marijuana for treatment in the US.
In other words, if you're like a broad or you're like a guy,
somewhere outside the US, like Canada, it's okay.
It's good for you.
But not in the USA.
No animal or human data support of the safety or efficacy of marijuana for general medical use.
Number of states have passed by this license,
I'm marijuana use for medical purposes, but the FDA says these measures are inconsistent with efforts
to ensure that medications undergo the rigorous scientific scrutiny of the FDA approval process.
Like Zantak, not Zantak, what is it? Zana, what's the other one?
Zana with a V.
No, with a V.
Viagra?
Viox.
Viox.
The scrutiny of the FDA, like the litamine, for example.
Yeah.
Right.
The statement contradicts the 99 finding from the Institute of Medicine, part of the National Academy of Sciences,
which reported that marijuana's active components are potentially effective in treating nausea,
pain, the anorexia of age-wasting, other symptoms, and should be tested rigorously in clinical or clinical trials.
Bruce Merkin, Director of Communications, for the marijuana policy project, a real pot hit.
It sounds like, said Thursday, if anybody needed proof the FDA has become totally politicized, this is it.
This isn't a scientific statement. It's a political statement, he said.
He, uh, an statement.
A lot of statements.
Merkin said a rabid congressional opponent of the medical marijuana,
represented Mark Suda, Republican of Indiana, asked the FDA to make this statement.
Suda, chairman of the House government, reformed some committee on drug policy,
and said the promotion of medical marijuana is simply a red herring for the legalization marijuana for recreational news.
He's another one I'm right-winged with, he's just, and he's probably got 8,000 sex toys hidden in his closet, okay?
And a blow-up doll of P.W. Herman, right here in T.A. I bet my life on it.
That a big vial of crack.
Right.
And probably 16 bottles of viox on his coffee table.
7.94, we better get to that 800, man, so we can like breathe easy, okay?
7.96, real slow.
Or maybe they want to hear guilty doing drag talk all week.
I'm not joking about that either.
Or drag talk.
Drag talk?
5.6, Sam, we would take some calls, but we can't, okay?
We're supposed to be a talk radio station, and we can't take any calls,
because the phone's all over it, now is this all building wide?
Uh, I don't know.
What about in the main studio?
How could it have worked in Hank's studio this morning, and now it's not?
Is that what you're telling me?
That's what they tell me.
Who's they?
The powers that be.
Why?
The power of the beast.
Not Robert in the beast.
Is that who you're talking about?
I assume that the phones were working the way they were supposed to this morning, and they were.
Tell Robert that only line behind.
Is the only one that's where you think that's just a coincidence?
It must be.
I can smell his fingers in it.
What do they smell like?
RAH-AH!
Dry concepts simply the best carpet cleaning company in the business reminds you that
springtime is arrived.
Clean your windows and doing a little dusting here.
There may give the appearance your home is clean.
You know how that surface cleaning goes, don't you?
I sure do.
But until you clean all the dirt and germ settle deep down in your carpeting,
your furniture, your draper, even in your bedding, it just isn't really clean now.
Is it?
Dry concepts is offering springtime specials to help you with all your spring cleaning,
and they're always just a phone call away.
Don't forget, dry concepts specialize in a poultry cleaning, leather cleaning, draper
cleaning, or a little rug cleaning, water damage restoration, pet odor treatments, and
mattress cleaning to give rid of those nasty, pesky dust mites and lots more.
I've been using them for over 21 years in my home, and I guarantee you they'll do you a fabulous job,
give you a written guaranteed price off front, and you'll want to use them over and over again.
So don't just tap clean your home in the spring call dry concepts.
Today have your home cleaned from top to bottom.
Always show up on time.
Always professional.
Always do a fabulous, unbeatable job at dry concepts.
Call them toll free and date right out of the palm beaches.
1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071 or on the wicked web, it's dryconcepts.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
What's all this?
Is 5.62-8-10.
Hey, that's a good looking guy.
Ladies and gentlemen, if I could offer only one tip for the future.
Act strange, and people will leave you alone.
The rest of my advice has no basis more reliable than my own meandering experience.
Put a slinky round your neck and try to walk downstairs backwards headfirst.
Sit naked in a large bowl of rice crispsies and singing feelings while the kernels go snuck crackle and pop.
Go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your head to the hole where they say how much.
Lick a stranger.
Tell him you're from Bosnia and you're a country to sign a respect.
Take lots of pills, one of them might work.
Occasionally ask a stranger they've heard anything from Lewis.
Be annoying.
During an IRS audit, staple the guy's hand to his desk.
Moon a funeral.
Play Gofetch with a scene I dog while he's working.
Run naked through a mall yelling, kill it bees, kill it bees.
Say the word titty without smiling.
Try to figure out who said Paulie Schorch had star in movies.
Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should work with kids.
Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries and try to make a run for it.
Disappear for great lengths of time.
Try to touch your forehead with your tongue.
It may not work but many women will appreciate the effort.
At a high school reunion tell your old English teacher that your dog's still leaving your home with.
Ask Mark McGuire he'll take a million dollars for one of his books.
Try to find the secret to Caratop success.
Understand your conception was an accident.
That your parents got wasted and wanted a few more laughs before they passed out.
Try not to lose your finger in your nose.
Take a thought costus and toss them on the long next door.
Go on a car trip without costus and force of the stain as car seat.
Try to dribble about costus.
Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness knowing you've done some crap that's really pissed them off.
Wish no to your will to anyone unless you don't like them then screw them around their own.
Realize anyone who says they're completely happy are completely full of crap.
Ask a hell's angel if he's a woman or has he always walked like that.
Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them.
Smith and old lady.
Imagine Gomer Pyle and the gay bar are trying to get lucky.
Do this without laughing.
Find what's left of your innocence.
Understand it.
Embrace it.
Detect it.
And every so often take it out for a nice knife.
Care enough not to care.
Come while you eat.
Act strange and people will leave you alone.
Remember this golden gasser.
Wonderful WQAM.
Enjoy each night.
ばっすぎ一夜
Hey, I'm here to you.
Who else?
Bill Mele, or Bobby Hatfield, or Wrenches Brother Dried, died from a little
a noose problem.
I wonder if he's a rock and roll heaven, you think?
I saw him in the movie.
And maybe he's a radio hell.
This sounds like something from famous people, you know?
Oh, that's it.
You're believing forever, and I've been just so much there.
Oh, rats.
I realize it's right in the middle of lunch hour.
Here's a new diet, OK?
And it'll keep you from eating for our days.
Oh, yeah.
Bobby Sherman, you heard it.
Love his pain.
Could he bowed out a quarter of an ounce of sound?
Oh, man.
Yeah, it's a dream.
Down, all right.
OK, I've got to have a jiggle for the next one.
Well, you're right.
We might just play music.
Let's say he's a whole format.
I mean, we can't take calls because the phone's all screwed up, and I'm not hearing
a damn thing about it.
Are you here?
Most people say, hey, wait a minute.
Please, can I have a previous king over the world?
I got it.
I'm here to play some part.
I'm just just on three noodles.
Now we're talking.
I hear Bobby's out of the land, but I'm here.
The land is squealing pretty loudly.
Three, two, one.
Remember what Apple Lone said, blonde?
You were in the top.
I knew they won't.
OK, here's the fact of Mandy and Miami Beach.
Oh, this is a long and convoluted.
The fact that CBS is good.
Oh, well, can I do this first?
Yeah, I better do it.
Because now it's official.
Dignus from FMQB.
CBS Radio and XM satellite radio.
I entered into an unprecedented agreement that will mark the return of opian Anthony.
Oh, my God.
CBS radio stations in seven major markets.
WFN went on.
This is this crash map.
Seven major markets that include West Palm Beach.
West Palm Beach is not a major market.
OK, you idiots.
It can be whatever you are.
Idiots.
WFN, Y. New York, K.L.I.
Dallas, W.Y.S.P. Philadelphia, WBCN Boston, K.R.K.Z.
in Pittsburgh, W.X.R.K. in Cleveland, and WPBZ.
Isn't that the buzz?
I don't know.
West Palm Beach.
Let's say that.
I think that's the buzz.
Beginning Wednesday of 26, that's the day after tomorrow.
The day after Tuesday, Monday, Saturday.
On to those terms of the agreement, CBS Radio will broadcast a three hour version of the opian Anthony show featuring Greg Opieuse, Anthony Cumia, and Jim Norton.
I'm there, stations from 6 to 9 AM.
This is, you better take notes.
OK.
I'm there, stations from 6 to 9 AM each week, the morning except in Cleveland, where the pro-hour from 3 to 6 p.m.
The three hour program will originate from CBS Radio's WFNY New York studio and be sound-al-cast on XM in an uncensored format, while the CBS Radio version will be FCC friendly.
There will be a lot of f***ing those in there.
ONA will then, in fact, Doug's going to put the headphones on again.
If you're listening on the Palm Beach on that stage, you better be here.
A lot in that show.
ONA, Opie and Anthony will then continue to broadcast from 9 to 11 AM exclusively for XM is more than 6 and I have written in some subscribers, assuming of course that those people are all listening, which they're not.
Live from their current XM studio in New York.
Opie and Anthony will have the option to keep their channel live until noon on XM.
Taking a page from a Stearns book like an endurance contest.
Anything else, Robin?
Previously, the channel automatically caroffered 11 AM.
Not no more. They're going to be on forever till they run out of gas.
As part of the deal, ONA will get back all their bits and material from their days at WWNW.
Opie and Anthony give the dual broadcast a dry run today, making the announcement at 9 AM on both the CBS Radio Wild.
Let's sit on XM. The show was done from Howard Stern's old studio at WFNY.
The first guest to come in and speak with Opie and Anthony was CBS Radio Chairman and CEO Joel Hollander when ONA asked for advice from Hollander.
Hollander's response was, get me ratings as opposed to Joel Bell who would say, get me oxygen.
Also when the studio was XM, EVP, whatever that is, executive vice president, program Eric Logan, who told the duo,
do the same show you've been doing. How undercutting and joking, but not on my ear.
Logan continued, everybody's talking to me, Nishu, how Opie and Anthony are failed.
Oh, look at this, break time already.
Well, I'll give back to that and Andy's facts.
And Africanized killer bees are calling software on that. That's the reason I played that.
Oh, killer bees. Killer bees.
What I know is when the studio plays on that story online, I thought of that bit.
Which is why I pulled it out in the bit too.
29 past noon already. My God, we're getting closer to guilty time.
All the guilty can handle it and then a whole lot more.
Here's a silly question. If you tried to pizza and pasta, John the Baker's yet.
Well, if you have any tasted all the answers, obviously yes.
But if not, what are you waiting for? Because John the Baker is the best Italian restaurant
this side of university drive and out two great locations for you.
The brand new John the Baker and the Sterling Town Center Sterling Road just
vice to Pine Island Cooper City and the classic John the Baker and Pember of Pine,
just vice to Flamingo and the Home Depot Center on Pine's Boulevard.
The food is absolutely outrageously good. Big, big huge portions of all your favorite home style Italian delights.
And some of the best pizza you've ever had in your life.
Plus with John the Baker's low, low prices, you can take the whole family for lunch at dinner
and stay well within your budget. Be sure to ask for the Neil deal.
Please go into the next for the Neil deal because otherwise,
Duff is going to cry like a child.
It's a large 60-inch pizza.
I have a dozen garlic rolls and two fountain coaks all of these things for only 1475.
Take out or dine in tonight. For take out in Pember of Pine's call 9-5-4-4-3-143-15
or Cooper City call 9-5-4-25-2-0-09-1.
Pizza, pasta, veal, chicken, parmesan, sausage, and peppers are your favorite subs.
And lots more at John the Baker the best in South Florida.
This is Neil Roger.
This is 5.62.8.
I want to know.
There's only one thing to end it.
People this poor job.
Any letter has just got a whole lot to do here.
I'm guessing he's been he found a dumb and reverse meant before.
He was stuffing your head with food.
I'd have to keep my talent fresh, you'd under the strength.
I'll cook in competition unlike anything you've ever seen before.
Why me up front of that fire, we have so much.
I'm going to have to go with a help of three master chefs.
I get my picks from 18 cats.
Each celebrity has only 50 minutes to prepare a free course gourmet meal.
I'm looking for something in an after dinner for you guys.
It's one.
It's intense.
I have a ham and a left hand.
Celebrity cooking showdowns.
I'm going to have to go with a little bit of the food.
I'm going to have to go with a little bit of the food.
I'm going to have to go with a little bit of the food.
I'm going to have to go with a little bit of the food.
I'm going to have to go with a little bit of the food.
I'm going to have to go with a little bit of the food.
I'm going to have to go with a little bit of the food.
I'm going to have to go with a little bit of the food.
I'm going to have to go with a little bit of the food.
I'm going to have to go with a little bit of the food.
I'm going to have to go with a little bit of the food.
I'm going to have to go with a little bit of the food.
OK.
I'm going to make this.
I'm going to make this.
I'm going to make this.
Well, let me show you someone.
My brother.
I'm going to play a song.
I'm going to play a song.
I would say that's one of the most underrated songs of all time.
Now that may sound like a strange way to put it.
It's a great song.
Stream, rhymes with...
Train.
Train, love, train, spin.
I love it.
Down the drain, like you were in.
Hey, how's Thorabell doing?
Ah, what a joke.
Anyway, here's the Fashmandy Miami Beach in regard to Oprah and Anthony.
The fact that CBS put them into their morning slot show just how low broadcast radio is sung.
Oh, broadcast radio.
Oh, what about they're also on the XM, see?
Andy.
If you think Gildi doesn't have a voice for radio, just listen to Oprah.
Have you ever heard them?
I've never heard them.
No.
Just that one clip that we saw in the news.
Line in.
During their flap.
I didn't see it.
Even though pathetic is when OP tries to read a news article or reading news articles on the ear, that's so bad.
That's for losers.
He has the reading skills of a 10-year-old constantly breaking his teeth.
Nevertheless, while the show can be contrived at times, it is light years ahead of a pathetic show like Paul and Ron, which isn't saying much.
And I would agree with that.
Also, nice move by QA.
I'm putting Hanks Update guy in front of the Macarena this morning.
Is if anyone's going to be there early in the morning, more than 12 hours before the game, the AAA arena.
I looked out the webcam on the hero and there was also one little tent on the sidewalk, surrounded by emptiness.
Also, it was directly across this reef from where a construction worker fell from the 40th floor of a new building going up last week.
Quite benefiting is the stench of death seems to penetrate QAM, permeate and penetrate.
I would agree with that.
I'm liking to smell it all the way up here.
Clear channel is Randy Rhodes and WYNZ.
Phil Henry and WYNZ.
All they need now is to buy you out, sign unemployed, suds to put everyone on WYNZ to reconstitute the greatest radio station of all time.
Talk about living in the past.
They can syndicate across the country and all the talkstage will be able to compete.
A program, right?
Living in the past, okay?
Okay.
Right.
Sand.
842 votes on the poll.
We're going to get that thousand spider what you were saying.
Josh, did we get it?
What I tell you?
842.
No swetski.
But, uh, yo, don't, don't ease off now.
Keep leaning on it.
Remember Bill Whitters and lean on me?
Mm-hmm.
Right here.
Which, no.
Which of these do you care about at least?
Bill Whitters was like a step away from body golds bro, very depressing music.
Oh, god.
Music to commit suicide by.
There he is.
Bill Whitters.
Lean on it.
Lean on it.
Smack it.
Spank it.
Here we go.
We can hear the riff on it.
Slap it in the side of the haze.
Little spice.
Sand.
It's the riff on.
The renail.
Oh, they re-did this, don't you know?
Who did?
At least once.
Club Newgo.
Never heard of that.
Oh, wait till the drum machine kicks.
Oh, even now I'm starting to get like to open my mouth a little bit.
Look, okay, that's enough.
843 and out NHL playoffs.
They couldn't care less 242.
I wonder if anybody's replaying any of that.
That would really piss off the audience bad.
Oh, you know something I think they are.
They're in commercial break right now.
Just wait.
The missing chicken, a rubah, Natalie Holloway, 212.
See what a great memory I got?
The Marlins 159.
In fact, I think more people know their name than anybody who plays for the Marlins beside
Miguel Cabrera and learning this spell with Don Thrill.
Know anybody else on the team?
No.
The Marlins 159, they don't like you, David.
The Duke Rape case 98.
That should be like way ahead of everything else.
Why should we care about that?
La Crosse players, okay?
I mean, La Crosse players are horny.
What's the big deal?
Whether La Crosse dresses.
Probably.
NFL Draft 77.
They're whipped up on that, baby.
It's coming up this weekend.
Oh, look at this.
Right along the board.
Watch right in this area.
Right in front of the old National Predator net.
Right in front of the old National Predator net.
And suddenly, this series is starting to heat up.
It's hitting up big time.
Now I'll see who's doing this game.
The Frenches are definitely talking about it.
There she is.
Pop, pop, pop, pop.
This is the NBCF in a way, man.
Pop, pop, pop, pop.
The head of the pack is working.
Oh, it's Chris Huffberg again.
A Duke Rape case 98.
NFL Draft 78.
The new Osama tape 46.
And the price of gas only 10.
So, I meant the D.H.
And of course, everybody's a pissed off and fired up.
Thank you, Mr. President, for those low gas prices.
And thank you, Joe Bell, for a fantastic studio
where everything doesn't work.
Me, is I'm a black guy?
Oh, man.
See, he gets you no matter what.
If they cut the phone line, he'd still get on there.
So, he'll be at the window.
They're not doing much.
I'll say to that.
Hi, I'm on the air.
Are you just at you?
Yeah, no, you're not.
Oh, that was it.
Was that it?
I thought that was a lady.
Was that a project?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
How can you tell?
It sounded like a lady.
Well, yeah, it does sound like a lady.
No, I'm serious.
That was a lady.
That was him.
A lady run.
Yeah.
Do it looks like a lady to me?
I could play that.
567.
Now, so we have had no comma.
You probably looked out.
Because some people are going to probably call in and rip you an ass.
You probably know you did a fabulous job last week.
That's what Josh said to me.
He said, you're a fantastic job.
Getting me that check when it came in the mail.
I did.
That's all he cared about.
He couldn't care if he just mumbled for four hours.
I put it in.
Well, that's so much different about that.
855.
I think we really got to show.
We better get to over 900 by the top of the yard.
I don't want to get pushy.
I don't want to push it too much, but never less.
Just to be on the safe side.
Never count your votes before they hatch, before they were in hatch.
Grimes with catch.
How's Joyce doing by the way?
Anybody smell that bitch asleep?
He's doing what?
It's only Monday.
I don't know.
Making our life miserable.
I think she needs to go to prison.
That bitch.
Yeah.
I would agree with that.
As a matter of fact, speaking of that, guess if the phone doesn't work tomorrow, guess what I'm going to play for four hours tomorrow?
I think they say I love his tap.
Yeah.
Four hours tomorrow if the phones don't work.
You know, some Florida's famous for its trade shows.
There's boat shows, car shows, bridal shows, home shows, art spheres, galore and lots more.
If you're a trade show exhibitor, the only name you need to know is Pubset.
Pubset creates the absolute top of the line of attention grabbing steel customers from the competition trade show displays.
Call 954-77272-75 right now and Pubset will get you a set for success.
When it comes to design printing posters, banners and especially trade show displays, Pubset has been the very best for 14 years.
954-77272-75 right at the time on your sleeve for Pubset.
954-77272-75 from design to set up Pubset.
Can then all your trade show needs.
Rest assured, Pubset will separate you from the competition.
Don't look second rate. You only get one chance to look great.
Pubset's the way to do it. Call 954-77272-75 or go online to PubsetSF.com.
For top notch design, trade show graphics and displays, Pubset is the only way to do it.
Look for my big ugly picture under building along Vixie Highway. Just know the commercial.
Call them today 954-77272-75.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62.8.
Here, the medications on work. I've been here for seven years. Nothing works here.
I hate this place. Nothing works here. The medications on work.
I've been here for seven years. I hate this place. Nothing works here.
Welcome to Mojave de Rio de Janeiro, a real estate center. How can I help you today?
I'm not spilling. I ain't got all day. I'm a doctor.
How the hell you expect me to do anything there for you?
Don't want to me. Whatever it is that did.
Today, did you work under radio?
Good day. I must have blocked that out.
Who are you?
Never mind that. What are you doing here?
I didn't know I was.
Well, you are now.
So where?
Welcome to the Mojave de Rio de Janeiro, a real estate center. How can I help you today?
I said, was that you, I said that too.
I can't think, guys.
What?
What? What? What? What? What? What?
Did this maybe we ought to get a job in sports radio?
Certainly.
Let make you so sure.
Your hand is rubbing my leg.
Why? Why?
Wait a minute. What was I going to do?
What?
That reminds me.
What?
What?
Here's a rider.
He's a rider.
What's the fault?
Never give me a hand.
Oh!
Oh!
I'm going to die.
It's for those eyes.
It's nearly one day of the year and nine.
It's generalized.
It's generalized.
Oh, here's the song we haven't heard in a million years and probably don't want to hear it again soon.
Oh, it's not on the side.
So I'm going to have a disc.
Don't you think when that happens?
I do.
I'll go ahead and speak of the Rolling Stone.
Were we speaking that just before and David Cups fans?
Yeah.
I don't believe it.
Yeah.
Don't touch me.
Hey, Ray.
What's your problem?
Oh, we are.
Well, we beat rock singers.
We got golden fingers and we're dead.
Everywhere we go.
As fast as I go.
We sing about beauty and we sing about truth.
At $10,000 a show.
We sing right.
We sing high.
Can it feel the music?
You have a soul.
Can it feel the music?
So what else I had to do with Sharon Stone anyway?
$12.49 a QA.
And we got Geltie at two.
It's quite a public domain.
In fact, there are.
We're hearing from the QA news department.
There are people riding and from the building on the corner of a 22nd in Northwest 7th Avenue.
Are they in protest?
They're holding a protest sign.
Enough of the squeak it already, but we can't stop.
Here's the fact that says I enjoy watching 2020.
Because sometimes they are a segment about lies and myths.
Oh, they must have the segment of the Greg Reed and the Joe Bell segment coming up.
One segment was about people complaining about the price of gas going up.
When gas prices haven't gone up much in over 20 years.
I'm not complaining.
Let me explain.
Oh, no.
Oh, and this is a whole pseudo-electual thing about a Honda cord.
And about, you know, Neal, don't you drive a Corvette?
Well, I don't drive anything because I haven't got a car here.
And my car is basically undriven.
How do you like that?
What I've seen you have to use, 93, I've seen, oh, wow, you bought it.
Well, guess what?
I get like a 23 in the city and about 26 in the highway in those cars.
I get gasoline mileage in addition to which I can afford to gas.
How do you like that, Henry?
Hey, Henry.
Oh!
I work called miles away.
I only have one exercise activity less than two miles away.
I don't see all the monster trucks like Hummers.
I used to see all over the place.
The young punks in there are supposed to, in their souped up turbo cars,
souped up spelled wrong, which can only use 93 on-tane,
aren't racing around as much as before.
Driving for me isn't as stressful as before.
I understand the rise in the price of gas.
It also rises in effect.
All the things that we spend are going on.
But in Europe, the price, nobody cares about in Europe.
Europe is small.
Everything is close.
There are a lot of cities in Europe where you can walk everywhere.
They were trying to walk from your home to downtown Miami.
To get the mail or anything?
Yeah, right.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
Oh yes.
Oh yes.
Oh yes.
Hiya!
I'm a fan of you.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
He died in 1993.
I believe.
Never spoke publicly about how he doubted the findings of the war in commission.
Connellese notes have yet another reminder that in our democratic republic or what's left
of it, few things are seldom as they seem.
Like him, I never accepted the findings of the war in commission to many illogical conclusions.
So in Kennedy's death and the vowsets surrounded to this day marked the beginning of the end
of American idealism.
The citizens grew with the lives of Vietnam in the senseless depths of too many thousands
of young Americans in a war that never should have been for the rest of the world.
That's about the integrity of those we elect as our leaders' festers today as this country
finds itself, and broader than other senseless, or based on too many lies.
John Conley failed his service to his country best by concealing his doubts about the
Warren Commission's white wash, but his silence may have contributed to the growing perception
that our elected leaders can rewrite history to fit their political agendas.
Had Conley spoken out as a high-ranking political figure with doubts about the official version
of what happened, it might have sounded similar to Americans deserve the truth from their
government even when that truth hurts.
Ever had that a few weeks ago, and you know what, the worth of reading again.
Anybody who believes that Warren Commission report, I've got like 80 acres of land in
the Everglades right there in the middle of a central country, 15th Centenaker.
915 votes on the pool.
I think we've got a legitimate shot.
We're going to do it.
920, they're coming in in chunks.
Can you smell the chunks?
Coming in chunks.
Probably it's after one at five, six, they're coming in chunks because the guilty is sitting
by going to come on at two o'clock.
That would certainly make me spare me for a lot of chunks.
How about different chunks of great food and to some fondue?
What a segue.
Now you know what I'm talking about because not that many weeks ago, Josh and George were
treated as some fantastic chow from the melting pot.
And Friday.
We're fond, huh?
And Friday, too.
Again?
Yeah.
Holy moly.
Good stuff.
And you know, back when I started talking about the melting pot years and years ago,
it was very, very simple.
They didn't have all that many alternatives.
They hit you like your dessert fondue and then your beef and chicken.
And that was pretty much it.
Now it's a whole different deal.
At the melting pot fondue becomes a memorable four-course dining experience where you can
really dip into something different.
Just dip it right in there.
Enjoy the variety of unique contrast.
Special melting pot dipping sauces.
Starts you dinner with the melting pot.
We're now in cheese fondue.
It served with three different breads, granny smith apples and crisp veggies.
Next, it's choices salads, all with the melting pot homemade dressings.
I'm phrasing include lobster, filet mignon, shrimp, caged and seasoned chicken, pork, portabello
mushrooms, duck, and lots more cooking oil or broth, whatever you like.
And those melting pot dipping sauces absolutely out of this world.
And for dessert, oh god.
My blood sugar is going up just thinking about it.
The chaffer fondue is absolutely to die for.
Dip fresh strawberries, bananas, pineapple, cheesecake, brownies, topped off with tasty
marshmallows rolled in crushed oreos and graham crackers.
And then they also have the white chocolate too, I'm sure.
The melting pot in for Lauderdale cross brings Vulcan, North Miami Beach Cooper City in
Kindle.
The melting pot, if you want to, you know, something different if you're tired of the same
old stuff for lunch or dinner.
This is the place you're absolutely going to love.
The melting pot dip into something really different.
This is meal Rogers.
This is 5.16 Q.A.
My god, your breaths are beautiful.
Just too young dude, bovers.
Never mean in no harm.
A few subbed in a strip, I've gotten trouble with a lot.
Now they wish they weren't born.
What's in a curse?
I in our hills.
Who prove they're innocent now, will their lawyers probably will.
Making their way to the courtroom now.
They had a little more fun than the campus allowed.
Just too young dude, bovers.
From the duploch costume.
Make sure got out of hand now all over the land.
They got their face on TV.
You get a lot of answers.
The Rogers are sports hall radio in WQA.
Oh right.
No.
No.
No.
She's one.
She's the only one that did a lot of drugs.
I know.
I'm going to keep the radio on a tube.
I'm going to keep the radio on a tube.
I'm going to keep the radio on a tube.
I'm going to keep the radio on a tube.
I'm going to keep the radio on a tube.
They're in a commercial break.
I'm calling for backup.
That's kind of a sick ad.
932 votes.
The missing chick in the room, Natalie Holloway 231.
Is she kinda sterling Holloway?
I think sterling Holloway used to be on Life of Riley with Bill Bendix.
and junior, West Morgan.
The Amarlin 171 Duke Red Case 1919,
hundred eight, whatever it is.
That's, I don't know what anybody's name is in that, do you?
No.
Well, I love those famous lacrosse players plus the strippers.
Ellen, did you see the, oh, did you see the update this,
this other chick, the other stripper who emailed,
did you see the email that she sent?
No.
What can I do to make this?
She, she had some previous deal going with the, with the law.
And so in order to get that like dropped, she, she could have deal with them.
So her testimony is totally bogus.
And they found an email she sent.
What, what could I say that would possibly, I forget exactly how I'm just paraphrasing.
I'll cut me a better deal.
So then she started shrieking and yelling, oh my god, they're going to go,
right.
How do you like that, huh?
The Marlins 171 Duke Rape Case 118, Lion Bitch,
the NFL draft 88, Nuo Somite 51,
and the price of gasoline, they 10, because anybody with a brain except for Henry.
Here's about that.
Oh, there's Chris Guttler, a guinea.
He's so chanadian, Chris.
It's the Nashville, a guinea, the San Jose, and the other games,
long since over three nothing sure.
937.
I think we got, let's see, 39 minutes,
we should be able to do that, like fall enough a lot, shouldn't we?
You didn't think we'd do it, did you?
No, I didn't.
I mean, yes, I did.
I think there's a better chance of us getting a thousand votes in Seattle.
Except of course for Lion 9, it's the Eddie Yagigan, QYM.
Not very bad.
Now, it's time like you got a mouthful of something Joyce won't let us see in the ear.
There ought to be a senator.
Yeah, you better get with it.
No, I didn't play that one already.
I wanted to play this one.
Oh, I don't think we can say Brown.
I don't think we can say Brown.
I don't think we can say Brown.
You got to tell me I heard my German termites.
Mrs. Lovely, you got a brown daughter.
We can't play this anymore.
Why is that?
Brown eyes.
Oh, Brown eyes.
It kind of sounds like something you find in the record.
Hey, where did we go?
I don't know.
That wasn't a talk about.
That was an ass up.
You can type the ass right up into it.
Just since I...
Hmm?
You know what they have at the falls you casino in Niagara Falls?
I give up.
They have a candy shop.
You know what they make there?
They make it right before your eyes.
But that's it.
Can't eat it though, because my...
Just looking at it, my blood sugar.
Oh, yeah.
It was zooming up there.
It was too sweet, anyway.
It really is.
It's sickling me sweet.
Right.
Although I still would like to try something.
But I can't do it.
Can't do it, pal.
The Cento Perez was lucky to be's that furiously swarmed around him.
As he worked in a wellington field, stung him only a few times.
And instead zeroed in on the goats and sheep.
It was frantically trying to help.
One goat and a sheep died in the April 14 attack.
Three other severed multiple things and required medical attention.
Another reason to get out of South Florida before it's too late.
Killer bees.
See, most offense about the killer bees was like bomb-hower and betters and bow-campus.
I'm sure Josh remembers that.
I do.
Do you really?
Yeah.
By the way, bowl beyond a maratude.
Before we like him a lot, he's incredibly, terminally boring.
Almost certainly experts say Perez and the animals were attacked by African eyes.
Honey bees.
Oh, man.
What is that all about?
African eyes.
Hmm.
Something a racial thing to me.
The African eyes, honey bees.
The offensive and aggressive had been in Florida since 2002.
Entering on cargo ships, they started to spread more quickly than the summer they are here to stay.
They've been found in mailboxes out to equipment and water meters.
While their European honey bee relatives look similar, the African eyes honey bees swarms more often.
Fearsely depends the hive.
Maybe that's what I had in my shoulder.
Maybe it had hives.
Beehives.
I do like chives in my hive.
Fatale, don't you?
Sour cream and chives.
Uh-huh.
Okay, now you're the tennis.
I'm waiting for those really good potatoes to come out with no carbs.
That's right.
I'm already in the pasta, by the way.
Almost every day.
Dreamfield.
Oh, yeah.
What's not to like?
It's like a miracle.
I had some couple days ago.
My sugar, actually, I guess I ate it the right time.
My sugar went down.
Huh.
Instead of zooming up like regular pasta would do.
But you folks just ignore it because, you know, we're probably getting paid off to talk about it.
I'm still waiting for the check.
Like I do business under near Rogers, right?
Some of these people out there.
But my boot, but I think Eddie's got it right.
Oh, that's serious.
I think Eddie is what's out for it is all a boot.
African eyes bees perceive any disturbance of their nest as a threat.
You know, what they say about the sterling hornets nest.
That's what George warned George Bush about and he would listen.
They never do.
So they'll chase any animal or person that distributes their home for up to quarter of a mile.
Their persistence is legendary.
So much so the government brochures with advisories on African eyes.
Honey bees urge people to run with uppercase letters.
Run like hell and extra mentioned points to a safe area.
Run like a set of a bitch to a safe place.
John Caponera, chairman of the University of Florida's
Entomology Department said people should assume they're dealing with an African eyes bee.
If the insect is acting aggressively.
So if an African eyes the creature chases you.
Run like a set of a bitch, especially if it's an A-T-M.
That's it.
Most times bees are fairly docile caponera said African eyes bees if they've disturbed.
Swarm out in large numbers and attack like hell.
Chances are most chances are, oh here's Johnny Mattress, the African Queen speaking of African eyes.
Chances are most often for the ones who live in suburban areas.
Arca to win counter African eyes bees at this point, Caponera said.
But they're spreading over time.
They'll replace regular bees and will have to be more careful on our art or dealings.
While the killer bees stories have been over dramatized, the risk caused to be an alert.
And the incident on 40th Street near Lake Worth Road, Perez was working on a shoulder for the goats in sheep with his boss
who had found a gone on Aaron when the bee attack occurred.
On the phone with Perez during the attack, she told the Perez to run.
You know, it's already been stung several times that he ran like a like a band-sheet.
Wanna hear a little more of this hockey game?
Oh, I thought you were right in there.
No, I wanted to get some more of you.
The story is all over.
Okay, there's a boot 838 and a half minutes left in the third period.
And that's the end of the score.
I already saw it was boring the first time and it's a lot more boring the second time.
Speaking of that.
At two.
This is near the road track, Jose.
This is 5.62.8.
Ah!
All the crap you can unwrap.
All the slime all the time.
I just want to take the oath baby let your condom know she can swim well.
And you longer feel the pressure of Congress getting stronger.
Doomsch is I testified on the laser side.
I'm a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit
of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of
a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of the little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a Little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of getting a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of A little bit of
When Mike's frozen side,
How's he doing by the way?
One-third of his career. I think it was a dog done it.
971 votes, man. If you folks keep tapping on it, you're going to wind up with Carpool Tunnel Syndrome,
but we will get to our thousand votes. It's better what you said.
Totally, there's a better chance to get to a thousand than the phones that be fixed by two o'clock.
Nice going there, Clarence and Joe and engineering and everybody else and the Bell South or whatever they're calling themselves this week.
971 votes and of course everybody should have an opinion on that.
So I guess that's how many people we got.
972. They're sliding by the ones now.
Speaking of condoleser, which is why I play that.
Secretary State condoleser writes, well, she's looking skankier than usual lately, man.
And he looks bad.
She leaked national defense information away. Pro-Israel lobbyists in the same manner
that landed a lower level Pentagon official. 12-year prison sentence lobbyist Laura said Friday.
Prosecutor has disputed the claim, right?
The allegations against Rice came as a federal judge.
Guandandate offense requests issues of penis off by the defense for Rice and trailer government officials.
And the trial of Stephen Rosen and Keith Weissman.
Rosen and Weissman.
Oh!
To our former lobbyist with the American Israel Public Affairs Committee,
who are charged with receiving and disclosing national defense information.
And by the way, all you Israelis and Palestinians, Kelly Taylor, already get it over with so the rest of us can go on with life.
That sound like a plan? Oh, please. That's my roadmap.
Defense lawyers are asking a judge to dismiss the charges because, among other things,
they believe it would seek to criminalize the type of back-channel exchanges between government officials,
lobbyists in the press that are part and parcel how Washington works.
During Friday's hearing, U.S. District Judge T.S. Ellis the Turret,
studies considering dismissing the government's entire case because the law used to prosecute Rosen and Weissman may be uncostitially,
vague and broad, and the fringe on freedom of speech. Freedom of speech, what's that?
I remember we used to have that before we got joist. Yeah, I hear that story. Freedom of speech, yeah.
Well, I got a bulletin' fraud. You clowns out there. Okay, you're a little bulletin' for it.
Freedom of speech, freedom of speech, let's bury our heads.
All right.
Freedom of speech, let's bury our heads.
Freedom of speech, freedom of speech, let's bury our heads.
Don't show hope, starry fire when it's no less than a man.
Absolutely correct, sir.
Thank you.
Freedom of speech, freedom of speech, let's bury our heads.
Freedom of speech, freedom of speech, let's bury our heads.
Invading Iraq is likely to go down as one of the worst U.S. foreign policy blunders ever.
Former Secretary of State Madeline Albright's an interview.
Well, I love that. I love the poem.
The former top U.S. diplomat told the Times that Iraq's deposed leader Saddam Hussein was horrible,
but I didn't think he was imminent threat to the U.S.A. She said,
you can't go to war with everybody you dislike she continued.
Well, why not?
I think Iraq may end up being one of the worst disasters in American foreign policy.
Albright has served under a Bill Clinton, said U.S. foreign policy mistakes under President George W. Bush,
have left her feelings sick.
America's current status in global affairs.
He's feeling sick about it and rightfully so you go, girl.
A lot of the things that we've worked on for eight years have unraveled.
It is very hard, she told the Times, but really troubles me is that democracy is getting a bad name
because it identified with imposition and occupations she added.
I'm for democracy, but imposing democracy is not seen more on.
People have to choose democracy and has to come up from below,
just like lunch or breakfast or whatever you're cooking up right now.
Thinking about what she's saying and how accurate it is.
The creature from the Black Lagoon making you sick.
That's right coming up from below.
I don't know, I think I'm going to go out and give me some more movies to watch today.
You know what I do?
What?
I know this sounds strange.
Well, I'm sure I'm not the only one who does it because I don't even know what movies that I haven't seen that I want to see.
Right.
So I browse around, I got some great stories here.
I browse around and I look for something that looks interesting.
Right? What's going with that?
And that's how I picked up both of these, the forgotten Wajudi and more.
I love her, she's great.
She was in Magnolia by the way.
That's right, she has like Magnolia, I forgot.
Yeah, it wasn't as good as Crash, but good movie.
You know, it's a damn good thing for you that I already checked and seen that check cleared.
Uh-huh.
Are you right in the back of the middle of the desk?
No, that's okay, man.
Listen, to eat its own.
Okay, I'm not selling.
It's just like that pasta.
I'm not selling it.
I'm just telling you, I thought it was great.
And didn't you both agree with me on that?
Yeah.
I actually even Josh is still eating it.
Well, I got a box just to try it, but no, I haven't bought it again.
But why not?
Well, I will, next time I go to the store.
You don't have to, I mean, now you can buy a whole bunch of it.
He's not fat yet.
With all that discretionary income you've had now, you can go out and especially with a great new deal that you offered you.
Now let me ask you, didn't you say something about fiber with it though?
Right.
I know it's bound up from it.
I noticed that.
No.
But that's correct, that's good.
It's high in fiber, man.
Now, be do it just, hey, listen.
Someday when you're on death's door, you're going to say, why should I wish I would listen to that old fact when he was still alive?
He knew, he knew a little, see my mother, that was your whole preoccupation ever since he was a little girl.
She took likes it is every day of her life.
Now, luckily I didn't inherit that problem.
In fact, with me, just the opposite.
And I guess when you're full of it, it, you know, slides out easily.
Oh, sorry, Joyce.
But anyway, and the other movie that forgotten with the Julian Moore, and the other one was because it was a Koens Brother movie.
Mm-hmm.
And I looked at the camera.
I looked at that cast and I thought, how could this not be a sensational flick?
You know, really bad thought.
I thought, Frances McDormand, who, what's not to like, I mean, Largo, she's so great.
And James Gandalfini, who, despite the fact that I don't watch this a piano, I still think he's a damn good actor.
And he is.
He is.
The man who wasn't there.
Now, Joyce says it's too slow, and it's in, otherwise, what?
I said, it's a great story and good acting and all that.
Right.
They just look.
I think the theme of this movie is just like a magnolia, and then people ask about the frogs.
It's the same thing.
Crap happens.
Right.
Right?
Oh, yeah.
Cookie.
That's all.
In other words, he starts out and gets involved in this plot.
And then all of a sudden, all this other stuff starts happening and becomes like out of control, you know?
By the way, since you're on the verge of going out and buying some more movies, which is always a good idea.
Why don't you go ahead and watch that one that you got sitting there of my son?
No.
You must be an un-American.
No, why not?
It's a great story.
I have a lot of acting and great story, John Malkovich.
Gary Sinese.
I used to talk to the grapes of Roth.
Gary Sinese.
That would be like my, I also got Sineless List and the Shawshank.
What is it about that?
I never saw the other grapes of Roth, so you'll have to tell me about that one.
Now, now, what would I like better?
Shawshank or a Sineless List?
I'm asking a wrong person.
No, I'll tell you.
I see one of those.
Did you see Sineless List or Shawshank?
I thought both of them.
I think they're both good.
Sineless List is a very, like, it's more of like a serious movie.
Yeah.
Well, I knew this movie, too.
The man who wasn't there is pretty serious.
Yeah.
He's still at least a development movie.
Seriously, slow.
Right.
Listen, why don't you just watch my son then?
That's safe.
So why don't I need to go on by anything?
I can put my pasta on right at 201.
Did you have a problem with Gary Sinese in the Forgotten movie?
No, he's really.
I've never had a problem with him in John Melchovitch and the American Slowage.
Latter.
By the way, don't forget the 24th day.
I think you might like it, even though it's the whole theme.
Even though, of course, the one guy was married, or was married, and his wife is dead.
991, by the way, we got it licked.
And the other guy is probably too good looking.
You won't be able to handle it.
Oh, yeah.
No, I know you look at those real hot looking guys like they say, oh, gee, I'm not supposed to know that.
Right.
I was thinking about that at Niagara Falls because there's so many, like I told you, the crowd there are just...
It's like a meat market.
And I thought to myself, I don't know why people have to deny that.
I mean, I'm going to say it again.
No, listen, we talked about it once.
If somebody, I don't care what you said.
If somebody brings you a beautiful steak on a plate.
If you went to Ruth's Chris and they brought you at a beautiful steak on a plate.
You could be a vegetarian and still think yourself, man, that is the nicest cut of meat I've seen in a long time.
No, I'm not a vegetarian.
So steak looks good to me.
I said, you could be.
I'm not talking about you, per se.
And you better watch yourself because I'm going to report you to...
Paida?
Paida, you're going to report me.
991.
Yeah, you animal killer, you cow killer.
If it didn't squeal, it ain't either.
Now, let me ask you this.
Isn't the cow steak with an India?
Oh, yeah.
Well, so what is it that they eat?
Well, what do they chewer all that curry on?
Each other.
No, not seriously.
What do they chewer the curry on?
Is that what they eat?
I don't know what the Indian's eat.
There's a zillion Indian restaurants in Toronto.
I got news for you.
I wouldn't go anywhere near with your fork.
Or you just go ask them what's on the menu.
Ooh, I don't know why I wanted to get that close.
I get to the door.
I smell like curry.
Point to something and say what's your side.
Paida, if anybody wonders where King Curry went after you left power.
I think he's here.
This is new rush.
Listen, this is 5.62 pay.
Oh, facing you're on QM.
You don't have any national guards there because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now.
Not the national guard.
Pardon?
Not the national guard.
No national guard in Iraq.
That does no national guard.
No.
Absolutely.
Maybe because they see that we're lacking in the war.
And from outer headlines that will be due by the cold.
You say they said he's the one who gets the man.
I've only one.
It's a failure.
No playing a game.
We got it.
Now we want what we can say.
You got it.
You won't be happy so long.
You got it.
Where is the sword King Curry?
Absolutely.
You say 9 or 11 is what they got you to believe.
If you didn't come up with an old party card to believe.
You believe what they say.
Like they're falling apart.
I say you have nations.
And still you have states of the forth with truth.
I'll be a legend of we've got it.
Push us out in vain with we've got it.
It's all on your knees we've got it.
You won't be happy.
You won't be happy.
You can all be sick.
50, 70, 70, 70.
And he's easy to remember.
Who listen to that?
I hear it.
He's getting to the point where I'm no one anymore.
I am sorry.
Sometimes it hurts so badly.
Yeah.
I am no one anymore.
I am yours.
You are mine.
You are what you are.
Oh.
Give back it.
I'm sure that the Joshua Members are lying.
You are what you are from God.
Father three when Michael said the Vincent you are what you are.
That's right.
I do.
See a lot of memorable lines in that movie.
In Spotify the George Pooh Poo's it.
Don't you poo poo it?
I'll turn.
I have one in nine votes.
We got it.
I told you.
No sweat.
Just relax.
Everybody.
Exhale.
Don't inhale.
They'll come and get your ass.
The US Supreme Court will hear arguments Wednesday in a Florida case that definitely
opponents hopefully the sweeping changes in the way more than 30 states.
Five third man.
Execution can then killers.
Convicted cop killer Clarence Hiller when January was strapped to a gurney awaiting execution by a lethal injection when a word arrived of a state is convinced the method Florida uses to put convicted killers to death can cause excruciating pain.
And he wants to call witnesses to testify.
They had him strapped to the gurney in the phone.
And they said, oh, you know, it's the Danville thing they didn't have our phone.
Oh yeah.
Never would have any.
That's right.
Everybody would have got this call online.
Nine.
Find me.
Feel.
Yes.
This is Andy Bob Leakey.
Bob Leakey.
That's the call they would have got.
Such a...
I'm telling you, that's the only one we can get is the any guy.
It's the only flina.
It's very seriously.
This radio state.
And I use the term loosely.
I've been in his business as I was 17 years old.
Okay, that's 46 long freaking years.
It's a crap business.
But I have never.
Even at WCGR candidate, they would have never worked in such a bogus joint as this one.
And you know about a bogus joint.
It's usually a regano.
That's right.
But seriously, what kind of a horse ball place in this guy's talking a normal kid about extending my contract?
You must be doing talk about drugs.
Man, you guys are missing out on the good stuff.
You ought to get into some of their meetings and find out what those guys are smoking.
Have to be crazy people.
Every single day is like a challenge.
How many roadblocks can we throw in your way?
How many pieces of equipment won't work that day?
How many times can we put Gelty on you?
Like a fear ate and exasperated.
Anybody who believes in putting somebody on you?
By the way, Gelty's sitting by.
I hope you along with two.
It's just unbelievable.
Every possible thing they could do to screw it up.
And in the meantime, you know, all the major egg crack problems from a Greg Reed school and all.
They can't piece together.
And then like a big mystery here.
Evan Cohn was on yesterday from 9 to 11 and what does that mean?
You know, I really blew it because when Lady Colise should have said, was there any good?
You know, was he good on a year?
Did he do a good show?
You know, was he talking about the sound like a wildcaster?
He sounded like a wedding martes.
Or like another sweet nice.
What was the story?
It's a truth.
Because I got news for you, Clara Bellman.
You aren't even coming close to the radio industry.
Okay, you're not even within a million.
Even a Chinese laundry would be reversed.
I'm going to go.
God.
I'm going home.
So Godfather's not right now.
On what?
On AMC.
On front drugs?
I don't have an AMC.
I got an electra.
They're at the restaurant there.
Let me see.
Oh, yes.
I got a sound partner.
There goes Michael.
He's going to the back.
You got the murder of Venice.
The black cat.
I'm going to the police.
Go out of the way.
Yeah.
Leg girls.
Yes.
Leg boys.
Here's tempest.
Tempest is in the peacock.
It's one of my favorites.
I wonder if tempest storm was in that one.
Porter guy still at the allegacy.
I would never get into that Porter guy's craft.
You know, I like those kind of movies, but not that particular one.
Oh, if you've had met him, you know, you're going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
I'm going to be a good guy.
A blast.
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to a dumb at people killed with the gas that we sold him.
First time a crescitation and they only want that's going.
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil going.
Forget about Korea.
The nooks there chose Amanda.
The right wing is drilling it over and over and over and over and over again.
Daddy racked that song.
Weapons of fastest rations.
3000 people killed.
Are now forgotten.
Let's exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil to be caught in.
Go an after-set time to.
Play Kato Sama.
There's no longer mention of the name in London.
But no one seemed concerned all.
I'm being complacent.
I'm leaving every word of this cartel administration that controls us by fear through the A.M. manipulation and the right wing.
It's drilling it over and over and over and over again.
Daddy racked that song.
Weapons of fastest rations.
I'm dying on the hand.
Absolutely.
The loss of civil rights is the rights that we're paying.
We're all suspects now.
Not the ass drop this saying.
I have nothing to hide.
Table talkers all are saying.
I know pede and cattle don't have any reservations.
Salah provoked battle and world annihilation.
Old regime must fall.
And how the Virgin is told.
With no objection at all.
Timah Cretz don't have the fall and the right wing is drilling it over and over again.
I'm going to offer a great wasp and Iraq has done.
With this the fastest rations.
Only Iraq has done.
With this the fastest rations.
Abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are abel's are ab
the torture because they're just playing their game in the past it had to be worse with the dumb who's saying
bye bye bye
