It's Friday, you crass dude!
Wait down, shall we?
Where the mudwings go with the hang from trees and play banjo?
You got some cool old, a station on, you bangled raiding old.
Now as Norge, Carolina goes,
Raleigh's a big city at all, and that's where the beesleaves have to go.
For Jolly, Raleigh, Joe.
Oh, a new jam, he'll do what he can.
Shake your hand like a friend, then quickly walk away.
They had Joe, go to five-six-oh with raiding and the toilet bowl to get those,
Playings for full moes, an order and control.
And then so, Jolly, Raleigh, Joe, a bunch of humor, and him the note he lets moat.
Go, and here's what blows, give Gowdy his own show.
He'll make a big change, and re-arrange.
It's worse or the same, he hasn't done a thing.
For what goes on the air at two, Joe don't have a stinkin' clue,
But a poor, not bad essentially, blows for all radio.
The GM of five-six-oh, Jolly, Raleigh, Joe.
I tell you one thing, we know what's gonna be on a two today.
Rock solid, that's it, the big ol' from the NBA finals in Dallas,
Baby, where the heat got there, ass handed to him on a plate last night.
What was it, 90 to 80, was the final score.
Well, close, I noticed with the...
I mean, they didn't get whipped or anything, but they got...
Well, the finals score, though, they make a difference,
whether he lose by one or by 60, you know what I'm saying?
I know what you're saying.
Put it in the lost column, that's what I'm trying to tell you.
With or without...
I don't pay any attention to it, says not like I'm gloating,
because the heat, I just wish they'd get it over with already, you know?
Maybe the heat can win the next four in a row.
Get it over already, my God.
I'm looking at the schedule day with Gildi at the NBA finals,
we got the big, oh, rock solid NBA finals,
mad dogs at Bonefish, maxed it for it,
but I don't know what he's gonna be talking about.
And then, at seven o'clock, we got, this is unconscionable.
Eric Reed and Tony Fueron Tino,
and guess where they're gonna be doing the show from?
I give up.
Josh, the Triple A, the NBA finals.
Oh, that's right.
One of my big Dallas.
And then, of course, the Marlin game.
You know, those Marlins, they got some nerve,
ping on our parade.
They got some stinkin' nerve.
We want 24-7.
Nine-stop.
That's why we're bad.
We like to come right in the middle of the day
and interfere with everybody's enjoyment.
Marlins that say the ego tonight,
Marlin pregame at 930 to game at 1005.
So that's it here on All-Shack Radio.
Me-Shack to bed, we go.
Here's the facts, very depressing.
I guess Bob Weaver's in pretty bad shape.
So, as I thought, you find this interesting,
since you also like Weaver the Weatherman,
yes, I do, he's a great guy.
In the late 50s, I was watching the news with my parents.
I was 10 when it went to commercial break.
When they came back on the air, Weaver and Ralph Renek
were both the shovel and panting.
The screen went blank and then to the test pattern.
When they came back, they explained that Weaver
had looked up and seen a man with a gun,
standing behind a curtain behind Mr. Renek.
Weaver tackled a man.
They wrestled the gun away from him.
It was in the Miami Times, I believe the next day,
was credited with saving Mr. Renek's life.
I didn't like that.
Good night, made a good news, Beores.
I'm sure most people didn't know this,
since it was a long time ago.
Thanks a lot, Al.
I've never heard of that before.
Did you?
No, it doesn't.
It reminds me of that Jerry William is stirring.
Although nobody saved his life except the fact.
I guess the smart thingy to do,
these 12-loads guys, it was a radio station.
They got panicky.
It's a good thing he told them just before they came to that door.
I was, see, you think you're locked in there?
Well, you are and you have nowhere to go.
But I mean, in that place,
you had no place to go.
There was just no way out.
And so, that was that story.
Anyway, Jerry William's just still dead.
And Ralph Renek is dead.
I guess it was only a temporary reprieve.
But that's the way life is now, you know?
Sooner or later, all of these things happen.
All of these are my nesting.
Okay, now I wonder what, in fact,
this is much too long to read on the ear,
even for me, even if I got really noosey today.
It's too long to read on the ear,
but we're going to have this story on our website tomorrow.
I'm sure Josh will have it on there bright and early.
Yes, sir.
Ha-ha-ha-ha.
You noticed the quick response
and the absolutely adamant conviction
with which he said that.
Well, you can put them on today,
because you got them all for tomorrow anyway.
I probably, they're all done already.
Pretty much.
Hey, I don't mind monkey around, Mr. Okay?
I don't mess around.
You've got enough stories tomorrow
to make an encyclopedia.
Forget about a freaking newspaper.
More than last night?
Why were there too many?
I'm not lying.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I look just to the point of the beginning.
Because everything's too bad.
Your efforts are appreciated, and that's all I can tell you.
Just do whatever you want.
As opposed to Eric,
who's been spent all his spare time
at the Parliament House in Orlando again.
No, I don't know what he's got going on on the side,
but he's part of the House all day.
And I keep faxing him the poll.
I even faxed him today's poll
during a show yesterday before we left.
Wow.
And then I kept faxing.
I figure if I faxed enough,
it's like a message.
If there's a sense of urgency,
like get off your fan,
and then go put elbows off or something like that.
Look, he uses that side.
I understand that.
I know that, but I'm sure that he does check it
from time to time.
And especially since it's part of what we do every day,
you know, these stupid polls.
Part of what we do every day.
So when you do what you do, you know,
you figure that he is checking it.
But I guess he was out again.
He's busy at the Parliament House.
Would he set something on the side?
Never-n-ly.
But any time.
Would you just stop for a minute?
It's Evelyn Pringle,
and you can't eat only one.
The article is,
how Bush rigged the Ohio election to no factor.
It's not Kenny No from Calderbidle.
Can I just read it?
It's just what it would go on.
It would take us till midnight to read the whole thing.
But it's just, see the MSM,
the so-called mainstream media,
they don't want to touch anything this
because God forbid.
You know, plus they're already bought and paid for any of them.
They showed out long time ago.
By late afternoon of November 2nd, 2004,
nationally, all the exit polls showed John Kerry winning
with 50.8% of votes in Ohio,
and showed George W. Bush with 48.2%.
Meaning Kerry had a 2.6% leadover Bush.
But when the vote counts came into the end of election day,
Bush had 50.9% of votes,
and Kerry had 48.1, meaning Bush received 2.8% more votes than Kerry.
According to Dr. Ron Vaman, Ph.D.
from the Institute of Government and Public Affairs
at the University of Illinois in Chicago,
where 16 years experience teaching statistics
to both graduate and undergraduate college students,
there would be about a one chance in 900,000
of that kind of statistical error occurring.
Ohio was the most important state to Bush.
He couldn't win without it.
He spent so much time in the state that people
began to wonder where they left a forwarding address in Ohio.
At his last campaign rally in the state of mayor four days
before the election, Bush bestowed special praise
on a husband and wife team who, in hindsight,
were more helpful to Bush than any other politicians
in Ohio as far as rigging the election.
A lot of thank my friends.
Bernadette Noan Tomno Bush told the audience
that they'd delete a rally for their leadership in Lucas County.
It goes on about all the inappropriate and illegal things
they did and Bob Taft.
All the et cetera goes on and on.
Read it. Read it in a week.
And the main stream media courses won't tell us any of these things
because they're too busy about Al Zarqawi and Al Jolson
and Al Kelly and Al Volstein,
all of this Al Rosen, Al Solomon,
had an uncle Al Solomon, he had a paint store on Joseph Avenue
and Rochester, any interest?
How do you do with that?
Had an uncle Joe Solomon too.
Maybe I'm getting him confused.
One of them had like, I think, a dry clue.
Me and them had a paint store.
Al Solomon.
All those relatives are dead now.
Anyway, here's the poll from yesterday.
Which of these issues do you care about the most?
1435 votes?
I don't know if we'll make a thousand today
because we didn't get that poll up there
until about 10, 30 last night.
Don't blame me, by the way.
Blame your buddy there from the parliament house.
In fact, I understand he's taken the smoking parliament now.
Let's start doing cigarette spots.
Let's do it.
Mind the hell not.
And booze?
Uh-huh.
I just don't get it.
If you can put beer spots on here,
why can't we put hard liquor on it?
I give up.
I always said, if you like her, liquor.
Which of these issues do you care about most?
That doesn't need any response.
The war in Iraq 363, the economy 339.
Let's see, economy is stupid.
Uh-huh.
You know what we left off of here?
I give up.
Would have kicked ass, rhymes with ass.
Gas.
That's it.
The price of gas.
Don't say gas too low though, you're so freak out.
I recognize that sound.
It was a snake.
Yeah.
That's why I've seen some of those.
Education 191.
Oh, yeah.
Freedom of speech 186.
Oh my god.
Freedom of speech.
We're going to wait for the speech.
Speed?
You know, I looked at that and for a second,
I thought, well, I guess maybe that's right.
I don't know.
It was to show you the power of our pool, man.
Nothing like having a powerful pool.
Freedom of speech 186.
Legalizing pot 124.
Now we're talking, man.
It grow up already.
You're so Americans.
God.
Illegal immigration 105.
Loup, Loup, got to be very distressed to see that only 7.2% of you are into that.
He'd be p-oed.
Yeah.
Probably drop a big bomb on Mexico, just out of frustration.
I hate this pool only 50.
As compared to today, where we got, look at that.
Look how many we got hate to pool today.
And it's because they are, they suffer from, uh, their EC problem.
No EC stands for?
No.
Emotional cripples, I say.
They can't handle the truth.
Anyway, only 50 hated yesterdays.
For the survival of QAM28, game mirage 21.
1.4%.
Every single pool taken nationally, internationally, uh, in backyards,
over to a hill up a grandma's house, it's about 1%.
Give or take.
Maso manas.
Nobody cares.
A board, and why the hell should they?
What does it got to do with the price of peanuts?
Whether Joe and Jack are getting married or marry in the, uh,
a portion writes 18 and flag, flag burning only 10.
Although they're going to start up, put that again, build this.
He's got his fist in that again, flag burning.
All the same old, tired issues, just like beaten a dead horse man, flags late in the way.
It's really pathetic.
Just tragic.
So anyway, that's, uh, yesterday's pool for you.
Today's pool, I like a lot.
I think it's one of the most, oh yeah.
You see, there you go.
I wonder if Josh likes it.
It's telling.
It's good.
Yeah, it is good.
And we got probably the higher percent, 16% of the audience, I hate this pool.
You better grow up folks.
You better start facing reality, man.
You know, the people on the Titanic don't need to, don't need to be, uh, told,
oh, don't worry, you're just a panic man.
You know that, that's not what they needed to be told.
Okay, that wasn't helpful to them.
You're not being helpful by saying I hate this pool.
You ought to relish it.
You ought to like, analyze it.
Although actually the responses though are, most of them pretty, uh, I'm target, I would say.
As a matter of fact, I wonder if the one on the bottom still has got, yeah.
When Greg Readless, he still got, uh, over 500 votes.
And Greg Readless, they got none when he left.
They realized that he's the one that broke the egg into women in pieces.
And now these other four bad things are trying this way.
Oh, we got a plan.
Nobody wants to go along with our plan, but we got a plan.
I was named Justin, that'd be called 11 or what?
Yes he is.
You spoke today?
Yes, I did.
Got that fell on.
I just, I don't know anything about it.
I just, I don't know.
I thought, I made my picks.
I did pick Bernardini to be there, uh, top two in the, uh, pregness.
Not too many people.
I had nobody called and thanked me for that either.
It was very easy to hook him up with a couple of the favorites and had nice, uh, good prices on them.
With poor Barbara, Barbara, like, uh, you know, limping along and standing there in middle of a stretch while other,
or other horses were around the far turn at any rate.
10, 13 at 5, 60 WQYM.
If you love voting and you want to get out there in the water, you can go out and buy a vote.
It will cost you a, a small fortune.
And then that's only the beginning of your headaches, because then you got all the maintenance things.
Forget about that.
Why don't you enjoy the water, crop, top nautical, and 1-800-bolt rent right now?
Why pay the expenses of owning a vote when you can rent one totally hassle free?
Join the club at club nautical.
Call 1-800-bolt rent. You'll be amazed at just how easy and convenient they make it all for you.
No docking cost, no expensive upkeep, no insurance, no hurricane preparation.
Basically, they take their headaches out of enjoying voting.
When you have a vote from club nautical, it's totally stress-free, and they make it affordable for you too.
So call 1-800-bolt rent, and all summer long, and all year long, get out there in the water and have a great time.
No getting the vote ready because club nautical does it for you.
No cleaning up either because of club nautical.
You just top on your vote, go have a fantastic time.
And when you're done pulling the dock, get off and run away.
Say, there you go. You take care of it. It's that easy. And they'll do it.
Club nautical, call 1-800-bolt rent.
Let me sit again. From unlimited voting to pay as you go, from a small boat to the archer, there's everything in between.
All of these things.
It's club nautical. Call 1-800-bolt rent, let club nautical tailor a plan to fit your needs and your budget.
Get on the water today, the hassle-free, the inexpensive way with club nautical.
Make that call, tell them that muff, told you to call 1-800-bolt rent.
This is meal rudder. This is 5-62-A-S.
Who's gonna get a breaky of wall?
Well, I don't know much about her. I don't know why she ain't the politician that people like.
Call 1-800-bolt rent, let club nautical tailor a plan to fit your needs and your budget.
Call 1-800-bolt rent, let club nautical tailor a plan to fit your needs and your budget.
Call 1-800-bolt rent, let club nautical tailor a plan to fit your needs and your budget.
Call 1-800-bolt rent, let club nautical tailor a plan to fit your needs and your budget.
New bitch, newsprax, new whore.
Don't talk about Ancoder that way. 10-18-5-60-WQ-A-M, happy Friday to you.
George, be on vacation next week, although...
Yeah.
I thought your vacation started at 2 o'clock today, little did I know until I just got this stuff.
Yeah, well, you know, I can't afford the option.
Join a QM street team today from 3-5 PM and tomorrow with little George from noon to 2-A-T
Marooni-U's car sales event going on at Dolphin Stadium to formerly known as PP Park.
I'll be doing a sock puppet show.
Stop by to win prizes and check out the Midas Play Booth from the Upset, from Pubset.
The Midas Play Booth from Pubset.
You got that?
I have no idea, but I'll be able to find out tomorrow, I guess.
3-5 today at the stadium and noon to 2 with George, little George tomorrow.
Maybe the guy with the eyes can stop by and see you.
Oh, yeah.
Right.
Tell you about his salad days on the month's...
Oh, yeah.
Come and join Keri, man.
On the monsters.
Maybe the guy with the fan-packing stop by and maybe even your buddy can stop by and find a corner to stand off and cry
Why don't you pay any attention to him?
Up with some face.
Maybe he can play some jingles.
If I'm like you into Moanaio, I can't only ask.
You can only pray that all your good buddies will show up and that will find out if we still got anybody out there.
Oh, there's a thing with Tom Delay walking.
They all walk down.
Baby, no surrender.
Yeah, Democrats walk down.
Some made a lot of hissing noises.
Like, ah, you jackass.
Crook.
Crook.
532 votes on the pool today.
And I don't care what anybody says.
George likes it.
Josh likes it.
I love it.
I think that's one of my fine pieces of work.
Although, quite frankly, maybe they'll cancel that meeting with Norma today because they don't like the tone of the pool.
I know if Greg were there, he would do that.
They don't like the tone of Neil's pool today.
Well, you don't want too bad.
Oh, yeah.
We finally got one.
Greg finally voted.
Things started going bad when Greg left.
He finally got a vote.
Anyway, the poll question today is, things started going in the toilet of QAM when, see, I just have a little residual flim in there.
Okay, for those who are wondering, just a little bit, just a tad.
But generally speaking, I got this thing licked.
I think it said, Leverquin.
No, I don't think that's what Ditter is.
Yeah, let's say that's what it is.
Well, I'm going to finish.
I'm not going to stop taking it until I'm done until I think about like 10 days.
Okay.
I don't know.
I got enough.
Plus, they expired last month anyway.
So, might as well use them.
Things started going in the toilet of QAM when Joe Rose left 98.
And Stern came on 87 days.
See, both of those are like simultaneous.
That's back when they were screwing over Joe and lying to him and Greg Reed kept setting up on all these meetings with Joe to discuss the, you know, in fact, didn't Joe allegedly, he worked without a contract there when he came back.
Yeah, it takes a guy with a big head like Joe to get screwed over the first time and treat the like crap.
And then, oh, we need you badly, Joe.
Come on, we'd like to put you on 8 to 10.
We'll put on mole from like 5 to 8.
And then we'll put you on from 8 to 10.
We'll put law on there and, you know, in confidential with this contract so that we have to extend it because the lawyer is threatening to sue.
And then we'll put Joe on 8 to 10.
And you know, the amazing part of that is that it worked out just great.
Even the mole mice, you're early in the morning.
Duh, duh, duh, duh.
People were groggy enough.
They didn't recognize the voice and thought that's okay.
He did all right.
And Joe did swimmingly well from 8 to 10.
And then we kicked Ash at that point.
And then let's see, we had Mad Dog with still on a two and Hank was on a four.
And we were kicking Ash man.
We had one big happy family.
But then they were intrigued.
And the beesleys obviously enjoy were intrigued by the idea of putting Howard's stern on here and putting Duff up in a control room with those headsets on and 75 dumb buttons.
And taking the Howard's stern show and drilling it with holes like a piece of Swiss cheese, dumping and dumping and dumping and dumping and dumping.
That worked out well, didn't it?
Oh yeah.
We get our license we knew yet.
No, I just asked.
Oh, Joe was left 98.
Stern came on 90.
So you put those two together and I think the audience actually has their finger deep inside of it.
I hate this pull 85, 15 points in present.
We know what we don't really care.
I couldn't give it in less.
If 90% said they hate this pull, this one's for us.
You know that old people about that one for you.
This one's for us.
Scott Farrell was fired 60.
60 people said that.
I think they got that one backward.
Moe was like go 40 when Moe was like go through to go.
That's when we started going in a turret.
They went all sports 33.
Now that was before we actually long before we even that's like 10, about 10, 11 years ago.
Right.
That was the beginning of the end and still.
And that's what I was.
Scott Farrell was hired 27.
I would think that have a lot more votes if they really knew what was going on than the other way around.
But they don't.
Yeah, they like that sound.
I got a big touch edge, a big rack.
Yeah.
Hank went to morning 25.
Oh, that was a bad mistake.
Stern was taken off 25.
Clarex became the PD 16.
If the people had any IDV and working, that would have a lot more votes.
But they don't.
Plus I think Robert Creeper probably erased about 100 votes.
When Neil came on 11, yeah, that was the beginning of the end.
Like Greg Reed once said to me, as we were walking down the hall from the tear room.
Before you came here, we had no ratings.
And of course, that's true.
I messed with their sports format.
And I interfered with all their one and two shares.
When Joe Bell became GM 10, and of course those 11 votes probably most of them from inside the building,
like you told me about all the sports types.
You know, bags coming over here is going to come out of the center.
Yeah, they did really well when they had like Christina Moore and Joe Zagaki on them midday.
They had those days.
Those one and two shares.
Although even then, I don't think the sports segments had quite the definitely numbers that we enjoy now.
Joe Bell, when he became GM 10, when the ticket came on here, only nine.
So evidently, the audience doesn't perceive that the ticket was the ticket to our demise.
When SCREEN got canned, seven, when SCREEN went to the can, when Chris Moore on left one,
and I'm sure that's probably a boot voted for that.
And when Greg Reed left one, I know that's great.
I can see I can tell by the squiggle under the vote, the Greg Reed squiggle out of five 59.
I think we got a chance of the thousands.
It's only 1024.
We were getting the ball rolling today, right?
By the way, Eric says he had that thing up there by 815.
Here's for, oh, I see.
That's not what I said.
That's possible, but it's not like I'm going to come in here every half hour and check to see if he's out of there, you know.
So they keep what?
So there.
Yeah, your mama.
I do like that.
Eric, your mama.
Back at you.
Eric is fine.
He does a good fine job.
I'm just not going to keep coming in here and looking and looking and looking and waiting and clicking that switch thing.
And I was swish, swish, swish.
I can only swish so much, even me.
Don't forget we got the big O.
Brock solid at the NBA finals in Dallas this afternoon and two.
I'm sure that everybody's on the edge of their seat waiting for to explode.
Of course, whether your head is that big, probably will explode one of these days, unless he puts that icy hot sleeve on his head.
Now, I got the bonefish max four to seven.
I'm sure he'll be very intensive.
Then we got seven to nine thirty.
This is a hoot.
Eric, read and Tony Ferranti.
Actually, the whole radio station has been taken over by the basketball crowd.
All the basketball writers and the sports there.
They've taken over now.
Of course, what's going to happen between the last game of the NBA finals and football season?
Please don't tell me that in Marlins, you're not going to make this great resurgence.
Anybody's going to start giving a crap about the Marlins?
Anybody care about the Marlins?
Oh, so what do we do between, you know, in fact, even I would say this year, based on the rumbling Zygab picked up,
even on April 15 or thereabouts, whatever the exact date was that Saturday for the NFL draft.
Unlike the usual hoopla, I don't perceive that it was what it usually was.
Am I wrong about that, J?
No.
It was a shadow of what we usually is.
And of course, that's because who cares about, you know, in April?
About the NFL?
Who cares about the dolphins?
Anyone when they got Danny Kullpepper's bad knee?
And everybody in, of course, no Ricky.
Ricky's here, where the R goes.
So they know that they're going to really have another horrendous year.
At best, at best, they could go eight and eight with some luck, you know, with a miracle eight and eight.
At best, when you agree with that?
I'd say eight and eight times a by right?
Yeah.
I'm saying with a little bit of luck.
They also got a chance to, oh, mate, I would say like maybe five and eleven, six and ten.
Twenty-six past.
That is so bad.
It's so cruel.
But it's true.
I'm still pissed off about Adam Beneterium.
I don't know what the hell they were thinking about.
Well, they just don't want to hog the whole thing.
You know, they won three Super Bowls in the last few years now.
Yeah, you guys are trying to make a fair.
That's right.
We're trying to level the playing field.
There's another one of those great sports sports cliches.
Let's level the playing field.
Kind of like we're doing here at the QAM, man.
We level the playing field on the sports radio.
We took that two-sharing divided right down the middle.
One for us and one for the...
Oh, that's fair.
Thank you more level than that.
Yeah.
Twenty-seven after ten at QAM, if you're a cigar smoker,
I'd like to kick back with a good fat Stogi, man, a good premium brand.
Then, but he is cigarized by Tony Brohoney.
I guarantee you is for you.
These hard-to-find cigars are made with first grade tobacco,
processed and aged up to ten years.
But he is a real boutique cigar maker, specializing in small batch,
hard-to-find tobacco.
But he, a gold-a-flag, should fly, gets a 91 rating by.
Cigar Fist Nato is cigar insider at a 9.1 rating by prestigious Schmok Magazine.
This rich flavored well-balanced full-body dinkarag when cigars got
earthy hints of dark roast coffee, chocolate, spice and pepper flavors,
it sounds like a smorgasbord.
Also, be sure to try the Beheah de Sao, the hottest release cigar in last ten months,
it gets a high rating of 91 by cigar Fist Nato cigar insider.
The De Sao is a powerful cigar, a man-old terrier of cheeks out,
and your tongue as well with complex notes of leather, earth and pepper,
that finishes long and full-bodied with additional spice and an odor of charred wood.
If you want to save yourself 40% off the price on all your Beheah cigars,
when you call to order, just tell them that Neorajuts, who did call them,
not 40% off, you'll save almost ten.
Call them toll-free, 1-800-35 by here, and then light up a big fat one.
1-800-35-BAH-I-A.
This is Neorajuts.
This is 516-Q-A-S.
Like nothing you've seen before, that's right.
Excuse me, I've seen Father.
What is it my child?
We have something I must tell you.
What is it my daughter?
Oh Father, I am afraid to tell you.
Afraid to tell me your own Father?
I fear I will be ashamed upon our family.
Lonsons, I am your Father.
I love you very much.
You must tell me what is wrong.
You promised you would still love me?
Of course my sweet child.
Of Father's love is not erased by a simple misdeed.
Very well.
I am...
I am pregnant.
Oh, I see.
Do you still love me Father?
Of course I do.
But since you're pregnant and not married...
Yes Father?
I'm afraid I must drag you down to the town square,
and with the help of my friends and neighbors,
I'll stone you today.
Oh my daughter, it is written that this is the punishment
for what you have done.
Can you check again Father?
Can I only be grounded?
No, no.
The grounding is not what I am.
I must have you stoned.
It's the first time that my focuses on a fundamentalist,
a little eastern fan.
May I speak with you, my esteemed husband?
What is it my wife?
I have something to tell you.
Am I listening?
I am having an affair.
Oh, I see.
Are you going?
After the backyard, you collect some stones.
How do you mean?
Yes, I must drag you to the town square,
where you will of course be stoned today.
You'll be in Asmrath,
say people of the lives of the Falknet family,
and they deal with the many problems that fight them.
May I speak with you, my esteemed father?
Yes, my son.
Last night I used the little drugs.
Well, what do you know?
You are a one lucky boy.
Oh, why is that father?
You are going to get stoned two nights in a row.
You are one of us.
The guiding shey.
The guiding shey, the shot on location in Baghdad,
or in the back of the house.
Of course, not that Al-Zakawi is dead.
Everything is just fine now.
At least five bombs, most of the impacted vehicles detonated
in around Baghdad yesterday killing at least 40 people entering dozens.
The latest attack of Park Car exploded at the outdoor.
I mean market in the capital killing at least 10 there were millions for others.
There was the second car bomb in the same area.
The first one killed five hundred more than a dozen.
Earlier, a car bomb in northern Baghdad killed six people in 115.
Two bombs also made a market in a police patrol and suffered morning attacks in Baghdad killing at least 19 more than 40.
So it just violence in Mayhem.
And by the way, you know something, speaking of Al-Zakawi,
and I think they were able to like, watch the blowoff.
And he was still alive.
They had him on the structure there and they carried him out.
And he mumbled some last words which I think were.
I'm dying out of here.
There's an article that appeared on the MSNBC website.
I just put it out of the thing about beheading, which I'll get to in a second,
because it made such a big deal about he was one of the worst butchers.
And he beheaded Nicholas Berg.
Yeah, right.
Well, of course our good buddies, the Saudis, they do a lot of beheadings.
And we don't say a word about that.
Remember in Fahrenheit 9-11, the scene there in Chakkaq Square?
That's right.
Where do you actually see?
And luckily it was from a pretty good distance.
So it wasn't quite as, it was still pretty grotesque.
They don't do it with one whack either, either.
No, well I sometimes, you know, if you have a rusty knife, right?
Or somebody's got a, somebody's got a thick neck, you know, like,
oh, oh yeah, you've seen some things.
Right around the bush.
But anyway, this article appeared on the MSNBC website, March 2nd, 2004.
It says, with Tuesday, by Jim McCullochewski, who's their Pentagon correspondent,
with Tuesday's attacks, everyone who saw our cowie age,
ordaining militant with ties to Al-Qaeda's now blamed for more than 700 terrorist killings in Iraq.
But NBC News learned that long before the war, the Bush administration had several chances
to wipe out his terrorist operation and perhaps kills our cowie himself,
but never pulled the trigger.
In June 2002, US official say intelligence revealed that their cowie and members of Al-Qaeda
had set up a weapons lab at Kerma in northern Iraq, producing deadly rice and cyanide.
But they decided not to pull the trigger as it says here.
The Pentagon quickly drafted plans to attack the camp with cruise missiles
and air strike sent to the White House, where according to US government sources,
the plan was debated to death in the National Security Council.
Four months later, intelligence shows our cowies plan to use rice and terrorist attacks
in Europe that Pentagon drew up a second strike plan, and the White House again killed it.
Instead of killing him, they killed the plan.
I just mentioned that in passing. That was almost four years ago.
Now, look, this business about googling priest accused.
I mean, these stories are fine. I'll put them in my paw, a pile, but Jesus.
It's like it's some kind of a challenge. You don't define a perfect,
a troubled, unpreased boy. It's like a hobby for this factor.
Anyway, getting back to the beheading business, here's a little historical background.
And probably as means of introduction we should play.
Oh my gosh! It's a severed head!
Yeah, severed head to the dead.
Beheading with a sword or axe goes back a very long way in history because, like hanging,
it was a cheap and practical method of execution in early times when a sword or an axe was always readily available.
Just like that in the Shitty, you've got sitting there on a counter. That's right.
The Greeks and the Romans considered beheading a less dishonorable and less painful form of execution
than other meat methods at the time. The Roman Empire used beheading for its own citizens whilst crucifying others.
Whilst I've never seen that's great. Whilst, whilst, whilst.
Beheading was widely used in Europe and Asia until the 20th century, but now is confined to Saudi Arabia,
Gutter, Yemen, and Iran.
Saudi Arabia publicly beheaded 33 men and one woman for murder, rape,
sodomy, and drug offenses in 2004. One man was beheaded in Iran in 2003, the first in many years.
So, as much as we're screaming about the Iranians and how barbaric they are, and of course they are crazy in a bedbug that,
I'll smite the entire job, whatever's name is. Well, I think I said it.
The Saudis, I make them look like bikers.
Right. Put them in the ill. Beheading was used in Britain after 1747,
was the standard method in Norway of Boston 1905, Sweden up to 1903, then marked in Holland until 1918,
and was used for some classes of prisoners in France up until the introduction of the Guillatern in 1792.
Oh yeah, it was a lot better. It was a quick slice. And in Germany up till 1938,
China also used it widely until the Communists came to power, replaced it with shooting in the 20th century.
Yeah, in Japan, too, you'd be heading up to the end of the 19th century prior to turn you hanging.
And that goes on. But this is pretty interesting. Well, there are two distinct forms of beheading by the sword and by the axe.
All present day beheadings are used as sword. When a person is to be decapitated with a sword,
a block is not used. They're generally made to kneel down, although they could have,
in short, be executed standing up like Danny DeVito, you could chop his head off or like George.
Right. Good chop his head off standing up or kneeling down. No, this goes on.
Oh, this is great. Saudi Arabia uses public beheading as punishment for murder, rape, drug trafficking,
assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting
assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting
assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting, assaulting
When Joe Rose left 110, stirring came on 102, which is basically pretty much the same time, same time frame, they were intrigued by the idea That's almost 35% right there. I hate this poll 93% 15% grow up already, okay, we like it grow up This is our life, this is your life because once once we're done man, you're done Scott Farrell was fired 65 when Moe was let go 44, that was the Chigren Woodpile He was the he was the ace in the hole remember that in Godfather 3
He was the one who are my ace in the holes we say in America remember that that was it after we said holy holy bath came by and the guy looked at him like what bad acting this is in fact
He should have probably assassinated him right there for bad acting while his kid was making the donkey sounds when they went all sports 38 that was Georgia's idea and he's getting a lot of support on that
That's a long time ago. Yeah, well, he should have stayed with the old music and anything oldies should have brought back Rick Shaw
When Hank went to morning's 32 that was a bad mistake when Stern was taken off the air
God third man
When Scott Farrell was fired 29 when Claris became or was hired I'm sorry. We already did the fart hired 29
When Claris became PD 18 when Neil came on 13 see we know those are all from inside the building because obviously the people are listening to the show
They like to show so they didn't vote for that so except for a couple of haters, you know
But it's inside the building the sports fraternity when Joe Bell became GM 12 those right on my ass real pain
That's when the ticket came on still in the nine, you know, they're not doing nothing
They got like a one-shear and
Square and got canned eight when Greg read left two all look at that and when Chris Moore on left one out of 610
610 oh
Must be mistake. I think there's an omen there. I think there's something. Oh look at that just to let you know
But it'd be pitaboo for that now did you send the dissuaded Brian sending this direct?
I got an email and I printed it. Oh, thanks Brian. You're on top of it man. He's all right Brian Schmutz
1043 at 560 WQM for years and years now
I've been telling you called dial amateurs like I do whenever I need new macros. That's the smart way to shop
They inexpensive the the painless way instead of going out there and getting all sweat it up moisting that expensive gas
Call one 800 macros and give her that lumpy crappy old macros
They take that away
They set up the brand new one and you're ready to go for years
They deliver within a tour wonder that's convenient for you that you tell them like noon to two one to three four four
Fourty five to six forty five. They show up on time
They've gotten eligible betting consulms and lots more and if you thought that dining one 800 macros was easy on the phone
Check out macros.com on the web shop on the web anytime
They are night with product details prices and photos
You can check out online or call to place your order and schedule delivery
Get factory direct prices lower than the chain stores even during your so-called big sales plus dial amateurs offers you 12 months financing
dial amateurs has the complete line of all the top names that you know and love and covet like silly and sirter
King Coral Simmons tempera pete and stirons and
But Anna's foster when you call one 800 macros. It's an unbeatable deal all the way around you get low prices on the best brands
You get fantastic delivery when you want them to show up and of course they set up the old
They take away the old crap and set up the new one for you
The auto macros rack number one in the world a customer satisfaction
You can be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight if you make that call right now tool free
1 800 macros
1 800 MATTR
ESC leave off the last S because it stands for sensational saving
This is meal russian
This is
W I O D. Oh I hate that station
I hear the voices
Well, it's no voice. Oh my Jesus here. Have you killed all the homo yet? We need their soul right back
There won't be any word left when you're getting back in
All for sure
I pay you
Oh
Under the side of our rack one look good
Don Rumsfeld is doing a fine job and I like the idea of blowing up lost
Yeah, that's the city of sin anyway
I mean how everyone goes there
Hey, how's where's the virgin Mary moving for a sandwich
Somewhere in front she makes great sandwiches
As the gods
He uses real hell to say it
Good day
Now
Swords
Those guys
I
10.49, it's a natural baby. It's 11 before 11. Look at this. WQIM. Hello.
You like that so far? So far? That's great. QIM.
Yeah.
Oop. Oop.
Picking up right where we left off yesterday. Well, the good news is we got that
it took them until late last night before Dan Bell sound finally got the internet back for the station.
Got the phones all unscrewed up. Man, they are really
they're they're unspeakable as what they are. Talk about the indecrised.
Well, there's the Danish Prime Minister visiting a
L Bushmeister. I'm sure we didn't bring any of those nasty cartoons from those Danish newspapers along with them.
They don't want to piss off the Arab street, you know.
It's a treat to beat your feet on the Arab street.
Feet your what? Feet.
Oh. Somebody QIM. Hello.
Yeah. I'm the Mrs. Cippy-Mud.
Somebody QIM. Hello.
Yes, so quick. From Ingo. Go west.
Ten Jenny's a jackass.
Oh, two bulletins for you there.
Little pig report. I just these people are coming on glue just relax.
Okay. We'll be on for at least another few days.
WQIM. Hello.
QIM.
I got
a
70 QIM. Hello.
I'm ready. I'm in.
Oh.
I started to share. Wow.
The shipment came in. How come nobody called me?
See, I knew it. I had this feeling, man.
It's my prescient quality. He's once again rising to the floor.
I just had a feeling. Well, you know, they got to get out of their system the next few days because after next week, I'm on vacation.
And we start that summer schedule.
So they only have me to deal with on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
And of course, you know me. You never know what I'm going to do.
I'm going to play music Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Oh, no, that's right. You're the one who plays the music. That's right.
WQIM. Hello.
QIM. Hello.
What's on the restaurant? WQIM. Hello.
Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir.
About two days ago, I think we're having the poll you had said dangerous.
A dead poll, yeah.
Okay. Somebody caught me.
A dimeback narrow.
Information is incorrect. This image.
Dimeback Freddie from 18 and 43rd.
George Mindalhoj is later.
No, I don't get to repeat that.
Yeah. Right. And you called back and repeat that.
We got to write down directions.
We left off Kim Weston off that poll.
That's value. Who else we left off there?
Oh, yeah. I forgot.
No, somebody came to me yesterday.
I wasn't really thinking about this, but it just dawned on me.
We left somebody pretty well known off of that poll.
I'm not too happy about that.
Let's redo it.
All right.
U.S. approved cervical cancer drug must have just made the flat earth society.
The right wing religious nuts.
Excuse me for my redundancy.
The U.S. is licensed and we had the story days ahead of when news media on the MSN got all whipped up about yesterday.
We talked about it earlier in a week.
U.S. is licensed the first vaccine against cervical cancer, which kills at least 290,000 women worldwide every year.
The new drug, Gardasil manufactured by Merck, is designed to be given the girls and women between the ages of 9 and 26.
It works by combating the human papaloma virus.
This vaccine is a significant advance in the protection of women's health.
So Andrew von Essen, Essenbach, acting at the AC commissioner.
But conservative groups in the U.S. argue that treating young girls before they become sexual active will encourage promiscuity.
The flat earth crowd, the antized themselves research, the anti anything that makes sense.
Everything is going to encourage promiscuity.
You know?
God almighty.
If you put down those damn grilly magazines or play boys, or play girls, whatever it is, they are just calm down a little bit.
Well, there is the Prime Minister, yeah, bringing Georgia Danish at the White House.
You think that Georgia Boyke even has any idea where Denmark is on the map?
You think he's got any glue?
Huh?
No.
You think it's Copenhagen or something that you put between your cheeking gum and get a little pinch?
You know what it is, pure, pure and such?
Oh.
Is that what it is?
Yes it is.
7QYM, hello.
Hi, Neil, please.
Speaking.
Neil.
Yeah.
I am calling, actually, I haven't called you yesterday, but there was a caller that had, you did, you know, on that day.
He couldn't believe he had a blackberry, I guess, and he decided that he couldn't take it anymore.
He was calling, you know, weed themself off of it.
Personally speaking, the blackberry has been the best thing that ever happened to me.
Oh, I agree, I love my blackberry.
I mean, it puts me out of my game, I keep on talking, my email is through the course of the day.
If I'm out of town, it's just, it's actually made me a lot more...
When I lost it, it was pending, it looked like they might get shut down or something.
I was having a nervous-scoff conibction, I was having a fit.
I was having that ten times more.
Right.
But I just wanted to let you know, you know, I think...
I think we got a big crack problem, but don't make Oprah, you know.
It's crackberry.
Okay, good luck to Pally.
I'll be SMSing you any second now.
644 votes on our poll today.
A very important poll.
The future of this radio stage in our careers, hinges in the balance.
Of course, we have that big summit meeting in noon today with Norma Kent and Joe Bell and Josh Dero.
Clarence.
Ha-ha-ha!
Oh, man.
Yeah.
But definitely not.
Actually, I'm going to take a lot of calls today.
I'm just in that mood.
Well, setting it up for, you know, your being on vacation next week.
Josh is going to be screaming all the calls next week.
Oh, I don't get something.
I can't wait.
You're not going to be.
We don't do that.
We will never.
I'll take it one thing no matter what.
Under any circumstances, I will never go back to doing it again.
Let's talk to Tom and Tamarack.
Oh.
I'm going to tell you this.
So that is the worst caca.
You know, that went out with Nickers on White Box and with what was his name?
And with Vikuna Coats.
Who?
Rudy Valley.
Oh.
Remember Rudy Valley, the old Kooner from like the 1920s from before?
Of us were born.
No, you know.
I mean, do you just remember hearing about him?
That's right.
Rudy Valley.
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
What's all the fault?
Man.
1057 at 560 WQM and of course we apologize for the fact that we're not NBAing in here between 10 and 2 but you know what?
Too bad.
When we came to the station that was the beginning of the end.
Hey all you horse racing fans and poker players, Pomfano Park racing and poker is got all the gambling action you want.
We'll also feature Samuel Cascio, the Belmont six, the Saturday June 10th.
Dave Johnson is going to be calling any second out about the Belmont.
You don't have to waste any extra Gancid reference then you have to order to watch and wait around the third leg of the triple crown.
Poppano Park will feature early word of weight during the Belmont.
Today starting at 1pm and then tomorrow Saturday June 10th you can watch and wait during the Belmont plus the last two races from Belmont Park.
Come be part of the crowd as they root home the winner of the third leg of the triple crown.
Poppano Park will also have free pass performance pages for the Belmont field.
Just a half mile from both I and I, 95 in the turn, Poppano Park is easy to get to and best of all they offer you free admission, free general parking every stinking day.
Live harness racing in the great smoke free poker room is open every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.
Poker gets underway noon goes on all the way to midnight. You can plunge your guts and live racing gets underway nightly at 7.25 in the pm, including of course tonight.
And don't miss out on dollar night Wednesdays at Poppano. That's when draft beer, sodas, hot dogs and more.
Just a bucket piece starting at 6pm. Highly approved by Hollis Rieger.
So don't come out, forget to come out tomorrow Saturday June 10th.
Watch and plunge your lungs on the Belmont steaks at Poppano Park.
A black South Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the current racing schedule called 954-972-2000 around the wicked web, Poppanopark.com.
This is Neil Rodgers. This is 5.62 AF.
It's Friday, you bastard.
If you love delicious, could be in Omaha steaks, but we're on something a bit more exotic than you got to try.
Belmont steaks.
Mmm, I love it. Smarty Joe's. Leave you rare.
That's right. We slaughter horse racing's finest past champions.
Thrap them in colorful selves, then overnight them straight to your home.
Come on, another jocomoverter.
I do. I'm so hungry I could eat a horse.
Well, now you can. Thanks to Belmont steaks.
When the triple crown of great taste, try new Belmont steaks.
Anything less is just logging on dead horse.
Oh, that's bad. Hi, Dave.
You got beef out thick.
That was sick. Well, it's a sick show for sick people. That's me sick.
I thought it was bad.
The billow Riley was bad.
Oh, now that's a shot.
Next year, I got something special for you. I was going to save it for a couple minutes,
but I'm going to play it right now that you're like almost as good as that.
Oh, this is careful.
A gifted one speaks here, Howard on ABC.
Oh, cell. In action.
Now we're even okay.
Boy, you know how to earn a guy.
Yeah, now we're even for that billow Riley comment.
Oh, are you?
I'm okay. It's the third leg of the cripple crown tomorrow. That's bad.
But he said what's going on, man? And of course,
did I give you like Bertordini in the last time we talked for the pregnancy?
It was my one of my top two picks.
I think so.
And he's not running tomorrow.
No, he's sitting in the barn.
He should be though, but tell me I was going to ask you that.
Why is he not in there?
You know, I wonder if they're more afraid of losing than they are at the joy of winning.
They've got one triple crown race under his belt.
And the other thing, Neil, is that nobody cares anymore about breeding a horse
that won a mile and a half race because everything is speed, speed, speed in America.
Right.
You know, so they won the pre-knot.
The mile of three sixteenths, that's enough for them, I guess.
Well, I don't know the way he raced in there. You think that a mile and a half would be perfect for him.
He came from off the pace and he closed like a, I pulled away in the stretch.
It was a great race for him.
You know, it really is a terrible shame what happened to Barbara.
But it had Barbara's, you know, completed the race.
I mean, that would have been a hell of a race. I think Barbara might have won.
But he wouldn't have won by six or seven lengths like he did the derby.
I need to ask you something about that Barbara situation.
Of course, you've been doing this for a hundred years.
But when he broke through the gate, now, you know, you call cheap claiming races.
And I've seen him myself at the track where a horse breaks through the gate or gets loose or something,
even for just a few seconds.
The track veterinarian comes and he kind of like checks him out and they, you know,
goes to the whole thing before they decide whether to scratch him or not.
I'm not saying they were going to scratch Barbara, but it seemed to me that they were an offer hurry to get him back into the gate
and get the race started.
I couldn't be wrong about that. But it didn't seem to me.
There was like any real examination of what happened when he broke through the gate.
Well, the examination by the track vet at the gate is by the eye.
And had Edgar Prado thought anything was wrong, he would have certainly said something to the vet who was there at the gate.
You see this every day at tracks across the country, horses break through the gate.
If you bet on that horse, I don't want to have them on my ticket, but it's too late basically to change.
I don't think he heard himself when he broke through the gate.
I really want to leave my harness racing, Dave, is that the horses don't break through the starting gate.
I've never seen that one.
Although I have seen the starting gate caught in a mud, so that's another story.
No, nothing's perfect.
Where was that?
In Northville, Downs in Detroit.
It was like the winter meet and the track got stuck in a mud.
And with my luck, you know, the five horse starts right directly behind the car in the middle.
And of course, now this is a true story.
This is another way to lose a back.
Right, and I did.
The wings of the gate over the car opened and the car is stuck there in a mud and it was just thawing, you know.
And the horses one through four get away fine and six through eight on the outside get away.
And here's my five horse stuck behind the car.
So that's your right, another way to tear up a ticket.
Oh, they didn't give you your money back?
No, they, and I was pretty peered about that.
They should have refunded.
Wouldn't you think they would refund?
Oh, I, you should have got your money back.
I'm going to go back there now and demand it back.
You know what?
You're telling my sent you.
One thing I've noticed about the difference between American harness tracks and not that we want to get off on that tangent again.
And Canadian is that in Canada, a horse like breaks before the start and gets away out of contention.
And you'll see the inquiry go up right away and very often they'll refund the money because the betters didn't get a fair shake on that.
I've never seen that in American track.
No, they should too, especially if he goes up straight early enough for them to put the inquiry sign up.
I think the more you do that for the, for the fans of the better off the game isn't a long run.
Yeah, give us a little break.
You know, give us a chance.
That's all that matters.
Yeah, it doesn't cost so many.
They think they just refund the money.
Come on.
Okay, now listen, I didn't do much homework for this race tomorrow.
You want to know why?
Because every time I do that and I get, I look at the racing form online, you know, and I try to, like brother Derek, he's his counterfeit is a $75 bill.
You know, it's coming to fine.
I got locked in.
I looked at those lines and looked at me like he was going to be really great.
And he, you know, they can talk about he came in fourth, but a distant fourth in both races.
He was a phony.
Yeah, he just didn't pan out there.
He, he, he, he, and he was the big horse from the West Coast, but I was never on his bandwagon, but that's probably not why he didn't do it.
And I think that did it.
We can always blame you.
So who'd you pick this?
I just picked three based on the trainer and the jockey in a morning line.
I just, I don't know, just my gut and, you know, I picked survivor with Todd Plecture and Raphael Bay, Haran was the jockey.
That's what I'm in a river.
What did I come?
Survival.
Survival.
I don't know, survivor.
Well, I'm hoping, I'm just hoping to survive the mile and a half.
It's a sun river.
Did I say survivor?
Well, I'll pick.
Okay.
All right.
So far, if we're, if we're going to pick three now, you know, that's right.
If we're going to pick three, I'll take sun rivers.
One of my own.
Okay.
Bob and John.
Okay.
He's a bad for it.
Yeah.
Bob's bad for it with Garrett Gomez.
Garrett Gomez and hell of a jockey man.
He's how does a firecracker?
No, you're going to go any farther.
Yeah.
You know, the last time that we had a Belmont without a derby or a preekness winner,
a horse named Commendable won the race.
You remember?
Just waiting.
Wayne Lucas, a long shot.
Oh, yeah.
That's right.
And he had finished 17th in the Kentucky Derby.
Right.
So Bob and John finished 17th in the Kentucky Derby.
He just reached on your side, Neil.
I see.
Well, without a shot.
That's even worse than the Bill O'Reilly shot.
And the other one that I picked is Steppenwolf for with Robbie Alvarado.
Well, boy, he should love the distance.
But, you know, he's going to be coming from...
He's got to come from far out of it.
Yeah.
He's got the dreaded 11 holder.
But, you know, a mile and a half, does it really make that much difference?
No, it doesn't.
No, because it's a long run to the first turn.
Right.
In fact, the finish line at Thoma is like in the middle of the track.
And Eddie Maple, the jockey told me that sometimes when a horse turns for home,
and he looks up and he sees that enormous stretch.
He doesn't know that he only has to run half way up.
Honest to God.
And he said it'll take a horse a couple times before at Thoma,
before he realizes that he doesn't have to run full speed all the way to the next turn.
What was the horse that Eddie Maple had that ran against Secretariat that got really...
Just eaten into the ground.
What was that horse?
That ran against Secretariat?
I think so.
Maybe it was against one of the other big triple crown winners.
Well, Eddie actually wrote Secretariat in his final race up in Canada.
I don't think it was...
Well, Sham was the horse that...
That was Nitty Maple.
No, that was Sham.
I think it was Blasquez actually.
But Sham was the horse who, in any other year,
would have won the triple crown himself.
They said that Secretariat broke his heart.
Which I think is getting a little bit carried away, but we get a little more.
Yeah, that's a fill of Riley's story.
Yeah, that's a Howard Coastal story.
That's how yesterday picks for Adam Arles.
Well, I'll take Son River.
I like that.
Survivor.
Yeah, whatever you want.
Call him by the number.
I'll pull him out.
Tom Elbetrani won the preckness with Bernardini.
He's got a horse called Deputy Glitters in there.
And they're Prado.
And they're like Prado.
So, you know, I'm thinking maybe there's a horse that has a shot.
I think you've been listening to Hank too much.
Hank at the end of his show yesterday, he gave out half of the field,
which is like covering your big fat butt big time.
Who did he pick on top?
Because I want to throw that one out.
I don't know.
I think he said the Deputy Glitters with the Prado.
Look out.
He said, look out for all of them.
Sorry, I can pick about a half a dozen.
Well, you know, that's how Hank, did he better take him out of every horse in a race?
I wouldn't be surprised.
It's like he got it.
The tout of the track who says, I know the winner of this race.
Tell me who you think it is.
And I'll let you know if you're right.
Tom River, you're like.
And Deputy Glitters, and who else?
I'll take Bob and John too.
Wow.
You were giving me a grief about that a minute ago.
No, but you know, I'll tell you, the trainer Bob Bafford, the Jackie Garrett Gomez boy,
you got two terrific professionals there.
And this horse ran huge at Aqueduct.
But that was a sloppy track.
Now, the sun's out here in New York this morning, Neil.
It looks like it'll dry out.
I think we'll have a fast track for tomorrow.
Yeah.
So now, let me just say this.
If Bob Bafford, if that horse wins a race in the afternoon,
if you went after the race, don't let him swear on New York, and that was bad.
Did he not wear?
Wouldn't that him?
I don't know.
See, I'm doing the radio, and I don't, you know, I guess the...
Well, I realize that, but I'm just saying, generally speaking, for the crew.
And of course, Hank was lamenting the fact that here we get the race with no barb,
or no Bernadini, no brother Derek.
Nobody really, of any great note, and now ABC gets the TV, which he wasn't, you know.
Smile, there you go.
So it's kind of like the Stanley Cup finals.
You know, nothing could be finer than the Static Carolina.
I mean, ending to be Carolina.
The people NBC have to be committing suicide over that.
Well, now, what about the heat?
You know, how bad is that?
So, come on, I mean, you know, I really thought that they had a chance.
I still do, actually.
Well, let me just say this to you.
Ask me if I care, okay?
And then that'll solve that.
Oh, Neil, what do you care?
I'll give you an answer.
Oh, no.
There you go.
It's not my bag, you know.
You can't be at everything.
That's one of those things I'd never have any interest in.
I just like hockey.
Love hockey.
Love horses.
Love the horses.
Love harness racing.
Now, let me ask you this question, because you finally admitted last time we took the U.L.
Those early days when you were on there with Stan Verstein and Spencer Ross on racing from
Alcatraz Roosevelt, used to call harness racing at the metal land.
I did.
Who was your favorite driver?
Who did you like?
I thought that John Campbell just was eating.
Yeah.
He was so cool all the time.
And, you know, he got the most out of the horses.
Now, it looks like Ron Pierce has, you know, has taken up the mantle there.
Brian Sears, man.
Brian Sears.
Brian Sears is a little guy.
He's always seen to have two men.
You know, many years ago, my late friend Alan Finkelson introduced me to John Campbell at
Pompe no Park.
He brought him up because he knew I'd be thrilled to meet him.
There was a guy, not just great talent, but what a classy guy.
He was a very impressive guy.
What a talk about Alan Finkelson for a second.
What a fun person he was.
Yeah.
Wasn't he great?
There will never be another.
He was a one and only.
You know, after they made him, they threw them all the way.
He was just phenomenal.
He actually probably did more good for the sport than any single person, especially in Florida.
Yeah.
He was great.
Well, what if I talk about the Hamiltonian?
You want to pick that now, too?
I'll put you in an early bird.
Come on, I'll bet you an early bird dinner that you can't come up with a horse that's in the money for the Hamiltonian.
You're right about that because I have no horse that's going to be in the Hamiltonian.
That man's he's not too happy with you today.
I'll tell you that.
He's going to get some of his relatives after you if you don't want you.
Well, listen, have a great race tomorrow.
Neil, it's always great to talk to you.
Take care of yourself and we'll see you next May.
Bye-bye.
Take care, Dave.
Okay, there's Dave Johnson.
And there's his picks in my picks.
I got my finger in my right nostril.
Now I'm doing a few more picks.
Well, I got him with that cosol thing.
I got him even through.
Yeah, Bill O'Reilly.
I'm 1114 at 560 WQIM.
I was sitting, I didn't want to tell him this because he might have taken it through a long way.
He's always got a good sense of humor.
But I was on the throne this morning and I was knowing that we were going to talk to Dave again.
11 o'clock this morning.
I thought to myself, very few people in any industry would you think of as being legendary?
Okay.
And Dave would be one of them, you know, as far as race calling.
He's a legendary, him and Durkin, you know, legendary.
I was sitting on the throne when I thought that.
Exotic, am I mean, huh?
Well, that's not important.
It's not a shot or anything, but I'm just saying that's where I was.
It's a little of a matter of time when you're sitting there without any reading material.
Think of strange things.
Exotic, am I me be sure to have a fun and exciting venue for the public to purchase the hot coffee?
The hottest new products and services from the adult industry.
Oh, my God.
Need adult stars, including Jenna Jameson and the club Jenna girls, Tara Patrick and lots more.
Take pictures you can brag about for years.
Shop for something sexy and the largest adult marketplace on the East Coast.
Enjoy entertainment on stage with that's ranging from the comedic stylings of Ron Jeremy.
To a 15 person male and female group group performance.
Enjoy hours of entertainment.
Broil ice, cock body, contest and more.
Whatever way you decide to celebrate your sexiness, such as it is,
enjoy it with exotic at the Miami Beach Convention Center promises to be a memorable, a memorable experience.
Go to their website, exoticamami.com.
That's with triple X's of course, three X's, exoticamami.com.
Buy your tickets there, check out who's coming and get in for one nightly after parties.
exoticamami.com today through Sunday the 11th this weekend at the Miami Beach Convention Center.
Must be 18 and over with Vail of ID and believe me, they'll be checking you from top to bottom.
Exoticamami Beach, a celebration of sexy.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 AF.
For you, Drudge Packen.
The following is a paid political message.
American Idol finalist Taylor Hicks calls his followers the sole patrol.
But don't be fooled.
The sole patrol is as free again.
Do we want the next American Idol to be the leader of a group of ruthless criminals?
Don't be a victim of a drive by twitching.
This Tuesday, say no to gang violence.
Say no to Taylor Hicks.
By the way, we're by the friends of Catherine McFee.
The smoke they just sent that the email that you send all the facts.
Yeah, yeah.
Do you think I'm going to waste my time with that?
I know you've got a lot of money, okay?
Sucking up to Jeb Bush in a great economy in Yadda.
Yeah, yeah.
The wealthy guy, blah, blah.
All there is.
And of course, there is no more middle class.
So you can't go right in there.
We're all rich, according to that.
That's correct.
Just to sit back and thank all the Bush people.
And thank goodness for our friend Banda, our Bush man in the Saudis.
For those low gas prices too.
Thank you, Mr. President, for those low gas prices in all those 2500 dead Americans
and those thousands and thousands and thousands all the murder and mayhem in Iraq.
Speaking of man culture, here's a lovely picture of man with her gigantic Adam Zappel.
Bigger fist.
Appearing on the cover of her latest manifesto, Godless the Church of Liberalism
adored with a wooden crucifix necklace, right wing-punted and colder takes on liberals
on explicitly religious grounds.
In folkiness sectarian rhetoric of the Christian right,
colder denounces liberalism as the opposite party to God.
And a comprehensive belief system designed the Christian belief
amends immortal soul.
What a bunch of gobbling-gook you silly ass.
You fair bitch!
Colder fills the pages of Godless with the text on Hollywood,
a traditional Christian right boogie man.
Oh, there's that boogie man again.
And quote in controversial Holocaust and iconos Joseph Sobran,
a sales public school for teaching in a malgum of liberalism,
panophemmonism, Darwinism and the Playboy philosophy,
rather than biblical truth.
Colder also calls the Episcopal Church barely even a church.
Yet, Colder is curiously reticent in Godless about her own religious convictions.
No where in her book, for instance, does Colder declare whether she belongs
to a particular religious denomination,
nor does she state where or even if she attends religious services?
In between hanging out with Miss Fudge.
On April 17th, man, I'll tell you if there's any group of people that I absolutely despise
their two groups I'm going to give you right now.
And of course Miss Fudge is in two of the both groups.
Okay.
Self-hating fags and self-hating Jews.
Yeah.
Nevertheless, moving on.
No where in her book does she say,
even where if she attends religious services,
in April 17th, 2005, Article in Time Magazine by John Klaug,
provided a rare description of Colder's attendance of church,
as Klaug suggested that she's been a regular attendee of New York City's
Redeemer Presbyterian Church to which she brings a lot of people.
In his article, Klaug described the company in Coder to Redeemer.
He says,
not long ago I went to church with Coder,
Redeemer Presbyterian and Evangelical Congregation Manhattan.
The actor Ron Silver also tagged along.
Colder brings lots of people in church including at one time an ex who is Muslim and ex.
Pastor Timothy Keller spoke of the importance of allowing ones hard to be
melted by the sense of God's grace because of what he did in the cross for you.
When contacted by Ross Story, however,
Redeemer Presbyterian's communications and media director Krigin Krook
could not confirm that Coder would ever attend its services at the church.
The only thing I ever heard is hearsay that she's an attendee of Redeemer Krigin said
our database shows that she is not a member.
Krigin added that wealthy celebrities routinely asserted a doobies connection to his congregation,
people from Robin Williams to Diane,
sorry I have claimed to attend services here,
but I don't actually know if they have.
And I don't know anybody that would have seen Ann Coder,
we don't even really know her.
How you like that?
Not that you would like to understand.
I don't understand.
Man Coder.
Not that you would do something devious and dishonest like that, bitch.
Did you hear that?
Did you hear that?
Did you hear that?
Yeah, she's got a man of Pesto.
And a big Adam's apple, right?
Don't forget you're on the QM street team today from 3 to 5 p.m.
I'm getting choked up about it.
And tomorrow with George from Noon to Two,
if they were really used to our sales event at Dolphin State in P.P. Park,
you're Robbie State and whatever you call it.
Stop by to win prizes and check out my display booth from Pubset.
George will be there, he's going to have all kinds of good stuff for you.
You like him, give me your best wishes.
That's right.
And maybe a kiss on the cheek.
I'll annoy them with oil.
Give me a guy with the eyes, a kiss on the lips.
Of course it's going to be on the cheek.
Just like that kiss that.
Michael gave to Frato.
Right, yeah.
Remember that kiss?
I'll have an authorized agent do that.
I know, but you said I'll.
You broke my heart.
What?
You broke my heart.
Here's that magic again that Neil uses to play them Godfather clips.
How do you do that?
Ah, it's magic.
It's a secret.
Like Rick Shaw would say, it's magic.
704 votes on the poll so far.
Today we're doing okay.
We got a shout out of the clouds.
And I think, what do you think, Josh?
It's in the bag, man.
It's in the bag.
I think we're writing.
I think we're going to be in the bag.
I will be a little later.
You know, you better watch your liver, man.
Don't you remember what David Crosby said?
Treat your liver well?
Hey, I'm healthy, man.
Yeah, we're now.
Now, but later on in life when it catches up to you,
when you get ponchy and fat and ill,
I won't be around to give you any more good advice.
You can come to me and put some pansies on my toonstone.
I'm not going to have any toonstone.
Let me ask you, what are the, I guess there's just nothing
when you're cremated?
Well, they keep you at a box.
Some tell you they're at an urn.
Right.
And then they stick you like on the mantelpiece like a door.
That's right.
I probably should have done that.
They ask you that when you get your dog's cremated
to get up the ashes.
Oh, there's tiny up on the fireplace,
whereas I don't have a fireplace.
I've got too many fireplace in Florida.
Oh, you know, bookshelf.
Things started going in the toilet at QM when Joe Rose left
123.
When Stern came on 118.
And since that was like simultaneously aside by each,
you can really add those two together.
You got 34%.
We were doing, we were kicking ass, man.
Big, fat, smelly, gross ass.
We were kicking it.
Old-style, news-style.
We were doing just fine.
Even with a moment,
we were doing it in the morning, which is a good spot for them.
If we still had the same deal going right now,
I guarantee you we'd have double the numbers we got.
I guarantee you that.
I'll bet you most life on it.
Let's revisit that.
Mo5-8, Joe Rose 8-10, us 10-2.
That's like right at 10.
Not whenever Stern felt like finally giving it up.
We had mad dog 2-4 and Humper 4-7.
We were kicking big, gigantic, juicy butt.
Butt, juicy butt?
Yeah, I've seen it.
Alright.
Smell it too.
I hate this poll 106, 14.9% get with it.
Okay, get a life.
We like it a lot.
It's salient.
Whatever that means.
When Scott Ferrell was fired, 75, they like Ferrell.
When Mo5-1, you see that?
When he was here, they hated him.
They wouldn't market down in a book.
They did everything in their power to destroy that man.
Just like Joel Feinberg is doing to us.
Anything evil I could do to poor Mo.
What do you ever do to them? I mean we know what he did to us. That's another story try to get us all fired when Moe was let go 51
Well, they went all sports 46 George's got a weiner there. It's going over pretty well
When Hank went for mornings 40 that's not looking pretty and look at that 5.6 percent you see the 56
The only problem is just like with Hank's number the decimals in the wrong place when steering was taken off 35
When Scotts are all was hired 32 and I think that was actually that was like the beginning of the end
Right what it was right after the
Janet Jackson
Bobby flap up to Super Bowl
I've ever seen that I know seriously you could knock me over with the feather
I couldn't believe it. I mean right now when he FCC is promising to put everybody in jail if they say crap
And now we're putting Scott for all on here or
Clarece became PD 21 there's no point even commenting on that Joe Bell became GM 19
But he as well Joe Bell. He's a good glad hander when Neil came on 15
That was the beginning of the end of the sports dynasty when screw in got can 10 when the ticket came on here still
I'm not on something to wave a oh my god when Chris more on left four and when Greg read left only two only appear
I'm sure he and I know someone else was too. I can't I can't mention her name
I'm sure it's not Marilyn is x-wife
27 past 11 at 5.60 by the way
We don't miss you at all Greg and thanks for screwing up the station leaving this mess for everybody else to clean up
It's like a big elephant comes into your house and squats and just leave
Oh, and then just a lot more back out again right off the back door or however it squeezed in
When elephant starts squeezing too much, you know you've got tourists
Speaking of tourists everybody their brothers worried about termites right now
There's that big piece in the herald day that about those four most in termites. There's big is
His eggplants and they are ravenous man once they get in
They don't leave anything behind so if you think you might have termites in your house or you know that you do
Stop it right now before they chew your place to bits and your house too call ridded pest control for a free
No obligation termite inspection. They'll come to your home just like George had him in there today
Now what did they find stuff you said oh?
Yeah, they're gonna set the house on fire
They're gonna pour gasoline on it and set it up and then have like a
Ceremony to backyard right from the crucify your ass
ridded pest control uses that amazing orange roll treatment that kills termites and the wrecks down a percent on contact
In fact, they're gone faster than you can say Todd Rex and idiot if you have termites
It's the best possible way to get rid of them. You don't have to tend your house which yeah
I can't emphasize enough how unseen you that is it's so embarrassing like sending a message
Stay out of this neighborhood. It's contaminated. You don't have to worry about poison is gas
No, we'll be out or staying in hotels and motels like a stepchild for days and weeks at a time
No worry about food or pets in your health even if your pets are like in an urn on the fireplace
They treat your home with this amazing orange roll
You don't have to leave it all in fact when the folks at ridded pest control have done tweeting your property
The only thing left behind is the clean set of oranges for just a few days
It's true if you have a termite problem call ridded pest control right now find out a bit of his amazing orange roll treatment
It kills termites and the wrecks 100 percent on contact no tending no BS no kidding call right now for a free
No obligation inspection. They'll check it out for you call 1 800 4 4 7 4 3 4 3 4 8
That's 1 800 4 4 7 4 3 4 8 when you call be sure until that Greg Reed told you to call 1 800 4 4 7 4 3 4 8
This is Neil Rogers, lookForLith 6s page determinant
AN
Hey you faster
Thank flavor
Across the line
Set troops to the quarter, who won't take no breath?
Trigger fingers in sheep, just cut back from the rack
Down along the border, near the real ramp
We're chaining the guards man away, trying to be blind in the sand
They won't keep body cover, and they can even get a tan
Won't see no car farmers, just fixing our little van
There's no one named Mohamad, but a lot of men named Ron
And they don't want to kill you, just want to know your own own
Down on the border, only USA, pushing the guards man to try
And keep the Mexican's away
Did he say they just want a mole?
That was a little cutie on here, shot at the...
Somebody QIM, hello?
QIM, yes sir!
I think you got to do a fire and say you're hired, Joyce, the bitch
Oh yeah, the mole!
That's a good choice, thanks for giving me your...
Thanks a lot, Pally, excellent, how can we forget that bitch?
Let's see, things started going in the toilet QIM when the beesley, when they hired Joyce
That's why I needed to put the hired Joyce
That she will go zooming past everybody like they're in reverse
Is there any doubt?
No
Bitch, hateful bitch
Of course she's two doors away from Carol and Beasley
You know, if she's sitting there, I'm gonna protect her license
Yeah, how come any way to one help to put the stern on you or Damier lost it?
How come she's not taking the fall for that?
Huh?
That's what I would like to know
When a corporate legal who has no background in radio whatsoever and is eminently and totally and thoroughly unqualified
To be making any decisions about anything having to do with radio, much less owning one
When she's in charge in calling the shots on this show, then you know we're in deep, deep, elephant manure man
You can smell it like drowning in a sea of it
You know how I keep talking about elephant manure this morning?
Yes we work
Because I think that's the general aroma of it, for you in a coma
Thank God it's that time of the year man, how did I last this far?
Wow, it seems like only about 17 years since that last summer schedule
God
Speaking of all the good stuff, freedom's on the march in Iraq, your freedom's on the march
See this just goes back to what I said before about to be heading
Okay, the mainstream media they won't tell you a damn thing about you know
Michael Moore had a show in the Fair night 9-11, the Chop Chop square to be heading right there in a public square
These barbarians
But you know they won't show you that but they'll show you the thing with Alzer, Kauya, Nicholas, Berg, and this and that
But it'd be, oh he's a barbarian
Well yeah, so are most of those people that were in bed with you know, the Bush families in bed with them
Those bed wings
Freedom's on the march and for the women of Iraq the war is just beginning since this article by Terry Judd in Basra
The women of Basra have disappeared
Three years after the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq women's secular freedoms once the enemy of women all across the Middle East
Have been snatched away because the militant because militant Islam is rising across the country
What we've done is basically created another Iran you know for all the rumblings about Iran and all of us other
We've just created another one side by each across Iraq a bloody and relentless oppression of women has taken hold
Many women had their head shape for refusing to wear a scarf and have been stoned in the street for wearing makeup
Others have been kidnapped and murdered for crimes that are being labeled simply as inappropriate behavior
The answer actually gets to fragile and barely functioning state has left the country prey to extremists who whose notion of freedom doesn't extend to women
In a British occupied south where Makta'a al-Saudr is left the army retained the stranglehold
Women insist the situation is at its worst here. They're forced to live behind closed doors only to emerge conceit behind scarves, hidden behind husbands and fathers
I'm clean!
Even wearing a pair of trousers and considering active defiance punishable by?
Yeah, death
One bazaar woman only as Dr. Kaffaya was working in the women and children's hospital at the University of the University when she started receiving threats from extremists
She defied them then one day a man walked into the building and guess what he did?
I give up, murdered her
Oh god!
Iman, that's what she said
Iman Aziz, one of the first women to speak publicly about the danger, said
There were five people on the death list with Dr. Kaffaya, they were threatened if you continue working you'll be killed too
Many women are too afraid to complain but fearful that their rights will be eroded for good, some are taking the courage to step up speaking out
Dr. Kaffaya was only one of many professional women murdered in recent months speaking to the British independent newspaper near Sodom's old palace in the middle of Basra
Mrs. Aziz, we're off names of their other dead friends
Three of our university class members have been killed since the invasion including a friend Shida and her sister
They were threatened one day they returned to their house with two other women, they were all shot
Her language is chillingly perfunctory
And my friend Lubna, she was with their fiance, they shot him in the arm and then they killed her in front of me she explained
Then there were two sisters who worked in Laudmire at the Basra Palace base with a Shrushi briefly detailed each life cut short
Murdered, butchered
Under Sodom women played little part in political life but business women academics travel the country unchallenged
While their daughters mixed freedom of male students of university under that evil Sodom, that evil doer
Now, even the most emancipated woman feels cowed
Like those pictures you saw in the inquiring data, that's right
A television producer, R.H. Al-Soul Tan, 27, Al-Axile, says
It is much more worse for women in the south, I blame the British for not taking the strong stand, where do you know them Brits?
Sajida Hanun Al-Abebe, body, boo-a-booty, 37-odd-like Mrs. Aziz is now taking the word in his headscarf, said
Women are being assassinated
We know the people behind it are saying we have a fatwa, these are not good women, they should be killed
They're unclean
Behind the wave of insurgent attacks the violence against women who dare to challenge the Islamic orthodoxy is growing
Fatwa is banning women from driving or being ceded out alone or regularly issued
Infiltrated by militia, the police are unwilling or unable to crack down on the fundamentalists
Mrs. Al-Abebe said after the fall of the regime, the religious extremist parties came out of the streets and threatened women
All of the extremists are in the minority to control powerful positions that they control Basra
DaVinci are on the streets today without a male relative is to risk attack, humiliation or kidnap
A journalist, Shaptar Karim said I was driving my car one day when someone just cracked into me and drove me off the road
If a woman seen driving these days is seen driving, it's considered a violation of men's rights
There is fear that Islamic law will become enshrined in new legislation, Mrs. Aziz said
In the Muslim religion if a man dies his money goes to a male member of the family
After the Iraqi ran war there were so many widows that sought him to change the law so he would go to the women and children
Now they changed it back, so it only goes to the men
Mrs. Al-Abebe estimated that as many as 70% of women in Basra have been widowed by constant conflicts
You see widows on the streets begging at the intersections, begging like shluppers
Spare some change Mr. That's how they say it, you know, like Canadians
Spare some change, have a nice day and Cox a hoist
They can't even use that ultra-boy life
No, they can't use that normal, it's certainly not there
They definitely take him to Chop Chop Square on the cat-link and chop it
I'm thinking that's what we need to do man
They work very well, they're in the crusades in the acquisition, they've got to start it up again
Turn everybody into a good cat, the Pope will help out
He's a Nazi, he can make them all an order they can't refuse
We don't have to worry about no Muslims in Jews and atheists, agnostics and Buddhists, scientists, you know
You're fairy!
Stuff like that
That's what they need to do
Or do what I suggested yesterday and just nuke all the Middle Eastern countries, flatten them
And I realize they're not already extremists or in those countries
But I would think wouldn't it send like a message?
Yeah, like a dot-buff
Yeah, like cut the crap or you're next
That's basically what we need to do then
Then quit having a whole world hanging like by tether hooks, whatever that means
We need to see if we're going to be alive or dead based on all these ancient hatreds
All these ancient religious and tribal hatreds
Good, golly, Miss Mali
If you're a cigar smoker, like to kick back with a good premium fat one and a cigar too
Then be he a cigar's by Tony Brahani is absolutely for you
These hard to find cigars are made with first grade tobacco processed and aged up to ten years
But he is a real boutique cigar maker and they specialize in small bags trying to find tobacco
But he a gold a flagship lion gets a 91 rating by cigar fishing out of cigar insider
9.1 rating by Schmoke Magazine
This rich flavored well balanced full-bodied Nicaragua cigars got earthy hints of dark rose coffee, chocolate spice and pepper flavors
Also tried that we hear the sale
This one is the hottest release cigar in the last ten months, way too late to get a hold of one of these babies
It's a high rating of 91 by cigar fishing out of cigar insider
The sale is a big powerful strong cigar man
You'll be coughing and choking up our store and you'll be gagging on it with complex notes of leather, earth and pepper
That finishes long and full-bodied with additional spice in the Nordic chart
When you pull one of these in your place, you'll know you're a real man
Or 3C40% off on Bihia cigars be sure in some of the Nicaragua judges since you say 40% off the regular cost
If you call this toll free number and mention my name, 1-800-35 Bihia
That's 1-800-35 Bihia i
This is Neil Roger
This is 5.69 A1
The fact in the church
Ladies and gentlemen, if I could offer only one tip for the future
Act strange and people will leave you alone
The rest of my advice has no basis more reliable than my own meandering experience
Put a slinky around your neck and try to walk downstairs backwards headfirst
Sit naked in a large bowl of rice crispsies and sing feelings while the kernels go snuck crackle and pop
Go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your head to the hole where they say how much
Lick, a stranger
Tell him you're from Bosnia and your country it's a sign of respect
Take lots of pills, one of them might work
Occasionally ask the stranger they've heard anything from Lewis
Be annoying
During an IRS audit, staple the guy's hand to his desk
Moon, a funeral
Play GoFetch with a C&I dog while he's working
Run naked through a mall yelling
Kill a B's, kill a B's
Say the word, Teddy, without smiling
Try to figure out who said Paulie Shore should star in movies
Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should work with kids
Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries and try to make a run for it
Disappear for great lengths of time
Try to touch your forehead with your tongue
It may not work but many women will appreciate the effort
At a high school reunion tell your old English teacher that your dog is still leaving your homeward
Ask Mark McGuire, he'll take a million dollars for one of his books
Try to find the secret to care atop success
Understand your conception was an accident
That your parents got wasted and wanted a few more laughs before they passed out
Try not to lose your finger in your nose
Take a bobcustis and toss them on the long next door
Go on a car trip without costis and force a disdainous car seat
Try to dribble bobcustis
Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness
Knowing you, you've done some crap that's really pissed them off
Wish no air willed anyone unless you don't like them
Then school, they're on their own
Realize anyone who says they're completely happy or completely full of crap
Ask a hell's angel if he's a woman or has he always walked like that
Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them
Sniff an old lady
Imagine Gomer Pyle in a gay bar trying to get lucky
Do this without laughing
Find what's left of your innocence
Understand it, embrace it, protect it
And it is so often take it out for a nice knife
Caron of not the care
Home while you eat
Act strange and people will leave you alone
Absolutely
It's 1149, 11th till noon at QM
We got the big O rock solid
Tudafo at the NBA finals in Dallas
Where your heat got roasted last 990 to 80
Not to score I think so
We haven't taken line 9 Josh's line here quite some time now
QAM, hello
Hey, Neil
Yes sir
This is Neil from Pompadot
I'm this line, I'm line 9
Yeah, yeah
I call that line Neil from Pompadot
Well, you want to spice up the show you're going on a meeting later
I'm not going to any meeting
Well this morning you said there was some kind of meeting or what
Yeah, I'm going to enter for a meeting
I drive around all day and listen you for 25 years
I've been here 35 years
Oh, I'm so sorry
And you made me laugh one time
I had to pull off the road
Only once in 25 years, that ain't too good of batting here
No, you did five minutes of fart noises
And it just I had to pull off the road
Well, I'm sure glad you remember those because you won't be here
And there was no mole
No, you can do it Neil
I listen to Bob and Tom every morning because of you
And they stay on with whatever they want
Now let me ask you to Bob at the Bob and Tom play fart noises
Bob and Tom mimic you, they take ponderous all the time
No
Nobody in the English language used to work ponderous but you
No, you know where that comes from?
That comes from that Casey Kasin bit
Ponderous man, freaking ponder
Don't you remember that in fact I'm going to play that in a minute
Well anyway, they also use wichupi sales you say
Holy moly
Right
They use holy moly one
What you used it one day and they used it the next day
See, they love me, Bob and Tom
Yeah, they're from Indianapolis up by where the hell you used to live
And they'll grow up and everything and everything
What you need to do is take the caller ID off the phone
So the intellectuals aren't afraid to call you up
Because everybody thinks you're making a list
And everybody's scared to be on Neil Rogers' list
Oh yeah, like we do caller ID on this show, are you kidding me?
No, because when I get out of here
I'll come on if I block if I just start 67
It doesn't go through
We don't even have caller ID on this system
Yeah, but the phone company gave me doesn't allow my number to show
And it never says it's party doesn't
It's party does not show
So let me ask you, you were doing good in the beginning, Neil
Because I like Bob and Tom
But what does this have to do with Annie?
I want to spice up your show, I want to get it back to you
Okay, well call me next week and see if you can do it
56705
He wants this spice up the show
By telling me to take off the caller ID
So the intellectual will start calling
We don't want intellectuals, okay?
I don't know what part of the caller ID is
And that's number one, he was alright
That's what we ought to have on in the morning
Who is me, you know what I would do?
What would you do?
Monday morning I'd have Bob and Tom on in the morning, 6 to 10
I'd get that big ole off of there
I'd stick his ass on there like a weekend
Like he used to be in Finland
He'd be fine for filling that sports crap
And I'd have him on 6 to 10
We'd still be doing 10 to 2
And then I'd have Mad Dog on like 2 to 5
But I'd have Hank on 4 to 7 with a crossover
I would have 2 of them together for which I suggested a long time ago
And that would be it starting Monday
That's what I would do
I wouldn't keep Potskin around like this
Today is the 9th of June boys and girls
So if you want to, you know, if you think I'm getting a little carried away with this whole business about QM going into crapper and like falling apart
Believe me, it's the farthest thing from what I want
Little did I ever read
I asked George before the show to them
And he was like almost fell off the side of the chair
How could anybody have ever envisioned
Even with a sports nerd and a repetitions garbage over it
And even with that stupid bunch of crap across the street
It's only getting one and two shares
How could anybody have ever envisioned that this radio station could have ever had hours right in the daytime when a sun is shining and people are awake
Where we have like not only one and two shares
Forget about that but numbers that start with that
Who could believe that like between two and four
We ain't got no audience, no mo between two and four
Maybe that's because we got no mo
Toto, toot, toot, toot
That's it
This coming from the same general manglet
And he said well we let him go early because we sure can't do any worse than that one share he was doing it
Well guess what? Surprise! Surprise! How does 0.5 sound man?
As in what's the point?
So that's why we're taking this poll today
See if the audience can you know which they can't
How's Joyce doing on this?
No she's got eight votes already
She's only been on there for like about four seconds
Yeah, the feeling of it
Now they know they know that we're our hands are tied behind our back
This that was a direct quote from your general man
They expect you to a show with your hands tied behind your back
And you can't say anything and can't even play fart sounds
And he was here that told me like I'm kids shows they play fart sounds
But we can't not that that's a big deal
But it's just it's like a it's a symptom of the disease
It's emblematic of just how far they let this bitch go
Because she's got Carol and Beasley's ear over there in Naples
Oh Carol and he's gonna lose your eye
I'm here to protect you
Yeah, how come he didn't protect it back when he put stern on your bitch?
You idiot
Knowing in advance, anybody knew that you couldn't put a show on here in South Florida
For the obvious reason you know and doing it
Well, he was not in the air for three hours the very first day
Three hours when it were complaints filed with the FCC
That's true, that's a true story
That is a true story
Yes
And that keep in mind that's even with Duff sitting in there with his 84 dump buttons
Drilling holes in that show like a piece of Swiss cheese
He was drilling it
What?
What did I say?
Nothing
What did I do there?
At least let me enjoy it for something good
Let me say Duff and Drilling I just you know
Oh I see it's funny
Oh there we go again
You found it
Everything with Duff always comes back to one place
Seven sixty seven I'm slowing on many of those
They're okay
I prefer a nice big 747 myself
I remember I knew nothing about airplanes
I was pretty embarrassing
I remember I would be
Nope
I was talking about that allotite of 747 what a small crappy plane was
And nothing to the size of the plane was the way it was like configured
Now of course being the expert that I am
Anyway, 767 votes
Things started going in the toilet at QM when
Oh there's Rat Marciano again looking
Take those clothes off man and nobody wants to see what a suit and a tie on
You idiot
I want to see him naked
Joe Rose left 133
You know how the Russians have the naked the news casters or weather casters
Whatever she is I'm Russian TV
Right
So I've heard it
See if CNN had any brains they really want to boost up the audience
I have some of these people on there naked you know
Right
Like I'm trying to have a look
Oh maybe so late dad
She proud
Oh gee I know
Yeah, forget about what I'm talking about
She is right
People want to see her naked when she was triggered that been a good time
No I'm not talking about them
I'm not talking about that
And Rob Marciano people are going to go women would watch like crazy and I would watch
And about that headline news they have that Robin what's her name?
Robin Williams
Yeah that's right
Robin Seymour
Robin Seymour
Robin was Robin
Things started going in the toilet when Joe Rose left 133 and steering came on 123
Simultaneous 33% between the two of them
A third
A third of their audience get it
They know it
I hate this pull 120, 50 and a half percent
We know what we need to know care I'm tired of those people
They hate everything
And Scott Farrell was high five and you know what those are coming like from a management types
They're voting numerous times
Scott Farrell was fired 79 when Moe was like go 55
That's that was the oh turning point
We went running the tank when we said bye-bye Moe
When they went all sports 51 long time ago man before we came on the scene don't play much for that one
When Hank went to morning 44
Boy that number sure is looking 5.6% again
There it is 56 again with the decimal in the wrong place
Although we only wish we had a 5.6%
The morning believe me or in the afternoon or overnight when we had the number starts with a zero
When Stern was taken off 37 when Scott Farrell was hired 33 that was a really good move
When parents became the PD 23 with a little kitty core
When Joe Bell became GM 19 when Neil came on 17
That was the beginning of the end for the sports empires we knew it when they hired Joyce 11
See how she's climbing up there. She's gonna pass me like I'm laying down
When Scrooan got came 11 when the ticket came on here only 10 so let me take the ace so time to the H
You that said Chris more on left four and what Greg re left only only two only Greg and what's your name 11 58 at 5
60 WQM the summer season is a honest baby it means it must be close to fathers
They and guess what a week from the Sunday it is so do something good for your father Sunday June 18
We all know what dads like to do under big day and when they're done doing that before after it and around it
They'd like to eat too. It's time to call the melting pot make a reservation for fathers day the melting pot is a fantastic amazing fun
Do restaurant they're sure and that's right you got the melting pot there today. Oh wow. Yeah. I forgot about that almost
I big gobble horsebackers go here. Hmm when they bring in all the meats the trip the lobster tails the various steaks
Scalant chicken brine man and all of the dipping sauces and you're dipping in dunking do they bring the desserts in two or not?
Go to the summer else. Oh good. They rotate good because you're your sugar
Oh, go like you have ballistic it'll be like up to 800 by two it's heart me out of here as it is right cart man
The melting pot is a fondue restaurant edition of their famous cheating chocolates
They serve up some serious meats like Josh and George are enjoying right now Josh is quiet
You know because he's probably got a lot of food in his mouth. I'm stalking the food. I'll be out either way
I bring for it. You're stalking it and the food too. They serve up serious meats and fish for hungry dads like you are as hardy on
Trace from Seneca filet manion the black and shrimp teriyaki sirloin pork lobster and more. I'm jealous the melting pot
Definitely serve some serious food for serious appetites take it from me nobody walks out of their hungry at the melting pot
You want a lot of there like you've just had 18 meals with a big smile on your face
They have an award winning wine list on top of all of this and don't forget the melting pot famous desserts
This is a piece of resistance. You won't be able to resist it
Just amazing dipping and dunking in a chocolate and a white chocolate all your fruits
Guaranteed to put a big smile on dad's face
He probably never dipped in anything that good in his life
So make that call today invite dad to dip into something different and delicious at the melting pot restaurant near you
Not just a meal but a full four course gift for dad from you
And don't forget to tell me that old Neil sent you by you'll find a melting pot in Kendall Cooper City north
Miami Beach Voka for Lauderdale and Coral Spring
This is Mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M now
We're up to our long distance dedication and this one is about kids and pets
And a situation that we can all understand whether we have kids or pets or neither it's from a man in Cincinnati, Ohio
And here's what he likes
Dear Casey this may seem to be a strange dedication request, but I'm quite sincere and it'll meet a lot if you play it
Recently there was a death in our family
He was a little dog named Snuggles, but he was most certainly a part of let's go start again
I'm coming out of the record play the record, okay
Please
See when you come out of those uptempered damn numbers man is impossible to make those transitions and then you got to go into somebody dying
You know they do this to me all the time. I don't know what the hell they do it for but damn it if we can't come out of a
So record I don't understand it is down on the phone
Okay, I want to damn concerted effort to come out of a record that isn't a enough tempo record every time I do a
Damn death dedication
Now make it and I also want to know what happened to the pictures. I was opposed to see this week
It's a god last damn time. I want somebody use this in brain to not come out of a damn record
That is that's up to him for and I got to talk about a pinch or dying
Well, it's a ponderous man
Ponderous and ponderous of all four five sixty. There's your ponderous for you look at that
They were showing there's that soccer player from wherever he's from from Germany coast to rica
I have no idea. I'm not showing Berlin on there secondly put it on the foot
They're just jammed up with the people from everywhere all over the world by the way
World Cup or thank duck because normally Josh gets really
Shafford because the foods all going on in here. Did you say when duck comes in Josh gets shaffed?
That's not exactly what I said
But the duff is running the board so that Josh can actually get some of this food this time around well
I'll be damned that was awfully sweet of him. Yes, it is hello. Neil
792 votes on the pool. We better get that baby cranked up man better get that thing going if we're gonna make it to a thousand
I mean we got two hours to go. Yeah, there's all those people in Berlin look at that
I see him wait. I'll be there pretty soon wait for me
Oh my god look at that ultraviolet it goes in the dark that one
Hispanic high school students use drugs and attend suicide at far higher rates than their white and black classmates
As a new federal survey that has the expert someone perplexed and you're trying to lay this off on the beaners again
Everything you don't like about Latinos. It's always the beaners. Yeah, they're the Latinos. No, they are not
What do you mean they're Latinos?
Alling themselves Latinos. Yeah, what do you call yourself?
The English word is well, this is the associated press okay with all the they know it's not like some Mexican expert
They sent a fox in this because what is it?
Hispanic will do nicely more than 11% of all Latino students and 15% of Latino girls said the intended suicide
According more than 11% of all Latino students
According that we've been issued yesterday by the West Centers for Disease Control and Prevention the white and black rates were about
7.5% Latinos also reported much higher rates of using cocaine heroin ecstasy and methamphetamines
The use of condoms was at lower rates than other population groups. Oh no
What do they reproduce like rabbits just like them Muslims? My god
We really don't understand this phenomenon as well as we should said Dr. Glenn Flores of the Medical College of Wisconsin
The CD survey a C survey of nearly 14,000 West High School students has been conducted every other year since 1991
Questionnaires go to students and grades nine through 12 and public and private high schools and all 50 states and DC
Researchers got parental permission for each student participated adolescents can't always be counted on to tell the truth about their sexual exploits and of course
These are can adults drug use or other risky behaviors, but officials took many steps to ensure accurate responses
They probably put like a meter on their
You know participation was confidential kids were spaced to part one answering the questions
By the way Joyce already hopped over me on a pool like I was in reverse that bitch
You go there at hateful obnoxious nasty. So
Participation was confidential kids were spaced to part one answering the questions teachers did not hover and the question
There was no sign so everyone would finish at the same time
Report can contain some good news only 10% of high school students that they never or rarely wore a seat belt or writing in a car
But the percentage of students that they had smoked in the last month rose slightly 23% of course
It doesn't say what they smoked up on 22 and 2003
Also, there was no decline in the percentage students that they had had sexual intercourse which held steady at 47%
Where the percentage of sexual active students is that they used a condom which was 63% how I ever
It's the first time in 14 years that condom use among sexually active high school students is not risen said Martha Kempner
Spokesman for these sexuality information and education as a bunch of perverts
It calls into question the federal government's investment and accidents only until marriage programs many of which openly discouraged
Condom use she said black students reported the most sexual activity. How do you like that? They got ants in their pants
Distance what it is maybe they got that they're huh?
That must be it the most also blacks reported the most TV watching in the highest use of video or computer games
White kids were the most frequent smokers and heavy drinkers
And we're worst about eating out fruits and veggies not enough white fruits
But Hispanic students and other problems about 36% of it see now it switched from Latinos to Hispanic
There's not all of a sudden man. They're seamless
We just went from Latinos to Hispanics
About 36% of his parents reported prolonged feelings of sadness or hopelessness slightly higher than previous years
In contrast about 28 and a half percent of black students reported such feelings about the same as the two previous
Surrey and about 26% of white students reported such feelings. I guess none of them work at QA
In the category of drug use one and eight Latino students see now we're back to Latino again
So they've done cocaine one intended on ecstasy one and eleven methamphetamines and one and 28 heroin the needle walks in quickly
His parents reported much higher rates of drug use in previous surveys not hasn't changed
See that and we just went from Latino to Hispanics again, right substance abuse is higher in Hispanic kids who are more at home with American culture
It's unclear why that is they said but we need to understand that better
Then we can learn how we can protect all of our youth right. I got to explain it easily. What's that?
Since Hispanic isn't a race you just compare the colors and you'll see it all add up
Well, why don't what does that mean?
Is that another shot at beaners again? That's a shot at any shot at weekends at the shot at that Indian
This is your shot at weekends is what it is and Indians what but he got against the Indians now nothing
They're just different. Yeah, well you don't you know something you don't know any Indians. I know plenty of Indians
No, I'm not talking about Indian Indian you're not talking about real Indians from India to the Indians in America from India
I know my engines man because I'm in Toronto
I don't know any of the Indian Indian have all the old I don't know any of the issues we got 800 votes
Yeah, they got issues all right. That's curry smell
There's some really really hot looking people from India man of all three sexes
But boy some of them if they I can't go back to it again if they were born in this hemisphere
They don't have that well I take that back
Because no seriously no listen to me when you eat enough of anything it gets into your like skin
It gets into the pigment of your skin. You know how strong curry is no I don't well go down a hole
He was still there he's going on a whole sniff kid curry. Maybe that's why they had to get rid of his ass
Trumber to small like cocktail sauce if you want to go about tough man. He's a survivor
You know we got stabbed in the back there and he's still around you know he's got there out selling all those other
Sniffs he's doing a job he adapts of course. We still got the same old steel copy for all of you
But that's you know it's waycoast we don't do copy at this station
We're hiring a great new copy person pretty soon not
803 votes on the poll today. This is it. That's probably why Duff came in here not till it Josh for week
He wanted to hear the poll
How about how about if we add on there since Duff got moved to sales
Huh?
You want to put that on there? I think that's very happy in sales
Well, he ought to be I'd say you're wanting right now is not to be the time to be involved in programming
I don't know what to do. You can't complain about our programming because we don't have any
It's the only station I've ever worked ever they just take the names and put them on sheets of paper and toss them up
Out of a hat in the air whenever they come down on a ground man. It's when they're on the air
Don't forget we got the big O this afternoon rock solid from Dallas boy. That's exciting
Okay, let's take a look at how that thing's shaped when I'm just excited about joy. She's climbing
She might even hop over Joe Rose
Things started to go in on the toilet QM when Joe Rose left 135
During came on 124 when muff was sitting in there with those 87 dump buttons and those nifty headsets on the pink ones
I hate this job. I'm this poll 122
Scott for all was fired 80 when Moe was like to a 57 and by the way clearance
He's in the meeting I forgot clearance all the things that Scott said he on the phone for real. I second that emotion
Oh when they went all sports 54 when they dropped that great country music man
I still say let's put the cutting music back on a him and let's take over kiss
We got the former GM of kiss let's kiss it. I agree. Let's take frequent bubble would say let's kiss it
Look at this so much with that right on FM with a real signal a hundred thousand watts
I think 99 oh
Beauty. Oh when they went all sports 54 when I went to mornings 50. Oh boy
When Stern was taken off 38 that's when we started really a dump on it
Scott for all was hired 34 when
Clarence became PD 23 when they hired Joyce 22
Joyce's right out Clarence's ass now. I knew it. I know the two of them were joined at the hip ever seen together
No same person when Joe Bell became GM 19 when Neil came on a year 17
That was the beginning of the demise I surmised when the ticket came on a year Solomon Tadeuse only 12
When Scruan got canned 11. Oh, I got a good line for that, but yeah
Oh
And that's something to do with can when the Chris Moore on left for and when Greg relet only two Greg and somebody I can't imagine what her name is
So that's the way the polls are now we're gonna 802 we better half on it get over 900 by the top of the air
So we don't have to feel like
We're about that thousand too much stress on that thing don't forget you and the QM street team from three to five this afternoon
And tomorrow with George from noon to two at the maroonie used car sales events going on right now
Often stadium P.P. Park to a Robbie stadium stop by to win prizes and check out the my display booth both
Booth from pub set both booth. Hey, if you love voting I wait in my mind doing the wrong spot. I'm doing the wrong spot
Well, here's another one of those spots. You want to know how far ahead? I'm getting to myself very
No, the reason I did that is because I'm a break ahead of myself
And by the way, I'm sure that Christian is a fine human being
We know you better tell I have some kind of somebody better have a discussion with him about like separation
Because basically what is going to have me doing is like the same spots back to back over and over again
I'm not even talking about with the other spot just back to back ever do it back to back
Asked off
Exotic am I me beat his fun deciding venue for the public to purchase the hottest new product and services from the belt industry before they close it all down
Attention, man. Mead adult stars including Jenna Jamison
And the club's integrals terror panther than others take pictures you can brag about for your shop for something really sexy
And the largest adult marketplace on the east coast enjoy entertainment on stage with that's ranging from the comedic
Starvings of Ron Jeremy. He is a panic. Just look at him
Just take a sniff to a 15 person male and female group group performance
Enjoy hours of entertainment for less convoyed contents and lots more whatever your way to decide to celebrate your sexiness
Enjoy with exotica that my movie to convention center promises to be a memorable experience go to their website with triple
X's three x's exotic am I me dot com exotic am I me dot com by your tickets
They're checkout who's coming and getting for one the nightly after parties
It starts to day goes on through this Sunday the 11th this weekend is going on right now. Is it going on now?
Yes, at the Miami Beach convention center must be 18 over with valid ID and must not know month exotic am I me beat a celebration of sexiness
This is meal Roger
This is 5.69
Introducing the Q&M box office presented by Burger King
This is a tasty burger
Every Tuesday the QAM box office will open for your chance to win tickets to upcoming South Florida vans
I'm called the QAM box office on sport radio 560
QAM it's Friday you
Good welcome to the world cold soccer champions. I'm Toby Charles and I'm Nigel Derby
Today's match fits the Scientologists of America against the French railions. How do you rate this match?
Nice well, it should be quite the contest. So let me science. All of us against the railions
Called made up entirely of clones of soccer great paylays
Both teams are taking the field the science or just with a kickoff
They're well underway. It's fair to lose passing and drum to motor being marked closely by paylay number four
Paylay number six is split 12 groups in the club
I love leave ball from trouble. Don cruise a test dramatic lazy back to cruise
Into the park
What is this in the piercowry the rain in scene hasn't true cultivation committed to my social
Going us for next match and the southwestern
But let's take on the dead head next time on the world cold soccer championships
20 past noon at 560 w.d. QAM happy Friday too. Have I seen everybody with the brain is out of town
Unless they just absolutely have to be there right like us right here's a fact from Jane who obviously is doing
Too much medication right or maybe not enough. She says you're near last night on pen and tellers show
They took on religious nuts that came condoms don't work
Jocelyn elders of one of their guest-proven economies any change you can play that voka brine bit with jocelyn
It'll be a public service announcement. Yeah, right Jane as you wrote on the bottom. Yeah, right? That's I'm reading that
That would explode the radio station
We'd be off here before the bid ended no question about that
Hi, this is jocelyn elders. That's it as much as we're playing
There you go Jane. No extra charge
Okay, maniac when you stop I think all the stuff that we can't say and we can't play and you see how they do it and the public
So it's back oh wow, you know shock radio yeah shock this shock my ass. I'll go get the cat rock on
I don't think we're gonna make the thousand votes you want to know why because the the level is like they're coming in like
Equipping now set it like in chunks through a 21
I mean if we can get to 900 by the top of the hour. I think we got it licked but
I'm not too sure because yeah, well you said time. It's the weekend baby
It's a weekend in almost the middle of June already
You think anybody with a brain is hanging out in that gun for second place. They gone somewhere
They had gone somewhere just like me at two o'clock
You think I'm gonna be sitting around here waiting the phone for the phone to ring so I can get a report from normal
About his stellar lunch today with a blind leading the blind you think I want to hear about that
No
The theme of a PG rated film may itself call for parental guidance states the of online explanation of the rating system for movies by the motion picture association of America
And their crystal clear-wide described why it's PG rating exists. It's a warning fact flag
There may be some profanity in these films and maybe some violence or brief nudity the PG rating suggesting parental guidance is thus an alert
For examination of a film by parents before deciding on its viewing by their children
Obviously such a line is difficult to draw it says but
Disagreements are are given the Christian movie makers behind a low-budget film called facing the giants
What I must be about very bonds
Facing the giants were stunned when the MPAA pinned a PG rating on their Jedi movie about a burned out depressed football coach
Whose life on and off the field take takes a miraculous turn for the better. I don't tell me he found Jesus
What the motion picture association said is that the movie contains strong
Thematic elements that might disturb some parents have crisp your vice president for marketing a prominent film which is owned by Sony pictures
Provident plans to open a film nice fall in three-day theaters nationwide in the help of Samuel Goodwin for golden films
Which has worked with in the movies like the squid in the whale
Samuel Goldruns. He leave it to the Jews to prop up the goi and happens every time
What which thematic elements earned this squeaky clean movie its PG rating facing the giants is too evangelistic
I think that's what we need to do man
We need to start passing laws against religious nuts. I say let's outlaw religion for 10 years. Yeah, see how right thanks to an out
Let's give it an experiment, you know. Oh, it's easy. Oh, you have to do see you can't take money for it
No, just just if you find anybody like you know off with their head
Anybody wants to squat down in a carpet just yell at them. You're fair and then chop their head off
I'm gonna say it again when I see a guy with a kneeling on a carpet with his ass up in the air
I mean, you know, I'm yeah, yeah
It conjures up only one thing to me. Yeah, the MPA noted fewer tends to offer cryptic escalations for its ratings
In this case, she was told that if decided the movie was heavily laden with messages from one religion
How about what you call it? I probably had like
What was that the passion of the Christ with all that violence and they probably had like PG Z
Uh, I think it was rated R
Anyway, heavily laden with messages from one religion. This might offend people from other religions
It's important if they use the word proselytizing when they talk about giving this movie a PG good
It's kind of interesting that faith has joined list of Italy sins that the MPA bore wants to warn parents to worry about
Over at Christian messages are woven throughout facing the giants
Which isn't surprising since the film was co-written co-produced by brothers
Alex and Stephen Kendrick. I wonder if they're kind to Eddie Kendrick. He was on a pollo the
Who are the associate pastors of media at Sherwood back to the church in Albany, Joja?
Oh my god
Can you imagine being an Albany if I'd been an entry?
They're doing a lot of strange things up there in the woods
In this to working with the mega churches cable TV channel
They created a Sherwood pictures ministry collecting private donations to fund a
25 thousand dollar movie called flywheel about a way where Christian used car salesman
We probably move to Dakota
Facing the giants cost a hundred thousand dollars and resembles a fusion of the book of Job and a whole a homemade Hoosiers
On perhaps a small school fighter and I can't read this thing perhaps a small school fighting that lights blended with Billy
Green evangelical association movies. They used to appear in some mainstream theaters
Sure would purchase you local volunteers as actors and extras backed by a small crew of tech professionals
The movie includes waves of answered prayers a medical miracle and mysterious silver hair
Mystic who'd live as a message from God and eventual armor. He takes a 51-yard field goal to win the big game
When his handicap father pulls himself out of a wheelchair and sends out a gold post with spares us
His unspaved
I'll do a prayer a prayer driven gust of wind out there to probably put them all right between the uprights
How do you like that? See if he would have just used that that wooden shoe like Tom Demsie did when he kicked that 60
One-yard field goal 63. Yeah, I heard that story. Did you yeah? Well, I guess what he wouldn't know band leader
It was Tommy Dorsey. I'll come to dance
What do we got on the pool and I'm getting a little bit my eight twenty nine and get a little bit concerned about this
Too much pressure for Friday. We got too many things going on
We need to like squeeze and press eight thirty now eight hundred and
three men on a pool and especially now that Joyce is on there. Oh Joyce hopped over clearance like he was laying down
And wouldn't be the first time
She had now she's moving into forl when forl was hired
He just climbing up the list man climbing up that ladder relentlessly
Fearlessly like a relentless bitch that she is
Seriously, which wants to add somebody in a list of evil doers on the planet that one right there Joyce
Fitch rhymes with beater with a switch
26 past noon at 560 WQM if you love voting like it out there in the water and you ordered
Here's the deal buying a boat cost your fortune and then that's just the beginning where you're headed
To start because you've got the maintenance to take care of and then you got to worry about hurricane season all of this stuff
Forget about that. Get yourself a boat the smart way by calling club nautico at one eight hundred boat rent right now
Why would you want to pay all the expenses of buying a boat owning a boat when you can rent one totally hassle free
Join the club of club nautico call one eight hundred boat rent
You'll be amazed at just how easy to make it for you to enjoy the water
No docking costs no expensive upkeep no insurance no hurricane preparation and guess what boys and girls are in hurricane season right now
As I speak when you have a boat from club nautico. It's totally stress free and really affordable too
Call one eight hundred boat rent no getting the boat ready
In fact, you can go out there and a water and flip off for what's your name glorious step on
Subnautico does the gets the boat ready for you and no cleaning up either because when you're done
Come back into the dock get off walk away and they cleaned up and take care of everything else
It's that simple call club nautico one eight hundred boat rent get on the water right away the easy way from
Unlimited voting to pay as you go from small both the octarders and everything in between
All of these things is subnautico call one eight hundred boat rent and let club nautico attain or plan to fit your needs and your budget
Get on the water today. They hassle free the inexpensive way by calling club nautico at one eight hundred boat rent
This is new Roger
What solid mix is by 16 q a
Spread them and say cheese
See me all of the guys and all the kids
The idol has assaulted never hair to be really came through give him his food
Tell the heck
He's one in nine body loves for the same
He jumps around like he's doing
So
I'm out in waiting for a surround ticket.
He's like a rocket ship that is self-protected.
He's on parallel like he laid a front desk.
You know what they say about guys who do karaoke in a bar?
You're fair.
1233, you want to hear the World Cup?
No.
Germany's leading cost the Rika to the one, man.
You know what I'm just a poor guy.
They're almost at the halftime.
Let's see, it's 6.30 a.m. tonight.
It's German.
And here is that favorite song, one joke.
It's just adding to...
Is it TV with the gold?
Is this exciting or what, huh?
What?
Football. That's FUTBOL.
Football. Football.
Oh, exciting now.
I don't know.
I just showed some blonde player there on the sideline.
I got emotional.
Well, you know me.
840 votes on the pool, man.
We better get, we got like 30 minutes to get to 900,
so we don't have to sweat it out.
So you actually might be interested in me or watch it,
they have like any good looking players,
but most of them look like I was just butt ugly, man.
And then, you know, they have to be squirre to go.
They take their shirts off.
Put the clothes back on.
Okay, please.
Oh my God.
Looks like Ron, Jeremy and Heat.
843.
Now, let's see.
30...
How long do they play?
How long does he chat?
Like, I thought it was 30 minutes.
Is it?
And then they have to give me...
Well, are you supposed to be the expert on football?
No, suckers.
And then they play like extra time, injury time, whatever.
What about practice?
Post-a-weekly.
Did you hear that?
That British accent, poster-weekly.
Oh, God, they are so silly.
Such bad teeth.
And they're just kicking around around here.
I mean, feel back and forth and forth and back.
And here the crowd is all screaming.
They're all drunk as a scum.
They're all clashed, stoned off their ass.
That's why they're always getting into fights.
I mean, why would anybody go and watch this?
Really?
Can you come right down to it?
It's like...
You tell me.
In fact, when it got a club before about Ponderous, if there's anything Ponderous to me, it's soccer.
Oh, brother.
But I'll be there, baby.
Let's see.
Oh, here you go.
This is a good one.
I wonder who this is from.
For your poor, you forgot to put the break-up of the worst team in the firing of D-fo.
When you don't want the head of your red D-fo, don't you?
He was a...
Yeah.
How do we want to put that?
When the firing of the first team, how's that?
No, that doesn't fit in.
That's not...
It says it's going to be a long end.
When?
Huh?
When they fired the first team.
They broke up the first team.
Right.
They broke up the first team.
Let's at least get our grammar right, okay?
For crying out loud.
Let's grab what I got to do.
For your grammar, for your grammar.
How's Joyce doing?
Is she hopping over anybody?
Oh, she's right on for all's ass now, man.
I told you she was relentless, didn't I?
I'm going to have a hitman for that bitch, everybody.
I made Joyce.
Next time you start your car, it might be the last time.
It's not a threat.
It's just something to think about.
She just hopped over a clearance.
And she's only two votes behind when Ferell was, uh,
right, let's say, 36.
So yeah, she just tied.
She just, uh, moving over him.
Now she's right on Stern being taken off on Howard's ass.
I was speaking of bad news.
The US House, and this again, is your Republicans at Work Again in Congress and your president, the fascist regime.
The US House, who represent, is definitively rejected the concept of net neutrality yesterday,
and dealt a bitter blow to internet companies like Amazon.com, eBay, and Google,
that it engaged in a last minute campaign to support it.
By 269 to 152 votes that fell largely along party lines,
the House Republican leadership mustered enough votes to reject a Democrat back to amendment.
They would have enshrined stiff net neutrality regulations in the federal law,
and provided broadband providers from treating similar websites differently from others.
They would have, but didn't happen.
Of the 421 House members who participated in the vote that took place around 630 last night,
the vast majority of net neutrality supporters of Democrats,
Republicans represent the most of the opposition,
and you want to know why?
Because it has to do with free speech.
It has to do with free speech is supposed to be a big winnest, okay?
That's all the Republicans know about this big business.
So like the idiots that sent me that facts before that I put in the toilet?
Yeah.
I'm glad that he's making a lot of money.
He's doing great.
I'm real happy for him.
Like we got to call him out for the plunder loop that time.
I remember he had a lot of stock.
Right.
He's real happy.
Well, the stock is doing great.
And make him say, well, I'm happy for you.
You selfish bastard.
You selfish greedy bastard.
You know?
Or tax cuts for the rich and then the Democrats sit back.
But I mean, I don't like that.
Flap in your lip.
Or speaking of crazy people going, I don't like that.
Guess what?
What?
What?
What before we do that?
70 QYM Hello.
Lillie.
Yes, sir.
So what do you rather watch?
John, nice golf game or?
Yeah, okay.
Great.
70 QYM Hello.
QYM.
I'd like to watch you play Russian Reload with a fully loaded gun.
How's that, Pally?
I still away go.
I thought we'd get a couple of really interesting calls on her, but he wasn't one.
WQYM Hello.
Come out of it.
WQYM Hello.
I can't get one.
QYM.
Yeah, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
The end of net neutrality is the end of freedom as we know it.
I'm telling you.
This is outrageous.
Yes.
And it's never reported on the news.
They don't talk about this stuff.
I guess because AOL and Comcast and Biacom, I guess they all threw the network news.
Yeah.
I guess we'll never hear about it except for on your show.
I appreciate it.
That's good.
Man, we're finished.
No more freedom.
I guess we'll look up stuff and we'll get referred directly to that.
As they say and he'll think he man, we're finished.
And let me ask you one question.
What are you going to do about it?
You're fairly.
The Chief of Staff for US Representative Catherine Harrison Washington is announcing his
resigning.
Oh my God, poor Kathy.
Do you hear about her plane?
Holy crap.
Duff isn't still in her, is he?
No.
Oh, good.
So Josh must eat real fast.
Do we need to fast now, young man?
Too fast.
I just came back in here.
We got it down to a science point.
Now, what was it that you said something about...
I'm trying to think of the way you worded it.
That was very, very right on the edge.
Who George were?
Yeah, whatever he said about to duff did to you something.
Said he was relieving you of something.
That's right.
Thank you, President.
Will you listen to me about this?
Catherine Harrison, people care about this bitch.
They hate her almost as much as Joyce, but not quite.
Almost as much as Mancolder.
I'll tell you one thing.
Of all the women, the famous women, that would be the pull sometimes of all the famous women
in the universe.
Who do they hate the most?
I would say Mancolder.
She's a contender.
I mean, you know, kind of leasers a contender.
Right?
And Catherine Harrison's a contender.
Totally, right?
And Phila Shu fly all the way to forget who she wore.
She would be a contender, right?
Right?
Older brother.
Rosie.
We have a little man.
That's a good pull, maybe from Monday.
Don't let me forget about that.
That's right.
You won't be there.
Josh, don't let me forget about it.
All right.
Well, what's that got to do with it?
I'll read it on Eve.
Hated women.
Oh, you know, already it's going to go over big and South Florida.
It's got the word, hate in it.
The Republican candidate for Senate, Kathy, Kathy, is recently faced a series of staff resignations
within their congressional and campaign staff.
Fred Aswell.
I remember the movie Class of 44.
Remember they put a bell on his...
You remember that?
Bell-free?
No, on his thing.
If I ever heard about a bell on your record, it's interesting.
Fred Aswell, who's been with Harris's congressional staff for about a year.
Yeah, what's that on your hand from your pants?
It wasn't Aswell for when you're backing up.
Now, I'll be talking about Joe Bell that way.
Is there a comment in there between As and Bell?
And I'll ask his resignation yesterday.
Aswell said he's leading the pursue opportunities in business consulting and development.
But we'll lose some consulting work with Harris's campaign.
Kind of like Greg Reed, you know?
Can we do some consulting?
Probably from a distance.
You call that a consultant?
Harris's spokesman Jerry Fritz yesterday called Aswell a true believer and said,
a resignation to congressional office is a routine on Capitol.
They were running away from her like she's got leprosy, man.
And maybe she does.
Josh, I don't know.
I forgot.
How long is the half in soccer?
I believe it's 90 minutes.
Oh, 90 minutes.
They've only played 36-30.
I'm thinking that they're...
Oh, that's right.
You're right.
I haven't watched this soccer while I've never watched it.
Well, you know, I'll look it up if you want, because I'm the player.
Oh, you're right.
You're right.
You're right.
Oh, look at that.
Just high and wide.
Missed by by 15 feet.
You're right.
You see an unsuspecting there?
In these missions now?
Yeah, across the recon fence.
See, you people laugh at me when I tend to the birds are constipated.
Just hear it in their voices, man.
You can hear it.
That song is still in this contest.
The licks in the...
Yeah, I mean, this guy has to have been in the 15 years.
I think it's hysterical.
What?
The way they talk.
Exactly.
They're constipated emotionally and physically and psychologically.
The birds are constipated.
It's that monarchy crap, man.
You got millions of people bowing down to a queen.
My God, I can see if the queen is like...
Oh, God!
That queen, but not like any other queen.
Not queen Elizabeth.
That old toad.
Then we just do...
See, I got news for her, man.
I'm reaching the point.
It's a real good thing, man.
It's like I can hang on till next Friday.
I'm just hanging out by my thumbnails.
Because basically, what we have a people in our radio station doing now,
we've got a bunch of people who are doing jobs that they have no idea how to do.
And what we have is just a...
Remember, I told you a couple weeks ago when I said that Craig Mish was on on a Saturday on a schedule.
We have a Mish Mosh.
A Mish Mosh.
And I think we're all going into the pits at the Mosh Pit.
That's what I'm thinking.
It's by the way, how's Michael Pit doing?
He's on his last days or last legs?
Let's see the front of that house again for a few hours.
Oh.
I think it really fit in, man.
You've got to be stoned to watch that movie.
There you go, it didn't help.
Such a tall, gangling player.
Orkwoods are more...
Can he continue battling here, but he's trailing legge...
So tall and gangly and feminine.
Hey, you know, the summer season is here, which means Father's Day can't be far around a corner.
It's a week from this Sunday.
A week from this Sunday, it's come up June 18th, matter of fact.
We all know that dads love to have a big meal on Father's Day.
And so take that out at the Melting Pot and have a fantastic feast.
Treat dad to something really great.
The Melting Pot is a fantastic fondue restaurant addition to their famous cheese and chocolates.
They serve up some serious meats and fish for hungry dads like yours.
So what did you guys y'all done now?
We are, we just finished this matter fact.
Wow.
We had the shrimp, the steak, the...
You had the what?
Oh, of course, Josh is a sporting the guy out, so he can't stay still.
Hardy Entre is from Santa Caffalais, when you're onto black and sea.
Tariaki Sirloin, pork lobster and more.
The Melting Pot, I think I got that in here, winemann.
I'm pretty sure I think you do.
Although, when Josh gets back in his chair.
No, Naga.
From, let's say the end.
From Santa Caffalais to black and...
Sea-oom.
Sea-oom.
Okay, that's enough.
He gets paid by the sea in front of that control.
Lobster and the lobster and pork.
And pork.
Oh boy.
Kosher for Pesach.
The Melting Pot definitely serves serious food for serious appetite.
So trust me, dad will really love the day that you take him to the Melting Pot.
I have an award-winning wine list to book him a little oisca-shikard.
And don't forget the Melting Pot's famous desserts too.
He'll be dipping and ducking like you never before.
Guaranteed to put a smile on that space.
So call a Melting Pot near by you and make a reservation today for a week from Sunday.
Next Sunday, June 18th for Father's Day.
Treat that to a full four-course gift from you.
And don't forget that old meal since you buy.
You'll find the pot in Coral Springs for Lauderdale Boka, North Miami Beach Cooper City,
and most prestigious kindling.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516 QAV.
This is 10-1 thing.
You better start learning your soccer rules, Mr. because you don't know them.
Well, I mean the duration of the match is 90 minutes, but it's divided into 240-45 minutes and a half.
Well, that's what I said.
It is? No. But I just said 9.
You're full of crap.
Hey, well, I was right. You know, I'm 50% right now.
The match lasts two equal periods of 45 minutes unless otherwise mutually agreed upon
between the referee and the two participating teams.
They're at the halftime now in the opening game of the World Cup and Germany is leading Kostavika to the one.
And then of course they have extra time.
And then the halftime interval must not exceed 50 minutes.
Because if they go in the locker room for more than 50 minutes,
it's got only knows what's going to happen in there.
I'll in the sweaty hot guys.
So there you go.
And then they had only one minute of extra time there.
So it's all done, finito. The first half.
What's up about that?
Germany 2, Kostavika won.
If there's a butt, I smell it.
Raccoon.
Raccoon.
Raccoon.
I had a chip in K when they should do away to Tio on a where the moon is blue.
The moon is blue.
But with our right wing censorship, there are words that mustn't slip.
You truly tell you how I feel for Kostavika.
Axel.
Oh, is this K you, K you, K you, I love?
And I'll steal you and K you, I'll not do.
And now if you see K, tell her I'm at Surrey's day.
And the S.D.C. won't like facing this.
So I'll in my ocean day.
Now if you see K, take her hand, gently say it.
That after this transmission, I'll be out in 90 days.
Oh, is this K you, K you, I'll see you with K you, I'll not go, I'll not go.
But I got a K with K you, I'll not go.
Come 49, I'm getting really dubious about that 1000 votes man.
See, we took it for granted and then you went out for a fun view.
That's right.
866 man, we better start accelerating that number so we don't have to go through a whole song
and dance against spilky before 1 o'clock before 2.
866, see they're trickling in by the ones.
And this pull ought to have like 5000 votes on it already, shouldn't it?
You think this crap about we hate this pull?
What is wrong with you people man?
When are you starting to get your priorities in order?
I mean, what's more important, you know, some stupid ass war around the world
and all these crazy Muslims blown up the world or WQAM, huh?
That's the problem.
Things started going in the toward of the QM when Joe Rose left 141.
Stern came on 132, simultaneous side by each.
I hate this pull 127.
Well, at least that's under 15% now.
When Scott Farah was fired at it, 81.
When they went all sports 60, well you're doing pretty well with that choice.
When Moe was let go, 59.
See, they miss it.
They miss all that.
Simist that was going on when he was around and towards.
That's right.
It's like when you have a gigantic tumor run and all of a sudden it disappears and you miss it.
Hank went to morning 55.
That's, uh, wow.
When Stern was taken off the year 42, when they hired Joyce 38,
she just hopped over for well being hired and she's run on Stern's ass.
When they hired Joyce 38, when Scott Farah was fired at 36,
when Clare's became PD 24, when Joe Velvet came GM 19,
when Neil came on year 18, that was the kiss of death.
When the ticket came on year, a tracer.
Remember tracer, I've loved, about a classics four.
No, 13.
Uh, they're not, they're not in no impact.
Because it's not our show anyway, you know, but we're talking about the whole station.
When SCRUAN got canned, 11, when she got nailed in the parking lot.
Chris Moore on left four, when Greg Readlet four,
and when they broke up the first team, just went on her, it's got three already, eight sixty-seven.
Because they really missed the four, the old one.
He's done killing her.
Oh, he wants badly to come back and we don't want him.
We don't want to do that.
Prices have loved by the classics four.
You know, I want to say it again because, um, I mean, you know,
I'm supposed to be an old, funny, dirty, but we need like transfer from your iTunes and your iPod.
Mm-hmm.
We just plug the iPod in and start floating all in song.
What a nice talk of that was.
Very nice.
Uh, and like there's like two songs in a second.
You see those little, those tiny, like, smiley face, uh, iPod on there,
and they pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, like that.
They just disappear because all the songs are in there.
In a half a second, it's down low in the whole song.
Like magic.
It is like magic.
It's like when we play those, those Godfather drop-ins on the show.
It's like magic.
It leaves a good...
...take it all in.
Kind of like that.
So let's lean on that pool on the O'Rodgers.com.
So we don't have to worry about stuff like that.
And let's get a whole bunch of really good calls in before two o'clock when we start that...
...suff crap again.
I can't even believe even Dave asked me about that.
See, he assumes that we get swept up into that, uh, shack and heat f-
I don't care.
I'm not gonna pretend to care if they win.
Great.
More power to them.
Pat Rottie's a good guy.
Uh, you know, Mickey Erison though I can't stand.
So like I said, they should only lose force to rate.
See, I really never, until that moment, I never really gave much thought.
But no.
But now that I think about it, I mean, no.
Pat Rottie's okay, but Mickey Erison, I don't want to do with him.
Him and his, uh, you know, dead daddy.
That took his $9 billion to Israel.
And all of them damn crucia people.
That would have helped keep casinos out of Florida all these years.
Them and the people in the Bahamas, and all of their, uh, phony felonies.
And of course, all the Bible Femperes, all of them phonies, who turned out to be in bed with the engines.
WNQYM, hello.
WNQYM, hello.
How you doing?
Uh, thank you.
It was 45 minutes and a half, but I said you already, uh, got a hold of that, you know.
I'm on top of it, yeah.
And I like that little cup.
That's the only talk I watch.
I'm really like, you know, another sports fan.
Who do you like?
Who do you want?
Who do you think so I went into to see?
I'd be scurried between Germany and what you're watching in Brazil.
Brazil.
I don't know what to do.
It's Friday, though.
I'm happy.
I'm going to show my joy.
I asked the Lord of Paparazzi.
So my camera is on your left.
Mr. Goloio, come here.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
Oh, it's that unrest, can't I.
I don't know any candor though.
I'm those mios.
Oh, skyro.
Hey man.
5670565.
I couldn't care less.
I couldn't care who wins it.
And, you know, I didn't even know what was going on.
I just blow up the city while I'm there.
Huh?
I didn't even know what was going on.
Well, you won't come?
Yeah.
You better start getting your, uh, priorities in life.
If this and the whole world is like on tender hooks, whatever that means,
the brightest thing.
Brain filters.
They're like, I'm the pins and needles and pins with the searchers.
I bet you got that.
I bet you don't have.
You do?
And you have it now too, right?
I do.
I got the searchers and needles and pins.
And each of us has.
Whoa.
63 or 64, I'm thinking.
The British invasion and the searchers.
64, you nailed it.
All right.
Neil, let's talk up to each your heart out to Ricky Tiki.
Ricky, Sean.
WDQYM, hello.
Hello?
Yeah?
Yeah, I'm on LB.
I have a gun.
WDQYM, hello.
WDQYM, hello.
QYM.
QYM.
QYM.
He put the chest.
You're boring, man.
WDQYM, hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
You missed the other morning on the other side.
I like to put him in the casket.
Or Lando Alzengeri.
He was going to walk solid.
He was saying he was going to walk solid.
He was going to walk solid.
He was going to walk solid.
He was going to walk solid.
He was going to walk solid.
He was going to walk solid.
He was going to walk solid.
He was going to walk solid.
He was going to walk solid.
He was going to walk solid.
He was going to walk solid.
He was going to walk solid.
He was going to walk solid.
He was going to walk solid.
He was going to walk solid.
He was going to walk solid.
He was going to walk solid.
He was going to walk solid.
He was going to walk solid.
He was going to walk solid.
He was going to walk solid.
He was going to walk solid.
He was going to walk solid.
I'm so pissed off about that.
I'm moving up my story in my pile here after the news.
I'm moving up my story in my pile here after the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
After the news.
I also heard the Rio Rages 1.
2.
Working 2 hours...
People keep going.
People keep going.
People keep going.
People keep going.
Good job.
Can you do anything?
Is it really necessary?
ti27, the last- and second-itted work.
I'm going to die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die
die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die
do-do-do-dory? Are-de-do-do-dury? Are-de-do-dory? Are-de-do-dory? Are-de-do-dory, are-de-do-dory? There's still more content right here than we are in this country, it is for little and real life, it's for good, there seems to be two in ten, five, six, colors, people hereOne, four, five, six, colors, cities in the world,
Is that ?!
Is it the Sagas who have aspirations for brilliant creatures Let them live?
Ah, ah, ah, ah !
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
P Morris Lane Galles? Pay receives a christchwitz to pass through
I played that sound effect, but I had to shut this thing down because I spilt melted butter on it.
Oh no, you spilled melted butter on a board.
Josh Cora, Josh Shadair always said that you were a liar in a trouble maker.
That's right.
Yeah.
It works.
890, 110 votes we need in 55 minutes.
That's exactly two a minute.
So that's one every...
About 30 minutes.
Seconds.
I mean, we ought to be able to do that if everybody's watching the World Cup.
We can't compete with that.
Germany and Costa Rica, man.
Costa Rica.
So you guys better hop on that thing.
If you don't get to 1,000 by 2 o'clock, we're going to play the audio, the play by play the World Cup every day next week.
I don't want to threaten anybody, but if that's what we have to resort to, you know what I'm saying?
I'll break a pillow.
There you go.
In fact, I might just go back to it right now.
That World Cup, although I think they're still...
Well, no, they should be back in a second half, wouldn't you think?
They were to play.
They're to play.
It's a good facility here from Josh Coraeca in these early moments.
Costa Rica.
Yeah.
Oh my god.
I'm in Brits.
If I never see one again, it'll be too soon.
What I'll do, I know we got some British listeners out there, but you know what?
You know what it's true.
890 on here, man.
At least if we get over the 900 hump, if we get over that hump, then you feel you got a shot, you know?
It's like getting the first base.
You can't get the second base until you touch first base.
You got to touch it first, right?
892.
They're trickling them by the twos, by the peers.
5670560, pound 560, they've arrived in Singular, wireless line.
And they sing it only at desperate Friday.
Well, I can't believe this.
Well, you know, first of all, 30% of the audience has gone out of town.
It's the weekend.
It's the summertime kids are out of school.
They're gone.
They've amused, okay?
40% of the audience is watching the world cup and another 50% of the audience ain't with us anymore.
So that's only about 120%.
Everybody QYM, hello.
And 20% of the audience is making crank calls like that.
It is WQYM, hello.
Nail, please.
Yes, sir, speaking.
Third, no wind, Steve.
I banged him.
Somebody QYM, hello.
Yes, good afternoon, Neil.
I'm going to confuse with Dirk Diggler.
Yes, sir.
Yes, good afternoon.
Dirk Diggler.
This is the month now that Mr. Howard has departed your station.
And it seems as though you can't continue your show without badgering Mr. Howard.
Mr. Howard?
Yes, that's correct.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Well, what does that mean?
Badgering.
He's not even in town.
How can he be badgered?
He's in New York.
So he has family members here in the community.
And I'm sure his family members are in the community.
I'm sure his family members aren't listening to the New York Rodgers show.
And she's going to have a rich school life.
Get out of here, get lost, take a hike.
Yeah.
Probably his boyfriend without bad, we as family members.
OK, we'll do whatever the hell we want.
OK, we don't need instructions from Mr. Howard or Mr. David or Mr. David Howard.
David Howard was a driver by the way in Chicago.
560 harness racing.
560.
560.
Well, I'm telling you, man, talk about constipation.
He made the Brits out animated.
That guy.
WQYM, hello.
QYM.
Yeah, I'm also a small fan.
Yeah.
And I want your layoff of him, OK?
No.
No.
There must be something around having a little tea party or something.
Well, he's in town for the weekend.
A tea bag party.
Yeah.
WQYM, hello.
Hey, Paul.
I just wanted to test on a website here that I think you might like.
Yes, sir.
It's music radio77.com.
All right.
I just looked at that and there's more jingles.
You've got to keep going a whole week with that.
If you just want some material left.
And maybe that's what we'll do next week.
If we don't get to 1000 votes, they will play jingles on next week.
Yeah, they have more jingles.
I know you would see one of our last week with all the jingles.
And now they have hundreds and hundreds of them there.
OK.
All right, man.
Thanks, Paulie.
Bye-bye.
All the jingles are the time, man.
In fact, maybe we've got some more jingles.
Yeah, we sure spend a lot of time on mode, don't we?
A lot of time.
All right.
All right.
All right.
That has to be 720.
We're going to be able to make a video.
New York radio.
That's a big, big video.
No boring, man.
560, 750, 560.
So all you people have to do is a little party there at the condo.
Call in and talk about how we're trash and mow.
I'm sorry, Mr. What was it, Mr. Howard?
Mr. Howard, do you, sir?
Oh, 902.
We topped with that 100 mark.
OK.
You can just see it now.
The God's image is fucking.
They're sitting around with the radio.
Cranked up so they're getting good vibrations.
So if we ever did stop talking about that one, it would be like,
like that, they'd be depressed.
They would know what to bitch about.
WQAM, hello.
Not there.
QAM, hello.
QAM.
Hi, I'm Big 105.9.
I'm going to be brought down and drop and get next year.
OK, well, we don't care.
We don't care.
In addition to which, you're way over your quota.
OK, your quota is one call a year, and it's already like two
and less than a week.
So, open the door when you hear like a little knock on the door.
I would open it.
It'll be one of our people coming to see your people.
WQAM, hello.
Neil, come on.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing today, sir?
OK.
I've got to tell you, Neil, when you lose a great talent like Joe Rose
and his call is litching from boys at a market.
Oh, God.
Yeah.
You know that.
Oh, boy.
They're all there, man.
One of them.
One of them is out there.
That's what killed it.
In fact, I hope you're real proud of yourself, Palli.
You and your buddy there, you're the ones that killed the first team.
You put them out of business.
You'll take that to your grave with you, just knowing you're going to have that guilty conscience
of knowing that you and your selfish bastards that call airbreath over and over and over again, you know?
Just pathetic.
And of course, they're not to take all of the blame because the blame is on the other part
to people who put them on the air every day.
I mean, at least we got a lot of the same people every day too, but they're on for like about a half a second.
But that's some of the real kisses of death, man.
It's a sure sign of the thing.
In fact, maybe that's why Joe's got that one share over there on the across the street.
Things didn't turn out all at the rosy for him either as rosy would say.
Well, this is really something.
It's like a loser reunion here, all of a sudden.
Richie from Borersan, who's the other one, Martin Dexpan, and Blind Mike, and Mo and his Gansfucka,
and my spucka there, whatever they are.
And the guy going, er, what the guy with the eyes?
And was?
So that you hear him?
He said, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er,
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er
Er, er, er, er er, er, er er er, er er er er er, er er er er er er er er er, er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er er
Neil, I apologize. It's weighty. You are the truth.
Absolutely.
118. Now, was that Mr. Howard?
Mr. Howard, do you, dummy?
Or was that Mr. Moe? That was the Moe Meister.
922 votes on the pool. I don't know.
This is going to take us right down to the wire, man.
This is going to be like a high-wire act,
like the flying walendas. Oops.
923. 77 votes short.
And we got like 42 minutes.
That's less than two minutes.
You folks can do it.
Not question whether we can do it.
It's whether you can do it. That's the question.
How's that soccer match coming over there in the World Cup?
That's what they're all holding to. I forgot about that.
We can compete with just about anything, but not that.
Or it's still two to one. They played the 60 minutes.
And there's Mike Wallace.
He's not too happy with that German team.
923.
They better start pouring in. Man, like about three minutes.
That way, then we can take a deep breath.
923. Still 923. Are you refreshing it?
Uh-oh. I think we've maxed out. I think that's the audience.
English only had fully cheesesteak joint.
This steak, quen queso, not a Gino steak, and Philly.
An English only ordering policy has thrust one to fill it off his best known cheesesteak.
Joints it in the National Immigration Debate.
Situated in a South Philly immigrant neighborhood, Gino's,
the rich together with its chief rival, Pat King of steaks.
Pat King of steaks.
Forms the epicenter of an area described as
ground zero for cheese-cute steaks.
Has posted small signs telling customers,
this is America when ordering speak English, speak it English.
They don't know how lucky they are.
All we're asking them to do is learn the English language.
Gino's owner, Joseph Ventos 66,
rocked out these people, but they got to help themselves too.
Ventos is grandparents' struggle to learn English
after immigrating from Sicily in the 1920s.
Said he posted the sign about six months ago,
amid concerns over immigration reform,
and increasing number of customers who couldn't order in English when they wanted Philly's
gooey greasy, specially fried steak, sliced or chopped,
in a long roll with cheese and fried onions.
Hmm.
Of course, it's not as if native Philadelphia
speaks the Kings English either.
And Philadelphia might order a cheesesteak by saying something like,
yo, give me a cheesesteak with, you will use,
wit or wit means with fried onions.
To which the counterman might reply,
use Montfrize with that.
Speaking English, all right.
My God.
Sound like a bunch of greasers to me.
A bunch of uh,
gritos.
They traditionally Italian community energy
noses become more diverse over the decades.
Immigrants from Asia and Latin America
moved in during a long time residence
and young professionals seeking reasonably priced
row houses in the past 10 years and estimated, uh-oh,
an estimated 15 to 20,000 Mexican immigrants,
many of them here illegally,
community leaders say, have settled in South Philly.
See, that's it's those beaners again.
Ventos and his staff have glad to help non-native speakers
ordering English and has never turned someone away
because of a language barrier.
But the policy is really upset.
A lot of people said,
Brad Baldia of, uh,
they without an immigrant.
They call us immigrant groups.
Oh, they without immigrant is like,
they with sunshine, isn't it?
Right.
For some people,
I think we're just going to say,
La Gustapaz.
Junto, as a Hispanic neighborhood organization,
said it plans to send people to,
you know, to try to order in Spanish
and may pursue a court action,
depending on what happens.
See a bunch of Ojn Pervaca,
Turgoyam.
His grandparents encountered the same racism
and the same xenophobia said,
Peter Blum, the groups director.
While he began that process all over again,
Ventos said he's gotten plenty of criticism and threats.
One person told him,
they hoped one of his many neon signs
flames out and burns the place down.
But he said he plans to hold his ground
and he's holding it.
And the ground too.
Customers placing orders on a recent morning
seemed unfazed.
And Zlico Marquez, 22,
and originally from Puerto Rico,
ordered in well spoken English,
but sent some of a rather struggle with language.
They always come and just say,
she's steak, Marquez says,
adding the policy bothers us
and but not enough to keep going.
What's wrong with she's steak?
Why is that hard to say?
She's a steakie.
How's that hard to say?
We don't become right now.
When a naive speaking customer showed up
at the window with a short time later,
clerk patiently coached him through the process.
Eventually, both said,
she's steak.
They both said,
be steak on queso.
They become up, she's steak.
No.
How about a she's steak?
Ventually, sure, if I remain
with an ninth grade education,
arms covered in tattoos
and large diamond ring in his ear,
also sells freedom fries
to protest Francis' opposition around.
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy.
Wow.
He rails against Mumiya Abu Jammal,
the black man who was convicted
at the coming police officer
Daniel Faulkner, 181,
has become a cross-level
among some definitely opponents.
Memorial Stafokner,
a poster of the shop.
Oh, bro.
See, is this guy in politics
or is he in the food business?
That would be my question.
Are you in the food business?
You want to sell food?
Are we here to make a political statement?
Those who market the city
often use images of genos
other famous steak shops
are watching with concern.
I certainly wouldn't want a national audience
to think it represent all the wonderful
she-stake makers in the whole city
said, Merrill Levitz,
present and chief executive
of the Greater Philadelphia Tourism
Marketing Corp.
Levitz, what kind of a name is that?
Oh, boy.
This isn't representative
of the Philadelphia attitude.
Competitors are seizing on the controversy.
Tony Luke's issue to stay
and saying it welcomes all customers,
whether or not they speak a
wit of English,
and not cute way wit,
and a manger at past,
Kathy Smith,
said, of genos English-only policy,
that's the most ridiculous thing I've heard in my life.
I'd rather listen to these Spanish
than the foul language
of the college students,
those punks
who are saying and all of that stuff,
all of these things.
How do you like that?
In any language?
Let's take a look at how we're doing here.
Oh, there's the World Cup security now.
Look at all those sluppers, man.
Spectators' names
and have embedded
radio frequency chips.
Yeah, I know that.
I got a ticket in the other rooms,
a matter of fact.
I got one of our tickets
for the World Cup.
Not our, I'm not going.
It's got like a chippin' it,
it's got your shoe size,
and your name,
and it's got embroidered and lace.
934 votes.
What do you think of me?
You think in positive negative?
I'm thinking you can do it.
I'm thinking, huh?
You can do it!
I don't know.
Pretty touchy, man.
Touching go here,
bring it us right down to the wire on a Friday,
937, we need 60-feels to 36 minutes,
that's Dan near two votes a minute.
And I think all the audiences voted twice already.
Things started going in the 2nd of the QAM,
when Joe Rose left,
152, when Ciren came on,
137,
I hate this poll 131.
Well, that's under 14% now.
Thanks, Scott.
13.9.
When Scott Farrell was fired,
88, when they went all sports,
56, 66.
When Moe was let go,
now is that Mr. Howard or Mr. David?
And she, there are two different people,
I get confused because there's the Moe Howard
David of character in the vote environment.
And of course, there was always,
we took the Goy, Tim.
When Moe was let go, 62.
When Hank went to morning 61,
when they fired Joyce 47,
or she's, she's right on Hank's ass now.
That's the first time.
When Stern was taken off 43,
when Scott Farrell was hired 37,
when parents became PD 25.
When Neil came on,
he heard 21, that was the beginning of the end.
Finito Benito.
When Joe Bell became GM 20,
when they broke up the first team 15,
that's making a quick move,
all of a sudden, out of nowhere.
Of course, you know who they probably blame it on.
Tunga, Tula.
Poor Mifo.
When they took it, came on,
he heard 13.
When they sure made a big impact,
didn't they?
Not.
When SCRUAN got canned 12,
when Greg Read left,
only five.
And I'm sure he's voted three times,
and what's your name voted twice.
And when Chris Moore on left,
so lamented quite.
This, speaking English,
right in the back of the...
Like in the English,
he's quite CQA.
You're about to go.
John Flair, the taxi car,
but it drive a several parts.
You look at me,
so quesitally.
I could tell he was in a dark.
So I acted out my puncture read,
and with my arms the trees I made.
No bug speaks English,
and I'm all over.
I went down to my,
yeah, I met which weather,
there was no sense in it.
I walked into a litigastor,
but a guy there talks real fun out.
I asked him for a pint of
Folgen Beemys' naughty end.
What does that mean?
No butters to English,
and I'm all.
That's a cornered deli.
Hell, I think I'm in Pakistan,
speaking with some mail-aids.
Or you can go back to the Lair.
I came here many years ago
to learn my baby shoes.
I don't say much as gross years.
I said pretty good.
So get yourself to a classroom,
quit your American now,
stop making mistakes.
You know what?
That's to be English.
I think we're off against the man.
952 votes we need.
48 and 29.
That's almost two a minute.
I don't think we can do it.
I think we're in dire straits.
Don't forget joining a QM street team today
from three to five this afternoon.
And tomorrow with George,
for little George from noon to two at the end.
Or by the way,
do you go in the other room and see what they were
approaching around one?
No.
We're doing anything.
But the beast asleep.
Yeah, although the beast is passed out
in the main studio.
Is he really?
Well, he probably farted in there
and like cut the audio off for about three seconds
and my speed is great.
Joining a QM street team today
three to five in and tomorrow with George from noon to two
at the Maruni used car sales
if I go on a dolphin stage.
Stop by to win prizes.
Oh man, we got stuff to give away or what.
And check out the mydust label with from Pumpsat.
All of this at Maruni used car sales event at PPP Park.
George will be there.
And maybe you'll even let you look at his collection.
That's right.
952, man.
This is I am.
It's been a long time since we had this kind of pressure.
You know, 955.
We're still alive.
Let's get some mole calls on here.
What do you say?
What takes a mole call?
Let's fix the low five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty.
Leave a rising singular right of sign.
WDQ.
I am hello.
Hello.
Yes, yes.
Something else speaking.
Nail.
Yes.
Great.
Enjoy the first team running 30 spots an hour.
Yeah.
And right.
Did he?
Yeah.
And.
And not the band.
He destroyed the station.
He blew it up.
You guys okay.
He's right down there in the bottom.
He's he's on the bottom, which in the first time.
He's on the very bottom of our pool since Greg.
We left only five out of out of 900 and 57 votes.
Only five are coming to his support.
Even Chris morons got more votes.
Even when he left there was a bigger stimulus.
A bigger problem than when Greg left.
Yeah, he he me.
I tell you.
And he as what was it eight years?
Eight years.
He worked under his leadership.
And I use that term very loosely.
He made more mistakes in those eight years
than the previous six thousand years
of broadcasting put together.
In the history of the subhuman race.
And he still was there.
You know, we're at the very ass end
until they finally said,
Oh, how'd you like to be in consultant
by the way?
Get that out.
WQ I am hello.
And if you wouldn't have had that stock deal going
WQ I am hello.
Yeah, he was your one.
One journal.
One journal, Nico.
How are you?
You know, Nico, me.
Oh, come and start.
Oh, I'm badly badly.
Multimony.
Listen, a couple of.
They're easy.
Number one, have you ever seen the
Mexican American propaganda
mockumentary a day without a Mexican?
Yeah, it's good.
It's it's on the DVD.
And you can get it from like where we get DVDs.
The day we're going to.
I look at my DVDs now.
You open the harness racing
canterworms all to bring up three names.
And I want to make a shameless request.
Greg right.
Greg right.
Greg right.
Greg right.
Junior.
Ray Raymond.
Ray Raymond, right?
And I saw I saw the last race of a
horse of a great heart.
Neuro who blew up the long at winter race.
Right.
Oh, boy.
Ray Raymond green and white man green
away.
So.
Exactly.
I know him all now.
I used to get a winter race
and he's a parking lot in a lot anyway.
I'll be there man.
Jack Gray still lives man.
I think he's dead, Jack.
Really?
No, I think he's not still there anymore.
Shameless request.
Yes, sir.
The the the the the shock
burden of daddy and Jimmy.
Okay, you got it.
I got it.
Boy, you had a little emotional
air at the end.
I was just what he means.
That's it.
Jack.
Jack.
Jack.
Jack.
Jack.
Jack.
Jack.
Jack.
Jack.
Jack.
Jack.
Jack.
Jack.
Jack.
Jack.
Jack.
Jack.
Jack.
Jack.
Jack.
Jack.
Don't be too able to.
Jack.
Jack.
Jack.
Jack.
Jack.
Jack.
Look who's here.
It's Jack.
Ooh.
Who knew it's Jack.
Jack.
I don't care about any of you people.
I just spend your money.
Jack.
Yeah.
Jack.
Jack.
Jack.
Jack.
I love you.
Jack.
Jack.
Jack.
You know my name is Thinggo.
Now give me your money.
You owe me.
For all of you.
I got you.
You owe me.
I got you.
You broke the 50.
135.
How about Harold McMillan and Harold Wellwood and Bill Wellwood
and what about Malcolm Phillips?
All right.
Okay now let's see how many we got.
You think we're going to make him.
We got 25 minutes.
I think we got a outside shot.
It's a 9.63.
Oh yeah.
We're starting to like catch up now.
You know we get that quota,
that quotient, that ratio.
You know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
I don't know.
When you lost him when he started talking about
the Windsor Raceway.
Huh?
5670560.
Next thing you'll be talking about,
you're a bookmire.
And pound 56 and dark Hamilton.
I'm the Verizon Singular wireless ones.
And whitey M spa.
WDQAM.
Hello.
And Greg and Mark Grismore.
Hello.
And it puts loose dogs in the bath.
Yeah, you're boring.
You're boring before you're boring today.
You got no Monomaterial, man.
That's all you say.
And you say it with such a,
a slumpy way.
Okay, get alive.
Straighten up and live right.
Okay.
My God.
Go and get yourself a new tailor.
WDQAM.
Hello.
Never.
WDQAM.
Hello.
To AAM.
To AAM.
How you doing?
Yes, sir.
Okay.
A couple quick things.
Uh, United Lasthas.
But to make room for the room,
they pushed out Josh Friedman.
So that's to be when the station started to go down.
Then what would it mean they pushed out Josh Friedman?
Josh Friedman never had a show.
What are you talking about?
No, I know.
But the budget for him, they both Josh Friedman.
Goodbye.
And you know something that was one of the best moves
they ever made.
And the other worst move,
bringing Iowa winder than on for the Iowa winder than Howard.
That's awful.
Oh my God.
He, I think he owns the whole state.
He's on like 26 hours and a lot.
You don't know about him.
Ask around anybody in the sports business in town.
What do you think of Ira?
And you'll give him your fortune.
I promise you.
I promise you.
Ask anybody.
Okay.
I'll start back right after the show.
I'm going to go out on the streets and ask.
Hey, what do you think of Ira?
Oh, I don't know who that is here.
Wow.
And that's something?
Oh, yeah, that's something.
Well, but the end, of course, the more I say one thing,
like about Jolte or Ira being on E.O.
And I got out of the end, the heat thing going in the finals.
Now we got so much I-Rom, we got Ira coming out of the pores
in management there, in middle of a management.
I wonder how that luncheon's going.
You know, I want you to do it with all the big bucks you're making.
Now you need to buy a normal blackberry or at least a text messaging cell phone.
Oh, yeah.
You know, I wouldn't use it.
I have people like that and I'm sure you do it too.
That we use to be connected so that they can't be bothered.
Yeah, I have friends like that.
I can keep insisting that they should get a blackberry.
And probably also an iPod.
And they're like, ah, I don't want my saying names.
966 votes.
We got 22 minutes for 34 votes.
We're going to go right down to the wire,
just like a firmman Alley-Dar in the Belmont 1978.
Yeah, I wish I could think of that any maple horse.
I'm still, I can't believe I stumped Dave Johnson in it.
Of course, he had so many.
But he had one really outstanding horse in like in a triple crown.
He just really, I don't remember what year that was.
He was 100 years ago.
966.
That guy is right.
When we start when he turned the keys to the king of over to Ira Windbag,
that was the, we don't have to add that on there.
But we have so many mistakes and so little time.
You know, so many, I'm not just talking about like,
everybody makes mistakes.
Nobody's perfect.
Even us.
But I mean so many grotesque, gigantic, incredible,
fall down on the floor and laugh your ass off mistakes.
Like how could anybody be that stupid?
You know?
Because a famous philosopher from Bocawons told me,
there are a lot of things in his life that you can be.
But the one thing you can't afford to be is stupid.
That's right.
Remember that?
Nope.
There you do.
So you were stupid too.
That was Mr.
Mr.
Oh, everything.
Mr.
Mollman.
WQAM.
QAM.
Hello.
I think there was a boyfriend by the way.
Who made that call?
QAM.
Not there.
WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yes sir.
Look, there's a rumor going around the bus to Ira and uh.
Okay, great.
Why you keep spreading it?
Well, what, you notice how this isn't going here?
Yeah.
I know.
I noticed it.
We like, we have little furries.
Epidemic of uh.
Like somebody's a little bit more furries.
And now we got an epidemic of uh.
If you want to excuse some crap about Ira, go on the
street corner with a megaphone and spue it, okay?
Spue it and do it.
Whatever you like.
If he walked in and knocked on my door right now,
I wouldn't have any idea who he is.
I just do he's squeaky, okay?
Squeaky clean.
WQAM.
Hello.
Probably dual fineberg's boyfriend, Colin.
QAM.
Hello.
Moll is a friend of mine and I.
Yeah, okay.
Good.
I'm happy for it.
Get some new friends.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
How are you doing?
Okay.
I just, first of all, if you were a friend of yours,
you wouldn't call him over.
Eddie Maple.
Yeah.
I think the horse would compete to the yellow.
No.
No.
No, and that was a great horse, but that's not
what I was talking about before that earlier.
And you know who Eddie Maple lived next door
through a garden city?
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
No, Sammy.
Sammy.
Sammy.
Yes, go it's.
No, Sammy.
Yes, go it's.
No, I don't.
Susan Lucy.
Really?
Yes, Susan Lucy.
Eddie Maple, what name?
No wonder his racing career came to an end
to abruptly.
Okay, that's a bad news.
Man.
I like that, huh?
Yeah.
Susan Lucey.
Kuchy Kuchy.
Don't tell that to a freaking car or so.
Is she still there, by the way?
Yes.
As if I have to ask.
Yes.
Oh no.
That's bad news.
Especially a pride week here now.
It's pride week, you know.
I better get out of town soon.
Um, where, where the hell is the pull result?
What's going on?
Are they like overloading it now or something?
Or what, what's the hell happened?
Where did our pull go?
Remember that song?
How does it scream though?
Oh there it is.
It's finally this pop back up.
Well that's because we got 973.
We only 27 away.
We got 19 minutes.
It's like sliding into like eighth base.
No place.
This is new rock.
Keep going on here.
Those half-fifths.
Don't take off in front of the reddit.
It's Friday, you bare still.
Order the door, the door, the door, the door, the door.
It's the moment.
I like it when you go away.
You with me.
Yeah, the way you go.
Oh no, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door.
It's the moment.
I think you'll be a big winner if you don't go away.
So I'm going to start.
I think you'll be able to go away.
I'll try and go to train to the judges and I'll.
You mean the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door.
It's the way I say it.
And I think it's my goal.
I think I'm like my goal.
Not just who I am.
I think it's not all fair.
Please make me happy.
Yeah.
That's the way I say it.
This is the door, the door, the door, the door, the door, the door.
The door, the door, the door, the door.
Now you.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
I think you never said that the door.
What I can never work on is they say in Japan Man.
they say in Japan Man.
Zion America just keep those two words in mind.
What they say, 994, we got a live baby, we're got a live baby, we're got a live baby, we're got a live baby.
What they say, 924, we got a live baby, we're got a live baby, we're got a live baby, we're got a live baby, we're got a live baby, we're got a live baby, we're got a live baby, we're got a live.
What they say, 904, we got a live baby, we're got a live baby, we got a live baby, we're got a live baby, we're got a live baby, we're got a live baby, we're got a live baby, we're got a live baby, we are ago what they said, we are.
we get that thousand i mean now it's like just just uh... a formality
it's like when they say that just a formality
go to the motion puts the motion in our casket
just kind of like what your bill is doing was him in clearance putting the
putting our emotion in our case can have a fast motion to
things started going into the world of the human joe rose left one fifty nine
when steering came on one forty three
and those two together got over thirty percent
thirty man
you folks that's your opinion and i think you've been very uh... somewhat
persecretions
i think this poll hundred thirty five that's not a thirteen and a half percent
uh... get with it
i mean i'm so tired of the stupid ass pulls like uh... what's the one we did
yesterday
scot for all was a fired eighty eight that was a bad mistake
when we went all four seventy oh my god let's bring back that country
kissing music
can you believe that they had an a m. playing country in the air in the fm
country
that's hard to believe now i'm not for the bs because that that's their uh... you
know it's bsly country
up there in the tree up there in the middle of the band you have quite a
morning spifties and sixty seven all boy
how about when more was let go fifty three
when they have fired when they are hired joys fifty eight or i see most
got sixty three or she's gonna hop over more
he's dead anyway moh moh Howard
they hired joys fifty eight when stern was taken off forty six he passed
our like he was in the deep reverse
triple reverse triple self-cow scot for all was hired thirty seven when they
broke up the first team twenty seven
i think a lot of that we can play on the put on the shoulders of your buddy
we don't want you back by the way the folk or we take your corner go to iowa
when first became the firm a pd twenty five when you came on twenty two no doubt
about it
i think you'll be when you'll be in the gm twenty i got him licked when the
ticket came on still in thirteen only thirteen which means their audience
voted what twice when screen got uh... can twelve
don't we miss your lot
hook when christmore on left six and Greg read is still on the bottom he's like
that trout on the bottom yogurt he's got some of the uh... chinkway
this is me a lot of
this is five sixty two
me on
the
the middle eastern world
will be exploded
to the people killed
with the gas that we sold him first time a presser nation and
the only one that's going
now more blood will be filled
to get the
we
3000 people killed.
I'm not forgotten, let's exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil to be caught in.
So an epicentom to flankato's sama.
There's no longer mention of the name is Lawton.
But no one seems concerned all.
I'm being complacent, believe in every word of this cartel administration that controls
us by fear through media manipulation and the right wing is drilling it over and over
and over into our heads.
Oh my God.
And I ragged as the weapons of mass destruction.
I'm dying on the hand.
The last of civil rights is the rights that we're paying.
We're all suspects now, not the ash croft is saying.
I have nothing to hide.
Table talkers all are saying.
I know beatie and cattle don't ask.
Any reservations out of provoked battle,
let world annihilation hold regime's must-fault in how to virtue and insult with no objection at all.
Tell me crack don't have the balls and the right wing is drilling it over and over into our brainwash and Iraq has some weapons of mass destruction.
Oh my God.
Absolutely only I drag has some weapons of mass destruction.
