Rock solid. Well, there's that echo again. Here we go again. Jesus.
Hey, before I bring in the Olimi, just clarify one thing about art. Kio is suing
University and here's what he's suing for. 44 days vacation time is
salary through May 31st of Peach Bowl Game Bonus, the end of the scene, and loss of potential
income from two jobs he turned down. One at Southern Cow, one at Temple. So you go art.
Yep. He's not fired. He sure got to Honies, baby. Don't say that. Don't
usually they get all ben on the shaping and I don't even know who Arquio is.
Well, Arqu is the offensive line coach at the University for 27 years. He was offensive. You better
not say it right now. You don't have permission. Randy Moldard does not run this station.
Absolutely. If he has a problem with a spot time to talk to Ray Perry, you're to run every
fun and long period with a exclamation point sign Tommy with a very angry scrawl in the bottom.
Nice going Tommy. Kick their ass. Who's that? What did they drop? I don't know. Randy Moldard
evidently shooting off a big stupid mouth about to don't run. I have no idea. I'm just reading
the memo. I don't know. But Randy, of course being a pooh. How about those Panthers? How amazing.
They blew a five one lead. They went overtime. How about my team and the other stuff? What?
My Keenan was supposed to be on every other Tuesday. Was he on with you this morning?
On with me? Yeah, well he wasn't on with me. I don't do guests. I don't do boring Connery's guests.
He wasn't boring or Pandora's like the he was very good. We had the beast.
Well, wait a minute. Did you say you had him on? Well normally he's on every other Tuesday.
What happened? I don't know. I thought maybe he showed up with you because he didn't show up here.
Well, I wasn't doing a show at 8.45 this morning. Oh, well. I was in the shower and my Keenan was not
in there. Thanks. That would have been very ugly. Keenan was a show up in the shower.
If Steven and Weiss were to show up and there I wouldn't be sitting here right now probably.
But that's another stuff. What are you going to do about it? You're very.
But any very funny. The last couple of years. I am always very funny. Especially in this place.
What a funny place. What a funny place. I'm telling you.
And then I find out the reason that certain people aren't on the year today that we have no spots
out of the log even though we have a short show because the show has sold out tomorrow. Does anybody
believe that? No. This is like back in the SCURANDEES. Now we're regressing.
And you tell me the New Sales Manager is a rocket scientist? Good God.
I don't know. That's private. He dropped one message from the first. What's the question?
Chris Jones, the New Sales Manager. I don't care who you are. You're fairy.
Right. I'm a idiot. Good God.
We got nothing out of it. I haven't seen it. Welcome to the WFU. I'm going out of business sale.
That's why we got the Beaston Robert in charge. Now that's all we can afford.
I was talking to my Saturday yesterday. And she told me she had lunch with her old boss who used to
run channel four here in Miami. Yeah. And now we even went to London.
I was Alan Perris doing every once in a while. I get a
facts from Alan Perris. Alan's good. I see him more occasionally when I go into California.
That's my biggest fan. He's a great guy. But anyway, this guy is a nice guy too.
So I asked my sister what's he doing now? She said he's running something on profit thing.
I said, oh, he works here. Yeah. Right. Exactly.
And this was the claim to fame that the new guy when he came in. Remember all they had changed
all the salespeople? And this is going to be the big thrust. Yeah, they're thrust in the
right hand. Tell you where? Holy moly. This is unbelievable.
But nevertheless, we don't want to start with the internet scene crap. All of that memo yesterday.
That was the worst memo in history of radio. One memo was that.
Beaston Robert. And we told George Cordes this morning he couldn't be on it because he's not Jewish.
What was that memo? I didn't hear that one. Get out of here.
I thought I read it while you were still on. I read it at least three times. I read it again
over from Mickey happy. Yeah. From the memo from clearance.
I didn't hear that one. Oh. Carbon copy to Joe Bell. Ray Beast and the Grieper. 317 2006.
From clearance. I have enlisted Brian London and Robert Grieper. It was I read this at the end
of the thing. You guys were laughing your ass off. I was ripping Robert and I asked nine times. Yeah,
there's I heard that. I read it again. I've enlisted Brian London the Beast to vote so uninitiated
out there and Robert Grieper to assist me and run the QM programming department. If they ask
you for something, please comply. The communicating decisions I have made and goals that I have for
the radio station. Please consider that when they contact you and if any issues arise, please
handle them respectfully and professionally. Yeah. Also, if I cannot be found and there's a pressing
issue, if I can't be found, like he's ever around, please see them for any assistance. Brian and
Robert have been with WQM for a long time and are deserving of this. Plus they are really good
friends of mine. We have a good time in the shower together. They're passionate about the station
and care about its sound and success. I'm glad they've agreed to help me with this endeavor.
Clarence. I think right now they're they're driving the dogsled to stay him from Omaha to
and Robert to Ann Arbor. Hey Robert. I don't care who you are. You're fairies.
That's a panic. This is what's going on with the new regime. We are lost, man. We need
we need no work. We need to get some help, some assistance. And it's not going to be from the
beast either. I'll tell you that. We need to get some of your attention. We're not showing respect. We
are not going to be throwing us a life raft. I've been in this business a long time and you can
always it's like being on the Titanic. You know, when you're about halfway down, you can always tell
something not not good is going on. And that's my feeling now. They the Joe Bell regime
and the Chris Bell, the Chris Jones regime. What are you going to do about it? You're fairies.
Oh brother. He's got that sales department cracking or at least they're smoking crack anyway.
Takes time. Yeah. Yeah. Rowley wasn't filled in the market. How's that two to four are
situating coming. We got a lot of guilty. Way too much of the squeak, my star. I'll tell you that.
Although I will say this now that the Panthers are making a big playoff run, I'm expected out of nowhere.
All the bandwagon jumpers are going to come out of the woodwork. We love the Panthers. There you'll
see it. I'll tell you that. I saw a little bit of that game last night. Look there were some people
there. What's the game? Whatever would last game. Looked like a few people. That 13,000 at the
game last night. That means everybody. Whatever. Pretty weak. Well, that's because Tampa doesn't have
any contingent that would come over, you know, so far. But nice win for you. You're fading. I can
really hear you know what you're trying to do in that place. You were trying to work on your feedback.
Well, now forget about the feedback. I'd like to at least be able to hear what Hank is saying would be nice.
You know, this work on this. God. Our crack engineering departments on it. Yeah, but they're cracking it
all right. I think most of our engineers have got a crack. No problem. That's what I'm hearing.
Well, what's he smirkling about? Mr. Mr. Assistant Managing. Show us some respect. It paid off all these.
I have no time to tell you that you and mentality. I have no title. We got the little you and
fraternity. How come micro's and thought was listed on the memo? I'm sure that he's involved.
Welcome to WVLM. He can't we have a change of call letters. We have to be like V. U.M. Jr. and I do
mean Jr. Even they put us to shame. Look at industry. Joke we become isn't it amazing overnight?
You know that song by Conway Twitty? Is it Conway Twitty?
About you don't know what you've got until you know it was Ralph Donner. I'm sorry Ralph Donner.
You don't know what you've got until you lose it. He said it like Conway Twitty.
You know, you ought to get that I'm not telling you what to do on your show.
Oh, it sounds like Conway Twitty. Yeah.
And it's all done. Middle easy.
Anyway, what you want to do is get your guys to get the tape of the conclusion of last
nice basketball game where there was a little bit of a dispute over a foul and the craten fans
were throwing bottles and all kinds of things in the direction of our announcers.
Excellent. Highly entertaining. But there's an old expression that sums that up where there's
no sense. There's no feeling. I don't think either of them got it right.
Oh, but they sounded nervous. Well, good. They just squeaked by Craten 53 52. I see.
And originally we were hoping they would win because we thought maybe they'd play a
big game tomorrow, but unfortunately they'd play tomorrow.
Yeah, I think it doesn't play games. Nation.
Where the hell are they playing the playing the game?
In the Michigan. Yep. In the NIT. Yeah. Oh, brother.
Third round.
The Queen's map. How embarrassing when you got to play in the NIT.
So would you like to see Condoleezza Rice as the commissioner of the National Football League?
I would like to see Condoleezza on a spit.
Being slow roasted. Yeah, with an apple. We could borrow the apple from Joyce and put it in her mouth instead.
I think that would look perfect. Her roasting on a spit.
We chestnuts roasting on an open fire. That's what I'd like to see.
Condoleezza. Bitch. Sell out. Bubblehead.
And maybe there could be that mushroom cloud going off of overhead.
By the way, that dream feels pasta that I was raving about. I had it yesterday.
I made my own meat sauce. I got some ground beef. Oh, the man was that good.
And my blood sugar was great. And my weight had lost four pounds since Friday.
No sugar cravings anymore. I just mentioned that for the beast because I know Hank won't pay any attention.
My blood sugar is going to be that good.
You get out of here. That's what fat rich used to say.
First of all, the fact that you had to go to a doctor to get a test.
But you should be testing it four or five times today yourself.
I have to do that stuff. Good. God. Why not?
Because I don't. Well, I don't want to stress you on me.
That's what kind of flowers that we bring you. Lilocks.
Whatever. I can go over to Rochester in the spring.
Get you some lilocks. I'll save them for your box.
Lilocks on your box. God.
Never seen my life. Well, not take that back.
People in denial.
Fat rich used to tell me the same thing as he was reaching for the rules on the next table.
The basket of rules.
Oh, my sugar is good.
Our coreroid is shubbling it down. I was dead.
I'm trying, man. This stuff is great.
Because if I can eat my pasta, I don't need that sugar.
It gets for some strain. This stuff is so filling.
We're going to have them on the ears of sponsor.
I guess Troy is going after that.
So that takes care of that seals that deal.
Oh, yeah. They should be on any day now.
Yeah.
Especially with Chris Jones, the new sales manager in here.
This guy's got a... he'll be on the first bus back to Charleston, South Carolina,
where he came from. Where'd he come from?
Well, he had him as well.
How's that echo?
I don't hear any echo anymore. Do you hear an echo?
I don't hear it. I guess he came from.
The turtle has ever heard it at all.
Thank you, Scott. Thank you.
Why would I make it up? Thank you, stuff.
He's a genius.
Yeah. Well, he's the only engineer we got in the building with an IQ larger than his
vision.
That's absolutely...
In fact, I take that back. He's the only engineer we got in the building period.
Thank God we got a great engineer here.
In fact, last week I went off to a woodbine and the engineer left the key for my place and our
engineer, our partner in crime up here, engineer from the fan radio.
He came in and put all the new switches in here while I was gone and everything is just a
beautiful. Four years and that's the only real maintenance in here other than the CD players that I
swapped out myself. I'd send him a built-in engineering work.
Well, you have a good day.
Yeah, you're fading again. I don't know what's going on here. This is a technical disaster.
It's not like you're like a top of a stretch of gallstream, puffing and puffing.
Well, they were commenting. I was watching a racing network the other day.
And the commentators were talking about how it allows you to
the person that are at gallstream and how they can't figure out why the person that are so small
and they used to even be worse than they are. Now, they were really taking some shots at
the gallstream. I couldn't believe it.
The person's art terrible.
Well, I'm actually the person that's overdowns are even better than the gallstream.
Delaware has better purses.
Because they got the slots.
Right.
Well, listen, you're fading off, so that means it's time for we get that blood sugar back up
there again.
Oh, I'm fine.
See it tomorrow.
Yeah, you too.
I tried.
Where were you fading to?
What's going on here today?
Are those of the hosts?
Yeah.
Let me just crank this up.
I'll be the first to go to the people there.
Oh, brother,
but touching around the control room, you idiot.
You're far.
Clevered in there.
Easy.
I care who you are.
You're far.
Howard David's a bitch.
Absolutely.
I've really heard the answer's got.
Don't I robber creeper?
When he spots with works like coins, he sounds like Harold Leaper.
It's a total torture.
I think this concert should have passed him.
He's found a little more masculine.
Look out for Robert Creeper.
If it's a real furry, it has to say no.
Watch out for Robert Creeper.
To the capital of the capital of the capital of the capital of the capital.
Stay away for Robert Creeper.
Especially if it's time for me to go on.
Watch out for Robert Creeper.
Go through the copy of the capital of the capital.
Robert Creeper.
Robert Creeper.
Yeah, that's it.
He's almost as embarrassing as Redyear Randy Moorah, but not quite.
Nobody's that bad.
1013 already at 5.
60 WQM.
Happy at Tuesday too.
We get a Marlon V.
Marlon's into Dodgers up in Jupiter man,
they're out of this world.
Marlon's on deck at 1250 and we're pretty peeled about that.
We're pissed off at that.
Yeah, I'm pissed off at that.
You were pissed off at that.
We're pissed off at that.
1030.
Hey, we're with each other.
Nuke and the destroyer.
We begin to sad note.
Jennifer Aniston passed away.
Over the weekend, we have sent our deepest condolences
on this greatest of all losses.
Judge Judy Shindland presiding over the top rated
Emmy nominated syndicated court show that bears her name.
And we have done a pretty good job.
Miss Madison calls Blackwick Ohio.
Hello.
Hello, gentlemen.
Hi.
Judge Judy, do you ever smoke blood from a huka?
All the time.
Yeah.
I like it that way.
What about you, Larry?
Do you partake in the conics?
Do.
Unfortunately, in this country,
you don't always do that.
To, uh, Apex North Carolina.
Hello.
Hey, boys, how's it hanging?
Uh, to the right.
That's Judy.
I heard that you were seen driving with your grand son
sitting in your lap.
Oh, is that true?
Maybe that's true.
Why would you do that?
That's so dangerous.
You, British, he has a baby.
She can do it.
Why can't I?
What makes her special?
I can drive with my kid in the car in the front seat.
We'll be right back with Judge Judy.
Don't go away.
We're not going anywhere at least till 1250.
1018 at 560 WN things are going really well in Iraq.
People in heart.
There's the daily appearance again of L.
President.
They doing his press conference.
Yuckin' it up with Helen Thomas and all these other people
that are writing about what I'm not saying he is.
And they're all sitting there.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Like that.
Really sad.
Zyna America, man.
Insurgents stormed a jail about dawn today
in the Sunni Muslim Heartland north of Baghdad.
Killing at least 17 policemen in a courthouse guard.
Authorities said all 33 prisoners in lock up were freed.
10 attackers were killed in the battle.
As many as 100 insurgent fighters armed with automatic rifles
and rocket propelled grenades stormed the Judicial Compound
about 60 miles northeast of Baghdad.
After torching the police station, the insurgents detonated
the string of roadside bombs as they fled,
taking the bodies of many of their dead comrades with them.
At least 13 policemen and civilians in 15 gunmen
wounded the attack.
Five other police were wounded and two separate roadside bomb attacks,
targeting patrols and northern Baghdad early the day.
Came a day after 39 people reported killed by insurgents
and shadowy sectarian gangs in Iraq.
More than 1,000 Iraqis have died since the bombing last month
of a Shiite Muslim shrine.
Police found the bodies released 15 more people
including that of a 13-year-old girl dumped in and near Baghdad.
The discoveries marked the latest in the string of execution style
killings that have become an almost daily occurrence.
As Sunni and Shiite extremist settled scores,
in other words, as the Civil War continues.
As night fell last night, a bomb struck a coffee shop.
In northern Baghdad killed killing at least 3 civilians
and injuring 23 others.
About the same time, gunmen killed two oil engineers
leaving work at the VG refinery north of Baghdad.
An electrical engineering technician were gunned down
at the nearby power station.
Separately, the owner of a small grocery and downtown Baghdad was shot and killed.
Other than that,
oh, and also five pilgrims on their way to Carbola were wounded
and drive by shooting earlier in the day.
Any other other?
Other than that, things are going very swimmingly well.
It's hard work, you know.
I don't even read about any of the good news.
Well, like Ed Rollins said, there is many.
Here's yesterday's poll result 1497 votes.
Generally, which group of self-reliance bugs you the most?
I would say QAM people.
But I'll be more than happy to give you some names.
Cubans 425.
New Yorkers 200.
Rednext 106, believe you me, if anybody questions how it felt
when the Titanic was going down, we're learning it here at QAM.
Rednext 106, I hate everybody 105.
French Canadians 101.
Senior citizens 92.
Patients 77.
They got a real pounding on the show, including from George yesterday.
You better watch your ass, mister.
Yeah, yeah.
I like everybody 71.
African-American 66, born again 64.
Republicans 51.
Jews 43.
Oi!
I hate this poll 38.
Jamaicans 18 mine.
They know where you find a good stuff and a good machine.
Radio Chronic's 15.
Isn't it the Chronic?
Gage 10, Brazilians 8, and Radio Sales Hole 7.
Although we had a chance to vote several times.
That last one.
Wow, wow, wow, wow.
You're doing a heck of a job, Chris.
Just like Brownie Brown.
You're doing a heck of a job.
Somebody QAIM in early call.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil, I just want to know why do you hate America?
Excellent call.
Harry Burman writes, yeah, I got to read fast today because we got that
ballgame coming up at 1250.
Or is it 1050, I think?
Based on the spots we got, we can get all the spots in right now and then be out of here by 1050.
No problem.
Apple of the trailer sitting down in Arkansas.
There you go, nice trailer.
I want to know.
Not out in the middle of the room.
Now that we got Robert Creeper in a beast in charge,
we're like getting all kinds of crap going on in the background.
We're going to like, first of all, we wind up being on a streaming thing
there earlier than when George and I are talking off there,
trashing the building,
trashing management and rightfully so.
We're streaming on the internet.
Unbeknownst to us for about 30 seconds.
Third man.
Then Hank sounded when I was doing the crossover.
And it sounded like he was fading off into another world.
Right. Like his, uh, didn't he?
Yes.
Now could you hear that?
Yes.
Well, that's in a control room.
Somebody just poaching around in there.
Somebody is in a control room.
Well, I think Robert and the beast ought to go in there and beat the crap out
whoever it is.
Although probably it's one of them.
Probably it's Robert.
Sounds like, now that he's got his new title, whatever it is,
the Queen for a Day, you know, now he's in there playing, uh,
sabotagey.
Guess what Robert?
What are you going to do about it?
Yeah.
Guess what?
I don't care who you are.
You fairy.
Eric Vermen on the Nation Rights Operation Overhyped.
Last Thursday the Pentagon launched Operation Swarmer,
described as the largest aerosol in Iraq since March 2003.
Did not tell you that there was nothing happened?
Yep.
I was at a conference on Iraq at the Center for the American Progressors,
Eric Vermen and saw the news flashing repeatedly on CNN,
MSNBC and Fox, the timing of few days before the worst third anniversary
and amidst a turret of negative opinion pulling for Bush,
seemed highly suspicious.
Well, this operation, like so much about the administration,
has told us about the word turned out to be a lie.
According to reporters on the ground from Time Magazine,
there were no airstrikes and no leading insurgents were
maddened in an operation that some skeptical military analyst
described as a little more than a photo op.
What's more, there were no shots fired at all.
The units had met no resistance, said the US and Iraqi commanders.
Moreover, however,
former AP correspondent Christopher Albert and Rice
that the targeted area north-Essamer has been swept,
contained, pacified, cleared,
five or six times since 2004.
Operation Swarmer was designed to show off the new Iraqi army,
although there was no enemy for them to fight.
There were as many troops, 1500 as residents in the desolate area,
no wonder Albert in termed the mission, operation overblown.
It's reassuring to know where our $300 billion are going.
Aren't there enough threats in Iraq that we don't need to fight non-existent one?
Well, how come you hit a military?
You Jew bastard, huh? See, there you go.
What do you think about that?
Okay, here's the, oh, that's right, they already ate the highways this morning, so that's
where they're gripsing and making the quick,
you know, the dashes down the hall.
Well, I tell you, I made that I got myself from ground beef yesterday.
I found it just a little bit of ground, not, not, not any enormous amounts, okay?
Because one thing I'm finding about this bean field tossed in, believe me,
it's not a spot so I'm sure never will be.
Troy.
But it doesn't take all that much, a couple of ounces, which ordinarily,
it's my problem when I make pasta, because I like it so much, I always make too much,
and then I eat it, you know what I mean?
A couple of ounces is a lot, that's a giant bag.
A giant bag?
Oh, what were you talking about?
Oh, I see.
I wasn't smoking when I was eating it, okay, brownie.
Anyway, some of me that meat sauce with the little curved sauce,
what I was the best with a lot of parmesan cheese,
this is Mr. Ego with say parmesan with a peppercorn.
Wow, and it was great.
919 votes on today's poll already, we got a shot at a thousand,
even though we're getting out of here early.
That's a real feather in our crap.
925, like I said, crap.
Which of these comes to mind first when you think of religion?
Faith 176, oh how sad that is.
How pathetic.
Yeah.
Intelligence 160, that was my vote.
Stupidity 141.
That was my vote.
Crutch 117, tax-free big business 108, all these choices are good.
Superstition 103, focus, focus 60.
Let's have a focus focus group.
Travel Astros has got about 30.
About 30, man.
Salvation 16 and murder 14.
How come murders in last place?
I wonder if there are more people that killed in the name of religion,
is even this recently.
Oh no, you forgot about all those atheists that killed everybody there.
That's right.
That's right.
I was Stalin and Mao Zedong, all those guys, all those go-
They killed everybody for being religious.
Right, because they wouldn't convert to being atheists.
Right.
26 and then Madeline O'Hare looked what happened to her.
Let's see her no more and that retard son of her is too.
Well I'd say to one thing, you ever see him?
No, I didn't.
Never saw either one of them.
Wow.
Well I had him as you know back in the day when he used to do those ponderous guests.
Had him on the show not only on the phone,
but in the studio and once in a while she'd bring him, he would tag along,
you know with mommy.
Oh brother.
Not missing him too much.
Although she was great, man, the Roman Catholic Church,
she would just rip them and ask she was a ballsy.
She had a big pair.
She had the hoes.
She had the cajones, Donna.
Donna Shalaley, who herself has probably got a big pair,
but has my bed to know about it.
Don't want to know anybody know about her in Janet Reno.
Wouldn't surprise me if they left in that red pickup truck in the middle of the night one night.
Just like Tom don't like his life like that one night, in the middle of the night.
Never to be seen again.
Hey, speak it or hop in in your vehicle.
Beach Ford is gone nuts.
That's
all the blotters that talking say
better not talk about a rat.
A guy of that feeling call a roll will attack him a face in Ford to a big Southern back.
I'll be said for the left wing or toe.
A top secret Tristan or hand get long.
Never be not the trace that listen to.
We're in our kids under house arrest.
Get all names after one protest and take the music where they name that.
Did you just go over the left wing or so?
You know where left wing or toe don't you?
Down below man down below.
That's where we all go down below as opposed to up above up there.
You know in the sky.
On a closet.
Speaking of religion I got a good article.
I'm just a printout right now.
Aren't you excited?
I have.
By Dave's wife all of capital times medicine Wisconsin.
No less he says the headline of it.
The title is religious fanaticism out of control.
Absolutely correct.
In case you and I haven't read it yet.
So that's really ballsy.
But I figured fits right in with our rule today.
Really.
I read.
In case you're not still sure how destructive the Bush administration has become
of this country you need to read Michael Specters piece.
The March 13th issue of the New Yorker magazine.
It's enough to give you the willies.
Do you ever have the willies?
I had the what willies was.
Specter documents how the Bush people are stacked the FDA with fanatics
or regularly trump science to advance their own religious beliefs.
It reads like a modern day Galileo being persecuted by the Catholic Church
because he maintained that the earth was round.
Although Specter sides several examples of religious beliefs
thwarting scientific advances by key appointees to the FDA
and other divisions of the Department of Health and Human Services.
Tommy Thompson's old department.
She said one of the most egregious has been to block a vaccine
designed to thwart cervical cervical cancer.
Two of the country's biggest pharmaceutical companies,
Merck and Greg Sosmith's client have developed and proven the
safety of the vaccine that prevents a common sexually transmitted disease
called human papilloma, Mavirus, HPV.
Strange of HPV are not a cause cervical cancer early adulthood.
The vaccine needs to be administered to girls before they become
sexually active which is the average age 17.
George.
If they realize the repritive religious base of the Republican Party
that George Bush and company have installed in crucial post in the health department
that base in George W.
have steadfastly adhered to the proposition that kids need to practice
abstinence and their eyes at anything from promoting use of condoms
to giving young girls vaccination against sexually transmitted diseases
only encourages promiscuity among young people.
These people refuse to believe results of the numerous scientific studies
that have shown that the availability of condoms for instance
has absolutely no impact on the rate of teen sex
or that young people who pledge to abstain actually engage in sex
as often as those who don't take a pledge.
Their religion maintains that Pemarital Sex is a sin period
which is fine except that Bush has created a situation where those
over-selleus religious beliefs instead of scientific fact determine national policy.
Since W.
became president, the U.S. has spent hundreds of millions of dollars on abstinence programs.
It's cut almost that much in aid to groups that support abortion
and the use of condoms as a primary method of birth control specter points out.
But who would believe that we actually block approval of a vaccine that can prevent cancer?
The role that religion is playing in an important help
to students is caused several career FDA doctors and staff to quit their jobs and discuss.
It isn't just in the name insane war, it's the anti-environment policies,
the unjust tax policies, the ceaseless trashing of civil liberties and the
subjugation of solid medical science for religious military that's carrying down
an America that was based on fairness and truth.
Can we really survive nearly three more years of this destruction?
He asks, what do you think?
No.
It's not to worry about the short-term attitudes.
Right, there you go.
Attitudes, short-term attitudes and all his platitudes, you know?
Really good. He the best.
Five, six, seven, come on.
We don't have a lot of time for calls.
Let's get with it.
Okay, let's hear about those panthers.
Kicking ass it over time after blowing a five-on-leaf last night.
Let's hear about Randy Moher or what a jackass he is.
Hope you're listening, Randy, you're an idiot.
And don't be knocking any spots off the log.
Our time is going to come right there and kick your ass.
We'll pay somebody to do it.
I don't think Tommy could even kick his own ass.
No, the Tommy does already.
Does he really?
Is it a rock band?
He has the fight all the time.
These are rock bands.
He's got tattoos.
These are rock bands.
How do you like that, Eddie?
He probably taps a mean piece too, Randy.
No question.
There you go.
Come there, kick your ass right down the balcony from the,
the, the, the, the, the center.
Five, six, seven.
Look at these phones.
Maybe that is a door nail.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty.
Tom five, sixty, and the Verizon singular wireless lines.
What we haven't seen this in months,
in months started a week ago,
why yesterday?
And now it's like just a carryover.
Okay, once that delay catches up for about next five minutes,
you'll see then they're going to really get into it.
Aren't they?
Yeah, we'll see something.
You'll, you'll see it.
Iraqi diplomat gave his longsword on us a rack crap.
Iraqi diplomat gave you SP word WMD details.
I saw about this.
They showed this guy on TV yesterday and made me,
made my blood boil, you know?
Made me really pissed off and fired up.
In the period before the Iraq war,
the CIA and the Bush administration,
erroneously believe that Saddam Hussein
was hiding major programs for weapons and mass destruction.
Now NBC News has learned that for a short time,
the CIA had contact with a secret source
at the highest levels within Saddam government,
who gave the information far more accurate than what they believed.
It's a spiced story that's never been told before
and raises new questions about pre-war intelligence.
Intelligence, my ass.
The guy was Najee Sabri,
Iraq's four minister under Saddam.
The bottom line is he was on the payroll of the CIA.
And he told them they didn't have nothing.
He told them all the inside dope and oh,
no, we got better intelligence than you got.
What would you, what could you possibly know for a hundred grand?
WDQA and hello.
The Patriots send Bush 20s to Baghdad.
Okay.
I'll pay for their lunch.
WDQA and hello.
I'm Cano.
Yes, sir.
Hi, I understand what you mean by Bush.
Yeah, if you ever noticed,
they haven't spoken about those 23 Taliban fighters
that escaped from that prisoner over there.
Yeah.
Are you told about them?
Yeah, not.
Everything else?
Nobody knows.
Bush is a big secret.
Okay, good luck to us, pal.
Whatever he just said.
I have no idea.
Bush is big secret.
Is this possible?
Okay.
That's what we're getting the answer.
As soon as possible.
30 QAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Good one.
That was a gaki who feared for his life at the game last night.
Sounded like Joe doing a voice.
And a better one than usual.
WDQA and hello.
Hey, Bill.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Good.
Hey, the two to four spot.
How about that Galvian iron winder, man?
Wouldn't that be great?
Everyday.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Listen.
Well, what do you do across the street?
You want to pay roll over there?
Yeah.
That's probably, yeah.
Sounded like Alan, what's his name?
Joel Feinberg's boyfriend.
Now, who's sounding like one of them?
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 1, that's what they like.
They're probably...
Listen, we're going to become a laughing stock at a marketplace
of this current regime to go continues.
Yeah, go to.
Like I said, we are the laughing stock at a marketplace.
They're all yupp-yok.
Even PD Lenny closing yesterday.
Lapping up his sleeve about making the right decision
not to come back to this joke.
The long is empty.
We got a little, a little kidney core of children running the radio station.
Like, overgrown, prepubescent kids that sit around,
I can't even say the word anymore.
That's true.
With circle.
Oh, see?
Those are the borders.
So it doesn't care.
Yeah, I don't order, man.
You're out of order.
This whole corn is out of order.
How do you like that?
I don't care who you are.
You tell them.
W-W-Q-A-M, hello.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I don't understand why they don't ask your mannits to do two to six.
They already have. He don't want them.
He don't want them.
He don't want them.
I'm going to ask you if you're getting paid a fortune to do like two and a half hours a day.
Like, for example, today he's on four to six thirty because we got the pant or whatever it
whatever it hold is.
They got some crap.
You caught him well.
I understand.
Marlins and Dodgers from Jupiter 105.
My dog after the ballgame, we might have to do a long show today.
But he's got a he's got a posh deal.
I mean, if you're paying a big bucks, I like tomorrow.
He's doing four to six thirty because another pant or game against Washington,
the crap itals.
Two and a half hours getting paid big bucks.
Are you going to do four hours a day?
Absolutely not.
So they made their own bed and now they're not only lying in it.
They're drowning in it.
It's like a water bed.
We got Hurricane Hotline tonight at seven.
That's a real ratings booster from Bernie Kosa, our steakhouse,
where Josh will be getting the free meals.
You going?
No.
Oh, he could have gotten him.
Well, maybe he wouldn't have gotten a free meal because I'm sure that if he would have
been there.
And then nine o'clock, you got the beast at Bernie Kosa,
that's our assistant program director, not the beast anymore.
Our assistant PD at any K at 10 o'clock.
That's our pristine lineup.
That would make sense, my dog.
Two to six.
That's where I beg that pleaded.
But they're not going to do that.
Don't do it, my dog.
That's my best advice.
You don't do a ton of screw off.
Especially after what they put us through a contract,
we knew all time there when I read how that was.
Oh, brother.
Who could ever believe that stuff?
Was it like a year ago, December?
Was that it?
It seemed like only yesterday.
With Joyce and Caroline Beasley and all those other Graham Over there.
Oh, and you've got to sign this and you can't be disrespectful to the management.
And you can't be disrespectful to the, that was the one that was there.
Yeah, we're going to get suspended, maybe even fired for insubordination,
which I could just make up whatever that is.
You know, throw you all that's into ordination.
You're fired at it, you know.
And we couldn't be disrespectful to the sports teams or the coaches or the jocks or the guys,
you know, they bring the soap into the locker room, all that stuff, the body wash or God.
Speaking of body wash, now that's a good question.
Jocks, what do you think, Josh?
Now, you ever go into Marlon's locker room when you were doing those games?
Oh, yeah, all the time.
I'd love to go in this show.
Everyone in shower with your guys.
Soap well.
I think, yeah, that's what I'm asking.
I'm wondering which professional sports teams are using body wash and which are still dropping the soap.
This is Neil Roger.
Welcome.
My God, your breasts are beautiful.
This is Ripley's believe it or not.
Jessica, I heard that you were scheduled to meet President Bush, but you didn't want to.
Is that true?
No.
Oh, no, it's not true or no you didn't want to meet him.
I don't know.
Okay, um, tap to put once for no, I didn't want to meet him or twice for no, that's not true.
Wait, I'm confused.
Okay, well, your manager told me that you didn't want to meet with the President
because he's dumber than you.
Is that right?
This is so confusing.
Oh, wait, um, all right, Jessica, who's dumber than you?
Curse the father, Mrs. Dewey.
I'm sorry, I didn't specify.
What human is dumber than you?
Sooner is fish, not chicken.
This is hard.
Okay, thanks a lot for the interview, Jessica.
Watch out for the camera.
Oh, right, can't hurt me.
Only on Ripley's believe it or not.
983 votes, we're going to make it to 1000.
I mean, even by 10 o'clock, by 11 o'clock.
Excited about that or what?
I sure remember Robert Reich?
Yes.
He was a Secretary of Labor under Bubba?
Yes.
Freeing God.
Professor of Public Policy at the Richard and Rotor-Goldman School of Public
Policy at the University of California, Berkeley.
Oh, sure.
He got a bunch of Jews to me.
Anyway, he writes, uh, just, just a headlight on this, uh, got my attention.
Bush's scum tails.
My co-tails, scum tails.
Vito and also made very constructive suggestions about it.
Uh-huh.
In contrast to a president's co-tails, this weep is part of two congressional
victories.
Scum tails have the reverse effect.
Bush's scum tails consist of abuses of power, corruption,
and incompetence now so widely recognized that according to recent polls,
those who strongly disapprove of his administration,
now equal those who merely approve.
Because turnout in the midterm election depends largely on intensity of preference.
Bush's malodorist tails would seem to vote well for Democrats,
who need to win six or more seats in the Senate,
and 15 in the House in order to take back Congress.
But there is an asymmetry of consequence between Republican and Democratic scum tails.
Even before W. came to Washington, Republican voters had low expectations of government.
Presumably then the fiasco is of Katrina, Iraq, the Social Security drug benefit,
the Bush fiscal policy, vote buying and sweetheart deals with corporations,
spying on Americans.
Abelgar, right.
And the Dubai Portee of the list only a few of the misadventures in the last five years and
three months have not especially shocked Republicans.
They've confirmed established Republican dogma that government can't do anything well
and is not to be trusted.
Democratic voters' aspirations for government are higher.
Although Democrats haven't shared Bush's goals, the overall ineptitude and self-dealing
with smartness efforts may have caused Democratic voters to become more dissolutioned
about the capacities of government in general, thereby jeopardizing Democratic aspirants for Congress
as much as Republican incumbents.
Recent polls from the Pew Research Center seem to confirm this.
The public's negative feelings toward Congress are high and strikingly nonpartisan.
Unfavorable ratings of both parties are at their highest level since 92,
and the view of Congress as an institution has had its lowest flooded over a decade,
47 percent view it unfavorably only 44 percent favorably.
This marks a major change from his recently as January 2001, when 64 percent of the public
expressed a favorable view of Congress.
Anti-encumbent sentiments were running, are running unusually high this year,
regardless of party and affiliation.
49 percent of registered voters say most members should not be returned to office,
up from 38 percent October 2002.
36 percent of independents say they don't want the incumbent on their district reelected.
That's as high a level as it was in October of 94, just before Congress slipped to Republican
control. But this settlement also runs high in Democratic ranks even within
traditionally Democratic districts.
Fully 31 percent of Democrats believe their representative should not be reelected,
compared to nearly 20 percent in previous midterms.
Only 18 percent of Republican voters say their representative should not be reelected.
More generally, the public has turned even more deeply cynical about government than it
was at the start of the Bush administration, accepting the months immediately following 9-11,
confidence in Washington to do what's right, just about always or most of the time, has
plunged since Bush took over the White House.
Only 34 percent of the electorate now takes his positive view, while 65 percent say they never
will only sometimes trust government to do what's right. By way of contrast, in 64,
76 percent of the public trusted government to do this about always or most of the time right,
about 22 percent never only sometimes did.
Cynicism about government is the single most important attribute of conservative
Republicanism, hopefulness about government's capacity to improve the lives of Americans has
been the defining theme of Democrats since Roosevelt. That's the Bush administration that the
Bush administration has succeeded so dramatically in deepening the pool of cynicism,
while stand as its greatest contribution to the Republican cause and its more police lethal
assault on Democrats. Ronald Reagan told America that government was the problem, but ironically
his presidency enhanced the stature of his office and of government. Reagan thereby
reversed the cynical trend that began with Vietnam and Watergate. By 88, the public was notably
less cynical about government than it had been in the 80 making a significant setback for consider
Republicanism. George W. Bush hasn't made the same mistake. His demeaned his office reduced the
capacity of government to govern, undermined public trust. His scum tales may reach some Republican
incumbents next November, but the danger is their stench may be strong enough to extend much
further and for many years to come. Their stench. Oh, I love it. You've all robert.
Good man. Robert Reich. It's not to be called Reich. That's bad. You'll see that these days.
Reich. Reich. Right. By the way, George Cordis already knows this, and that is if you were
UN grouply and you were Jewish, you already be part of the, we'd have a quad actor, man.
I'm looking to convert. You'd be partly ruling a hunt of it, is just the last couple of days
taken over a bloodless coup at QAM, while the other people were sleeping and running around as
court gestures. Yuck, yuck, yuck like that. You know, 996 votes on the poll. I told you by
11 o'clock we got 1,000. We got it licked. You think we can lick it? In fact, we got 1,000
for right now. Just be fresh it again. God. How are you refreshing? 1,000 four votes. I'll rate
side even 11 o'clock yet. Which of these comes to mind first when you think about religion?
Faith 188. Uh-huh. Intelligence 176. Stupidity 150. Kind of like,
officially and must not. Crutch 125. Catch free big business 121. Superstition 116.
Focus, focus 65. Travel us there's 31. Salvation 17. Murder 15. We want to put fear of death
because Crutch is, uh, that includes that, but let's put fear of death. Sure. See animals don't
invent religions that we know of. That we know it's right. Maybe they do. Maybe and maybe
or cats got religion. Got that dog religion. No cats. I'm thinking more like it. Maybe that's why
they act so spooky all the time. Oh, speaking of why the public is so cynical about Congress,
the House of Representatives is on track this year to be in session for fewer days in Congress.
Then the Congress, Harry Truman label is do nothing during his 48-relation campaign. Members of
Congress are taking an entire week off for St. Paddy's Day, which of course was last Friday.
It's the latest scheduling innovation to give members more time to meet with constituents.
Through Friday, the House was in session for 19 days compared with 33 for the Senate. That's
this year. If they stick to their current schedule, including two weeks off in April, a week in
May and July, plus all of August, kind like my schedule, House members will spend 97 days in
Washington this year. Even I work more, even the mad dog works more than that. 97 days. Wow.
The House was in session 108 days in 48 according to the Chamber's archives compared with 141 last
year. This is an election year and people want to see more of their constituents at House
majority leader John Bonner of Ohio, Vayner, Vayner. But for the first two months of the year,
House members logged a total of 47 hours in the capital. They took almost the entire month
of January while the Senate confirmed Sam Alito to the Supreme Court and they started singing
in Deutschland, New Boralus. For both chambers, work weeks have become short and recent years.
Rule call votes are seldom scheduled for Mondays or Fridays and the House they're often postponed
into late Tuesday. As it resulted, typical of the schedule committee meetings, some panels meet
when Congress isn't in session, but not often. When in Washington, lawmakers do a lot of multitasking.
Last week, Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Arlen Bush Inspector of Pennsylvania
struggled away the immigration bill for the full Senate as Pam Lambert drifted in out of the room
that were struggling to floor debate on the budget and other meetings. Critics
contend Congress needs time to discuss important issues. The two day-to-their-day work schedule
is a detriment that Representative Dan Longroom, Republican California, who served five terms in the
80s and the retired last year and was returned last year, it should say. So much for it's thinking
at and that's what it says. Absent he Congress isn't bad. I don't think there's anything wrong
with him being out of Washington, said John Samples of the Kato Institute. I think
that members of the government, they might be better represented. Yeah, in other words,
stay the hell away. They can't do as much damage like this one here.
See, they're like, what I said, they're yucking it up, man.
Everything is a big yuck up, but he's got it just like when when Herrmann doing
Rumsfield holds his press conference and starts talking about the Nazis and all that other crap.
And they're all, yeah, everything's a big joke. People are dying like crazy.
They've got more blood on their hands like an ocean of blood and everything's a big joke.
And what are we getting all been out of shape about? Look at that, 1118 votes already, man.
We're kicking big fat smelly ass. How's that new sales manager coming by the way?
How's he coming to wear?
WDQAM on the trip back to North Carolina. QAM.
How are you doing now?
Great.
What's your core about religion?
My control.
Okay. How about brainwashing? Isn't that better brainwashed?
Absolutely. The same thing. Sure.
Okay, thanks a lot, Palli. Thank you.
You, Heathen, Dastard. Okay, brainwashing that he's just said he's going to be down there.
He won't be up there. He's down there with their liberals.
Down there with us, with all the liberals, man.
It's going to be all down there. Have a big old liberal of whoot.
Good, Al.
Right. We're going. We're on our way.
Not to my knowledge.
No. WDQAM. Hello.
QAM.
Oh, this was going to be our best call of the day.
I could smell it.
That's stenced that Robert Rice was talking about.
Not there.
It's going to be.
WDQAM. Hello.
QAM.
Does Roberto have a long one?
WDQAM. Hello.
Joyce, don't forget to pipe.
I don't know.
Yeah, we'd like to take the pipe to Joyce.
Alright, but another kind of he's talking about.
The lead pipe.
Maybe just a pipe on a bomba.
WDQAM. Hello.
Man, how are you?
Okay.
That's all I wanted to know.
Okay.
WDQAM. Hello.
You know it's hard up here.
It's hard with training.
Shoot me.
WDQAM. Line nine.
This will be Eddie.
Eddie line.
Ain't nothing there.
What's just happened here?
I hit it.
Psych.
Oh, okay.
And our last call WDQAM.
Hey Neil, I just want to let the audience know that if they go to
www.znew.net, they can download the whole South Park episode.
It's on there on the Operation Clandaic website.
You mean Tom in the closet?
You can download the entire thing there.
And it's with Matt Stone and Jay Park is blessing.
So it's totally great.
Excellent.
Okay. Thanks a lot, Pallee.
Good news.
Of course, we are hearing rumors that it's going to be on again tomorrow night.
And then Josh keeps telling us the new season of South Park is tomorrow night.
This is true.
So well, so you'll have to tune in to find out who's got the Emma's.
Okay.
I will say comedy central site.
They put up.
You're able to watch a clip from it.
Yeah.
Just when our Kelly Tom and Johnny tried to get him out of the closet.
Excuse me, but I do believe that stuff's bad.
Yeah, well, too bad.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Oh, look at that.
All of a sudden, I was just I had all my pile.
I got to get my pile, baby.
I got to get my piles going.
Don't you don't you feel like compel to get your piles going?
If you keep eating that how I stuff, they will already got to go.
Wow.
That's cool.
It's strong.
WQAM Pyle line.
Hello.
Not there Q.A.M.
Hello.
Hey, really try to put the coffee down coffee for closes.
And how about you?
No, okay.
WQAM.
Hello.
To when doing lines.
Not yet.
And both kinds.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yes.
I was checking my receipt.
And could you tell Tom Jigger that he overcharged me to the hall of bar?
Thank you.
Oh, by the way, spirit of Tom Jigger, he's going to be on.
I'm Friday night for Eddie Kay after the Panther Ranger Game Boy.
I'm sure that a lot of our people will be calling Tom.
Hey, nice job on Neil's 30th anniversary, Tom.
Not nice job covering the local radio and TV scene.
Not Tom, but they won't do that.
They'll just call up and talk about sports and super crap.
You know that they'll call up kisses ass.
All Tom, you're right on top of things, Tom.
You're so right.
Yeah, because that's the way Towsill College generally are.
Except ours, of course.
I was like, right.
Is there a noise?
But everybody liked that.
No, I'd rather have a noise than ask us.
I can't stand but kissing calls.
Oh, Larry, you're so wonderful, Larry.
What's the question?
What's the year wonderful?
What's the question?
God.
10.56 at 5.60 W.
Here more or less than two hours away from Marlon's visible.
Well, we sure miss Joe Angel.
I'll tell you that.
You know, in looking up a lot of those old polls
to bring back for a second time.
So we did a poll one day back in the day when Joe Angel and Dave O'Brien were doing the Marlon
games.
And Joe Angel just kicked his ass like about four to one out of about a thousand votes.
He'd be just pummeled Dave O'Brien.
I'd even close.
So I guess that the Marlon's didn't like Joe Angel because he was too good.
You know, being outdoors a lot in South Florida, you really need comfortable shoes.
So the only place to go is Brandy shoes in Pomano Beach.
Brandy's carries all the major brands like Floreshine,
Echo, Mifisto, Rockport, Hush, Puppies, New Balance,
tons of other name brands and all sizes for men and women.
They even carry wide widths and hard to find sizes too.
If you've got funky feet.
Brandy shoes is the largest independent shoe retailer in all of South Florida.
And when you see the selection value of get you get at Brandy's,
you'll see why I've been telling you about them for years.
And you'll see why this copy is so good.
Go see our riff-rack Arnie.
He'll get you the right putting shoes for your feet.
Brandy's isn't like a department store where you have to wait a long time to get service.
And then they tell you, oh, guess what?
We don't have those shoes in your size anyway.
The only thing they do with Brandy shoes is shoes.
So you never have to worry about size selection or service.
Brandy shoes you'll find them at 1290 North Federal Highway in Pomano Beach
between Atlantic and Copen's Road on the East Side.
That's 1290 North Federal.
You can't miss it.
Open Monday through Saturday till 9 every Sunday till 5.
And this week is a great time to buy men's shoes at Brandy's.
If you're size 14 and over.
If you've got big platypus kind of feet,
take 10 bucks off on all men's brands and check out our men's and women's hush puppies
on sale at 20% off this week too.
So be sure to get your butt into Brandy's this week or shop for shoes on their website at Brandy's shoes.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62.8.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is a blend.
Any questions?
Oh, hey, you know, I never made the first move.
I'm funny.
There I am.
I'm not getting you.
I'm not looking nowhere at you.
I think it was one at first.
I'm so lucky.
Really?
I'm not a girl.
I'm not a wonder.
She had a boy there.
I get what they call it.
The legs were full of hair.
The doll that teased her flat.
She smelled like wine and turbid tiner and a big hog's father fat.
She had so many alters.
Absolutely.
And if you saw her face in a crowded place
you would throw up in your mouth.
You're giving me a yes.
Give me a kiss.
She looked like a sick ghastle.
So did I.
Janet Green.
Oh, that was bad.
That was a nasty.
She shot it poor Janet.
Wasn't it?
Oh, yeah, I was.
Huh?
It was alright.
Oh, speak of the candy, Colley.
It's 11 o'clock at 5'60 W.Q.
And we got Harlan's baseball coming up in 1250.
Less than what?
Less than three hours away, right?
Right.
What's a big deal with that?
Or less than two hours away?
My math is usually pretty good.
Less than two hours away.
Three sounds like an awful long time,
and it's, yeah, too.
The sunny shine, it looks really nice.
Looks like a good day at woodbine today for me.
In fact, when at, in that day we just play where he's talking about
she smells of wine and I'm thinking hangs out at woodbine.
We'll be next to the line.
But nevertheless.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, man.
Tom Cruise versus South Park in case you've been asleep.
This is why everybody's talking about that episode,
which I think a lot of people that don't even watch South Park
want to see that episode.
No, I'm saying they ought to.
Parker and Stone, the million-year war for Earth has just begun.
Three Parker and Matt Stone.
They are a, they're a panic.
They're the best.
It ought to be a little bit better.
Absolutely.
Actor Tom Cruise threatened to boycott the promotion
for his upcoming Paramount Pictures film
unless a sister-cable TV network.
Hey, Tom, sister, how's it going, baby?
Tom, I don't care who you are.
You fairy.
Unless a sister-cable TV network pulled a South Park
that we run, lampooning the furthest of Scientology,
the ecology industry sources set on Friday.
See, the Lord is punishing me already.
I can't speak.
Representatives for Paramount and crew is a prominent
Scientologist.
denied he made any search threats or anything to do with the
Comedy Central Network, canceling plants, the error repeat
of the South Park episode titled,
Trapped in the Closet last Wednesday.
Trapped in the Closet.
Tom and John Pervold are trapped in the Closet.
You fairy.
And they will come out.
Trey Parker and Matt Stone created the crudely animated
cartoon hit, issued a quirky statement filled with
references to Scientology and the science-fiction
writings of church founder Elrond Hubbub suggesting
Scientology was behind the scheduling change.
Oh, is it?
It is.
I'm a ponderlog.
There are no coincidences.
I am a ponderlog.
So Scientology have won this battle, but the
million-year war for earth has just begun, the peer road.
Temporarily, oh, there's that word again,
anisonizing our episode will not stop us from keeping
feet and forever trapped in your pitiful man bodies,
curses and dread.
You have obstructed us for now, but your fever bit the
safe humanity will fail.
Hail Z-New.
Hail Z-New.
Oh, I gotta be careful which at least drop ends I play.
You know what I'm saying?
There's a lot of things I know you, I know you,
Blue Sea, I got a lot of things.
But my favorite, of course.
Excuse me, but I do believe that stuff.
That's always a fun.
I've got to find a doubly-do-right music.
Instead of the Tom Cruise episode, the network aired
reruns of two South Park episodes,
speaking to the featuring character,
Chef voiced by veteran soul singer Isaac Kays,
also a Scientologist who quit the show earlier this week.
Of course, that depends if you believe that the article we had
yesterday said it didn't quit it because he's like a vegetable.
Comedy Central, which like Paramot is owned by a
Viacom Inc. to climb, comment on the reruns,
which other than to say, in light of the events earlier this week,
we wanted to give Chef an appropriate tribute
by earning two episodes he's most known for.
Two and a days the music.
Purses and drafts.
Can't believe do right.
Hey, doubly, guess what?
I don't care who you are, you ferry.
Two and a few sources from making it with the situation
told Roy to his Comedy Central,
pulled the traffic into closet episode from its
South Park rerun rotation after Cruise threatened to cease
promotion of his upcoming Paramot film,
Mission Impossible the Turd.
And it was,
folks, and Paul Blocks said neither the actor nor his
representatives had anything to do with the scheduling
of South Park reruns.
And that Cruise had never said anyone he'd be
featured in the film.
Paramot's spokesman Janet Hilden at A. N.L.
just such a threat.
South Park heading into its 10th season next week
is one of Comedy Central's biggest hits,
centers on the annex of four foul mouth
fourth graders in a small Colorado town.
Outlandish religious sad has been a mainstay of the show
since its debut in 97,
poking fun at Catholics, Jews, Mormons, Buddhist,
and Muslims.
One early episode featured a martial arts
duel between Jesus and Santa Claus
over the Trumanian Christmas.
While he said that the show's ridicule of religion
generally is his reason for leaving the series,
so instead, this in a statement on Monday,
the sole singer was specifically upset about the
trapped in the closet episode which first aired last fall.
In it, the character named Stan's score
so high in a sound college, a Scientology test,
a church follower thinks he's the next Elrond hubbub.
Cruise is depicted locking himself in Stan's closet
and then refusing repeated requests by various characters
to come out of the closet,
including John Travolta, who eventually
hates your hands,
Cruise in the closet.
And rightfully so, hey John!
You fairy!
What a joke!
In fact, next to the priesthood,
I think that is the world's biggest closet
of Scientology.
Which of course I didn't.
You tell me that what's your name,
Christi Ali, that cow?
Yes.
Oh, it's her, it's you, you have a feeling.
Yeah, I sure want to go on a diet based on that pitch.
There are two years shuffling that's the crap,
though.
Oh, God.
Excuse me, but I do believe that sucks, hey!
You know, with these breaks we got this,
now we can probably do them all right now.
God, we could.
But Tavia Ohai,
do you see about this lunatic?
You saw the thing on CNN this morning.
Which one?
What thing?
I'm about to say Charles Martin got to kill the neighbor.
Kill the kid?
Oh, yeah.
Good.
Charles Martin, a real grizzle old fart.
But Tavia Ohai, thank God not for Tavia New York.
A man who neighbors say was devoted to his meticulously kept lawn,
was charged with murder when the shooting of a 15-year-old boy who apparently walked across his yard.
Anybody that keeps their lawn too meticulously trimmed, you know?
That's a crazy person.
That's right.
Be a friend.
Right, if that's the best thing they got to worry about,
then they got something up their sleeve.
Probably a gun.
Shotgun.
Charles Martin called 911 on Sunday of noon saying,
calmly, I just killed the kid.
Police released a calls conference,
said Martin also told the dispatcher,
I've been harassed by him and his parents for five years,
today just blew it up.
Larry Murgra, Mugrage.
You've heard of Road Rage?
No.
This is the Mugrage.
Larry Mugrage, whose family lived next door,
was shot in the chest with a shotgun.
The high school freshman was pronounced dead at a hospital.
Martin, 66, allegedly told police he had several times had problems with neighbors walking on his lawn.
He remained jailed without bond yesterday.
As J.A.L.A said, no attorney were listed for him.
Neighbors said, Martin lived alone quietly.
Oh, yeah, there you go.
That's one of the worst signs,
often sitting in front of his one-story,
a home with its neat lawn, well-framed, shrubbery, and flagpole with US and Navy flags flying.
There's the definitive sign.
Joanne Richie, 46, had Mugrage, was known as a good kid.
In fact, the only thing worse than those kind of flags is living near somebody's
got like one of those banners flying and says, he is risen.
Oh, man, look out for that.
Joanne Richie, 46, had Mugrage, was known as a good kid.
If you said he always considered Martin to be friendly.
Union Township is near Batavia, about 20 miles east of Cincinnati.
Oh, Cincinnati, oh brother, a bastion of right-wing lunatics.
Wow, but a little bit like that.
Speaking of that, W-Q-A-M, hello.
46, had Mugrage, was known as a good kid.
Hello, Anne.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
Who's this George?
Yeah.
No, sir.
How you doing?
I'm calling the...
Who's this?
Is George?
No.
Yes, what do you have, Pally?
Come on, speak to me.
Hey, I'm calling you.
How you doing?
I'm calling about that cut that you're used for, I'll patino, man.
I want to know what movies I've filmed.
I'm sorry now, but I don't care who you are.
You're fair, man.
Henry Glenn Rossman.
Glenn, what is it?
Glenn, Gary Glenn.
They're very, very good.
Right.
Or they're movies that absolutely suck.
Who can take that?
They'll take any off.
Is that what it is?
Yeah.
So you never know.
What's that movie he's in with Johnny Depp, Puccino?
Which one?
Some of Carly Dose Way, is that his Johnny Depp in that one?
No, no, you're thinking of Donnie Brass.
Donnie Brass, go ahead.
No, no, I'm not thinking I know Donnie Brass, go ahead.
Carly Dose Way, who's in that with Puccino?
Is it De Niro?
Carly Dose Way, just awful.
Just horrible.
Sean Penn, I think, is in there.
Oh, like I said, I like Sean Penn.
He's not as a person, but as a nice.
Alongs in the pen, 165 votes.
Holy moly rat man, what's going on here?
Which of these comes to mind first when you think of religion?
Faith 202.
Well, faith.
Faith Hill?
Faith in what?
Faith in Bubba, my sees, man.
These people, intolerance 183, that's obviously the correct answer.
Stupidity 158, well, a lot of these are the correct answer,
but certainly not faith.
Crutch 132, a crutch.
Tax pay, big business 127, superstition 121.
But I don't know, like that.
Focus, focus 65.
Focus, focus gives me the heebie-jeebies.
In fact, on his show, gives me the heebie-jeebies.
Especially when I see all those Orthodox, those Getskis.
Chavelasius 32, Salvation 18, Oh, hallelujah, we're all going to the big place in the sky.
Murder of 16, brainwashing 7, and fear of death 4.
That little move up, fear of death.
Like Madeline O'Hare used to say, without a hell, religion wouldn't be worth a damn.
And look what happened to her now.
Oh, she's gone to pieces over it.
FBI bosses ignored warnings.
There's so many of these stories, you know?
So many people ought to be like on death row.
So many of these are officials incompetent.
A Minneapolis FBI agent testified yesterday that he warned in dozens of communications in August 2001
that a jailed flight student, Zikarius Musawi, who's named now,
they got a new way to pronounce it, which I can't even say it.
Is that Carias?
No, some other way.
All right.
Was planning a hijacking and blame criminal negligence by Washington bosses for
blunting a chance to stop those 9-11 attacks?
Well, maybe they didn't want to stop it, huh?
Zikarius?
No, I said a third way.
It's an exactorizer Zikarius, but how they came up with a third way.
Carlydus way.
Special agent Harry Samet, then, under cross examination as Musawi's definitely
trial resumed after week-long recess, acknowledged that French intelligence advised the FBI.
12 days before the attacks that Musawi was very dangerous.
He was a muslim man, a partially declassified French cable of August 30th.
About 30, man.
2001 also said he had been indoctrinated by Muslim extremists and had been in Afghanistan.
But despite those red flags, Samet said a request for a special national security warrant
for search of Musawi's belongings was like earlier ones.
Shot down by headquarter supervisor Michael Malfi and his boss, David Frasca.
He said Malfi had voice concerns and had a really documented warrant request.
Would hurt his career.
Ready for that?
3000 people had to die because this jackass, this A-hole, this ice hole thought that, you know,
if he didn't do it exactly right to the letter of the law, it would hurt his career.
Have you liked that?
Adult.
Sounds like another brownie brown nose to me.
God, what's going on in your America, man?
Go back to the very first call of the day.
I think we got ahead of point.
WDQAM, hello.
Yeah, I'm waiting for Quarant Cromarty.
Yeah, have you had about a half an hour?
WDQAM, hello.
QAM.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What exactly is the poll today?
I'm sure I'm in.
The poll is why do people call the show and ask what the poll is?
That's the poll.
What kind of person does that?
And the answer is so far is only A-holes.
By the way, the crow when he's on the letter about 1130 is going to tell you about
whether they really use the sofa to body wash in the locker room.
Going locker room and pump, pump, pump, pump.
They'll tell you a lot.
They're already there.
They're in there.
He's been in there.
I saw him yesterday.
He was in here.
The crow?
Yeah.
You smell the me yesterday?
He was here.
Oh, it must have been that K-MIRBOKE scent again.
Wow, he must roll around in it and the K-MIRBOKE too.
I just don't get it.
I never smelled the guy in my life like quite like that.
1113 at 560 WDQAM only about an hour and a half away from Marlon's baseball
with Dave Ann Boring and Roxy Foxy.
You know when it comes to Mattris' there are a lot of gimmicks going these days.
Next time on Miracle Breakers.
These Miracle Doctors from across the country are now making possible what was previously thought
impossible.
This was George just two weeks ago.
Of uh, but uh, they uh, they're organ, they're, they're, they're, they're, we did a total brain
transplant and now we're hoping that something intelligent might come out of his mouth and now
the moment of truth.
I am welcome.
I'm good.
I'm good.
I'm good.
I'm good.
And, and, and, well, it's a partial victory.
At least every other word out of his mouth is into terror.
Terror is, huh?
Terror.
Terrorist, terrorist.
Terrorist, terrorist.
Terrorist, terrorist.
Terrorist, terrorist.
Wait a minute.
It's the same brain.
War.
I forgot to tell you.
It's very cyber.
It was a great, great, great, great, great, great.
Yes, next week.
How do you like that?
So he's got Terry's brain.
I wonder if he's got Terry's.
Cute.
We'll find out.
We'll do a little research in a matter.
Okay.
We'll just invest in a way.
We'll put Robert Creeper on it.
Hey, Robert.
What are you going to do about it?
You fairy.
Iraqi police report details of Indians' deaths at the hands of US troops.
Have you heard about this?
Yes.
I read it on the site as a matter of fact.
On our site?
But our old site.
Did we have some good news stories on our site?
Yes, we do.
There is a few people who take a look at that as supposedly.
When I get a moment, I draw a picture
that we don't have any memory chance I get.
Iraqi police have accused American troops of execute 11 people,
including a 75-year-old.
In fact, Josh thinks we've got some breakthroughs on there too,
but probably too many.
I'm sorry?
I just walked in the roof.
Yeah, he just got back from a visit.
A trace?
No, no.
That was a once key, man.
We got 40-second breaks here.
You're telling me?
I have never.
Listen, last time this is like the 21st of March,
spring has sprung, okay?
I've been in this market 100 years.
I have never on this particular day seen a log that looks like this, okay?
In fact, this morning, I dropped a better log in the bold
than what we got here today for the show.
Chris, you got a lot of work cut off for you.
Chris, I'll say that right now, man.
You've got a real big pile of work cut off for you,
especially with a group of dunderheads you got back there.
Iraqi police have accused American troops of executing 11 people,
including a 75-year-old woman and a six-month-old infant.
I don't understand what they're not bringing in our troops,
candy and flowers.
In the aftermath of a raid last Wednesday in a house about 60 miles north of Baghdad,
the villagers were killed after American troops heard of them into a single room
with a house, going to a police document obtained by nightritter newspapers.
The soldiers also burned three vehicles, killed the villagers' animals,
and blew up the house.
Other than that, everything was just fine.
You know?
Oh, we're fine.
US military spokesman Major Tim Keefe said that the US military has no information
to support the allegations, of course not, and that he hadn't heard of them
before reported broken to his attention Sunday.
We're concerned to hear accusations like that,
but it's also highly unlikely that they're true, he said.
Right.
The end of the US forces take every precaution that keeps civilians out of harm's way.
The loss of innocent life, especially children, is regrettable, he said.
Actuizations that US troops of kills civilians are commonplace in Iraq,
though most are just later to be unfounded or exaggerated.
Navy investigators announced last week they were looking into whether Marines
intentionally kill 15 Iraqi civilians, four of them, women and five of them,
children during fighting last November.
But the report of the killings in Abu Sifah, area of Isshaki,
a Malz-North of the Lod, is unusual because they're originated with the Iraqi police.
And because the Iraqi police were willing to attach their names to it,
in fact, this article has got the, if you want to like read the whole thing.
It's got the police report attached to it.
Okay.
And the police report, not that the religious binadx over there, you understand,
but the police report starts out by saying, in the name of God the most merciful,
this is the morning and afternoon events of March 15, 2006.
In the name of God the most merciful.
Oh, geez.
Just report which also contained brief descriptions of other events in the
Er
joint coordination center to greet.
That's why you were renegotiated joint.
A regional security center set up a US military assistance.
And Iraqi police, Colonel Saunders, the report which is based on communications
from local police.
Well, they're dying like flies.
And if they could get in a way, you know what?
I'll not write.
They're hitting the answer by standard bullcrap.
They have collateral.
They're getting the right collateral damage man.
Collateral damage.
Just stay out of our way.
Okay.
We're here to bring you peace and love and freedom.
And democracy, we're one or nine.
Here's the Eddie Lines, 2 AM.
Hi there.
Yes, ma'am.
Good morning to you and George.
And someone sent me that wonderful article about you in your 30 years and it was well deserved.
Two quick things that pasta.
I'd like to recommend a Hodgothin H-O-D-G-S-O-N-Mil.
Holy grain.
It's delicious.
I don't know if you get it up there in Canada.
Pasta is it low carb pasta?
Low carb, let's see.
Well, I can't eat regular pasta.
That's the whole idea of what we're talking about the dreamt of because it's low carb.
Yeah, 40 grams.
Oh, forget about that.
Can't eat that.
I don't know if I better get a one to be cookin' on that.
Okay, well thanks anyways.
We are going.
How are you like that?
It's whole wheat.
I've got to step on that pasta.
Whole wheat in my ass, okay?
I doubt it.
Whole wheat.
I bet it's pretty white in here.
Get out of here.
What that stuff.
See, all of a sudden we're getting pasta calls.
Dreamfields, the reason I got...
I found it online accidentally because I was looking for that sure-tocky stuff,
those noodles man, the stuff that smells like rancid fish.
Oh, god.
In fact, how can you tell if fish is rancid?
It all smells the same anyway.
But anyway, any who...
Dreamfields, there's a link right there on our website on our homepage right under the pool.
Is it under the pool again today?
Let me take a look.
It's over there somewhere.
It's under the pool right above the picture of Osama morphing into OJ.
We should put a picture of pasta.
Dreamfields, it should probably say Dreamfields low carb pasta would be better.
I don't want to get Eric involved in more work, okay?
Because I already sent him tomorrow's poll.
I don't want to get him involved in a lot of work.
It's hard work.
But it should probably say low carb.
Because otherwise, people look at that if they aren't listening and paying attention.
Like that lady had no idea what I was talking about.
And they say, well, why is this like a sponsor?
Is something no?
Am I promoting it?
Yes, of course I am.
Because I found it and I'm using it.
And I'm eating it and I'm loving it.
And it's not having any detrimental effect on my blood sugar.
Yeah, sure it goes up.
Something that comes back down.
What goes up must come down.
Like our ratings.
Like this radio station, okay?
We reached the pinnacle man a while back.
Is it two years ago, spring or a year ago in the spring?
And we had a joke with him when he was 18 to 10.
Remember that after they dumped out?
Farrell.
It's a brewer.
It's a good one.
We had a great spring book.
And then of course they decided that mess with success.
They weren't satisfied with that.
We didn't have any potty mouths on it.
They said for me, we didn't have any problems at that point.
So let's start creating some problems.
Joyce.
Yeah, let's rejoice.
Okay, let's go over there and hear who asks what for.
Well, from on here it should be an easy target.
Because from enormous that she's all ass.
Hey Joyce, guess what?
We don't give a crap what you say about these words.
I don't care who you are.
You fail.
Right.
I don't know why I keep playing that one.
I don't know where you are.
Eric is on the case.
He's lost for $6,000.
How much?
I think you're pardoned.
Eric's on the case of it.
Yeah, he's going to probably go on there.
It's going to get spruced up real party.
Well, it doesn't.
I'm not.
Look, what are we all of them?
They didn't.
I mean, I I paid for it.
I can get nothing for free.
And I don't mind paying for it.
But I at least to post anyway.
No, seriously, I don't mind it.
Because it was damn good.
It's a good one of the greatest things I ever discovered in my life.
I'm excited about it.
And I'm not going to eat it every day.
Although I will say I came here on Friday.
Friday, Saturday, Sunday.
I've eaten it four days in a row.
I will not be eating it today.
Because today is would-buy and Tuesday.
So I'm taking a break from it today.
Now tomorrow, that's another story.
Who knows?
Humans for the worst extinction since dinosaurs.
Don't get so about it.
That dinosaur is.
What's worse, that is, or mine is, or mine is, or us.
Tell you that's explainable to me.
Oh, humans are responsible for the worst spade of extinction since the dinosaurs
and must make unprecedented extra efforts to reach a goal
of slowing losses by 2010.
You and reports said yesterday.
We're killing a man.
We're wiping him out.
Habitat's ranging from coral reefs to tropical rainforests face mounting threats.
The secretary of the UN Convention on Biological Diversity said in the report.
I didn't even know there was a UN Convention on Biological Diversity.
We should have the start of March.
In a meeting in Kuretiba, Brazil.
Brazil, everywhere that Brazil stuff again.
Within Brazilians.
I think we are named Brazilians listening to the show.
I doubt it.
We'll put the little boat.
Soccer enough.
Brazilians.
In effect, we're currently responsible for the sixth-made extinction of
the history of Earth and the greatest since the dinosaurs disappeared.
65 million years ago.
Well, what were the godsquad think about that 65 million year crap?
That's more that communist garbage.
More that proper ganda.
We know the Earth is only like six, seven thousand years old.
The universe.
Because God woke up one day and said, hey, I'm bored.
Let's, let me snap my fingers and create some crap.
Apart from the disappearance of the dinosaurs, the other big five extinction were about
205, 250, 375, and 440, those are all million years ago.
Scientists suspect that asteroids, strikes volcanic eruptions, or sudden climate shifts
may explain those five.
The big five.
A rising human population of six and a half million was undermining the environment for animals
and plants by pollution expanding cities before the station in the Jeff DeForest.
Introduction of alien species and global warming, it said.
We don't want to hear Jeff DeForest.
That's what the Joao Bell said.
Said your corn ball.
It's estimated the current pace of extinctions was a thousand times faster than historical
rates jeopardizing a global goal, said that a 2002 UN summit in Johannesburg to achieve by
2010 a significant reduction in the current rate of biodiversity loss.
On precedent, the initial efforts that we needed to achieve the 2010 biodiversity target
at national regional and global levels it'd be saying.
The report was bleaker than it first you in review of the diversity of life issue in 2001.
Bleak.
According to a red list compiled by the World Conservation Union, 844 animals and plants
are known to have gone extinct in the last 500 years ranging from the dodo.
The dodo, I guess they don't know some of our audience, to the golden toad in Costa Rica is what's
happened to it.
It says the figures are probably a big underestimate.
The golden toad.
Did we see a golden toad?
That lately in the road probably ran some over.
We didn't even know it.
The direct causes of biodiversity loss have a tag chain over exploitation of invasive
alien species, nutrient loading and climate change, show no side of a baiting the report said.
Despite the threats it said the 2010 goal was by no means an impossible one.
The dream, how come on Pericomal, the impossible, or you can do it?
You got it?
Find a wheel.
Let's find that.
How much you got the impossible dream with Pericomal?
Copy them up.
Give them a little oxygen.
Stick the tube in the corner of his mouth where the peppergerant
pepperoni juice drool is driven down.
It's impossible.
That's not the impossible dream.
That's the impossible.
By Pericomal.
It's impossible to sing when you're dead.
The beep here is taking it wrong.
Do we have a change in the schedule?
Yes.
Because I just got a new schedule for, um,
this is about tomorrow's edit.
I don't know.
Well, I'm sure it is.
And the only thing about that is that we got the Hurricanes and Michigan,
but because we got the Panther Cavalry game, which is a
movie, important game, the game of the year so far.
If you ask me and we beat the caps every time I mean, they do.
Because of that, we got Hurricanes warm up on AM 13,
60, 7, 3 tomorrow night, and Hurricanes and Michigan,
NIT, Gamadae, Declog on AM 13, 60.
The cat catch the cat.
I'm jealous.
Please, bring it right here.
25 a tail.
New capabilities with a, and then head in.
They put the 11 in the Pepsi and they go in the back now.
They put the 11 in the Pepsi, but it's not there any more.
They put the 11 in the Pepsi and they go in the back now.
They put the 11 in the Pepsi.
Every phrase, me when they go in the out, I say,
Mommy.
I don't like it with the lines.
I said, Mommy.
I feel a lot less like it was with Mommy.
Yeah, I haven't felt this sad.
Mommy, since they just couldn't give you chabs.
They put the 11 in the Pepsi and they cook it all over.
They put the live in the Pepsi, but it doesn't taste to say.
I used to drink live in Pepsi with my team,
drink my life, and then I would hop over to play.
Here, it looks like we're going in an awkward line.
Love me.
I'm going in.
Yeah, I think I'm going in.
Maybe doctors, pepper would be better.
Mommy, doctor, pepper, that I'd be a pepper too.
Doctors, busy here too, but busy here too.
Mommy, doctor, I cannot find you.
It would be great.
Sometimes I wish I was great.
It would be better.
I'm going in.
Let me say that again.
Diet Pepsi would lie.
Pretty good.
Yeah, yes, I have it in stores now.
Pretty good stuff.
You can actually buy it in the big leader bottles.
And I try the vanilla too sweet, even the diet.
Oh, vanilla.
Yeah.
Fair.
Yeah.
Anyway, here's a fact from Dean and Volkhoz says for your poll,
which of these comes to mind first when you think of religion?
Brainwash, which has 14 votes, Dan.
Now, he is, he or she happens to be right.
Yes.
Is that he, Bane?
Whoever.
Great thing.
Anyway, it happens to be right in that we left it off originally,
but we just added it on, it's got 14 votes out of 1115.
We had over 1100 votes.
It's not even, it's just, barely 1130.
Aren't you impressed by that?
I sure am.
What's that all about?
There it is.
Because I didn't stick that baby on there
till like about six or seven o'clock last night.
Man.
Here is your boy, John McCain.
I don't mean you.
I mean like the public.
Oh, thank you.
Well, not us.
There have been a number of signs like the Senator John McCain
eyeing 2008 is co-zying up to the Republican establishment.
But this one just may be the surest one yet.
This is from muckraker.com.
Muck.
The Washington Post reported yesterday that McCain had hired Terry
Nelson to be a senior advisor to his political committee,
the Straight Talk America Pack.
Who is Terry Nelson?
George W. Bush's National Political Director in 2004 for one.
It's just the latest example of McCain's strategy of
taking what he can to Bush's money infrastructure as the
Post report.
He's been busily recruiting pioneers,
Rangers and super Rangers from 2004.
The Bush crowd.
But there's one crucial telling detail about Terry Nelson
that the Post leaves out.
And that's his role in the money laundering scheme
for which Tom Delay is being prosecuted down in Texas.
Nelson was at Epid chief of staff of the Republican
National Committee in 2002 when his legs cram occurred.
His role was crucial, although he hasn't been charged yet.
His name is named right there in the indictment.
Delay and his money man, John Colliandro and Jim Ellis
are accused of trying to get around to Texas law
against using corporate money to fund candidates.
To do that, they were to check to the RNC
and had the RNC bounce the money back to the Texas candidates
they wanted to fund.
According to the indictment, the scheme was laid out to Terry Nelson.
They made sure the RNC carried it out.
So what gives?
Senator McCain, Mr. Campaign Finance,
before him, is just hired a man who allegedly played a
key role in breaking campaign financing laws
to advise him on how to spend his tax money.
Anything to win in 2008, question mark,
and the answer of course is,
Absolutely.
Phony, like how we saw you, John,
became Phony Beloney campaign reform my ass.
Amen.
You realize we got only like another hour and 15 minutes
until ballgame time?
No, better talk.
Really?
That you passed.
And take a lot of really good calls if they ever come in.
5670560,
pound 56 and he verized in singular wireless line.
And Marlon's and the Dodgers from where's it Jupiter?
Man, big stuff coming up.
Is it in Jupiter?
Yeah.
Thank you.
So you know, I thought I'd said that I'm,
yeah, it did originally on my original schedule.
And this, this,
Revive schedule is a piece of crap because they took that out.
Who made this?
Where did this come from?
This is a guy's schedule?
Yeah, sure didn't come from clearance because he's not in the building.
He's up in Michigan, man.
He's in an hour.
Smoking big fat ones up there in Ann Arbor with the Wolverines.
Robert gave it to me.
Robert, aha!
Robert gave it to you.
Yeah, sabotage.
Yeah, see what I'm saying?
He even took, he changed his thing around a little bit even for today's
just to try to screw me up a little bit.
Yeah, how would you, Robert?
You're not fooling anybody.
You idiot.
I don't care who you are.
You're fair.
Exactly.
Can I set a better myself?
WQA and Robert Grieperline.
Hello.
QIM.
Grip, Maister.
Not there.
WQA and Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Good.
Yeah, I was driving out of Federal Highway.
I saw a tropical taxi.
They were pulling out.
And you know, find out about Google it.
And it was all they heard before.
There should have been there before it's all.
Because they left it on the Yovian and it was all there before.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
How in 5, 60?
Too bad to say.
Only these people that go away, they always come back.
Look at that, Tenny, you know?
What?
But you see, don't work this time, no more.
Don't work.
WQA and Hello.
QIM.
See that beat the line.
Beat the last one by a mile.
WQA and Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you?
OK.
Hey, I had a Chris Boron flashback when I heard
Geldy calling that winning shot this morning on that.
Oh my God.
You were going to Chris Boron school.
I didn't hear that.
Your panel's heard it when he grew on a breakaway and overtime.
It's all I know.
I didn't hear that.
Maybe we got that, Josh.
Yeah, I had his terrible listen to it if he can.
OK, thanks.
Thanks for the heads down.
Have we got it?
I'll look for it.
Well, I've tell you one thing.
Since they screwed him over.
Josh just ain't the same.
You know what I'm saying?
Though he's the same.
I'm looking through these.
The handker has been.
I didn't exactly put a handkerchief.
The handkerchief?
We have a panthers bin.
Poor like a trough.
I see.
Oh, yeah.
Let's all go to the trough and pick out.
Remember those days, the trough?
Sure.
The salad days.
Yeah.
I remember those days when we had an audience.
We had sponsors.
We had like real salespeople.
Oh, boy.
What a time that was.
What's the issue?
Is that or not this one?
I think I would say for the poll,
Bolschmitz has Mike and Mel Bormalt.
There you go.
How's that?
Let's get Bolschmitz on it.
Without the end.
He's getting on.
Why are you looking for a guilty in that?
Winning goal by Oli Jokin in last night
is 33rd of the season and overtime on a breakaway.
We got it?
We're looking for it.
We'll find it if it's really bad we'll play it.
I think we want to embarrass Gildi like that.
Wait too much Gildi on the stage these days.
All right, I got it.
Richard's breaks some of the panthers' zone now off of the beam.
He loses control.
Ranger has it if the panther lies.
Stole it away.
Here comes Gildi.
Break away to win it and overtime.
Oli and Tronny shoot the scores.
Okay Oli.
Jump it in 33rd.
And the captain is winning.
The panthers who are up by one.
Saw the lead go away,
but they win it.
Six-slide it overtime.
Thank you very much.
Oli Jokin is.
What a game.
That's enough of the throw.
I'm not sure if it was wrong with the elever.
He's ready to Randy get in there.
Hey Randy, by the way, I hope you got Tommy's memo.
He said you were jackass and don't be telling the board
ops to cross spots out.
All we want is the money at this stage.
We don't care about all your fancy Dan, all your BS about
Buffalo and where you'll steal all of our
regenerates lines about where grandma puts the cookies
and the top shelf.
We don't give a crap about that Randy.
Go back to Red Deer and quit bossing people around you idiot.
Here's a guy that fences himself like a real broadcaster.
Remember we're sure right about him.
Iraq was a washing cash.
We played footballs with football with bricks of $100 bills.
Is some goofball?
You ready for this? Talk about the rest.
I would appeal.
At the beginning of the Iraq War, the UN entrusted $23 billion
of Iraqi money to the US-led coalition to redevelop the country.
With the infrastructure of the country,
stealing ruins, where is all that money gone?
Remember that song by Peter Paul and Mary?
Where has all the money gone?
Remember that?
I do.
The Calamacray and Ali Fadil are on one of the greatest financial
scandals of all time. This is in the British Guardian.
It's a long article.
I'll be on our website. Is it on today?
I guess it's beyond tomorrow.
Where have all the flowers gone?
In the country, by the way.
Oh, well, Paul Mary had done it too.
I'm sure this is the original.
We talked about it. No.
I'm sorry.
You said that by the case of the trade.
Would you have the MTA?
Will he ever be chair? Will he ever be chair?
Come on. I've asked you a minute times for the MTA.
No?
I'm looking.
No. No, really.
The field's on the ground.
This is something I think this is an oldman.
Because yesterday, the day we were talking about the brothers four
and you played a little bit of that green field by the brothers four.
Right.
We were talking about green fields, positive like green fields.
I must have been yesterday.
And now we've got where have all the flowers gone by the Kingston,
the Weinstein Trio.
Oh, wow.
They were good.
Back when folk music was beginning, really 60s baby.
What year's that say? 61.
62. 62.
I'm close. I'm right there.
I'm right there.
I've got my thumb right near it.
Wait until I get my thumb on it.
In a dilapidated maternity and pediatric hospital in Diwania,
a hundred miles south of Baghdad,
Sahara and Abbas premature twins just two days old live desperately ill.
The hospital needs the equipment or the drugs that could save their lives.
On the other side of the world and a federal courthouse in Virginia,
two men, one a former CIA,
and a Republican candidate for Congress,
the other a former armor ranger,
are found guilty of partially obtaining three million dollars intended
for the reconstructive Iraq.
These two events have no direct link,
but they're nonetheless products of the same thing.
A financial scandal that in terms of sheer scale,
must wreck is one of the greatest in history.
In history, how do you like that?
Oh my god.
At the start of the Iraq war, around 23 billion dollars worth of Iraqi money was placed in the trust issue
of the U.S.-led coalition by the UN.
The money known as the development fund for Iraq
and consisting of the proceeds of oil sales,
frozen Iraqi bank accounts and seized Iraqi assets,
was to be used in a transparent manner, specified the UN,
for purposes benefiting the peoples of Iraq.
For the past few months,
we've been working on a guardian films investigation into what happened to that money.
What we discovered was that a great deal that has been wasted, stolen, or frittered away.
For the coalition, it's been a catastrophe of its own making.
For the Iraqi people, it's been a tragedy,
but it's also a financial and political scandal that runs right to the heart of the nightmare that's engulfing Iraq today.
Good job, W-Man. You're doing it.
And it's a long article, like I said, will be on our website tomorrow,
from there you have Guardian, no less.
Where you get some real news.
This is New Rogers.
This is 516 Q-A-X.
Oh, baby. Let's turn this mother out.
Up a magical wrapper is on my TV.
No one heard of him before,
but not the glorious ViG.
That guy may be someone to tell him,
making it this way as long.
Picking at your dead best friends,
he came plus and more.
Stoked, ogidogidog, on the vault.
1.45 a.k.a.m.
See, little folk music of our own, what's wrong with that?
That's good folk.
Now, we're all the flowers gone.
That wasn't a Dylan song.
Was it a Pete Seagrard?
I believe.
Oh, I didn't.
No, I just had the...
Well, Google it.
Where have all that?
Peter Paul and Mary, in fact you might want to look that up too,
and see who's done it first.
I'm going to look at them.
Oh, man, it's too heavy for an old fart like me to carry.
What am I looking for?
Peter Paul and Mary.
How about Peter Paul and Mounds?
I'll enjoy it.
I know they did.
They were blown in the wind.
But we know that.
What am I looking for?
Where is the music by Peter Seagrard?
Pete Seagrard, who just said...
What I tell you, I knew it.
I knew something.
They didn't even do what where all the flowers were.
What am I thinking about?
Maybe Dylan recorded that.
I sure hope not.
That would be bad.
Was bad enough he was recording his own songs,
but to record somebody else's, that would have been really bad.
Bob Dylan, rainy day women,
are like a rolling stone, positively forced street,
you know, lady lady lady lady lady.
Oh no.
Well, I'll be damned.
Where have all of them?
Maybe that was the only one.
You only hit Kingston Trio.
I better look it up.
See one great thing about this billboard book.
You could look it up under the name of the song,
the artist, the, just all kinds of good crap.
And kill some fantastic time.
All the way Wikipedia, when you want to find out something about something,
Wikipedia is where you want to go.
Kingston Trio, I guess it was recorded where all the flowers gone.
You'll never guess it in a million years.
I'll give you a clue.
Okay.
What other song do you do?
We love him.
Johnny Rivers.
Oh, okay.
Seven Sun.
Remember the seven Sun?
He just ended up gone.
Johnny Rivers in 65,
but anyway, 62 where all the flowers gone.
Also, where all the cowboys gone by,
Paul are cool.
Where all those, uh,
yay, cowboys probably up there on Brokeass Mountain.
There's a comment there somewhere.
WMQ William, hello.
I'm good to know.
Yes, sir.
Tell me, uh,
come again.
That's okay.
Five, six, seven,
oh, five, six,
the pound, five, six,
and they've arrived in a singular wireless line.
God almighty.
We only got an hour to go until I've all gained stuff.
I better get some pregame music going here.
Right.
For the pregame show.
Now do you like my, uh, Kingston Trio?
I beg your pardon?
I will have no Kingston Trio.
I love the Kingston Trio.
I know you're going to play it on that end.
Now we're not going to play where all the flowers gone.
You don't even know the song, the MTA, do you?
Will the FNV turn and Charlie gets on the MTA and he gets lost?
By whom?
By the Kingston Trio for crying out loud.
Oh, 30 bit out here.
Well, I'll be damned.
I'm going to go out and come back.
There we go.
Hey, and because we want to get the ball as a big sendoff,
today we're playing this all the way from now until the pregame show.
Not.
Wouldn't that be good?
Playing hour of that.
Just put on the endless loop.
Speaking of religion in our pool today, here's a timely story.
Anger over Christian Convert in Kabul who faces death.
Although I think it's a pretty good idea.
What they got going over there.
If you convert to Christianity, we're going to kill you.
That's a good idea.
It's kind of like, uh, you know what, like Peter Marshall used to say on a Hollywood squares,
turn around his fair play.
Yeah.
Pay back, in other words, pay back his big.
Right.
That's how they got it spread in the first place.
That's right.
We're going to make it offer you can't refuse.
Uh-huh.
Convert to Christianity, my ass.
Abdel Rahman, a 41-year-old Afghan, was a Muslim for 25 years before he began working for
an international Christian group, helping his fellow countrymen in Pakistan.
By the way, you see what Masha'ar said about Hamid Karzai the other day?
No.
Then ragheads are starting to like, uh, tear it each other.
He said, Karzai hasn't got any idea what's going on in his own country enough, kind of
of Pakistan.
What he said, Afghanistan.
That's a, I shot Masha'ar.
Uh-huh.
Within a couple of years, Abdel had converted to Christianity.
How do you like that?
Oh, my God.
14 years later, the decision may cost him his life.
After four years in Peshawar, Mr. Rahman spent the next nine years in Germany.
His problems began when he returned to Afghanistan in 2002 and tried to recover his two daughters.
Now, age 13 and 14, who were living with his parents in Kabul.
They were probably living in the rubble in Kabul.
His parents refused to return them.
No matter what the police with the parents complaining that their son had become violent.
Mr. Rahman's father then denounced him as a convert.
You convert?
Mr. Rahman was promptly arrested and found to possess a Bible.
A Christian Bible.
Or is that a Jew, a Jew's line?
There really is no such thing as it well, I guess, the New Testament, right?
But the, uh, all things, uh, the whole thing but together.
Old and together is the Christian Bible.
Right.
He now languishes in Kabul Central Prison and willow convictive in the tank on Islam,
faced the death penalty under Afghanistan's new constitution.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
All right!
Oh my God, this is what Americans and Canadians died for in Afghanistan,
so that they could have a new constitution like this.
Freedom is on the march.
Mr. Rahman's case is shaping up as a trial of strength between Afghanistan's religious conservatives
and reformers.
The constitution says Islam is the religion of Afghanistan.
It also mentions the universal declaration of human rights and Article 18 specifically for
business kind of recourse, one human rights expert said in Kabul last night.
It really highlights the probably judiciary faces.
News of his fight is likely to cause outrage in predominantly Christian countries such as Britain and America,
whose troops are fighting to free Afghanistan from the religious zealotry of the Taliban,
who we were lied to until they were wiped out long time ago.
Remember that?
Bye-bye Taliban, all that stuff.
We, we baked a mousanetra at a cake.
The Bishop of Rochester, the Reverend, the right Reverend Michael Nazir Ali,
who leads the Church of England's dialogue with Islam, told the Times,
I'm amazed that the constitution that has been agreed to in post-Taliban Afghanistan
under the very eyes of the international community should allow this kind of thing to take place.
For a person to be arrested for having been converted 14 years ago
and to be threatened with execution simply for his beliefs.
The British Army in Afghanistan is losing soldiers there through injury and death.
If it is the Army there to uphold this kind of thing, I thought we were there to promote democracy and freedom.
He'd be saying, and the article goes on.
I think it's on our website, is it not? Yes.
It is. Josh don't know.
He's overwhelmed with so many stupid articles. He just can't even keep track of them all.
Is that right? That they're all like Matrix killed by now.
No.
Matrix. Better watch it.
Oh, and I got a really skating review of Crash, too, by the way.
You from MSNBC?
I'm sure it's a queen.
Oh, it makes sense.
Yeah, that makes sense. They're all bitter.
Yeah.
Because Brokeback Mountain didn't get it. You're so insensitive.
What's wrong with you?
We want, you know, we want to think that Brokeback Mountain was good, which is sucks.
Well, I'm sorry.
I can think about that other review.
The one that I read to that guy.
Yeah.
You got this blood-borne thing.
You're the old about that.
It's all true, but he saved her later.
So it's okay.
Nobody said anything was okay.
It's a, you know, life ain't simple. That was the message.
Right.
That was just irony.
Yeah, but they kept saying that.
It was just an ironic thing.
So it's okay.
Crap happens.
Yeah.
Exactly.
In fact, when the frogs in Magnolia, when the first start of raining frogs,
that's the message in there.
And that will be, too.
That's why there's similar crap happens.
And if you recall the opening of Magnolia, which is your end of the end about that, you know,
that was the shot stuff, right?
Right.
And then they say that.
They say crap happens.
They don't say crap, but something like that.
I mean, we work at QM, so we know a lot of crap happens.
Which of these comes to mind first when you think of religion?
Oh, you know something.
I should play that religion lady, you know what?
I don't play those often enough.
Although, George, or me, where were you?
I'm going to say, you're a fake fat, stupid, atheist.
Yeah.
He has no right to talk religion because he is a faggot, and he is not representative of our thinking.
So, you know, it was a good religious lady with just with a potty mouth.
You have to have a wash out with Torox and her mouth, too.
God.
1157.
Which of these comes to mind first when you think of religion?
I think of running real fast in the other direction.
Faith 210 is number one.
That's, uh, makes me want to cry.
Faith.
Faith in what?
In tolerance 203, stupidity 154, crutch 138.
Tax fee, big, business 134.
I'd like to have a business like that.
Superstition 128, even Stevie Wonder is singing about that.
How Stevie doing these days?
33.
Brainwashing 26.
Salvation 23.
Oh, hallelujah.
Murder 17.
Fear of death 9.
And bullshit just went on.
It's already got seven votes.
Bullshit.
Like Howard Beale said, then there's always the God Bullshit.
Remember that?
How much pressure was still awake when they had gotten that scene?
No, they got it out by the, no, you were not.
Get out of here.
The God Bullshit.
Freezing nuns a result of Patriot Act move.
I might just play the whole, um, in the 12 to 1250 hour.
The whole standing in the shadows of Motown.
Tracked.
Freezing nuns?
Yes.
When Chess began bouncing at the holy name monastery of the Benedictine sisters last year,
Sister Jean Abbott knew something was fishy.
Sister Jean, the dancing machine.
How about you, Sister Jean?
Yes, here she is.
Her and Janet.
They're doing it.
Her calls to the bank revealed that the St. Leo Florida account was frozen for five days because one of the account
signatures and 80 year old nuns didn't have an identification card on file.
The bank blamed the USA Patriot Act for the account freeze.
The local bank said it was the Patriot Act's sister rabbit who were trying to identify the bank.
Someone at the main orifice of the bank had done according to the local bank a spot check on the account which they do periodically.
The Patriot Act ranked in the Bank's secrecy act which requires financial institutions including bank's creditors,
even Casinos, to inform the US Treasury Department of Transactions they find to be out of the ordinary.
But even the Patriot Act can't close an account only a bank can do that.
The number of suspicions transactions that financial institutions have informed the government is nearly tripled since the Patriot Act was passed in 2001.
Like if yours deposits more than $100 they immediately put that in.
A suspicions act could be a business that does normally use cash but suddenly starts making large cash deposits or first in a normally
deposit just to paycheck and suddenly makes deposits of tens of thousands of dollars.
Both can be legitimate transactions but they also can be assigned a money laundering or other legal activity like chicken neck.
So both cases will draw a red flag from a bank prompting to file a suspicious activity report which is sent to the Treasury Department to determine where the transaction is fraudulent or to start a paper trail that investigators can use later if necessary.
A paper trail.
It's like that brown trail when you pick up the hero outside on the Arab driveway in the morning, at least a paper trail, leaves a brown paper trail.
Most consumers will never have their account frozen, likely will never ever renew a report that is filed on them according to the Treasury Department and the American Bankers Association.
It's illegal for banks to tell consumers that a star has been filed on them. A suspicions activity report.
The average consumer should be concerned as long as the transactions they're doing are legit so the Anne Marie Kelly spoke someone for the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, or channels that on.
Privacy groups say law is invasive without being effective. The law is causing so many problems with the indemonstrable success to J Bradley Janssen, directly center for financial privacy and human rights, part of the Liberty and Privacy Network in the District.
The banking secrecy act has been on the book since the 70s. It didn't prevent 9-11. It's not designed to print anything.
Oh, by the way, the people in the UAE still want to tell us who the about those financial transactions and those financial papers.
Yeah. Before 9-11. Well, why do you hate America?
I wonder how that line of yours is going to play on the Arab Street, Mr.
This is Neil Ryan.
Every single line of mine. This is 5.16.2.8.
Hello, everybody. And this portion of the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour is brought to you by the lead in 12.
One two three four five six seven eight nine eleven twelve. The license of pizza all for me.
It's a tough tough tough tough tough tough tough.
Good morning.
Blow out my window knock out my door. These are our kids are unbearable.
I know my house won't be there anymore. Doesn't matter, I'll get pulled.
It's not always with us. When these guys it's don't.
There's a move. That's a long. Yeah. My car is full of the roads on my own.
And you know.
I won't try driving by by the way.
I've come here and fall of this hurricane.
The full of the guy in the robber pile.
With his death spread out over the mile. And she's.
Her.
Her.
Will.
Will.
Will.
Will.
Anybody know any pool screening people? Huh?
Pool screening people?
How you do? You know, screen people, screen screeners, screeners.
Oh no.
Now.
Pool screen.
Well you don't got a pool anyway. Do you?
No.
Well what are you laughing about? You don't have to be like a some hot shot to have a pool.
Most houses in Florida got a pool. Even slubbers have a pool. I bet your josh has got a pool.
Most in my neighborhood I do.
And your hood. See there you go. Then that's certainly have to have that by his house.
Yeah. There's one next door. Is that correct?
No, the point I'm thinking about is that here it's like March.
Yeah, we're probably a little bit too much of a hurry both for Q.A.M.
And for the hurricane will the relief?
That's right.
It's going to be by the end of the year that people get their lives back together.
And that's why I was a really bad time for a fundraiser by the way.
We got 19,935 for a band and pay rescue on our.
About 30 man.
We advise campaign that we didn't want any part of and obviously the public feels the same way.
So we got almost 20 grand. In fact probably on the internet right now we've got if we had the yesterday's total or today or whatever.
We probably got 20 grand. Don't you think that's good?
I'm sure we did.
Good.
Enough said. Literally.
Hey, the Toronto star at a tourized yesterday bushes amber signal America is at war.
Those are the grim opening words from US President George Bush's new national security strategy.
The document that will guide American military thinking for the remainder of his term in orifice.
More than four years after the 9-11 terrorist acts as Americans are tiring of the invasions of Afghanistan and Iraq.
United States military policy makers offer no relief.
Quite the opposite.
Bush is struggling to rally skeptical Americans to his velokos view of the world by arguing that Islamic extremists pose a comparable threat to vanished fascist war machines of WW2 and the Soviet Communist Empire.
The 20th century witness the triumph of freedom over the threats of fascism and communism says the security text unveiled last week.
Yet a new to-tallitarian ideology now threatens an ideology granted not in secular philosophy but in the perversion of a proud religion.
While few will argue that al-Qaeda and its ill-do pose a lethal threat that must be suppressed this hyperbole undercut Bush's case.
Some 50 million people died in WW2 and a Cold War nuclear conflict have annihilated many more in a few hours.
By those standards al-Qaeda is a criminal nuisance nothing more.
This restatement of American policy with a new focus on Iran as the most urgent threat in view should serve as a caution to Prime Minister Stephen Harper's New Government to adopt the cautious approach to US attitudes to perceive the Islamic threats in Bush's life years in orifice.
Americans have regained a wonder which is one of the main reasons why Bush's popular support is that a record low.
Few deny that Tehran is a worry with its nuclear ambitions hostility toward Israel and support for terror but Bush appears to be overstating the threat as he did toward Iraq to justify his invasion.
United Nations diplomacy not American force offers the best hope of changing Iran's obnoxious policies.
Obnoxious.
The security statement does have a positive side. It affirms that the US bolster its own security by promoting democracy and economic growth abroad that a Maseekov partner to cope with challenges like pandemics and tear and that easing global poverty is a must.
The Washington continues unwisely to insist on its right to launch preventive wars even if uncertainty remains about the significance of the threat.
That argument serves as a pretext for regime change in Iraq.
At Washington threatens to attack non-nuclear armed foes with nuclear weapons while the men in the North Korea and Iran for six such weapons that is hypocrisy worsted encourages their folly.
All in all the national security strategy version 2006 is an amber light to auto end to the world pay attention to what's going on says the Toronto starry and an aid good.
Government.
Yes say there he is.
He's unlike 24-7 now the Bush channel.
You've been like him.
How about you, Martin?
You've been like him.
We have theirs.
I don't like him.
Next we want to vomit.
5, 6, 7 let's take a whole bunch of calls this our cake is we got a short hour.
We got that Marlon pregame show came up with the attendle we are.
Marlon's in the drive is in jimperies.
How does this world?
By the way, the firing lines want to know what that piece of music is.
What it is?
What is it?
It's track 15.
From what?
Standing in the shadows of Motown.
The flick by Earl Van Die.
Can we say die?
Joyce?
Joyce?
Joyce?
Joyce?
I don't care who you are.
You care.
That's what that is.
And it goes on for like four minutes plus.
So it's really good like lead in the pregame show.
You know what I'm saying?
You know what I'm saying?
It's just part of it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6,
6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6
6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 5, 6, 5, 5, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 10, 8, 8, 8, 8, out,
12, 8, eight, 0, 11, 16, 15, 15, 18, 19, 19, 15, 15, 15, 15, 10 123, 15, 18, 19,
18, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, and
19, 19, 19.
19, 19, 19.
19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19 please.
driveway right now. Go take a peek to get it. 5.6.7.0.5.60.
Forget about the van. We're all done with that. Yeah, we want to right next door to my
house. We want to right over here. Remember all those times. Oh, yeah. If it wasn't like
right next door to wherever these people live, well, we can't go, but it will find and
go online. I mean, you know, it's only been very recently in doing these things that
we actually had the luxury of doing it online. Am I right? Right. Isn't that many years
we were able to do that? Now you can actually go online or do your stuff if you really
want to. If you don't really want to get lost, WQYM. Hello. Oh, y'all can have
got to bring away. He shoot his scores. I think there was anything wrong with
Geltie's call. I thought it was just fine. See, the problem is with technically the
engineer who engineers those games? Josh, you want to know Robert Grieper. Haha. Haha.
If I told you once, I told you three times. That's the problem. You need to crank up the
crowd noise, man. And otherwise sounds like Gelties in a broom closet. Get out of that
closet for crying out loud. Would you please you and Tom and John. Little Tommy John.
God almighty. That's the problem is the engineering is faulty. Crank the crowd noise. Of course,
I realize there's much of a crowd. They probably are cranking it up. They got to open wide.
Those 10 people open wide. He had going to a Panther game like going to a dentist until
recently. WQYM. Hello. Good afternoon. How are you? Yes, man. I'm great.
Just one of the six congratulations on 30. Oh, that's old news.
That's I'm sorry. Don't be sorry. I am. Why? Moving along. Moving along. What three
the CDs of yours? Thank you so much. You're good. I think all your show is great.
It is. Okay. Thanks. We don't have a great day. You too. I don't like you too, but I like her.
She's fine. Yeah. It's a little it's the 21st of March. It's a little late for the 30th
anniversary stuff like that was 20 days ago. 20 days ago. And I'm going to tell you the fall
out the feedback. The what's going on in that place now. You know, two bad little Joe Bell
didn't come into the court gesture this morning and asked. Remember he did that last week one day?
Yeah. Hey, what's going on? Everything okay? Oh, you know,
should have come in there this morning and asked about that.
Does he have a fiddle? Remember Nero was fiddly while Rome was burning? Does he have a fiddle?
Have you seen him? Look at the Jews harp. A Jews harp? No, he ain't no Jew. I'll guarantee you that.
Joe Bell. That's the problem now with the new regime. We got too many glam.
Somebody Q.A.M. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, hey, Neil. I was in the website. I was trying to get one of those shirts,
but I can't find four extra dollars anyway. You can hug me.
This order is for a mission. Yeah. Give us so on machine. Get a good machine, man.
W.A.M. Hello. Neil. How are you? Great. Can you give me a favor and put yesterday's
full backup on voting creation? We actually could do that, couldn't we? I like the fact that
Eris got all come. We get all kinds of neat stuff. Yes. We can do it. He could do it. We got all kinds of
options on there. That's right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Tom 5, 60, and they've arrived in singular. Probably
most of the people are still in church because it's lent. They're waiting for Easter, man.
They're waiting for Christ to write either the Easter, rise or Christ to rise again. I think the
Easter is going to rise sooner, don't you? That already has. Mm. Can't stand that yeast.
I think that's what makes me really like allergic to a pizza. Don't they put yeast in pizza dough? Sure.
Oh, man. Those bread. High glycemic index, man. It makes your blood sugar go skyrocketing. I like
that. Him feels pasta. Now that one guy called last Friday, come again yesterday. He's the only guy
out there and he already knew about it. He knew that it was in public in Western. He's a WDQIM. Hello.
Pickle, speak, feed. WDQIM. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. When I think of religion, I put on a big smile
and cover my balls with both my hands. Okay. Good luck, you pal. chronic WDQIM. Hello.
Tommy, get the rest of the Sunday. Sunday, all alone.
That was probably more accurate than the guilty call. Yeah. Yeah, at least can't score an empty net. That's their problem.
Family for trying not to cry.
Who the hell is that? For the years, you know, there can be a lot of ups and downs. I was kind of a hockey
bunch of crap. What the hell was that?
Watch NHL on your fly. When it comes to Mac.
Get off your feet.
There comes the 1858 including Mr.
The top blue for the blue line.
Great back to it.
Back to the clear.
And look for the back there.
And hit it at the top right hand corner.
Take a close.
Start by number 20, poker.
That time is a goal.
1958.
That's the end.
That's the end.
That's the end.
That's the end.
That's the end.
That's the end.
That's the end.
That's the end.
That's it.
will make new die.
I can never form my name.
When we now start to roll, most of our lives
cash or debt or we were given
through the hearts of two eight women.
A class that we guys
we're doing it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it.
We'll take your money and let's roll to see our
shoes and to tie our hearts up
the old face up
they too, too far, too far, too far, too far, too far.
We hope that you too, too far, too far.
We will make new die.
I'm dying on the hand.
From 18 to 560, getting hockey intensive, all the great hockey
calls all the time, all these people are
auditioning for Gildee's job.
560, 705, 60, town 560 in the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
WNQAM, hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
How's it going? All right.
I meant to call the other day when you guys were talking about
the one who didn't even Fox News, the one that chopped off her hair.
What's her name?
We want to chopped off her hair.
Yeah, I don't know because I don't watch Fox News.
Red and Suston?
No, no, not that lady. That's a monster.
She's kind of cute though, the bomb one.
What about her?
Yeah, she's just, what's that all happened to her?
Okay. 560, 705, 60.
Whatever happened to what's her name, George?
I don't know. She chopped off her hair.
Oh, her, what's her name?
Hershey chopped off her hair.
Yeah, she chopped it.
Tell me to QYM, hello.
QYM? Yeah, I'll go kneel.
Maybe she used the Ron Popeel Vegematic. Yes, sir.
What's up, baby? Hey, I want to talk about something serious, man.
I was watching the show 16 minutes on Sunday and it talked about how Brazil has its energy policy
about back in the 70s, they wanted to be totally free of overseas oil.
So what they did is they established an ethanol program.
And they were saying that in the next five years, Brazil will be totally independent of oil.
Yeah.
Because you imagine if we had that kind of policy here, and the reason why I have that policy.
No, I can't. No, I can't.
When you got a president and vice president and their families, they made all this money in the oil business,
and you really think we're going to have a policy like that?
I know.
But that's just reflective of what this country is all about.
It's about the rich getting rich in the poor thing for it.
It's totally pathetic. Like Ned Baby said, Mr. The world is a business Mr. Beel.
Just keep that in mind. Go watch that movie 100 times. It'll put you into sleep.
So it's Josh. The world is a business Mr. Beel.
That's what it's all about. It's not about what's good for the environment, good for the planet, good for the people.
It's a big business.
And like that thing, they were in the fair night night 11 that's seen where he's talking about.
All it is going to be so much money. We're going to be washing our hands in mind.
Remember that scene? Yeah. But people are going to die.
Yeah. It's going to be bad for people but good for business. Yeah. Bad for people.
Especially the dead ones. Really bad.
And the public says back, but the boot, but like, you know something, I think Eddie is maybe one of our most valuable people.
You want to know why? No, I don't know.
Because he's the epitome of the human race.
That's pretty much what it's all about.
If you go up to your average schmuck out there in the street, but boot, that's pretty much what you're going to get.
Or it like takes some of these calls.
Committee QIM. Hello.
QIM.
Can I speak to Neil, please?
Speaking. Hey, Neil, I two things.
Number one, I'm a long time fan.
The email Tom Jicca and said, did I miss it? Or did you not recognize Neil's 30th anniversary?
Yeah. You know, you're an icon here and meant for many years.
Consistently funny. I said, there's a body that he makes fun of you but everyone else too.
Number two, my wife.
Well, what did he say?
Well, that just yesterday might be in the paper's name.
There's a lot of cool.
But I was going to ask him, my wife's on them.
Can you please play Ray Nagan can?
Ray Nagan can. Well, I don't tell you that. The candy man.
Or the candy man can.
Can you play that on my wife's birthday?
I sure can. All right. Thanks.
And the good luck to you. Ray Nagan can make you six years stomach.
I mean, you talk about a suit that's in desperate need of something somebody knew.
Well, what is that called? Ray?
I don't have it. You do it.
You don't have it?
I'll make sure I got it right here somewhere.
But what the hell is it? I mean, I can find it.
If I go into like the more recent stuff, that's just unbelievable.
Which comedy service?
I don't know. Don't worry about such stuff. Let's not get into that.
Oh, jeez. The candy man can. There's the other Ray Nagan one.
I'll find it for the next break.
I'll find it for the next break.
Okay.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M.
Talk to Neil.
Speaking.
I do believe that retard was referring to the actress Natalie Portman.
Natalie Portman is on Fox News.
Shape the head. That's what the retard is referring to now.
She did a shine-hidoconner.
For a movie.
Oh, for a movie. Well, what does he know? He's a retard in what I heard.
Well, thank you for entertaining me, sir.
Thank you for a rather call. Thank you so much.
How do you like that? There was a sound like one of the Limey guys.
I think it was learned in Lee.
That was Lee-P-Lee.
Let's get the arrows out and see if we can't shoot Lee-P-Lee right through the heart if we could find one.
That was a good guy.
I'm looking for that boy.
This goes back away. You know, goes back to the Hurricane Days.
The post-Hurricane Katrina Days.
There's Geldia too.
I've played that a long time.
Too much Geldia lately.
That's just my opinion.
Of course, if I say that, that means you'll be on every day.
From my two to midnight.
Oh, well, whatever Neil Rogers says. Yeah, right.
Whatever I say, they do the opposite.
Make no mistake about that.
Trust me. Well, we got plenty of time. There's no pressure here.
Because we only got one more break. Because we got no spots.
Because we got that goop off of the Carolina's that came down with a banjo.
And he's in there strumming it right now is what I'm hearing.
There is a lead to one in Rique.
Oh, I like that one a lot.
It's a morning.
Listen to that.
It's the way God wants it to be.
He wants to take a city and cover it to sleep.
Rainade the day.
Rainade the day.
Rainade the day.
Rainade the day.
Rainade making can.
Because he wants to make a new or a lease.
And I will tell you what people are saying.
Like Jessie Jackson.
We are Black people.
He's coming down the dog.
He's coming down the dog.
Surely God is man.
He compares the locals to the will he wants to buy.
Chocolate making can.
Chocolate making can.
Chocolate making can.
Chocolate making can.
Yes, Ray making can.
Rainade the day.
Rainade the day.
Rainade the day.
The more leaves face the world.
This cursed lost to come together.
This time lost to rebuild a new airless.
The one that should be uptown or wherever they are.
This city will be chocolate, a chocolate new order.
He never takes the blame for anything he said.
Chocolate at the end of the day.
Chocolate in the positive end of all things.
Renaming game.
Renaming game.
No I can't.
Renaming game.
30 wants to make new orleans taste good.
You can't have new all this.
No other way.
It's interesting that the way that the thing came with the pre-bleeping there like piss off one.
It's a good thing that the world is.
One of the few things that we actually could play so they already pre-bleaked it.
That was sweet.
Pistols get fired up when I hear someone say that.
You play that.
But I guess they figure rather be safe and joist.
5.6705.50.
We got a very short show today.
Time is a flying.
It is flying.
We heard no.
We opened and called there.
In overtime.
Club 27.
If you don't stop, what a hockey stand.
WDQAM.
Hello.
What's there?
What's this?
WDQAM.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
I know.
I met him.
I just called the guy from before.
I think he was talking about hand culture.
Chopped her hair.
Yes.
Hopefully it's a neck.
Oh yeah.
I had a question.
What's up with the sheeties when you order them offline?
How long do those take to be received?
When you order them offline, what does that mean?
I order them online from your website.
What does that mean?
Order them offline.
Where do you order them offline?
I order them online.
I'll probably website and it's been a week and a half.
Just relax.
Just relax.
Put it away and just tell me.
It's just anybody else.
Well maybe you had.
We never really stopped.
We don't stiff our audience so can't believe me if you see most of them you don't understand
why.
We don't want them.
We don't want them.
But they'll get there.
It's about a week from Sookas.
Either either side of it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5 stars.
I just love that.
That's another reason I love those fundraising things.
I said my thing four days ago and we still don't have it yet.
You know like that.
Another guy that bitching about he don't have the, we don't have the large size for the
T-shirt.
Yeah.
Like I told you guys I wanted the 4x, 5 for them and sewn together.
Okay.
And stick it on your back dome fat ass.
WQAM.
Hello.
Nino.
Yes sir.
Your guy.
Hmm.
WQAM.
Hello.
I'm gonna celebrate the death of Tiny.
Rest of the beast.
I shot out all of you.
My homie Tiny.
You was all me and I was all you baby.
Hello.
Oh.
Wow.
WQAM.
There's a guy with a life.
QAM.
Hello.
I just blocked you in my toe.
I don't think he was talking about the dog either when he came right down to it.
In fact if I said Tiny died I think it would be, you know, probably something else.
20 minutes.
I'm thinking about, you know what I'm saying?
I'm thinking about a lot of Motown.
Yeah.
There's a movie for you folks.
If you don't like that movie you're like you wait a lot.
Now did Joshy that yet or not?
I haven't been given.
Sorry I lied bad.
What is wrong with you?
Oh I smoke a lot.
Jesus.
God Almighty.
I'm right.
Did not I send you my copy of it and then I went out and bought another one?
That's right.
I have an A.
Why can't you loan it to him?
He'll bring you back.
I can't.
I just keep spacing it on.
He hasn't got his bail safe yet.
Fail safe.
I haven't seen that for about two months ago.
Well I haven't seen it.
It's classic.
It is.
Cold War epic.
Cold War.
Pension.
Suspense.
Oh I'm not happy.
No I don't want any of that.
I want something really really good like the constant gardener.
Don't watch the constant gardener by the way.
Unless you really want to waste too much of your life.
It's a piece of direct.
Standing in the shadows of Motown.
That's where it's at.
With my girlfriend Joan Osborne.
She is just and my boyfriend Ben Harper.
Oh.
Yeah.
Josh will fall asleep in the middle of it.
WQAM.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
This is Biggie Callie's brother.
WQAM.
Hello.
I'm gay.
I mean your gay.
WQAM.
Hello.
What are you going to do about it?
You fairy.
QAM.
Neil how are you?
Good.
I got my CDs with how the guy to sit by and hold it.
Yeah put it back in your pants and relax parents.
Cut the crap.
Hey I was watching Friday on that.
That Bill Marshall and that Elena Rose.
Layton that lady.
Hello and gross Layton yeah.
Man I've always heard you talk about her but she is a piece of work.
Don't get any but.
Yeah is that her.
Yeah she's crazy but she's trying to compare the revolutionary ward of this ward.
I don't understand how people can do that.
So we got to get push out of there and I love you and George.
Okay good luck to you sir.
Ilya Nagoros Rosanna Dana.
We all do apologies to a poor what's your name is still dead.
So what's your name?
What's your name?
What's your name?
I got a brain killed a raditor.
You killed a raditor I'm so sorry.
Die it.
I will tell her.
You killed a raditor.
The great killed a raditor see this as an injustice that God makes somebody that looks and sounds well in Spanish so much like her.
Only at least this one serious.
Which of these comes to mind first when you think of religion?
1244 fold we're going to take that other break by the way we could drive it we could drive a Mac truck through the is openings in this log that a.
That's how embarrassing this is.
In fact I think of all the times that we've ever I've ever played these too often.
I don't know why don't think about it.
You call this big market radio.
We used to once upon a time in America.
1244 votes which of these comes to mind first when you think of religion?
Faith 222 222.
You got to have faith.
Right.
In tolerance to 112 stupidity 170 crutch 149 tax free big vinais 142 superstition 135.
Focus focus 72.
Let's have one of them.
Focus focus groups.
I'm a very easy to have them.
Focus focus focus.
A brainwashing 39 travel us to 34 salvation 23 hallelujah.
You're going to be born again you're going to be living up there in heaven if they are sitting right there by the altar with God.
He's going to alter you.
Of course you can't see him and you can't hear him and you can't smell him and you can't speak to him.
Because you ain't got nobody.
420 murder 17 and the fear of death on saying this is meal Roger.
Focus on the story.
This is 516 Q.A.
You know that the Lord even loves neo-rodris.
You're going to be a rock solid.
Holding solid and arguing, all creatures show and smoke.
You fail.
Holding smooth and dark, all of the faith is lost.
Each little sight that hoys us, each little was fast in.
He made the fruitiest end up, he made it all in wings.
Holding sweet and cancerous, all evil, great and soul.
Holding small and dangerous, all of the faith and all, each now see live the horrors, each they see little sweet.
You made the fire, the arching, the matter shows ages.
Holding sweet and cancerous, all of the faith and all, each now see live the horrors, each they see little sweet.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
He said, he said Sunday, his people say Saturday so everyone flourish with their heart in the nick of aaaay sambimajo.
You're not me, I'm turning on the clock.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
N
With your choice, so closely appointed to you
So in, down to the real battle of the show
The story is really never went right and go
We've decided to risk it up
We wish it won't go to hell with you, Dad
I'm dying over here
We've decided to risk it up
Where Mr. Rinsett takes great pride
You failed
There he was just a walkin' on the sea singin'
You, I did it, did it, done, did it, do
He's a man from the land of Galilee singin'
You, I did it, did it, done, did it, do
He's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good
He's good, he's good, he's good, he's good
Changes water into wine
The next thing I knew we had a layman on his feet singin'
You, I did it, did it, done, did it, do
Dad, why not gonna sing it and the drum of all the sticks singin'
You, I did it, did it, done, did it, do
He walked on, walked on, my dog, my dog
Walk down, walked on, my dog, then he cured a lapar sauce
Woah, woah, woah, some say he's the son of Gal
He'll cut
Yes, they do, what there's all the people to get so out
Now he's the reason that we have any sedation
And you, I did it, did it, done, did it, do
And he's the reason that all the Christians praise singin'
You, I did it, did it, done, did it, do
He praise him, praise him, kneel down, kneel down
Praise him, kneel down, kneel down, kneel down
Now, we're a thornin' down, do, I did it, did it, done, did it, do
I did it, did it, done, do
I did it, did it, done, he's the son of Gal
Do, I did it, did it, done, he's the two
I did it, did it, done, he's the two
Do, I did it, did it, boy
He's the two
I think that's the first thing I teach him in the rectum where he is
how to kneel down for a long period of time
Right man is long enough. Anyway, look at this. That was a nice medley there a separate religious medley on this heathen the show and it's already 1246
You know what that means don't you I do yeah
Love goes Marlins baby
Harlins and the Dodgers and Jupiter
Mad dog follows the ball of you and then you are your hurricane crap and then it can't set a clock tonight
Hurricane crap
Oh
Let me see if we should put you to move for Marlin baseball oh
I'm always in the mood
Yeah, me too especially really games
Of course me in the mood for woodbine I already got my jacket on my pants shirt shoes
Question when I leave with mine will I still have all of those things on that's the question
Yeah
Oh
Yes
Oh

The Barless.
What the hell are the Barless?
I don't know.
Oh, they cow.
Steel Rogers is right, but cows start.
Absolutely.
W-I-O-G-E-I-E-Fast Station.
