I know I don't want to talk about talk sorry. Oh, sorry
They're going down the drain
Let me say it again
Are you talking about the Lisa the Panthers both?
Yes, the Panthers next topic all right, well, we're taking a poll today
I turned the show off when Neil or George talk about and then we got a list of topics
hockey 54 votes number one
Guess what's the number two right behind it?
Ma, first racing oh
There we go again
Let's sleep in dogs lie with his 1.1 share. I have a herald headline. Yeah, that says
Foyles upset bid by Florida state North Carolina only problem with was the North Carolina state was for our Florida state rather was favored
But that's okay just a minor mistake well, that'll teach you to be reading that piece of garbage
I just read the headlines it's a lesson day here today and all I can say is bad mistake a you're gonna make a bad mistake
Well, it's all the anti-bush feeling up there, right?
No, you don't understand it's the other way around that that's why you think the liberals would win, but they're gonna get their ass kicked
They hate busher like poison, but they don't confuse them with the facts
Conservatives are gonna win their 10 points ahead and all the polls so if they hate bush so much
Yeah, well don't ask me yeah, there was like a little some kind of a funding scandal with the liberals here in a few million dollars in
Volody these people are just I don't know so you are you an expatriate American? No, I'm not an expatriate just because they lost one game I
Haven't you an expatriate? I have a new thing that I'm saying to people who call with negative stuff. Yeah
Or it's tough. I don't like
It's from an open letter that was written to Michael Moore from this
Baseball white I heard you're reading that yeah
Rip and Michael Moore and ass what that was wrong with that bitch Michael Moore ought to step on that bitch
I don't care who I just like the rip it doesn't matter who it is
She's Chris Brent Benson's white. I think she needs to be taken out
Let's call up Pat Robertson and have her taken out for dinner just taking out bitch
Michael Moore's got more balls and more brains in his left testicle and she's gotten her head. I heard you read that I love the letter
I don't
Somebody ought to kill that bitch. It's the verbage. I like. I don't care who she wrote it to well
That's not the point of the path anybody can just rip for the sake of ripping it to your ripen. It's a good
It was rip in George Bush, and that's another story
She's a I would he went down to a five-man in December. Thank God. Okay. This book needs to get tossed out
I don't want to get you know there is something about you know the television stations in town. Yeah
They're not having full book
Well, they had no sweeps were October, November, December right? They told the rating services. We don't want them
Because they felt that they couldn't get any valid and our
Trans-excuse would be well people have radios in their cars. They got the battery operated radios
Well, you mama, okay, I wonder what kind of return they got with Diaries November. I wonder how many they got
Probably from the whole market
If we bitch it sounds like we're making excuses. No, no, it's not the case. I mean in your case
I mean what's there to say, you know, but nevertheless
At least you didn't have a one one no
Do
You know he sure went out into blazer glory to me
Oh, man
Talk about going out like a clown like Howard Beel said network remember he said to William. Hold my don't want to go out like a clown
I got 30 years in this business
He's a selfish pathetic excuse for an American and he should take his big fat ass over to a rack and get his big head cut off and stuck on a big bowl
That was Michael Moore she was writing about I don't care it applies to a lot of people who we picked up to go
Yeah, well, yeah, well, maybe he'd be big in a rack
Kubee
So did you like the games yesterday they weren't very good games a lot they were not very competitive
But I and now now I got a solution to the whole problem. I don't have to root for the Steelers to win the Super Bowl like a root for Seattle
I wanted to see the Steelers kicked in resass which they did
I mean dead Denver is not nearly as good as you thought they were and I thought they were yeah, you thought they were great
I did not yeah, how you didn't early in the season when they had I never thought that was great told me Denver was sensational and Jake
Plumber was this and you win a big when the chips are really on the line and and Jake Plumberer keep in mind didn't win the game against the
Patriots they handed them the game the Patriots and the officials handed them again
Well, how do you like the referee the referee with that was his name Walt Maroney Marrotti whatever really
Made that bad call last week he got our our rock to his window. Yeah, you see that
Yeah, I said but nobody got hurt. They said it might have just been random by
Random bandal right after reviewing the play for five minutes
He comes up with a totally his explanation and I call still these we just dazzled
I'm surprised they didn't have a ride on the field who would have been a home game. They would have been riding
Or bizarre
Well, sorry, so we got let's see bow today and tomorrow
Yeah, Curtis on Wednesday yelp on Thursday. It's like a mix and match and we got guilty again on Friday. Oh boy
Two to four we got like up in here. Well, they should take their time and make the right decision
Yeah, let's do another nationwide search
Maybe my next poll always great reads biggest blunder. There are so many
God almighty just just
mind-boggling
And the worst part of it is he's still on the payroll
He's still hanging around there coming in his in his jeans every day. I'm just standing on the payroll for 10 years
Oh brother is that is that true? He has a better year than Howard. I've better deal in Howard had
He's on the payroll for 10 years. He's a consultant for 11 years. Oh
My god no wonder are we always talk about the bees. He's up in the tree with that banjo. Give me a break
Are you kidding me?
What did you do to this place?
You gotta be on death row for 10 years
Sad you do sorry. I didn't go I didn't participate. I'm saving up for um
Nide for next weekend. Oh
Keeping money in my pocket. Let me leave you get familiar with my ass
Keeping it my wallet
185 bucks though on the
Lotto three people one seven million
Wouldn't that piss you off if the lot of was I mean wouldn't piss me off the one seven million
But if it's 22 million in a one week there three winning tickets. That's not good
Oh, yeah, I would give it back who wants an easily seven million extra
Throw it back. I catch in a fish that seems to draw it back
Wait for the big one. I'll tell you what's bad when you hit a pick six
And you know they have
Horseracing again. Yeah, and then I'm talking gambling and they have pick sixes
That can pay up the oh
You know in the minions and you hit one and it pays like four thousand dollars. Yeah
Why even bother? Yeah
It's too hard to hit them anyway. Throw it back. Here the ticket up. Yeah, frame it. Just take the ticket home and frame it
In fact once upon a time all the way don't have it anymore
But I did I did bet two dollars to win on bread handover once you've won denied
He paid two ten and it was just like a souvenir thing. You know everybody, but better tickets just have a souvenir
And that's strange. Oh, yeah, no, it's not actually you remember when uh, well when you have a triple crown
Possibility like betten two bucks on people buy two
Exactly, you know, so they can just say you get two ten you see the ticket for posterity and some day it might be worth more than
Two ten can be worth much less. Well, yeah, if you get secretary to sign it. Yeah, there you go
Then it would be worth me right now yep
By the way, who the hell was that who do I see yesterday who looks exactly like Willie Shoemaker some
Actor somebody somewhere. I can't think who it was
Look just like a twin brother or Willie Shoemaker an actor. Yeah, can't think who it was
Or maybe some kind of a joke and by the way, can you tell me what the big you know
I don't want to go into it because first I had to put up with Phil Sims on the first game
And then James Brown. Well, what is his uh, that ain't even the right James Brown
You know, I mean this guy can't even sing well, what is his claim to fame?
He's been doing that show all over time. He's a race car driver
What else that jackass race car driver
I can't remember which one it was they all looked the same. Well, that's what was
That was the guy to race car driver. They showed James James Brown on the sideline in the second game talking this
Oh, I saw yeah, Darryl Walter
Darryl Walter, then he looked just like Willie Shoemaker a little taller, but never learned well next to James Brown
James Brown's a big guy is he really?
Yeah, he's got to fame to fame
Uh, he's been in that work work work's caster for years. Why?
Because he's good
He oh
Okay, okay
So that Danny boy and Shannon Sharpen Jimmy Johnson all another oh brother
You know what my favorite thing is when you're watching the NFL
Especially during the playoffs in the Super Bowl when we got eight million spots is team kicks a a field goal
Our scores are touched down and then kicks off and we come back for the kickoff and okay
So it's gonna be Seattle's ball on the 20th hour line and here comes me a dad
And then we go to another break. I mean, you know
It's just if we did that we wouldn't have any audience, you know, it's just ridiculous
Even the old first team never had that many spots for all the money that
God they're paying in rights. They have to understand that but
Like rubbing your nose and say the guy who we were it takes me is Joe Buck
You know, yeah, yeah like yesterday
Towards the end of the game and Seattle's you know winning and the place is going wild and he said well
This shows you what that home field advantage is worth
And I'm gonna tell you the facts on home field advantage, okay?
In the last five years or six year whatever it is
All right home field teams in the conference finals
Are now six and two are yeah six and twelve, you know home field advantage means nothing when you get to this day's at a football season
Are you in the picking now?
I'll say that he did yesterday and it took him about ten minutes to do it
uh that one time that
A Seattle punnid and a ball when we thought the ball went out of bounds in the four-yard line remember that yeah
They said it was back. They came back. Yeah, we go to commercial break and all of us on the 30s 20 in the series
They run a couple of plays and they all by the way
I should mention by the way that we were in a break and
One official overruled the other one instead it was a touchback and we went to the end zone
And I just that that was so so bush league, you know
Like we can't be bothered to give you any real information. It's just we're too busy doing spots, you know
Screw them screw Fox man screw we're put Murdoch there's somebody pant Robertson needs to work on getting him taken out
Hey for dinner, you know
At Louise in the Bronx
See I can't root for Seattle cuz poor Lownen
Versus Dan Rooney I like Dan Rooney, but I don't I don't work for teams based on the owner
Okay, man Bob crafts a good guy, but I root for the Patriots cuz of the owner
I'm about if you had the how about if you had 25 to one on the Steelers would you root for them then well you bet
I don't bet on football games. Okay, I don't I don't bet any sport where you've got to like cover a spread
I mean that to me that not only has your team got a win
But then they got a win by so that would be like going to the track and your horse has to win the race by at least three
Lanks or you don't catch the ticket. I mean, what kind of nonsense is that?
You know a win is a win you win by a nose you win by 20 likes it makes no difference you can't sit ticket
Any sporting event where you got like baseball hockey football you got to win basketball by a spread screw that
That's any sporting event. I understand. That's why I don't bet those things who know once they're in aggravation
In addition to which I'm enough of a real fan that if I root for a team I get aggravated enough
If I also compounded that by having a big bet on the game. I'd have a core out of a stroke
Too much pressure man quit that gambling
Quit betting on sporting events
Watch the game in peace, you know it relax. No pressure
Case or odds or a by the way u.s. Airman killed there's more dead soldiers in Iraq
But see in now on their website thinks it's so unimportant. I can't even find the stories on these anymore that
That's how we've been in the lives of American service people now that they didn't even put the story on there anymore
It's not even news anymore. There's more dead soldiers and uh, the life goes on the sun is shining
Which it is we broke the all-time record for um the date on Friday was 54 degrees here Friday
Wonder where it's gonna be like a Detroit next week
Next week. Yeah, that's where I'll be not this weekend, but the following week. Don't we have the two-week break now? Yeah
I'll be there just one week. I do Monday. Oh, man. I think that's when the 10 feet of store coming
Oh brother
Well, at least if it's known as a lot to be something white and Detroit
Anyway, you're listening to Neil Rogers on the course of radio five sixty
Listen, I used to live in Detroit, man
You know tell me about Detroit. I live in Southfield. Oh, which uh back in those days in the early 70s
That was far enough north to get away from the inner city quote unquote
Actually, Detroit used to be a heck of a place till they burned it down till till 67, man. Detroit was great
Well, we'll be downtown. Oh
Well, like I said the Renaissance Center take along several bodyguards. I am taking the beast good there you go
Well, he can guard you up to about your knee
Have a great day. It's one that won't get carried away now. Let's space it out over the week. Yeah, I'm done gambling to the world
You're thanks dumb gambling. Okay. No more betting on stupid ass ball games. Oh, no, no, that's my business
That's your business. It is
I thought broadcasting was your business. Yeah, that's what I do on Sunday mornings on ESPN
Yeah, I know that I get paid handsomely for this just be real happy that broadcasting is this season you've had broadcasting your business
See you tomorrow. See you
I want to take the city and cover it sweet
Renate
Renate
Renate
Renate
Renate
Renate
Renate
Renate
Renate
Renate
Renate
Renate
Sure, the God is man
He compares the locals to the wheel he wants to talk
Shockingly man
Yes, Renate
Ren
Raining can since he wants to make a new or even space for his
It's time for us to come together
It's time for us to rebuild a Neuralis the one that should be
Uptown, all way over the hill.
This city will be chocolate, a chocolate in the wall.
He never takes the blame for anything he said.
Chocolate at the end of the day.
That chocolate in some coffee and a little off one.
Oh there's René and Ben.
René and Ben.
No I can't.
René made him fancy once to make new Orleans cakes.
You can't have New Orleans no other way.
It wasn't me in the wall.
Oh yeah what a place.
It's 1015 and 560 WQM.
So we find out that WSU is a radio caracol.
That's what George is promised today.
He's got a cool.
But it's a Colombian thing I guess.
That's what we go with saying.
Remember when the ratings came out and I said WSU way they never had nothing.
So I guess South Florida must be like imitated with Colombians.
Are they sure aren't listening to us?
God forbid.
Even though we do like our drugs.
1015 already at QAM we got the bow today 2-4.
I say that with some sorrow.
Mad dog 4-7.
Curtis 7-10 and he came 10 o'clock tonight.
No ball games.
No one nothing just a pristine schedule.
Except that hole there.
That hole from 2-4 with bow.
He resovved yourself to getting a better night's sleep every night in 2006
by calling 1-800 mattress right now.
Nothing's got a bigger impact than the way you feel every day.
Your daily health and productivity than a good night's sleep.
And you can get one as soon as tonight from the dial amatris by calling 1-800 mattress right now.
If your mattress is more than 10 years older it's noticeably sagging or lumpy.
It's time for a brand new one.
Choose from the complete line of seely and serve as Simmons King Coral.
Temporar Pete, experience and foster hew it.
Dial amatris takes same day orders all day long from kettle to steward from Palm Beach to Ford Myers.
And the delivery thing is a deal from heaven.
You still get to pick the time they show up.
You'll pick the date and to our delivery you want your mattress delivered and they show up on time.
99.7% of the time.
I've been using these folks for years and I guarantee you'll be a satisfied customer too.
So start the new year off right with a new mattress from dial amatris.
Don't put off getting a better night's sleep a minute longer.
Pick up that phone right now and give them a call tool free at 1-800 mattress
or you can do your shopping right on their website at mattress.com.
Dial amatris 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S-L-E-R-O-F-L-S-S
because it stands for Stu Pendes Saving.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62-A-S-S
Grab my junior honey.
I can't believe my joke's gone.
I know come here.
Girlfriend, your breath is rink.
I'm sorry.
No, no, it's okay. Luckily, I brought along the first ever breath freshener for people grieving the loss of a loved one.
Really? Yeah. They're called the Revements.
Berevements? Yeah. This powerful breath and air freshener eliminates bad breath and the stench of death at the same time.
Here. Try once.
Mmm. Refrashin.
Berevements. The breath freshener for people mourning the loss of a loved one.
Thanks. Berevements.
Located at your Grocer's counter or funeral parlor next to the lip embolm.
20 past 10 and 5.60 W.D.Q.A.
I'm happy Monday, January 23rd.
You have a hopper there to try to suck me to talking about hockey.
Not a good idea. Guess what?
Right after you told them about people don't want to hear it.
Right. And you still want to do what you're going to do.
Because he says, well, Neil's the only one who's anything about it.
Well, nobody cares about it.
That's the reason I'm the only one who knows about it.
Nobody cares. They don't want to hear about it.
They want to smell it. They want to know from it.
Forget about it.
Yeah, but the Panthers are, yeah, okay.
I wanted to do a reverse because I don't know how we're going to do this thing with a pull on the movies.
And to be honest with you, I think it just was a time killer on a movie pool because I don't see an awful lot of difference from the first time we did it.
Maybe we didn't do it that long ago.
Now, tell you why it couldn't have been that long ago because Fahrenheit 9.11 is on it.
Right.
And that was 2000 in full.
So maybe we actually did this pull earlier this year.
See, when I go through the history thing on a website there, I have no idea of knowing the date on the, um,
that we took any of these pulls.
Well, let's make it up.
I can, you know, but I can just tell by the chronological order and I didn't do that because George, let's play in George forward.
He's out sick today.
It's George's thought we did this stupid thing because he, because he faxed me the list just to make a point that ignored your only head three votes.
And I said, oh, that's a great idea. Let's do that pull again.
It's his fault.
That's why God is punishing him. That's why he's sick today.
And he's probably forcing him to listen to a, uh, El Catacool all day long, WSUA.
Radio Suave. That's why when the book came out and I'm thinking, man, it's like Spanish lolabies.
They never had like just fractions, but they changed the format now.
Man, it got like subversive of a Colombian talk on here is some kind of crap.
You would think that somebody in our audience would have told us about radio Suave, huh?
But I guess maybe they're listening to a radio Suave, no speaking English because even their website is all in Spanish.
And the worst part of it is I looked at their website and I could understand all of it.
That really scared the hell out of me.
I think I was in South Florida too long.
Anyway, so I'll do the pull result in reverse and I'm sure not going to go down the whole list of this 8,000 movies on here.
Oh, why not?
Take us to about 130. I guarantee you that. Take us up till vote time.
In fact, if you think it's exciting that we got both from two to four today, we got both tomorrow and the big feature on air is Jacques Martinez-Ria Clark.
Kim Bo-Kamper talking hockey with Froggy. Holy cow.
I want to hear Kim but say, pluck your magic twang or froggy. Just one time.
I would drive off the road in my chair anyway.
Okay, so here's today's pull.
I turn this show off when Neil or George talk about.
I never turned it off out of 564 votes. 296. God, do we love those people?
No matter what we do, they're like, maybe they got one of those crystal radios that only gets wrong one frequency.
I bet you never saw one of those, did you?
I never saw one of those.
Actually, those go way back to the early days of radio but they also go back in the 50s.
There was a thing called the white mic. It was an advertising campaign. A bunch of scams.
They would go out. They'd come in and for your station they would go out and sell a bunch of clients.
They had a big white microphone that they would put in the advertisers' place of business.
It had a crystal thing inside of it.
In other words, it was tuned into your frequency. It was not like a regular radio. They could tune out of another frequency.
It was a QAM white mic would be like 560 and it would be stuck there.
They'd have it on the whole day and it got it, the white mic.
I got it.
Anyway, I turned it off when we, Neal or George talk about horse racing as past hockey, 66 and hockey, 63.
Those two, horse racing and hockey, forget about it.
No interest. Not minimal interest. None. Zero. Zipity. Do. Da.
Religion 28. Fad stuff, 23. Like gay.
Oh, God. I wish George had quit doing that too.
Politics 23. Music 20. Movies 20. Radio stuff 14. Sex 6.
Food and restaurants 5.
Other than the top two, the rest are like, I don't know, Pumseekum sa.
There's nothing with more than 28.
The horse racing and hockey. The next time the hover tries to give me one of those,
and then he started with that thing, oh, you know what else we don't need to add on their gambling?
Okay, because that's the horse racing gambling and I do talk a lot about that and about woodbind and about the slot,
sit about casino gambling.
So here's the poll we took on Friday. Anybody ready for this? No.
It's only a list of 45,000 movies. WQAM first column of week. Hello. Not there. Good. Good start.
Better than most of the alternatives. So they try six or not. Oh, yeah. Why not? WQAM. Hello.
First column of the week. Tone setter. I don't know. Okay, Pali. What do you got?
Have you seen the new scandal in the city of Miami? What's that?
About the mayor and the burial site was the seminal engines.
What about those new towers? They fired the archaeologists that found the burial site and the scooped it under the desk,
and they made minutes out of it and they just got caught.
They scooped it under the desk. Well, you can almost smell it. Can't you? Nobody cares.
Okay, see there. Like I said, these calls are really great. Aren't they? Call up the radio. Cut a call.
Call up WSU. I'm sure that they'll be whipped up into a frenzy about that.
But I mean, but I'll put about nobody speaking it.
It's a miracle that any of the stations in English get any numbers in South Florida. I've had that. It's just amazing.
The best movie of all time. I think I'll save it to life to the break. You know, because once I get started,
I got about 7,000 titles to read. In fact, I think it's that what I'll just do is go to my movie book
and I'll just start at A and go to the Z. That's about right. WQA M. Hello.
That'll teach George to be out sick again Q.A.M.
I'll turn off the new Roger show to let them to be out. Yeah, okay. Great. WQA M. Hello.
Yeah, Reverend Jones is a Jewel.
Oh, huh, too. See, they got the 18 lines here. They got their own on the phone setup.
They got their own hook up there. Reverend and his boyfriend, Reverend Junior. WQA M. Hello.
Good morning. Yes, sir. Is this George? No, George is out sick today.
If you want to speak to George, we can give you his home number. No, it's just not if you've got a stock in your mouth or something.
No, I don't. I wanted to speak to you regarding the harness. Are you going to be out there anytime this winter?
Why is that? Well, because I like to go by. I like to acknowledge you when you're there.
No, I don't want you to acknowledge me when I'm going to be left alone.
Don't want to see you. Don't want to know from you. I don't want to smeg you.
I don't want to be bothered if I go to a pompadon harness when I'm there, which I was there. Not that long ago. I was there in December.
Oh, you were there at the track. We could have gone by and seen you. Exactly. That's why I didn't tell you.
And that's why I'm not telling you the next time.
That a great evening with my friend Dick Feinberg in the Derek and we talked and yucked it up and reminisced and had a few laughs in the fat rich memorial dinner and whatever.
No, we want to come by and bug you while you're there. That's exactly one of the reasons I'm glad I'm not there.
I'm not in South Florida. And that's one of the great parts about life. The sun is shining. We're breaking all kinds of records for temperatures this time of the year. There is no smell on the ground.
And oh, good luck to you folks in South Florida because you'll need it. How's that? How do you know how cool doing, man? Anybody speaking in Glacier? What?
Drive concepts is the best in carpet cleaning in the universe. They've been cleaning my carpets for over 20 years. I wouldn't dream of calling anybody else. And during this month, during January, dry concepts encourages everybody to take advantage of their outstanding maintenance contract.
Drive concepts maintenance contract offers you savings and real peace of mind. Enjoy the benefits of their plant carpet, dry cleaning service. Not only will you say 50% off their regular prices, but you'll also enjoy the added benefit of knowing that dry concepts will be there every time you meet them.
Drive concepts is dedicated to the clean carpet approach rather than the common clean duty carpet approach. Don't get fooled and ripped off by those 1995 specials that leave your carpets soaked for days without treating the real problems.
You made a huge investment. You're carpeting your repulsory or drapery. Select dry concepts. Protect your investment for a long time.
Drive concepts professional staff is fully certified their service and standard absolutely unmaxed. So take the worry out of having your home sanitized all year long when you have dry concepts maintenance program.
Indeed, brown in the Palm Beach is called today tool free at 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 or on the web at striconseps.com.
Drive concepts you really can clean today and entertain that when you use these folks 1-800-248-5071.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62-8-10.
Oh God, Neil. She's beautiful. Oh, he's on fire right now. She's talking about the limited ship. Really though, we're just like any other couple.
This is a great place to go.
This is a great place to go.
This is a great place to go.
This is a great place to go.
This is a great place to go.
This is a great place to go.
This is a great place to go.
This is a great place to go.
This is a great place to go.
This is a great place to go.
This is a great place to go.
This is a great place to go.
This is a great place to go.
This is a great place to go.
This is a great place to go.
This is a great place to go.
This is a great place to go.
This is a great place to go.
This is a great place to go.
This is a great place to go.
This is a great place to go.
This is a great place to go.
This is a great place to go.
This is a great place to go.
This is a great place to go.
��
Like I said, yeah, who'd want to see Michael Moore naked?
Good point.
Animal house 45, Scarface 44, Blazing Saddles 44.
In fact, that might be the secret weapon against Osama.
Set him some naked pictures of Michael Moore.
Chas 43, Maddie Python and Holy Grail 38, Good Palace 34, Apocalypse Nile 32.
I'm only going to read the double digits.
Okay, because there's 7,000 on here.
And I did not watch City of God this weekend.
Sorry.
Come on.
Now, let football to watch.
So what?
Oh, and you know what?
I did see the whole movie, Sleepers, which you didn't see it.
So I can't discuss it intelligently with you.
Oh, wait a minute.
Yes, I did.
With Kevin.
Maybe Sleepers?
Where the kids get molested.
Yeah, with Kevin Bacon and his new hero and Dustin Hoffman and Brad Pitt.
That's a great movie.
Yeah, it is.
I'm glad you liked it.
So that's what I watched instead of City of God.
If that wouldn't have been on again on my cable, I would have taken that CD and whipped
that baby DVD and whipped it right in there, watched City of God.
But I think it would agree with me that Sleepers needs to be seen roughly in the very beginning
or it doesn't make any sense.
Right.
It's a great movie.
Yeah, well, it was great.
So that should have been on our list here of the 45,000 greatest movies of all time.
Unfortunately, it wasn't.
It was an oversight.
We also didn't have any of the Batman movies on here or the Superman or you can't have
them all, you know.
Let's see.
Money, Python, Goodfellas, 34, Parklubs, now 32, Pulp, Fiction, 32, Clockwork, Orange,
31, Citizen, Cain, 31, Highly Overrated movie.
Shawshank Redemption 20, it's a wonderful live 20.
It's not only overrated but overplayed and just enough to make you puke your guts out
enough to make you start, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this,
this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this,
this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this,
this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this,
this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this,
this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this,
this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this,
this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this,
this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this,
this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this,
this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this,
this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this,
this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this,
this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this,
this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this,
this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this,
this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this,
this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this,
this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this,
this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this
this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this
this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this
this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this
this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this
this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this
this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this
early in this comes the buzz news subscribe sugar maybe today, but do you realize what it says is your life is unacceptable but what it says is your life is unacceptable but what it says and you realize what it says is yes represents what everybody else put in because we realized things like that we should what can say for those of you who want your life?
your life? your life? your life?
your life? your life, your life? your life? your family member that regards you, what식 of us is thinks that everyone else was donzs
did indeed exist and that he was born of a couple named Mary and Joseph in Bethlehem
and lived in Nazareth.
Fascula, a lifelong atheist, claims that Rigi violated two Italian laws by making the
assertion, so-called abusive popular belief in which someone fraudulent receives people,
and impersonation which somebody gains by attributing your false name to someone.
Fascula says that for 2,000 years the Roman Catholic Church has been deceiving people by
furthering the fable that Christ existed and says that the Church has been gaining financially
by impersonating his Christ, someone by the name of John of Gamala, the son of Judas
from Gamala.
He also was in this story exactly the same one we had on before, I think so, but this
is CNN just discovered it.
He also asserts that the gospels, the most frequently cited testimony of Jesus' existence,
are inconsistent, full of errors and biased, and that other written evidence from the time
is scant and doesn't hold up to scholarly analization.
Prosecutors who in Italy are obliged to investigate such complaints initially tried to have the
case dismissed, saying that no crime could be verified, but Casculli challenged them
and Judge Guy Tano Mautoni, said he heard for next Friday in a terrible north of Rome
to discuss preliminary motions in Casculli's bid to have the court appoint technical experts
to review the historical bid and determine if Jesus really did exist.
Now what if they go through it all this day and discover, oh, you know what, somebody
just made this up, there was no such guy, what then?
What do we do now?
That would be great, I think they should publish it all over the world, that people are bad
for business.
Very bad for business.
I want to call the day about radio Alcatacol, because if we can't find out from our programming
people about the other stations in the market, what else going on in South Florida radio,
how the hell are we going to know what's going on around us?
They give us all these numbers on a sheet of paper, and I see that radio of Svave going
through the roof, and I think what else is all about?
Must have been just all Julio's got diaries, which of course is true, but nevertheless,
radio of Svave, they're kicking ass, they're kicking some big fat Colombian ass.
567, 50560, pound 560, and they've arrived in Singular Wattas Line.
How many QANs?
Hello?
QAN.
Daniel, good morning.
How are you doing?
Yes, sir.
Okay.
I just wanted to submit a movie for your poll.
The movie, what poll?
The best movie of all time.
Yeah, that's the last Friday's poll, that's over with.
I'm sorry, I didn't invite.
Yeah.
Well, I would have voted in the 1962 color version of Mutiny on the Bounty with Marlon
Brando and Trevor Howard anyway.
That would have been a good choice, but guess what?
Too late.
So anyway, that put you to the couple weeks ago about the world's silliest religious crap.
Are these people in Root or Watt?
It's not Florida, man.
They're a little bit behind.
They're a little bit behind the times.
They're in a stone age, man.
They're in a dark age, and of course don't blame them.
Look where they live.
Look where they are.
Look at their surroundings.
Look at the environment.
Look at the drivers.
Look at the average age, 145.
Wait till I tell you about my driver's license, by the way.
Dominic QYM, hello.
QYM, heavy breathing line.
Hello.
You can move.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Good.
Speak with me.
Speaking.
There.
Yeah.
Hi there.
Hi there.
Good morning.
How are you?
Good.
How are you?
I'móI can wait any 30 seconds.
How are you?
My running is up here.
That's either ground, gun.
pot, bat, bar.
Move.
Broiscal Things from New York Close To Лир?
I'm telling you, you've been carrying a lot of things in New York.
What are you doing?
I just asked Mike to tell us about my run away.
We've been carrying a lot of things in New York.
You've been carrying it in old equipment.
So you've been carrying it in the Houston Police Station at the
What do you think?
You're a man it says ë Dakotaí.
I also think you're a man.
paid for American media, you know.
Yeah.
But I'm forced to say about a higher bidder.
We'll never find out the truth about much of anything.
Well, I close the show as I can then go out and have a nice day, get some sun, get a little
fight of an Indian, your body, and enjoy life because it's really short, you know.
Don't worry about these things.
I mean, I do have my usual stack of articles that nobody cares about and I'll get into them
because we don't have Miguel there to give me a song of dance.
I thought I was terrified that with Georgia out today, he was going to be sitting in their
lecture in me about not doing these bedtime stories.
Oh, he's busy.
He's got things to do.
Good.
Good.
Keep him where he belongs.
Maybe he's researching a radio-cada-colle.
Huh?
Sure he's listening right now in his office.
Well, good for him and his orifice, instead of us.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Good.
Radio-cada-colle.
Yes, Neil.
Hola.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, Cada-colle, what they do is they have a guy, they have different shows and they have a guy in
the world with us and he talks to people all over the world.
Yeah.
You know, you call him from Miami and you talk to him.
They also have the news from all over the world.
You know, they have different radio stations and different cities, things like that and
community programming, you know, lawyers and stuff like that.
Oh, my God, sounds as boring as Don Poop.
Well, they also have soccer programs and that's where most of the people, most of the guys,
you know, want to hear about soccer from their country so they have all the schools and all that.
So, that's how it goes.
It's a station for foreigners.
Yes, it is.
That's what it is.
For illegal aliens?
Well, not necessarily, but for possibly.
Not necessarily, but possibly.
But, possibly.
There's a bit of a more.
There you go.
Okay, thanks for your honest opinion.
He said, Radio-cada-colle really sucks.
And nobody just said, he said it's for a bunch of illegal aliens who just came under banana boat.
That's why a lot of people are listening and he said, no, yeah.
Well, that's how Florida for you, baby.
No spigot English.
I keep, oh no, no chance.
Radio-cada-colle, my ass.
That is just unbelievable.
Well, it goes to show you.
Put anything on in the foreign language, especially esponial and so I Florida guaranteed you a list of two sure right off the bat.
WQ, why am hello?
Hello, can I stick near?
Radio esponial.
Hello.
You know, yes.
Hey, what's up, Neil?
How you doing?
Hey, I want to recommend your movie.
Okay, good.
Do it some other time.
We're not talking movies anymore today, okay?
You people are stuck in a stone hinge in the dark ages.
Enough of this thing.
In fact, look at the poll were telling it when you talk movies, 22 people turn out immediately if not sooner.
Enough of the movies already, okay?
Anyway, sleepers, you really ought to see it.
Yes.
Radio did see that and it is an excellent movie and the acting is outstanding in the end.
And they see the author of the book.
It's based on a book.
The author claimed it was a true story.
Really?
And you'll notice at the end of the movie that they flash on the screen the things about the state of New York denies that any such activities ever took place in any juvenile detention center and the body of the book, but about that the author maintains that the names have been changed to protect the innocent and the guilty but nevertheless that's a true story.
And I believe it.
I'll take it to work for it over.
And I'll tell you one thing that the Catholic Church ought to be happy about.
This is at least we have finally a good priest.
Although he lied, he lied for a good reason.
No, the Neuro.
Right.
He was very good man and the Dustin Hoffman was like he was like one step away from rainman.
Didn't you think?
I thought that movie was everybody was good in it.
It was great.
I turn the show off when Neil or George talk about 660 votes.
We got a chance in a thousand eight people without George being here.
Oh, he'll be upset to be to miss this, you know.
Do you think he'll be upset?
Nope.
Let's see, I never turn the show off.
353.3% loyal.
They're glued in man.
They got those magic white mics with a glue into that with a crystal set to 560.
We love you people.
Thank God.
And boy, we need that loyal audience man.
Now that we're up against the radio.
Forget about that.
Waxie crap.
We're up against the radio.
Cut a cool now.
Against the Colombians against the midi and cartel cartel.
Now what it is?
Yeah, we're up against all that drug dealers man.
How do I beat them?
I guess if you can't beat them, join them.
That's probably where George is today.
Okay, yes.
He's sick.
He's sick, my ass.
He's out there probably making drug deals with a midi and cartel.
He's probably making and jump over to radio.
Cut a cool.
When you think they'll be right off his alley.
He's using that Rodriguez name.
I turn it off when Neil or George talk about a horse racing 76.
I was George would stop doing that.
76.
Hockey 74.
What is he ever going to stop?
The Panthers.
The Panthers.
Oh, that oily yoke in man.
He's really a Yamama.
And what is it really the only two?
They just cannot heal politics only 28, religion 28, music 25.
Of course, my taste in music is so bad.
Movies 23 and my taste in movies is even worse than my taste in music.
Fag stuff.
That's where I got the good taste 23.
I know that.
I know that.
I know that.
I know that.
I know that.
I know that.
I know that.
I know that.
I know that.
I know that.
I know that.
I know that.
I know that.
I know that.
I know that.
I know that.
What is it?
H.
R.
The one that's think so bad.
The new.
I don't know the call.
The food in restaurants only eight.
Six seven in gambling.
Selemente dos.
Only two.
We have a cure and a cure.
But how do you like when Hank said that's my business gambling? Can you believe that? It's true
No, it is not true his business is going on here and giving us and making up stuff
That doesn't mean that's his business
But you know there are multiple multiple faxes at day that show up for him that just show every game that's going to be played that day
Yeah, he probably bets them all
God no wonder he sounds under such pressure
This is the Neil Roger's self
This is your blame
Any questions
Do you know anything about chocolate from the controversy or mayor of New Orleans comes a brand new chocolate
Trinity this will be chocolate
Racist peanut buttercops. How do you make chocolate? It's a delicious one. I'm going dark chocolate
You take dark chocolate
A super dome of peanut butter and because it's Ray Megan's racist peanut buttercops
All the peanut butter has been moved off and replaced with chocolate
That's the chocolate I'm talking about
John's the way God intended
It's the way God wants it to be
I'm sure to try the delicious new chocolate drink
Megan's quick
He makes it a right now and it becomes a delicious drink and for chocolate
I'm loving one chocolate try racist pieces
It's 11. I wanted five can't stand away. He says chocolate. You notice that and the other way
Well, that's there's another chocolate is the way most like normal people say he says chocolate. Oh geez
He just makes me he's just an idiot is what he is mayor a noggin head
Answering a prayer speaking of Columbia and by the way anybody caught listening to a radio
Catercola will be deported to Columbia immediately if not sooner
That's what I'm hearing that's where I just started
Chad Dunham worked two years with the US Embassy in Bogota, Columbia yet he attended worship each weekend sound Florida
The link a streaming video or online broadcast of four Lauderdale's Christ church United Methodist on his computer
He and Gloria Nancy his call. What kind of a name is that?
His Colombian born wife often gathered to watch along with as many as ten family members the tiny home
Comberation is a powerful example of how church groups are using technology to bring people together even across time and continents
Church was the pillar of my Sunday family life
I was growing up said number 31 an army reserve captain and military intelligence
We turned on the cook on a creek this month the web streaming gave me something I couldn't get else
We're a little slice of the US and sometimes it was the only spiritual fulfillment. I would get all week. Oh God
Isn't that great?
Don't we all need little spiritual fulfillment? Oh, yeah or some kind of fulfillment
While the revolution began about a decade ago churches have gone far beyond the groundbreaking religious websites and
Whatever this says. I don't know what this word is of the 1990s the new currency is online message board web logs
fiber optic transmission even tiny iPod music players
We've got tools that we never had before said Greg Derby present of the Christian interactive networking
Popular beach and the reaches worldwide fantastic for brainwashing man
Sure as how beats like that. They said in that work sure beats out handing pamphlets on speakers
Remember that scene. Yes. Yeah, which he said my name is whatever it was a badass commie. Oh, can't say that
I thought was her name Lorraine Hobbs
Remember that I do my name is Lorraine Hobbs. I'm a badass commie
How far in response Derby Tech's a server carrying these signals out for the Christian radio station WMCU at this moment
We have 115 people listening to the streaming right now from North Carolina Texas, California, England, Spain and Germany
115 man. That's impressive in it
Praise Christ in Palm Beach County site. Don't you be better watch yourself man. So that's a collision scrap God is gonna smite your ass
In Palm Beach County site in South low eats Sunday among Christ Christ Fellowship in Palm Beach, and it's too satellite campuses and it goes on
So now we got the internet is also religious a bunch of crap
Everywhere you turn same old getch keys 5 6 7 0 5 60
I noticed the Humper was having one bitch of a time getting calls this morning
So I guess this is gonna be that kind of a day, you know it?
Maybe it's a blue Monday 5 6 7 0 5 60
Tom 5 6 and leave a rising and singular wireless line bow today and tomorrow and we got Curtis and we got guilty mixing man. It's like a mishmash
Somebody Q a.m. Hello
Me of God. Yes, sir
Listen, I obviously look every day and I'm just gonna suggest that you put this one on the pole because I'm sure there's people out there
It's pretty good for the bowl. Even though I may not both work, but no Howard David
He's not but he's not here no more
Well, but you should do the bits and things like that
I'm doing a monitor. I mean I'm doing a dollar. Yeah, I'm just saying that you know
Personally, I must do it anyway. I think it's hilarious
But I know people calling all the time bitching about me. So oh, yeah the ones that call in bitching about it
They're the ones can't wait for the next bit. We got a bad echo on his call 5 6 7 0 5 6
You let's put that on there. Moe. Howard David did it. All right
Okay, hello. It's you know a little bit late though horse is already out of the barn the horses ants and especially after two months
In a row of a 1.1 share that was really a phenomenal way to go out
By the way, I'll be at Pompato Park tonight at seven o'clock. Yeah
WCYM hello
Come on and get your free autographs tonight bring some of those stupid autograph cards the especially the IOD one those are my favorites
WCYM hello
Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, I
A few weeks from I was listening to you and you made a joke about this Johnny map is and I tried to call you them
But I couldn't get in about the African queen
Well, actually the two things about him that I think you don't know number one. He's not African-American
Yeah, what do I hear? I mean some kind of a racial thing you want to make out of this? No, no
He's Indian is all I wanted to tell you Johnny mattress is Indian
And the second thing in my ass
No, you know that you are number two that he was well known before he was a singer for something you would never go
Which is that he was on the
Taption ship basketball came with Bill Russell with the anniversary of San Francisco for two years one
Oh my god, wow, this is you look it up on the internet. I'm not making it up
That's what I just thought I don't know
I'm gonna look it up right now you pick my interest Johnny mattress is an Indian
Well, maybe he's the Indian queen
Oh, I don't think we know what any movie named Indian Queen. We do know the African Queen. I don't think that God gets it
But at any rate Johnny mattress. Let's say we say why all right
Oh, belt it out Johnny come on you can do it. Let's say Johnny mattress calm
The African queen
Huh
Celebrating 50 years since Johnny's first recording. Oh skip the intro, please don't you hate these artsy-fartsy websites?
Oh, welcome to my website. I hope you enjoy it here. There's Johnny right there and what's that he's squeezing in his hands
Let's see bio here. We go. Let's get to the bio
Me ol mile, I'm clicking it boy. This thing is awful. So here we go the fourth of seven children John Royce
Mathis is born September 20th 1935
God is the old he's 70 years old for Christ's almost in Gilmer, Texas the Clement knildred Mathis
Well, that's two things he and I have in common
We both had a mother named Milner and as a small boy the family moved to post-reason stand for in Cifco
It was there that he learned and I appreciate the music from his father who taught his first song my blue heaven
At a J his father purchased an old upright piano for 25 bucks when he brought it home
It wouldn't fit through the front door. So that evening Johnny stayed up all night to watch his father dismantle the piano get it into a small
They're a basement apartment and then we assemble it
Just like the studio here that I'm sitting right now. You know they had to do that
Yeah, yeah
Holy old built a studio down here in Miami and then they disassembled it and they shipped it up here in parts and the engineers here
Plus Julio came up himself along with Bob Vermuth and they put it back together again
Unlike the egg the Humpty Dumpty egg the Greg Reed broken to a minute pieces that they can put back together again good luck on Ellen by the way
I was just on that Johnny Mathis site myself by the way, but I had to back out because of the music that's playing oh
I'm not listening to the audio
The clean math is who worked briefly as a musician in Texas playing the piano and singing on the stage
We're continuing to teach us some many songs and routines. Oh, he taught them some routines
Johnny had proven to be the most eager the children learn by me. It goes on
He was 13 when Clem took him to see Connie Cox a very a voice teacher who agreed to take on the youngster in exchange for doing odd jobs around her house
I bet he's probably pretty good doing odd jobs
Johnny studied with Connie for six years learning vocal scales and exercises voice production classical operatic skills and
He was a star athlete at George Washington high school
On the track and field team as a high jumper and herdler and played on the basketball team all right
In 54 you enrolled at San Francisco State College with the intention of being an English and Fizz head teacher
Oh, watch out for those for the teachers look out
They like to make you take showers naked, you know
So it's a good idea. I think when you have that kind of a Fizz head teacher
It's good idea to take showers with your clothes on
While there Johnny said a high jump record of six foot five and a half inches
This is still on the colleges top 15 list just as he was when you high school Johnny's name was frequently mentioned in the sports sections of the Northern California
Newspapers he was referred to as the best all around athlete to come out of the San Francisco get Bay Area
And it goes on and on but they don't say nothing about being Indian
Huh, I mean not that it really makes any difference but the guy was right the guy was and he's a he was a basketballer
Although this doesn't say anything about his being on oh, yeah, he was in the 56th Olympic whatever
So there you go everything you wanted to know about Johnny math. This is quite frankly. We don't want to know nothing the African Queen
But that's your kill some good time. Thank you very much. Pally. That was a fantastic call now
Let's see for the pool today. I turn it off when Neil talks about Johnny Mathis
WCYM hello
Hey, Jolly the Johnny
WCYM hello
Here we
WCYM
WCYM hello not there five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty and they've arrived in singular wireless line. That was a good track after there. We had a good run
Yeah, WCYM hello
Neil yes, sir
Somebody Q.A.M. Hello
And you yep, how are you today good? How are you today sir?
Fine, I have a question for you. Is it about radio kind of cool? Yes, do you shave your private areas?
No, yeah, your mama. I think your mama does oh speaking of that. Oh my god of your mama
There was a clip on the news. I forget what you're was honest. They made was uncertainly not news network
And they had this one of these meetings in New Orleans with all the disgruntled homeless people who are either out of their homes or they can't find their relatives
And it was a very large dark-complexed lady chocolate chocolate. Yeah, and she was foaming at the mouth
I can't find her mother or whoever the hell it is and they are paying attention and she was she had a mustache that
Did you see that clip? I did not but I watched she had a full mustache
Big fat lady with a mustache if I put on CNN
Well, I see that and then Mary Landro came over and she sat down
Oh, we're gonna make some calls because this is politically very bad for me and you know the audience
I'm serious you wouldn't have believed it and I'm not exaggerating this lady had a big
mustache. I'm trying to take somebody famous who's got a mustache. Namey somebody. Bert Reynolds and Vogueonites. Okay. Well
Kind like that just like that
That's pretty funny. I mean, you know, we see you've seen people with facial hair and like yeah, you know women would
But this wasn't just like that. This is the women who might have a mustache
That's that's struggling. Yeah. Now. Why wouldn't she shade that baby?
Out of us, there's two. Well, why not? Maybe she likes it
I guess
And she was a big lady man. I thought she was gonna like knock somebody into the next
And solar system good god
She was just wild and rightfully so by the way. I mean the fact that she's got a mustache
She doesn't mean that we shouldn't find her loved ones etc. Or we should be less sympathetic but man
How about a little bit of hygiene, you know, how about like shaving it or maybe there's some reason for it you think?
Oh sure maybe because she's been out and maybe because of the hurricane
Maybe she hasn't been in a home while in quite a while. She can't get her shaving equipment together. Good point good point
That a good point. Yeah
All the way to this track me a little bit bizarre that I mean
Do you know any women that shaved their like upper lip?
I wait a minute. I'll pass on that. If don't go there. Don't go there
Five minutes after 11 at 560 WDQM if you're in a dead end job if you're underpaid if your new years resolution is a high-paying career
You better act right now pick up the phone and call fast train toll-free at 1 866 fast train fast train will get you trained already for a great new high-paying career
Just a few short months. That's right. Get you a new high-paying career in just a few short months
What's not to like the demand for medical coding specialist and computer professionals right now is at an all-time high and fast train offers convenient day
Evening and weekend classes job placement assistance financially for people to qualify so pick up that phone right now and call fast train
At 1 866 fast train fast train placed over 100 people like you in 2005
So check fast train on the web at fast train.com
But do it now because classes are filling up really fast don't miss the train of opportunity this year get out of your dead end job
Say goodbye to your dead end boss and a crappy paycheck and get yourself a real career with some real training from fast train
Call today 1 866 fast train this year make that new years resolution reality get a life 1 866 fast train
This is new Roger
This is 560 QA
I've got two sets of lips
What
The
She man
Her secretly she glad that he's gone
Now that then you see how it's time to scream at the shout that she's happy now that she has been fun
When she found you're in now that you get even so proud she finally say I'm
In
Schanzel
All I'm drawing math is by the way is the first recording artist ever now.
This is something you might be very interested in. You might make a million dollars on Jeopardy Sunday with us.
Okay. The first artist ever have an album called So and So's Greatest Hits.
Oh, and in his case Johnny's Greatest Hits because it wasn't going to be like Patties Greatest Hits.
Johnny's Greatest Hits 1950, it was the first one. That's shocking. Well, I'll take that to the bank.
I mean, I mean, there are other people before him that could have had greatest hits,
but they just didn't get around to it. So don't be picking on poor Johnny Macris, okay?
You're fair. Come on with it.
752 votes on the full of Mojave, David did it, and he got three.
But it's kind of like anti-climactic. Oh, by the way, Neil, I got a great movie for your pool.
Doesn't it just, I don't know. I guess you reach a certain point where nothing shocks you anymore.
That's just amazing to me how shallow the people of South Florida are.
You just, I feel for you. I feel so bad because I spent how many years there?
About 30, man.
My God. How did I survive it? Jesus.
It's as shallow as a grave.
The shallow was the grave in deliverance. Remember they had to dig the grave for that mug lump guy from Aintree?
Yeah.
Yeah.
5670560, pound 560, and they've arrived in a singular wireless line.
It's got Kim Bocapery through this afternoon in the revolving slot.
You ever see a revolving slot? WCQAM, hello?
Hey, Neil. How you doing?
Pretty good.
Good, good. Right, if anyone's nervous.
She gets mad because she thinks I'm fooling around with a 17-year-old, and I'm 41 for Christ's sake.
Yeah, okay, good.
Line nine, it's going to be the whisper. WCQAM, whispering line. Hello?
I'm John Dallette, happy.
5670560, that's not the whisper. It's a bad fake Eddie.
And that's it.
See now I can commiserate with a hump, because he was just dying for calls this morning.
I thought to myself, you know, this is not going to be... I think I'll go back to bed.
And then I found out after sitting around here to line a clock, oh, George is outside today, and...
But he'd be put a little bit about.
And Clarence wants to come in and nudge you again.
See, I got nudged all my life. All my life.
I had a mother that nudged.
Now, all my life. And then she finally went to that nudging place in the sky about a year and a half ago,
and I thought, well, now there's nobody nudging me anymore.
But I guess Clarence wants to be your mama, or my mama.
Looks to fill the gap, nag, what a nag, a pest, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
Just go away, Clarence, okay? Just go away. Just relax.
Just make sure my paycheck gets around Wednesday, and other than that, have a fine day.
WCQAM, hello?
QAM?
Yes, Faneel?
Yes, sir.
Does it sound like me? Yeah.
How are you, sir? I got a great idea for you.
I'm good.
You know, these jack-asss, as I call you, you waste your time, and you want to hang up on them.
When you hang up, the phone should automatically put out a high-pitched beef and death and spastic.
You mean like this?
Like that?
I wonder if it worked.
5.6705.60, pound 5.60 on the Verizon singular wireless line.
Man, this is, this is Doomsday, January 22.
How did I know?
I guess they're off-set because the dolphins didn't win a playoff game yesterday.
What a joke.
Oh, you're wrong.
The only one there last six in a row this season.
They're going to be a contender next year.
They're going to be a force, and it's the Sabin era now.
Yeah.
Okay.
QAM, hello?
What is the thing you will start?
I like this fixed game.
They want against the Patriots.
WQAM, hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yeah.
Just update from Go Stream Park without there this weekend.
Yeah.
And it's a silly thing.
Oh, you say this on a poll.
It says here, what's the, what do you turn off most when he talks about horse racing is leading.
So we better not do that.
I guess this guy, he probably called from radio, or I caught our own, or whatever it is.
That would, that would.
Is that a guy?
Huh?
Yeah.
He's called from radio, caught a cool trying to siphon off our audience.
Oh, yeah.
What is it we can talk about that'll make sure the whole audience goes diving, put it out, and turns it off immediately if not sooner.
Horse racing, Goll Stream, your mama.
Don't care.
Not interested.
Especially the flants, man.
That's through.
How can anybody watch that?
You sit there and you wait and you wait and you wait and you wait and you wait and you wait and you wait and you read the racing form and you know, hot dog and the horses come out.
First of all, when a post braid in third grade racing, they look like China dolls, like if somebody reads on them too hard, they're going to fall down and fall into a woman in pieces, you know.
And then you run like most races are like six four longs, like a minute and ten seconds and then you sit there for another half an hour.
Oh, brother.
Not my cup of tea.
Come into QAN, hello.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I knew he had one more in him.
I knew there was one more.
That was Greg Reed, by the way.
That was Greg Reed, Dunwo.
If Hank is right about that, if he's, if he's, if he's suckered him and assigning him on for ten or eleven years on a payroll to be their consultant.
Well, no, that isn't, I think that's his contract.
What?
I think he has like ten years left or something on his contract.
You call that a consultant?
You have outta here.
They said his contract, his manager, was up at the end of the last year.
Oh, I'm pretty sure.
No.
Okay.
You're pretty sure what?
That was Caroline Beasley said that and she sure as a wooden lie.
Nobody in this company would lie to anybody.
But regardless, I mean, what, whatever it was, that's unbelievable.
So he just comes to Ronnie's gonna try to get them to screw it up as bad as he did.
You gotta be kidding me.
It's just amazing.
It would be like Ray Nagan giving instructions on race relations.
Somebody QYM, hello?
I like you.
Do you like me?
No.
Somebody QYM, hello?
Wow.
This is good.
QYM, hello?
No.
Yes, sir.
You're open, is that?
You're open, is that?
WDQYM, hello?
WDQYM, happy Monday.
Yes.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, Roger Schell?
Yes, speaking.
Hi.
I had a something for your poll.
Okay.
My vote would be for progressive or new wave rock or whatever that noise was that George was playing.
Okay.
Especially when they were talking over the noise.
That was especially bad radio.
Okay, thanks.
Especially bad radio.
Well, I think we got music on it.
Isn't it already come?
Yes.
Because that's his music as opposed to my music.
Which his music makes my music sound fantastic.
Because this takes the music is pathetic.
I'll let you wouldn't agree with that.
But what do you know about it?
I know enough.
Yeah.
You know enough?
Is that what you said?
Enough.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50.
Let me ask you something.
What made me a great artist from the 80s or 90s?
That's going to like some great music that's going to live for like 100 years.
Yeah.
In my opinion?
Yeah.
90s till now.
That cover is a 16 year.
From the 90s?
Right.
90s.
This decade now, where there's 20 albums.
A band that'll be popular for a long time Metallica.
Metallica will be, you know, they actually got started in the 80s.
But yeah, I was just going to say.
They'll be around, you know, for a long time.
From the 90s and now.
Incubis.
Well, come on.
Let me ask you a question.
If I say anything, is there not going to be a chuckle?
No.
Whether I chuckle enough doesn't make it wrong.
It's just my opinion.
And you know what bad taste I got in music?
My taste isn't my touch.
By the way, did he ever give you that movie which I don't know if you like it?
Not about the Motown movie?
No, he did not.
Well, why not?
By the way, I don't know where you would get off.
I like music.
I don't have the problem at Motown whatsoever.
Why are you so defensive about it?
No, but I don't know if you like it enough that you watch a home movie about it.
But standing in the shadows of Motown, I think you might enjoy it.
It's great.
I'm sure it's educational.
No, not a quick, not educational.
I mean, you do learn something about these guys that nobody ever knew about before.
But the fact of the matter is, it's just a fun movie.
It's great if you like Motown.
If you like Motown.
So I guess he'll give you the movie you'll watch it and then you'll say,
I was a little bit too much Motown.
Well, I'm not watching a damn thing until you watch City of God.
No, I feel like, you know, I'm not going to watch this.
You're telling me here why I'm just trying to breastfeed you.
I wind up watching all these movies.
And I mean, bad ones so far.
What's the bad movies that you see so far?
Other than the network that you fell asleep in?
I guess that's about it.
Yeah.
27 after 11 at 5.60.
QM when you're shopping for shoes, comfort fit and value are the three ingredients
that anybody with a half of brain is looking for.
And that's why people who are smart take their feet over to brandy shoes and competo beach.
Brandy's carries a humongous, had you an unbeatable selection of all the top brands they got rock port?
They got Floreshime, Echo, New Balance, Milfisto, SAS, you like it, they got it.
And Brandy's professional shoe fitters make sure you have a customized video favorite comfort shoe every time.
Just ask for Arnie at Brandy.
So make sure you get the perfect fit of the right price.
They even specialize in wide widths as well.
Brandy's worth the trip from just about any place in town.
And once they don't forget for that unbeatable combination for your feet, comfort style fit value and selection.
Brandy shoes at 1290 North Federal Highway and Poppano Beach open Monday through Saturday to Line and every Sunday till 5.
And every week there's another great value of Brandy shoes.
This week's sparray top side is in both Wens and Women's styles.
You'll save 10 to 20 bucks extra up here.
Only this week and only at Brandy shoes in Poppano Beach.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is Dan Rattling, former CBS eating news anchor man and now a punchline.
My former networks inability to find a suitable replacement for me demonstrates my true genius and complete and total domination as an amy air talking head.
But let us speak about some of the names who have been mentioned to replace me.
First Bob Sheeper, nice enough man but please, he's got less hair than Madonna's armpits and everyone knows you can't conduct the train if you use Rogan.
Another name that has been banning about is John Roberts, who currently anchors the Sunday CBS evening news.
There's a reason he's been on Sundays for so long plus he's Canadian and everyone knows when the camera light goes red it can't be a hose head.
Then there's Scott Pelley from 60 minutes.
He was the guy who helped me make up the story about President Bush.
I think plus he's skinnier than Kelly Ripper and everyone knows you have to have a meaty can if you want to be the man.
And let's go from the ridiculous to the sublime.
The front runner to succeed me seems to be current today show co-anchor Katie Kirk.
When I first heard her name in the same sentence as mine I threw up in my mouth a little bit.
This person thinks real news is announcing the individual weight of each of JLo's butt cheeks.
Plus her head's too small her eyes are too close together and she reeks of gene to day.
When charged with the awesome task of replacing an icon it's important to remember.
You can't. You can only hope to find someone who is involved Canadian skinny or so completely self-centered.
She thinks her name should be part of the pledge of allegiance.
For now this is Dan Rather signing off and reminding you a whistle is to blow a gong is to bang and Katie Kirk has about as much to offer the world as a frog with pins in its extremities laying on a high school lab table.
This is Dan Rather.
1134 26 to 115 60 WQAM.
I'm working on tomorrow's pool already.
Really? Yeah.
We got 800 votes on this one so we'll have over a thousand before you can say Jiminy Cricket.
Sure.
And speak of radio all in that they did beat the Miguel point out audio caught a cold in men in our target demo.
They beat us in the morning and in the afternoon this last in this bizarre book but nevertheless they're kicking ass man.
Lot of Colombians WKY Oklahoma's first radio station switched to Spanish language programming today.
Oklahoma.
What?
What's the Spanish population?
I'm going to look that up.
Of what? Oklahoma.
Oklahoma.
Can't be a lot.
85 billion.
The station grabbed its news talk format began simulcasting Spanish station KINBFM.
105.3 also owned by Citadel Communications.
We looked at our profile at KINB in Domabla.
It's indomitable.
And at the growing population for Latinos in Oklahoma City we realized the success we could reach between our line in Domabla listeners.
And it advertised the Citadel Oklahoma City Operations Manager Chris Baker.
Chris Baker?
Oh that can't be Chris Baker the one from.
Oh my god.
How can't be can it send an email on Monday?
If that's that Chris Baker I'm going to murder somebody before this day is over.
Merging KINB in WKY now gives us one of the biggest regional Mexican signals in the southwest.
Today we received calls from listeners in Ada, Inid and Chikashua to make a few communities around the metro.
Can I listen to Indomabla?
WKY, reportedly the first radio station west of the Mississippi River, had been a news talk station since it was acquired by Citadel from the Oklahoma Public Community.
And December 2002.
Under Citadel ownership WKY's local news talk was a distant second behind news talk leader Katie Okaam 1000,
which carried syndicated right wing talk host like Russian Lombash on hand and the other fascist on the air.
And it goes on with the numbers they had this but it be putable.
And I knew a cut of coal by the way didn't know nothing in Oklahoma City.
WKY also has carried Oklahoma City Blazers and Red Hawks game broadcasts,
but planned to cut back on its fourth program under the new floor mat Baker said.
Blazers spokesman Josh Evans said the team expected WKY will carry the remainder of its games this season.
How do you like that?
So the oldest station, AM station west of the Mississippi, now no speaking English.
How do you like that?
Does that tell you what we're up against?
Wow, we're talking about radio cut of coal and can't buy a coal, a coal?
That's why.
Because nobody speaking English no more in South Florida.
You will Julio's out there.
We surrender, we're waving a white flag, we give up.
How about you guys? You got the Hispanic population of Oklahoma?
I'm looking right now.
And I take 20 billion, 7 trillion and growing by leaps and bounds,
reproducing like bunny rabbits.
And they're not really breaking it down at all.
Well why not?
I can't find it, I don't know.
You can't find the Hispanic population, and that's probably because your computer can't carry that many zeros on it.
That's what it is.
That's what the Nidio is, you can't carry a number that high.
That is scary.
W.Q.A.N. no speaking English.
I am John and Josh G.
W.Q.A.N. Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
I want to give one for your poll.
Yeah.
Is this Neil?
Yes it is.
When George is on, I got to say, he's great as a sidekick when he's on by himself.
That's when the radio goes on.
That's not the poll question.
Oh that's not the poll question.
The question is turn the show off when you were George talk about some subject.
Not just a chance to pick on George because he's sick from doing too many drugs.
Come on Kelly.
I'll lighten up a little bit.
Kind of some slack man.
The guys are probably crawling around puking his guts out.
I have never known anybody in my life who is sick as often as he is.
Just always, just on and on.
It's busy and crawling around and puking up gigantic flim balls and all these, all of these things.
I think it's that family of his man.
You know Miguel was saying the kids.
I think it's that whole home environment.
Plus of course, coming to work in that sick building there.
Now I think that's going to add like many, not just psychologically, but for my health standpoint,
at years to my life, not having to come to that building here, but you know I'm talking about it's a sick building.
Maybe if Joe Bell wants to do something for the hired hands there,
we say probably don't want to do because everything is in limbo.
Are they moving the, whatever to the other building?
That would be a nice thing.
Have like a sanitary workplace as opposed to a sick building which it definitely is in every respect.
Every time I would come in there, like with an entendism, I'm coughing and choking and puking.
And you look at them, you can see them mung coming around out of the fence up there.
Just look up there.
There's mung.
Oh my god, there it is.
Yeah, you can smell it, you can feel it, you can touch it.
And among two, by the way, you're ready for that population?
Yes, of Oklahoma City or the whole state.
Oklahoma City.
Yes?
506,000.
Oh my god.
See how do you like that?
Don't create.
Right.
Like in Domablé, how do you say that?
The indomitable one, I don't know what that means.
I guess we do.
Huh?
You better start learning your espionage, Mr. Cosema to tell you right now you're going to get left at the Hitchin Post.
Okay?
You're going to let me get left in the behind because that's where it's at now.
The Julios are taken over America.
Forget about yourself, Florida.
I mean, I realize geographically it's right on the other side of Texas.
So naturally, a lot of these illegal aliens.
I mean, wonderful folks come pouring across the Mexico.
Like I said, illegal aliens, a half a million of them in Oklahoma City.
Taking everybody else's jobs, right?
And taking over the radio station, well, I got news for when we got, uh, uh, uh,
Cata Cole beating QA in the morning and the afternoon and men.
That tells you something really stinks in the magic city, I'm saying?
Something really smells very bad.
When the median cartel is taken over South Florida.
This is the Neil Roger.
What do I do that like 25 years?
This is 516 QA.
Hey, hey, hey.
Translando el pollo para acá.
John F.
John F.
The taxi car.
Bata driver.
Shut the prop.
You look that mean so quizzicly.
I could know he was in the dark.
So I acted out my puncture in with my arms, the trees I made.
Nobody speaks English anymore.
I went down to my, yeah, I met with each weather, business and honey.
I walked into a little store, but a guy there talks real funny.
I asked him for a pint of fortune, be me just knowing the end of what doesn't mean.
Nobody speaks English anymore.
That cornered derriere.
Hell, I think I've been Pakistan's big English mille.
All you can go back to our ranch.
I came here a month ago, learned my ABCs.
I don't say much is grossiest.
I said pretty much.
So get yourself to a classroom quick here in America now.
Stop making this thing.
Nobody speaks English anymore.
Let me 45 a few more along the line.
Did you see the story that you just asked me?
I did. That's why I said I was way off.
I gave you the total population of Oklahoma City.
Is it half a million?
Correct.
Five hundred.
You ever been there?
No.
You definitely don't want to go there.
You're right.
New figures from the US Census Bureau.
Thanks for overfaxing this invite, because this is more important thing.
This was Miguel.
We started talking about Hispanics, and he came in with the story.
Yeah, oh, that's right.
If Miguel hears anything about Julio's man, he comes racing, and because that's all he knows from.
He got on the case.
Yeah.
Even though he was born in Chicago, and he's never been in Cuba in his life, or anywhere, probably never been anywhere in Latin America.
At least I've been in Caracas, baby.
It's more you can say.
But that's where his brain is.
His brain is in Latin America.
He's just a Latino kind of guy.
Anyway, Oklahoma's Hispanic population is a state's fastest growing minority group.
They're multiplying like cockroaches.
Population estimates for 2004 released today show the states his span, and the Pope is very happy about it.
The Hispanic population Oklahoma grew another 5% from 2003 to 2004.
There's over more than 223,000 Asians were the second fastest growing ethnic group in Oklahoma.
They three percent increased over the same period.
Well, they sure know how to make a lot of babies.
They're making a look at the Chinese man, a billion.
Wights, blacks, and American Indians all had growth rates of less than 1%.
Following that, Hispanic population grew 5%, whites, blacks, and American Indians all had growth rates of less than 1%.
American Indians made Oklahoma's largest minority group at 8.1%.
Blacks and X at 7.7% followed by Hispanics at 4.7%, but the Hispanics are catching up like crazy.
They're screwing their brains out.
God!
Well, they want to have another baby for Christ.
That's what the Pope says. He'll papa.
They're going to take over.
I was Getskies, keep showing up in Latin America and they're going to come with hands in the easing.
They got their last little baubles and bangles and beads and they're giving them to the church.
They haven't got enough of that. They don't have two nickels for rubbed together.
Two pesos for rubbed together.
Talk about brainwashed.
I would say that Hispanics are probably the most... I don't want to generalize.
The most brainwashed of any ethnic group on the face of year and the Muslims.
And 831 votes.
We're going to get to 1,000 so I guess it's safe for me to introduce tomorrow's poll now.
Yeah, it's safe.
Well, no, because I need to put a whole bunch of addition.
Well, now what do you mean by that?
In other words, you think these people eat a little something to think their teeth and do?
They're calling in polls from Friday.
I mean, you know, throw them a bone.
Yeah, okay.
The most incredible thing you've ever seen on TV.
Another good poll we never did that before.
Okay, yes, no.
Jack Ruby shoots Lee Harvey Oswald long before your time.
Have you ever seen a clip of that?
I did.
I did, yes.
In the Dallas Police Station where they're getting ready to transfer Oswald to the channel.
And the Jack Ruby waltz is right in and by the bang and by the way, my Oswald guy...
I think somebody just shot me and I'd look on his...
...the challenger blows up.
Right?
Yeah, tragic.
How many times have we seen that?
How many million times?
Vast 30 million!
The OJ Simpson trial.
The OJ Bronco Chase.
Okay, now those are the first four I got.
I'm sure there must be thousands.
You don't want it to come to mind immediately.
The most incredible thing you've ever saw on TV.
Let me think about it.
Okay, think about it.
Okay, time's up.
Five, six, seven.
Find a way, plenty of pictures of George W. Bush with Jack Abramoff.
That's what Time Magazine says.
All kinds of unpublished photos showing that there's more to this story than meets the eye.
Oh, we don't know who that is and a present don't got nothing to do with him or Kenny Boylay or any of these.
Or Brownie Brown, we don't know any of those people.
Well, what about the planes flying into the...
There you go.
That's sure you.
How do we want to put that?
Plains 9-11 attacks?
Yeah, that's fine.
That's not... that kind of like covers it all.
By the way, where's that plane that flew into the Pentagon?
Where are like the pieces of it or like anything?
Where's any trace of that plane?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, ten, five, six, ten.
They've revised the singular wireless line.
Somebody QYM, hello?
How good of you.
Yes, sir.
Hold on a second.
I got a cranked way up in the radio, too.
Okay, crank it.
I got one for your poll.
Okay.
I tune out when you talk about the poll.
Okay.
All right.
Nice, nice knowing you.
Do we want to put that on there?
If you want me to.
Okay.
When Neil or George talk about the poll, okay, that's nice and short.
It won't take too long.
You can even figure that out.
Hold this P-O-L-L.
The 9-11 attacks.
I think that's going to win because the timeline on it only goes back five years.
Here it is five years later, by the way, or four and a half years anyway.
We catch a Osama yet?
No.
No.
In fact, we're getting more and more videotapes every day.
How about that Al-Zawahiri?
We got him yet?
He's coming out with videos and audios and DVDs and BBDs and all kinds of stuff.
How about Al-Zar-Kawahiri?
We got that one.
No.
Now, the goal is to see what we got.
It took good care of him.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, W-Q-A-M, we're still everybody.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
W-Q-A-M, hola.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Please the nail.
I have one for your poll, sir.
Which now?
Which poll are we talking about?
The one from the poll.
Yeah.
The new one must be incredible, right?
Okay, what's that?
That's the 2000 elections turn around.
You know, that one they announced from the beginning, the goal won.
And then...
2000 election count.
Okay, excellent.
All right, got it.
Make sure you had some egg on air poised, didn't they?
Yeah.
They didn't realize the fix was in.
And then, of course, it was, you know, one of Bush's...
What was it?
nephew of Riverdale was on Fox.
Oh, well, guess what Fox News declares that Bush won Florida.
He's, you know, president.
Right.
See, this is how apathetic Americans are.
They had two elections stolen in broad daylight.
And what time's the American idol on?
Come on, give me the ball.
Give me the ball.
Oh, god.
You know, I don't know about you, but I'm a little bit uncomfortable with the spots.
You know, Donovan, McNabb's mother, the Campbell soup spots.
You're uncomfortable about them?
Yes.
Meaning?
Meaning that I don't...
There's an ugly stereotype there.
Now, she's not as bad as Reggie White's mama.
I'll agree with you on that.
What?
What?
Are you all right, Sharon?
Yeah, I'm just gagging.
Whoo!
Got like a hair on my throat.
Don't get the person alone.
Huh!
So, you know what I'm saying?
Oh, you're just...
See, God's punishing me now.
Yes, he would have happened?
Must be the air in here.
He ripped Donovan's mama there, you know.
Look what happened to Rush.
You're gonna get chunks in the throat.
Peace.
You might have to finish the show.
No, anyway.
What was I saying?
You were ripped by the...
You know, every time television port's raised any kind of minority,
it's always that stereotype.
You know, she comes across like Antio mama on her.
You don't think so a little bit?
No, she does.
Yeah, I don't like that.
I think it's a pretty racially insensitive.
It's not as insensitive as Putin' Sham and Sherp on her.
There's nothing worse than that.
Yep.
7-E-Q-A-M, hello.
Clearly, it was the most important thing.
7-E-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Up yours.
Back at you.
Q-A-M, hello.
Hello, you know.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I got to think for you a boy or for the most incredible thing.
Yes.
I remember in California, those guys with the machine guns
that were shooting at the cops.
Yeah.
That one.
And the guy was with...
The one with which one?
Which one?
We had the Patty Hurst one, the SLA.
No, what happened just a few years ago?
The guys were in Kevlar, honor.
And they were just shooting up everything in California
and with machine guns and everything.
Okay.
And the guy with the bomb around his neck,
the pizza delivery guy, they put the bomb around his neck.
Got another one.
Pizza delivery guy, but now is that?
Well, that was the one that the Lionel Tate stole the pizza.
We're the other one, and most stole the pizza.
Oh, what about the...
Let's see.
The Janorino.
How about Alien?
The Alien rescue.
When they came in and schlepped him out of the house.
Remember that?
Yeah.
And then there was the one in...
Where the hell was it?
I don't call home a city bombing.
Right.
Which we didn't see alive.
They could have previewed and got an 80-share Oklahoma City bombing.
And what about the Colton Texas?
What the hell was it?
The Janorino.
I was an IOD then, and we watched it right on here when they like a Burnett thing up.
Don't you remember that?
I don't know.
Okay.
No, you don't.
Well, I'm telling you, what you know about the world is that it can find...
...districtly the confines here of bedroom.
56670560.
Town 560 and you've arrived in singular wireless lines.
WQAM, hello.
Howard David doesn't resign.
Waco.
The Waco...
How do we want to say that?
Waco Colton.
I don't know.
No, you don't know what I'm talking about?
I've been Colton Waco and it wouldn't come out David Koresh.
Yeah.
What is wrong with you, man?
I got you.
You need to get out of the house once in a while.
What the hell did I look good?
I'm out of that sack with your damn Natasha.
You're rushing to the Communist by girlfriend.
Jesus.
So, Waco's in Waco.
I said that.
I said the Waco Colton.
Is that okay?
No, then that's a Waco Colton.
When they burned the place, when they like, through the fire bonded.
I'll just put a bomb on it.
David Koresh.
Okay.
Have a good party.
No get it.
David Koresh.
WQAM, hello.
Hello, good.
All right.
All right, for the TV.
Yeah.
I think Ken and Jackson at the Super Bowl was a big thing for many people.
It was big.
Well, not that big.
Sure.
It sure screwed us over big time.
Okay.
Thank you.
Janet Jackson, Booby Flapp.
There was live on TV.
Boobies, breasts.
Oh, God.
Can America ever recover?
No.
Will we ever get our fart sounds back?
No.
Our freedom's back.
No.
We're good excuse anyway.
So, one thing to think about the Nazis is they always find some good excuse.
Well, we have to do it because of the national security.
We have to open your mail and tap your phone and all these other things
and come knock it under your door three and the name of national security.
It's the war on terror and the same thing the war on pornography and smut
because we saw boobies on TV.
The good news is there wasn't one in decency fine leveled.
Love he did in all of 2005.
How do you like that?
And that's something?
Wow.
After all that big flap and all that big grand standing, there wasn't one fine.
Oh, we're fine.
By the FCC in 2005.
How do you like that?
By the beep.
By the beep.
We're gonna crack down.
We're gonna do it.
Yeah, right.
Maybe some of the O'shaan provocateurs out there were busy with other crafts.
This is Neil Rogers.
By the end of the video game.
This is 5.16.28.
Hello, my name is Andrew.
And this portion of the Neil Rogers of your 12-to-1 hour is brought to you by the Lettend-12.
One-to-to-to-to-by-ticks of the make-point eleven-twenthal.
The license of pizza.
All for me.
A pair of cups, cups, cups, cups, cups, cups, and a drawer.
Who sounds like a moron?
Guess not.
Every time he's been here.
It's the way God wants his feet.
He wants to take a city and cover it in sweets.
Renewing can.
Renewing can.
Renewing can.
Renewing can cause he wants to make new or lean-steady skills.
And I don't care what people are saying.
We as black people.
His garments are bizarre.
Surely God is mad.
He compared the vocals to a willy-wong-a-pop.
Chocolatey-can.
Yes, Renewing can.
Renewing can cause he wants to make new or lean-steady skills.
This time, blessed to come together.
The town for us to rebuild a new world is the one that should be uptown or wherever they are.
This city will be chocolate, a chocolate in the wall.
He never takes the blame for anything he said.
Chocolate at the end of the day.
That chocolate is some cosy animal of one father's.
Renegant game.
Renegant game.
Renegant game.
Renegant game.
That he wants to make new or leads cases.
You can't have new or leads no other way.
It wouldn't be the same.
And just wouldn't be the same.
Cello 2 or 5, 60 chocolate.
Maybe that's where it's at.
It's chocolate.
Not chocolate.
Chocolate.
Never have any hot chocolate.
All the time.
Okay, what do we got in this, now which pool is this?
I don't know, I'm lost.
875, but we're going to make it to 1000 day.
We don't even know what that all a pool is.
I turn it, first of all, this business about I turn it off.
No, you don't.
I mean, I realize you're answering it to try to like respond to the pool,
which is fine.
That's unusual.
But they don't turn it off.
I turned it off when Euler George talked about.
I never turned it off.
465, 53.1%.
That's the honest part of our audience.
Horus Racing 95.
Well, when, how do we talk about Horus Racing?
Ever?
You were just talking about thoroughbred something about how boring it is.
Right.
Hockey 91.
Hockey, we talk about hockey on the show.
We loved it.
Pathers.
By the way, at the least get pounded by Ottawa again,
that Pat Quinn gets fired.
But anyway, no hockey, 92.
And they will, by the way.
Religion 38, politics 38.
You see the big drop off there from Horus Racing and Hockey?
In other words, the rest of it.
Forget about it.
Religion 38, politics 37, movies 31, music 29,
Fag stuff 29.
No more of that, Fagery.
Butch it up, sweetheart.
Butch it up.
Radio stuff 23, like it was ratings like Friday, God was that boring.
Mohawar did it in 2014.
Thank God he's gone.
14 people turned it off as soon as they hear the mention of his name.
Maybe a man makes them gag up a little bit.
Florida restaurants 10,
sex 8, gambling 5, and the pool,
the pool only 1.
Out of 8, 91, 8, whatever it is.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, I think I'm getting whatever Georgia you've got.
I think I'll be out ill for a few days.
Way to think.
WCYM, hello.
Hey Neil, how are you?
Great.
Hey for your KV pool, it was back in the early 90s with Papa Bush,
when we saw on CNN and those night vision goggles, the bombing of Baghdad.
You remember that?
The first one, we had to put part one.
That was a special night.
My friend and I were in our early 20s and we started to hit the Piquilla bottle
in reference to the war, but exactly.
And then I also want to put a shock and awe, a rack part two.
Park did.
Right.
I don't start with a frog stuff.
Oh geez.
Oh boy.
That frog grip.
By the way, your code, oh two bad Georgia's in there today.
He probably clapped his hands.
Well, it's good that he's out there.
Cause speaking of Hoki, which you just were moments ago, I was channel surfing on a hockey
package a couple of nights ago and the Columbus game was on and it was the Ohio
Telecast, you know, it was the Fox News, Fox Sports Columbus, right?
And a rumor wasn't doing the game and it was a horrible guy.
I guess the guy that worked with him, the color guy, he was doing the play by play.
And I thought, what the hell happened here?
And then I find out a spy report that rumor got either like the flu or food poisoning,
where he started doing the game and then like, like that, kind of like you.
No, a little bit more than me.
I'm not puking it.
I just had like a momentary, like a little thing, you know, little riffing.
But no, he couldn't finish the game.
So I hope he's okay.
Your close personal friend, the remand.
Because if he's not, then he won't be able to buy George that lunch.
As details poured out about the illegal and unseemly activities of Republican lobbyists,
Jack Abramoff, White House official South of Portray, this scandal,
as a capital hell affair with little relevance to them, peppered for days with questions about
Abramoff's visit to the White House, press secretary Scott McClellan, a world champion liar,
said that other squaced lobbyists had attended two huge holiday receptions
and a few staff-level meetings that weren't worth describing further.
The president doesn't know him, nor does the president recall ever meeting him or fell in said.
Just like Kenny Boyle.
Who that?
The president's memory may soon be unhackily refreshed.
Time magazine has seen five photographs of Abramoff and the president that suggests a level of contact between them
that Bush-Aids have downplayed.
While time source refused to provide the pictures for publication,
they're likely to see the day of light eventually because celebrity tabloids are on the prowl for them.
And that's been a fear of the Bush teams for the past several months
that a picture of the president with the admitted film could become the iconic image of
direct presidential involvement in a burgeoning corruption scandal
like the shots of Bill Clinton at the White House coffees for campaign contributors in the mid-90s.
Or the shots of Bubba of course with Monica kissing on the lips.
Remember that?
Kissing that pig on the lips.
Never?
Right, dude.
The one we saw eight million times over when she had like red beret on, you know,
looking really fat and discussing and gross.
Ooh, she is gross.
So in that the movie, I'm sure she'll see the big wiskey.
That's it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 8.
So if you want to read that whole story there about Abramoff and Bush,
it's on our website along with all the other great stories that Josh works feverishly
to get on there by noon or one or two o'clock every day.
But it's just a joke, just relax.
Why did you do that?
You are.
Okay, good.
You just went with it.
Like Eric, you know, he's, whoa, you know, if it took a long time Eric finally realizes
that even though 95% of what we do say about him is true,
but nevertheless, like like Barry Jackass, you know, what you say about me is true.
I'm a little nervous and a jerk, but at least Barry knows what's going on with
a radio business.
Okay, so that is head up, Fimbruz-ass, but nevertheless, at least he owns a radio,
which is more than I can say for that silly old Jim Sarni.
Sarni's batteries ran on his radio about 30 years ago.
How many?
3rd, man.
WQYM, hello.
Yes, for your new poll.
Yes.
I would like to nominate Jimmy Cephalo hosting the Trump card game show.
Thank you.
Wow.
Oh my God.
That must have been one of Jimmy's buddies.
You're fairy.
Wow.
WQYM, hello.
Oh, he was like, yeah, that's your answer.
That voice gets deeper every day.
Pretty sure it's going to be down to your toes.
It avoids too.
WQYM, hello.
I'm always a piece of.
WQYM, hello.
Yeah, good afternoon.
Good afternoon, Mr. President.
Good afternoon, Mr. President.
Good afternoon, Mr. President.
Good afternoon, Mr. President.
Good afternoon, Mr. President.
Yes.
Good afternoon, Mr. President.
Good afternoon, Mr. President.
Good afternoon, Mr. President.
Good afternoon, Mr. President.
Good afternoon, Mr. President.
Good afternoon, Mr. President.
Good afternoon, Mr. President.
Good afternoon, Mr. President.
Good afternoon, Mr. President.
Good afternoon, Mr. President.
Good afternoon, Mr. President.
Good afternoon, Mr. President.
How many of them we did?
Like the challenger blowing up,
and like the Jack Ruby Schutzley-Harvey-Ozwald?
Right there on live TV.
Good afternoon, Mr. President.
Good afternoon, Mr. President.
Good afternoon, Mr. President.
Good afternoon, Mr. President.
Good afternoon, Mr. President.
Good afternoon, Mr. President.
Good afternoon, Mr. President.
Good afternoon, Mr. President.
Good afternoon, Mr. President.
Good afternoon, Mr. President.
Okay, thanks, Pally.
Thank you.
And what about the Jack Ruby Schutz-Harvey-Ozwald?
Well, that challenger blowing up,
the guy is calling, he probably had the radio turned down,
and he didn't hear the other guy.
Maybe the other guy was psychic, okay?
The guy that just proceeded and had those two.
It must have been either a coincidence,
or they're working in tandem and tried to drive us crazy, okay?
What about Gaslight?
How come that was not our list of the 85,000 best movies ever?
Gaslight?
Yeah.
Which Charles Boye and A Good Bergman,
now you wouldn't like it.
It's an old black and white movie,
and he tries to drive his wife crazy and move and move like that.
Like George is always trying to do to me.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Oh?
That's why George is sick all the time.
God is punishing him.
Yes, sir.
A moment like this.
A minute.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Pally, how you doing today?
There must be the guy from Radio Catacombe.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how about the Leal Armstrong walking on the moon?
There he go.
That was that shot in Arizona, did you say?
Well, I don't know.
It could very well have been.
And also the Columbia breaking up over Crawford, Texas.
That was a good one.
That wasn't that far ago, either.
Yes, sir.
Okay, first, Pally.
See.
Okay, let's see.
The Leal Armstrong walks on the moon on the Cacamoon,
and the Columbia breaks up over Texas.
Now, where is the president from?
Texas.
You see the connection there?
Yes.
I'm not suggesting that he had anything to do with it,
but nevertheless, anything bad that happens.
He probably had his finger in it.
Columbia breaks up over Texas.
I remember that.
Wasn't that on Saturday morning?
Sure.
You don't remember all the reason I remember this,
because I'm sitting there in the house,
and I'm watching TV, and all of a sudden they said,
well, it's not going to make it.
I mean, just before that, they were showing us the live shots,
you know, and it wasn't a Japanese guy on there,
and also the Israeli guy, and all these guys.
And then all of a sudden, they were like,
they never existed no more.
We got some bad news for you guys.
They were like a little bit of a tile problem,
but if you put them up with the man,
you guys are all going to die.
Well, they didn't say that, but I think they knew it, didn't they?
Yeah.
They said they knew right after they fired that baby off,
that there was a problem when that the tile breaking loose there.
W.C.Y.M. Hello.
Q.A.M.
Meal.
Yes, sir.
How about the original?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
But in life, but it was definitely something overplayed.
You know, I came here this morning about 8.25.
And as each minute went by,
I realized that George was probably out sick again,
because then there was nobody there,
and you were locked out of the room,
and it just was going to be one of those days
that I probably should have just rolled right back into the sack.
No problem at all, because it's up to the moon, easy.
I could just be crawling out of the sack right now.
It would have been a good idea.
That would have been the right move.
But unfortunately, like so many other times in life,
they'll always make the right move.
From it, it's past noon at Q.A.M.
We got speaking to that.
We got Kim Boakamp, or to this afternoon.
Any interest?
The Bomeister.
See, Hank was in honor between 2 and 4.
And I don't want to get involved in that,
but it seems to me that when Hank has got his own issues to be dealing with,
did you see the book on Friday?
I did.
Okay.
The Humphors got his own issues to deal with it in the morning.
Don't be dealing with the other day parts.
Okay, Humphor?
Because you just need your own situation to get straight in the note.
And 2 to 4, I think,
leaves that to the programming experts that we have.
Like Greg probably is getting his two cents in about that.
And Clarence, who certainly has got the expertise
of a real seasoned radio or a journalist.
But anyway, we got Bo for today,
and tomorrow's a matter of fact.
I can't wait.
I may come in special tomorrow to listen to the interview with Bo and Jacques Martain
at 3 tomorrow afternoon.
That ought to be really special, don't you think?
Mad Dog 4 to 7 to 7.
Curtis at 7 to 10.
Curtis, who ought to be doing 2 to 4.
Unless, of course, Mad Dog is going to do 2 to 6.
And Eddie Cate is going to do 2 to 6.
That's just my opinion.
I'm glad that you asked.
Can you just ask me that?
I did.
Those are the only two viable choices.
Either Curtis is going to do 2 to 4,
or if they can twist Mad Dog's arm and often pay him enough money,
he does the 2 to 6, and Curtis can do like 6 to 8 or whatever.
Do you want to say anything?
Or 6 to 10 when there's no ball game?
I see where you're saying it.
I'm glad you asked.
12, 14 and 5, 60 WQAM.
If you ask yourself about getting your great night's sleep every night,
the answer is 1 easy call, 1 800 mattress,
like I've been doing for years.
Nothing's got a bigger impact on your daily health,
the way you feel, your well-being, your productivity,
than a good night's sleep.
And you can get one as soon as tonight by calling Donald Matrice
at 1 800 mattress, replacing the worn out crappy, sagging old,
lumpy mattress, time for a new one.
Choose from the complete line of C. Lee,
shirtless Simmons, king coiled,
stirring's in foster hew at temper-peedic,
all the top names in the mattress business.
And Donald Matrice takes aim the orders all day long,
from kettle to stew, from pumbies to Ford Myers.
And you still get to pick the date and two-hour delivery window
you want that mattress delivered,
when you're going to be home when it's convenient for you.
And they're mighty proud of that delivery record
which shows them on time, 99.7% of the time.
Not perfect, but as close to what is humanly possible.
That's why so many people, including yours,
truly are satisfied.
Donald Matrice customers, and I guarantee you,
how much a Maddie Bell's life on it you will be too.
So pick up that phone, start the new year off right
with a great new mattress, and call 1 800 mattress,
or log on to their website, and do your mattress shopping
right there, mattress.com.
Donald Matrice, 1 800 MATTR ES, leave off the last,
as because it stands for Sensational Saving.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 560 QA-HOR.
And care about black people.
Absolutely.
She vassurized her sister's face with
Ms. Jolie wears her jeans below her hips.
She's got a room full of sex toys in the lips
that Angelina makes guys fans fall off.
Read about her in the times or fall.
There's no marriage safe from coast to coast.
If she meets your man, your love life's told me
Angelina makes guys fans fall off.
She'll start by kicking out her shoes,
let the wind blow over her skirt.
It's an offering just can't refuse,
because she wants you for dessert.
She wants yours, you win her garden's gold.
What's your land hand though you like changing colors?
When you see her you begin to crawl
Angelina makes guys fans fall off.
I can't get my shoes off.
But I know she's still mighty unholy for us.
He'll lose everything in your support.
But with your whither there's no reinforce,
Angelina makes guys fans fall off.
Read about her in the times or fall.
All the way to her like a dog.
When she leaves you and your life is closed yet,
you'll read about it in her clothes.
That's the way that Angelina is like.
Maybe you should stay with your wife.
She's like playing that attract some balls.
Angelina makes guys fans fall off.
Angelina makes guys fans fall off.
Reckham.
Angelina makes guys fans fall off.
What about past noon?
Wall Street Journal.
May, let's see.
What's the date on this?
February 27th, I see May 1793.
Letter from John Dingell.
Who's going to marry Halley Berry?
Dingell Berry?
Right.
Anyway, this is a letter he wrote to the Wall Street Journal.
On February 27th, Black uniformed member of the Bureau of Alcohol,
tobacco and firearms wearing a cool skull helmet
and carrying German, there's part of this chopped off pistols,
attacked the Branch Divinity and Compound in Waco, Texas.
Years earlier, in January 43, 50 years earlier,
Black uniformed SS at men wearing scuttle helmets
and carrying German-made machine pistols, attacked the Jewish compound
and Warsaw Poland.
The BATF men were searching for illegal weapons,
reportedly paid by a pay informant to be in the Branch Divinity and Compound.
The SS men were searching for illegal weapons,
reported by a paid informant to be in the Warsaw ghetto.
Reports from Texas indicated that Branch Divinity and Skept of Themselves
and Harb No One Outside Their Compound,
prior to the BATF assault, history tells us the Jews kept themselves
and Harb No One Outside the Warsaw ghetto prior to the SS assault.
The U.S. broadcast news media tells us that the Branch Divinity and Practice
contemptible sexual rituals involving young children
so they were an evil religious cult.
Nazi news media told the German populist that the Jews practiced
contemptible sexual rituals involving children
so they were an evil religion.
The BATF and went to the U.S. News media
and documented the BATF assault to show the American public how dangerous the Branch Dividians are.
The SS had propaganda documents, it's documented to assault the German public how dangerous the Jews were.
Four BATF men were killed in 16 wounded in the initial assault on the Branch Divinity and Compound.
11 SS men were killed in an unrequited number wounded in the initial assault on the Warsaw ghetto.
After the initial assault the BATF men magnanimously arranged a true
so children could be evacuated from the Branch Dividian Compound and they could attend their casualties.
After the initial assault the SS men magnanimously arranged a true
so children could be evacuated from the Warsaw ghetto compound and they could attend their casualties.
The BATF called up military units with armored vehicles to finish off the Branch Dividian Compound after
recovering fierce resistance against the initial assault.
The SS called up military units with armored vehicles to finish off the Warsaw ghetto after recovering fierce resistance against the initial assault.
50 years have passed but little has changed.
Wrote a Pistachov-John Diggle the Turb.
How do you like that?
Guess what else I added to the poll for tomorrow?
What's that?
Katrina floods the Gulf Coast.
Okay.
No, you're not impressed by that?
Yeah, yeah.
Do you want to heck up a job, Brownie?
How could you not be impressed by that?
You don't think that's one of the contenders since it happened just so fresh and romantic?
Yeah, it's so recent.
Right.
And here's, and it wasn't just New Orleans that had to put that but it was like the whole Gulf Coast.
But here are cities like totally underwater and people's homes getting washed away.
And you're not impressed by that.
You heartless bastard you.
Girls walking around looking for their moms with mustache?
Right. That's right.
You can always tell which one is Mama because he's got the mustache.
Maybe you think I'm exaggerating about that?
I don't see it.
How could even someone has twisted his knee makeup?
It wasn't just like a little bit of facial hair.
We've all seen women with a little facial hair.
You know, they smeared that neat on there to get...
She wasn't smearing anything.
She had like a mustache.
Even Ernie Kobach would have been embarrassed.
I just can't believe it.
Okay, let's see what we got on today's poll.
Okay, let's take care of our dead chickens today before we start worrying about killing them once for tomorrow.
Don't forget, by the way, kill all the birds they got disease.
And don't be a getting nearer, either.
929 votes.
I turn the show off when New York George talked about.
I never turned off 496.
God, do we love those people, huh?
They're honest, they're loyal.
They're maybe a little naive.
They're bored.
52.2%.
First racing, 96 and hockey, 95.
There are nose to nose, edge, right on edge.
Can you believe how close that battle is?
Wow.
Horse racing and hockey.
Two no-nose on this show.
Battle of the nose.
I'm trying to find like horse racing.
Oh, wait a minute.
Here's the little off your park.
And they're all.
Oh, that one's good.
Good horse.
Hunter's trying.
I don't know it.
Okay.
Politics 40.
You see the juggernaut drop off from the two contenders.
There are two contenders.
All the others are just pretenders.
Politics 40.
Religion 39.
Don't be knocking religion.
You're making fun of our religious place, yes.
Now you got it.
Maybe make you think a little bit about how stupid it is.
All the time and energy and money you're wasting.
Quit with a baloney, okay?
Innocent people are dying.
And you're worrying about Jesus and God.
And who's got the best headgear?
Movie 31.
Music 29.
Fag stuff 29.
Fag stuff like.
Like that.
As soon as they hear that word, they die for that dial.
Radio stuff 25.
You know, like inside.
You know, do you really believe that?
They let the thing they love the most.
They do.
In fact, let's do that pull on whatever day it's going to be Wednesday.
Let's get two days ahead of the pull.
The things that they're most interested in.
You want to say it?
Yeah.
I mean, I won't worry about that.
Whether you know what I'm doing.
I know it's getting inside the building stuff.
They love it.
They do like that.
Especially when they hear that Greg is on the payroll for like 11 more years that he's sucking money out of the beesleaves after all these unbelievable stuff that he's...
I might just document all those things when we come back after the break.
And especially.
But I wouldn't say that was even the worst one.
I mean, right after the Janet Jackson thing when the FCC starts clamping down and he puts for well on the air to say,
all these...
Oh, my... I couldn't believe it.
Nice timing, Greg.
And then if that wasn't bad enough, then we'd be astured to buckle.
Anyway, more Howard David than 18.
They hear that name and they immediately like...
Oh, the top.
I pretty off that.
I think that's just the force I have it.
Food and restaurants, 11, sex 9, the pool, sex and gambling only 5.
They like gambling.
It's a gambling crowd.
By the way, I'll see you at Pompano Park at noon today for the poker room.
I'll be there about a half an hour ago.
The Emerald Coast continues to be Florida's number one Asian gourmet buffet is rated by Zagat Restaurant Review.
And now every Friday through Sunday night you can enjoy lobster fest featuring main lobster served thermatore style.
And every night at the Emerald Coast is crab fest with a laskin' snow crab like a dungeon and a crab and a jolestone crab.
The menu still includes fresh oysters on a half-cell and a sushi bar with over 30 count them.
About 30 men!
Different items.
The Emerald Coast also serves juicy succulent New York sticks just the way you like them and hand-carved frame rib too.
And on the weekends for dessert-leaf room for the Emerald Coast famous 40-inch chocolate fountain.
You can end it if you're on strawberries, marshmallows.
You can stick all kinds of decadent treats in there and they won't say a word.
And don't forget the Emerald Coast for most healthy living cooking all their fine cuisine with only the best ingredients.
Collector Alfreque canola, all no MSG, no cornstarch, no crab, no headaches when you walk out of the Emerald Coast.
Just a big fat satisfied puppet and a smile on your posts.
Look your reservations to one of Emerald Coast's relocations, your fight them in sunrise.
Sonny Al's beach and pepper pines for the Emerald Coast 954-572-3822.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62-a.
Ha!
The Emerald Coast is a very famous and famous restaurant in the United States.
The Emerald Coast is a very famous restaurant in the United States.
The Emerald Coast is a very famous restaurant in the United States.
The Emerald Coast is a very famous restaurant in the United States.
Welcome to a lot for the tension.
What America and I know is better choice.
We don't need another choice, we are playing.
So tell me show us tomorrow.
We'll be sure we'll bring you talents back home.
That's everything in the chance to hear about you.
I found an effort to marry again, I know.
I want you to get a chance to a title.
Want America and I will save their wealth.
Get some again, more some again.
Welcome to a lot for the tension.
We're moving on to the end of the adventure.
We're moving on where you're going and we're going away.
If I was a 13 year old girl, American I would be my whole world.
But that's not me, how about you?
23, 27, 01.
We got both for whoever's supposed to be on between two and four, two and four at the two o'clock.
Anyway, I looked on the, I did a little Google on here.
Yeah.
Great TV moments.
And there's one, the first thing that popped up, the hundred greatest TV moments.
Now a lot of these are like, um, silly-ass stuff like Oprah goes national.
Oh boy, I'm too impressed by that.
Things like that or things that happen on the island of Lucy's show or the honeymooners.
That's not what we're talking about.
The most incredible thing you're ever seen on TV.
So here's what I added.
The JFK assassination in funeral.
Watergate hearings.
Including impeachment hearings.
Princess died death in funeral.
How many votes that's going to get?
Oh, none.
But that's okay.
And Bobby rigs against Billie Jean King.
Remember that?
Yeah.
Before your time.
Yeah.
Which, remember that one we had him playing Billie Jean King and she just beat the start out of him too.
Oh yeah.
Don't remember?
Of course, I see at the time they said it was like a guy playing tennis against a woman.
But little did they realize.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, as speaking of January on the rise in singular wireless lines.
What is the exact question, by the way, because I'm going to put that.
Or the motion to just the most incredible thing you've ever seen on TV.
You're going to pull what?
I get it right.
What do you mean you're going to get it right?
Well, I'm faxing this to Eric.
Why do you have a mind?
I'm type I was going to type it to him.
He asked me what the exact question.
And I was going to tell some of the words.
I don't have to thank this to him.
No.
Okay.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, for the poll, when you feel like it's a holiday and you play those, I guess,
I get spoke a bit relentlessly.
I tune out.
You've lost me.
Oh, and all on all the shows?
Yeah, like you think it's like a holiday and no one plays.
Well, wait a minute.
I think it's like a holiday.
We only do it when it is a holiday.
All right, dad.
I'm working on some of these holidays and I'm driving around.
Well, so on my era, wouldn't be playing those vests.
Yeah, there you go.
Okay.
Thanks, guys.
Okay.
So I'll bid days or however you want to put that.
That's for today's poll, by the way, not for the one.
I'll tell you one thing.
What we're going to do is we're no fools on this show.
We're going to have you folks so confused you will know what the planet you're on.
You won't know whether it's Earth or Uranus.
We're going to be doing like 17 pools all at the same time.
Even we don't know.
Even we won't know what the hell when you're talking about.
Okay.
Well, here's the month for that.
Number four poll for today.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And you also might want to put it on number seven.
It might fit a boat of them.
9.56 on the numbers on that pool.
We're going to have like a thousand plus by the top of the hour.
Aren't we?
Yes, we are.
Of course we started this about 10 o'clock last night.
I switched over.
It's okay.
No, it was okay.
We got to hit star because I don't want to leave that movie thing on there forever.
Because I saw we're not going to get our 3000.
I think 2300 and some of that's our limit.
That's all we got.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
How about that slow speed chase?
That was pretty incredible.
I'm here.
Now, which one?
I mean, the Bronco chase?
The Bronco chase.
We got it.
All right, buddy.
Thanks, pal.
Got it.
You don't think we leave OJ off there doing it?
No way for OJ.
The Bronco chase and we got the OJ trial and the OJ verdict and the...
Now, have you got all the ones that I read off to you or not?
How do I know that you got them?
Yeah.
How do you know?
You want me to read them off?
I'll read them off.
Okay.
I don't want to embarrass you.
The Jack Ruby Shootsley Harvey Oswald.
Live on TV, you know, a lot of these other ones weren't live.
Some of them were.
Challenge your blows up.
Like Reagan said, is that the moment of school teacher?
Yeah, yeah, Ronnie.
Now, go back and put some wood after a shoe polish and your hair get out of here.
Take a nap.
OJ Simpson trial.
OJ Bronco chase.
9-11 attacks.
You got these now?
I got them all.
2000 election count.
Count the vote.
I got to put that.
Early on rescue.
Oh, I was in Amsterdam.
That was also on Saturday morning.
That was just incredible.
They came rushing in there.
And there was the fisherman in the closet.
Boy, I bet you said that was the first time he was in there.
Oklahoma City bombing.
Waco shoot out.
Janet Jackson, booby flap.
Bombing a Baghdad part one.
And of course, is the first Gulf War.
And shock and awe Iraq part two.
Rodney King beating.
The LA riots.
Which ones?
Neil Armstrong walks on the moon.
The Columbia breaks up over Texas.
You got these all?
I got them all.
Katrina floods the Gulf coast.
GFK assassination funeral.
Watergate hearings.
Clinton impeachment hearings.
Princess died.
Death and fuel.
After the JFK assassination, I don't know.
Watergate hearings.
I can take a nice and slow.
I will kill you like 10 minutes.
If I get in real slow.
Watergate, I got it.
Clinton impeachment hearings.
Got it.
That was after he was kissing Monica during that.
She had the beret on the coast.
It's not that sexual relations.
Relations with that woman, Miss Lewinsky.
In fact, what he probably should have said.
Can you imagine anybody doing her?
That would have been good.
That would probably sold it a little bit better.
The worst part was that his nose kept growing.
All during that thing.
Remember when they took his deposition
and his nose was growing like Pinocchio?
Come on, we love bubble.
Okay, so he did a little around a little bit.
Who cares?
When you're married to a bitch like Hillary,
why the hell not?
Princess died.
Death, Slice, funeral.
Got it?
Yeah.
You do?
No, I do.
And Bobby Riggs versus Villagine King.
Now, you know, Haswell-Billy B-I-L-L-L-I-E?
Is it a guy, you know?
Well, how's the guy's spelled?
But not as an as an lady.
It's a lady.
Kind of.
Bobby Riggs versus that big bull-dike Billy Jim King.
There you go.
And the list keeps growing.
I like this one.
Don't you like this pull?
This is good.
It is fine.
And of course, it opens up the avenue
for 50,000 silly things to be called in.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Radio-Cot-A-Cole.
Not there.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Oh, yeah, I got one for your pull.
It's the, when the volume jet crash down here in Miami,
or down in Florida?
Sure.
Okay. And...
Never trust your plan.
It's got a clown on the side, man.
Oh, I never do.
And one more, when I JFK Jr. went missing in the ocean.
Right.
Okay.
And I have a comment about your, about the best of Neil.
When is that going to be hitting the streets, I guess?
Well, you're asking a wrong guy on that.
When is that going to be hitting the streets, Josh?
Oh, well, let you know, sir.
Soon, very soon.
Very soon.
Okay.
Thank you very much.
Thank you for your advance warning.
Thanks a lot, Palli.
Okay, now, what were the two he said, JFK Jr.
playing crash?
Right?
And another?
Palley and crash.
What was that?
I don't know.
I remember the JFK Jr.
You said something to do with the clown.
Oh, the value jet.
Don't you remember that playing crash in the Everglades?
They couldn't even find it, and they went,
right down the Everglades.
So the Vaguja crash in Florida and the JFK Jr.
Which, yeah, with all due respect, I mean, it's a tragedy.
When anybody dies needlessly, but in his particular case,
20 to 1 at QIM.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16 QA.
Time to move in.
Listen to the sound of John Jock, Palley, play.
All due to the scene.
You think of multiple million there like JFK.
Put up for a better play.
Absolutely.
I'm not sure if it's only going to get worse.
When the two of us sound, John Jock, Palley, play.
But it's louder, but it's louder.
Or they go, it's just sounds like John Jock, Palley, play.
But it's louder, but it's louder, but it's louder.
About 46 at 5.60.
Talk about much into about nothing.
Like I said, it's tragic.
I don't think he even had a little JFK in him.
New Mad Cow case found in Alberta.
Watch out for that Canadian meat.
Now they tell me.
Canada's newest case of Mad Cow disease was found in a 6-year-old animal
from central Alberta.
Oh, man, you're all going over there.
I'm going to go over there.
The Canadian Food Inspection Agency confirmed today.
But Dr. Brian Evans was quick to reassure Canadians that no parts
from the crossbreed cow ever entered the human food or animal feed chain.
Watch out for that food chain.
I want to emphasize again that the entire carcass has been contained by the CFIA
and the CFIA and did not enter the food or feed system.
He said the cow showed progressive symptoms of bullwine,
spun different or antifilophabies or BSE.
And was just right after its owner called a veterinarian.
The carcass was sent to a lab in Winnipeg for testing good place for it.
What an Alberta crowd.
Oh, man.
Talk about a bunch of SOT-S cowboys.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound 5, 6, the neighborhood rising in singular wireless.
We got our thousand votes yet on today's pool or what?
9, 93.
Very strict.
Very any?
Did I tell you before the top of the hour?
You did.
Now who's this bozo there besides Bush?
800 soldiers in nearby Port Riley.
Also invited guests.
Once the president begins to speak, we expect him to make some comments on the war on terror.
Oh, great.
The war on terror.
That's right.
It's all about the war on terror.
Safety, safety, safety.
That's right.
Look at that bozo and you think about the war on terror and you think,
holy crap, how the hell are we still alive?
Don't forget it's not the war on terror.
It's not the herbs and the juice.
It's the bushes and it's been live, man.
They got some family business to take care of.
And we're just kind of like cotton.
They are crossfire.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Hi.
Hi, everyone.
Yeah, yeah.
Can I have a one-tier list?
Please do.
Yes.
The Columbine incident.
I thought they overdid that as much.
You thought they overdid it?
Well, no.
I was just sure that it's too much that, you know, given other people ideas, I don't know.
Oh, I see what you're saying.
Columbine shootings, they're certainly deserves to be on air.
But, yeah, I see what she's saying, like, you know, monkey-seeing, monkey-do,
and these little kids, well, I'm being picked on, so I better go to school.
Not a bunch of people, you know, and of course they did.
But how could we have left off the Columbine shootings, especially anybody that saw
boring for Columbine, which we did?
They're for Columbine massacre.
I'm still aggravated about that thing that Hank was sucking on.
You know who that bitch was that wrote the letter to Michael Moore?
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care how good she looks.
Who the hell is this bitch?
This slut, to be picked on her Michael Moore, okay?
One of America's Balsey great heroes that's got their balls to say things that other people don't dare,
because they're going to be sent off to camp.
Anna Benson.
I have no idea who that is.
I know who Harry Benson was.
And Dave Benson, I went to school with.
But Anna Benson, who she married to, Chris Benson.
Pick your own sentence.
Here it is.
Ah, who the meds probably took showers with my piata.
Ooh.
W-D-Q-A-N, hello.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay.
How can we forget Catherine Harris, sort of fine dumbass of selection?
Yeah, but then we already have the 2000, what do we have?
I think we got something.
Oh, when I saw that.
How have I figured out planes?
Did you hear about her plane?
See you in the old state care.
Hi.
You hear about her plane?
Catherine Harris said the plane in Spain falls mainly in Bangor, Maine.
That's what she said.
So if her plane never does crash, I'd stay away from Maine.
5-6-7-0-5-6-6-6-6.
What about Terry and her?
She knew.
What about that?
You don't think that deserves to be on air?
Yeah, yeah, it does.
Definitely.
You talk about milking something.
You know, it was incredible all right, because it went on and on.
And the congress raised back, and the president raised back from vacation.
And they all went screwing back to Washington.
And they had a pass that'd bele.
You know, it was incredible for a lot of people, but somehow I never really cared.
No, and I could care less either, because it was none of our business.
Just like Aion was none of our business.
A private family matter.
But when the media decides that a private family matter is something they can exploit and make hay from,
like the chicken and rubah for granted, it's a missing persons case.
The same with this guy in that cruise ship.
It's a missing persons case.
But the media tells us, oh, you've got to be all whipped up to a frenzy about this.
Tell me to quit screaming.
Oh, I forgot to tell you.
What did you forget to tell me?
Remember, I mentioned something about going to your driver license renewed online.
Yes.
I did.
Again.
Well, what do you mean you went?
You just went online.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know, the state of Florida, for any of you people out there that wonder, first of all,
they find a guy with a hose test.
You know, where they used to stick that hose up your car's rectum tailpipe.
What are that?
No.
You remember the vehicle emission testing?
Never did that to my vehicle.
Get out of here.
I'm just worn out.
I realize you're like a punk, but it isn't that many years that they haven't done it normal.
Well, I've just said it.
Never done it to my car.
But you never heard of it?
I've heard of it, but where we used to have to go and it was a scam.
And all of these Haitian guys, I guess they had to have some kind of work to do, you know,
besides so on baseballs.
And so they had like a whole bunch of Haitian guys standing around.
They would stick this long shoe up your tailpipe.
And you'd have to pass.
You'd have to go and get like a tune up or whatever else.
And come back and I forget how much it used to cost.
It was just a scam.
Of course it was.
But like in other states, they had like real inspection, but a Florida.
Oh, we don't want to be bothered with that.
So that's why you got all these jalapies out there on a highway with bald tires and no brakes and all this other stuff.
And the same with the driver's licenses.
It's a really good combination designed for death.
Death and destruction on the highway, the double D's.
Just like your president there.
Double D's.
Or the lack of them.
Yeah, there you go.
Lack of them.
Yeah.
Double D's, dumb and dangerous, but in this case, death and destruction would be a car.
And now if you guys, you could be like my mother.
The last time she got her driver's license, we knew she was 90 years old and she got a six year renewal in the mail.
No eye test.
No, come down and let us see if you're still alive.
If you still have all your limbs, if you're like rational, if you can, you know, let me hold up my middle finger so you can see it.
Nothing.
Send us the 15 bucks and we'll read you knew your license for whatever, six years, whatever it is.
Yeah, I mean, that's how I do it.
In my picture, I'm like 15.
Yeah.
My picture, I took a one thing.
If I was as young as I'm my picture, man, I'd have about 75 years left.
Well, I mean, what is that?
Only the Florida FNW, man, with your fat ass Florida governor.
Everything, it's not slow, it's not fast, it's half-assed, that's the Florida FNW.
Oh, but we don't want to be wise about it with that inspection.
You know, that's a real nuisance.
Yeah, yeah, right.
God forbid that anybody should like do anything that makes any sense in Florida because people would be alarmed and shocked.
It just wouldn't fit in right.
People would think they woke up when they got lost.
Somebody QAAM, hello?
Hello, Dale?
Yes, sir.
How are you doing today?
I'm fine.
I ride.
I got a couple for your pulley.
Okay.
I got the Pechlevania Miracle Minor Rescue.
That was a great one.
And I have the Dolphins Perfect Season, 1972.
Okay.
Those are great years.
You got it, man.
Thank you, sir.
You're welcome.
Oh, I'll see, Dolphins, that's the football.
We can talk a little football, not too much sports, though.
How come we don't put that on the pool?
When you were a George talk about sports, I guess they wouldn't be George.
Huh?
How about sports for today's pool?
Okay.
Well, we got hockey on there.
But then again, these people think that's just, you know, it's soccer with sticks or something
like that.
Well, look at that.
Horse racing and hockey.
We've got 100 votes of peace.
Are you impressed or what?
Is that exciting?
Or what?
Or what?
Out of a 2019, we tap that thousand mark.
I turn to show off when Neil or George talk about, I never turn off 539.
53%.
I'll ride.
Horse racing and hockey 100 to peace.
In fact, that's the average age of people that go to horse racing is 100.
And hockey, that's how many hockey fans we got in South Florida is about 100.
Politics is 44.
And by the way, let me say it again.
Alan Cohen and all the other people with the organization, you can keep making up all the
attendance numbers you want.
But I'm going to tell you right now, if you don't resign Oli Jokinin, in that case,
Roberto L'Avongo, ain't going to sign at all.
I ain't going to want to stay there.
And you're going to lose both of them.
And that's all you got.
Oh, there he goes with that hockey again.
How long do you think it's 44?
Why are you afraid?
I said, those are the only two panthers I know.
Who's that?
Oli Jokinin and Roberto L'Avongo.
You don't know Joe Jay Bollmister?
No, I didn't.
Don't know Steven Weiss.
Oh, yeah.
Nathan Horton.
How about Tim Horton and his donuts?
You know Tim Horton?
A politics 44, religion 42, movies 33, fag stuff 33.
All us rich guys out here.
What do I want to hear all that factory?
All that body wash crap.
You want to see all the flavors of body wash I got now?
You even got to make me a little bit more manly?
I got Adidas.
Yeah.
Old Spice, I won't touch it.
And with your hand, I wouldn't touch it.
It's very slimy.
What, old Spice?
Yes.
Are you got old Spice?
No, I said it's very slimy.
I don't have you know then, if you haven't too.
But, old Spice is just slimy, man.
Well, how do you know if you didn't get it?
Because when you told me to try body wash, that was the first one I tried.
Oh, I see.
Sorry.
I'm using 32.
Moe Howard David has got 30 minutes.
Which I think was about his audience and those last two trends with a 1.1.
That was disgraceful.
Radio stuff 29, food and restaurants 12, sex 9, a pool 8, all bit days 5.
We don't want to hear that.
We want to hear verbal intercourse, gambling 5 and sports so far has got the big goal.
Is what it's got.
By the way, as far as the big goal from 2 to 4?
This is Neil Roger.
No.
This is 5.16 Q.A.S.
We got out and just got the rail.
We're in a mouth and mouth and take a slap and all women with painted lips around the pool.
I listened to the Neil Rogers 1 to 2.
I mean, I listened to the Neil Rogers here in balance 1 to 2 hours.
The hard-stopping action continues with a new season of 24 unfox.
Rhinogaine CTU agent Jack Bauer is called back to action.
Thank you Bauer, it's CTU, we need you.
Oh crap, now watch it.
A group of terrorists are planning to assassinate the president by launching a nuclear warhead into Washington DC
while releasing a toxic nerve gas that melts people's faces.
That's it.
Yeah.
Is there anyone else you guys can call shape the world?
I mean, haven't I been through enough?
My wife's been murdered?
My daughter's been caught in a bear trap.
My girlfriend dumped me and my entire body's been beaten with an inch of its life.
There's more bad news.
Now what?
Your third cousin's best friend's college roommate was kidnapped by the terrorists.
No!
24 is back unfox.
Will there be even double agents involved?
Yes.
How about satellite tracking devices?
Yes.
Flaker protocol violations.
Yes.
How about mortally wounded dogs who whispered cryptic information before losing consciousness?
Of course!
Well, can you leak it rid of that annoying thinking clock?
No!
It's 24 with the annoying clock.
One day's unfox.
Unfox.
You ever see that show?
No.
And I haven't either.
Thank God.
101 at 5.60 W.A.M.
My mind.
I knew that at times people would say...
Yeah.
Abu Ghar.
Mark Crispin Miller writes in this scoop, Why won't the media touch my book?
Bush Chani stole her reelection in 2004.
They stole her not just in Ohio, but all throughout the USA, from coast to coast.
They stole her not by using any single plug, but through a stealthy combination of computerized vote theft, bureaucratic monkey business, systematic shortages of viable equipment, and all-fashioned dirty tricks, including rampant bullying, disinformation and obstructionism.
Such file play was not apparent on both sides in the 2004 election, but was committed mainly by the Bush Republicans.
The evidence is both a bum and precise, and it's all here in the book fooled again.
The second heist of the White House is one of the great untold stories of our time, even though it was largely carried out in plain sight.
Miller performs this simple but increasingly rare act of journalism, and gathers a mountain of overwhelming evidence from publicly available material.
There's no conspiracy theory, and the theory sticks together from anonymous sources, strained inferences and darky new window, but a solid case based on official records, swung testimony, eyewitness accounts, news reports, and the Bush people's own words.
Those words were published in an excellent review of fool again that will come out tomorrow in Moscow and St. Petersburg.
Also tomorrow, a number of websites that will be posting a review of fool again by Paul Craig Roberts, who was assistant treasury secretary on the Ronald Reagan.
A genuine conservative Robertson is unafraid to read the evidence and face reality.
Miller describes considerably more election fraud than voting machines programmed to count a proportion of Kerry votes as Bush votes, voters who are disenfranchised in a number of ways.
Miller reports instances of intimidation of the reduced voting opportunities for poorer voters who tend to vote democratic.
The outcome of the 2004 presidential election is always struck me a strange, although Kerry was a poor candidate and evaded the issue most on the public's mind,
by November of 2004, majority of Americans were aware that Bush had led the country into a gratuitous war on the basis either of incompetence or deception.
By November of 2004, it was completely clear that Saddam Hussein had no weapons of mass destruction and Bush had rushed to war.
That part of the stir we had in another one on Friday.
Roberts, a former associate editor of the Wall Street Journal and former contributing editor for national review,
includes with a warning that the founding fathers would appreciate.
Miller directs our attention to Bush's high-handed treatment of dissenters.
If electronic voting machines programmed by private Republican firms remain in our future,
dissent will become pointless until it unless it boils over into revolution.
Power-mad Republicans need to consider the result when democracy loses its legitimacy and only the rich of anything to lose.
Despite its wealth of evidence, meticulously documented in 57 pages of detailed end notes,
and despite the standing of its author, Miller is an NYU professor with a solid global reputation,
fooled again has been pointedly ignored by the national media. There have been no national reviews of fooled again.
No network or cable TV show would have the author run to talk about the book.
NPR is refused to have Monde, even shows that Miller's appeared on in the past and more than once,
like the connection on the media talk of the nation, it refused to lie to Monde to talk about this book.
Only one daily newspaper, the Sun Sentinel, has published a review.
W-D-H-Y-Y, the NPR affiliate in Philadelphia, recently refused a broadcast, paid ads for the book,
offering several different and unlikely explanations.
Aside from C-Span, Air, America, and Pacifica, no national media would have the author run to tell his fellow citizens about his findings.
Those few reviews of fooled again have appeared remotely positive.
Publishers Weekly, Curkest Reviews, Library Journal, the Sun Sentinel, the Chicago Reader, the Baltimore Chronicle,
other publications of all stress the book's importance and the soundness of its evidence.
Filled again is certainly the only book in history to be highly praised by both a Christian century and Hustle magazine.
In short, the media would seem to have varied for over again, not because of any weakness in the book itself, but for political reasons above all.
Right now, the very soul of our democracy is at unprecedented risk.
The president is openly contemptuous of the very system that the founding fathers put in place.
He seeks to rule regardless of what Congress and the people want.
There's all he can to silence the free press, has recklessly subjected millions of Americans to government surveillance,
and demands the right to bomb in torture for other peoples as the spirit moves him.
And all of this goes on with a little protest from the Democratic Party, which now behaves not likely to take you out of composition,
the Murray is a bunch of bystanders afraid to speak out loud and clear against the Bush administration on American activities.
At this moment it is crucial that we openly discuss the likelihood that this administration was not truly reelected in 2004,
any more than was properly elected in 2000.
That national debate must take place now so that the people understand that democracy has been subverted,
and even more important so we can talk to begin to talk about electoral reform in these United States as soon as possible.
The crucial Democratic conversation won't take place until the scandal of the last election finally resonates,
and that's what impelled Mark Kristen Miller to write fooled again.
His fellow citizens deserve no less than to be told what's in this deeply edifying book.
You got to go out and get it now.
Fooled again, I'm going to go out and get today.
Do it.
Fooled again, take it, fooled.
How was that go?
Fooled again, take it, fooled again.
Can't get fooled again.
Can't get fooled again.
Can't send nobody to...
I broke my record.
Can't get beaten again, can't get elected again, said all these things.
A lot of the...
Oh, he was about to tell that joke there.
Yeah, fool me once.
Look at that phone, baby.
I think Kristen and Mark Kristen Miller just put them into a coma.
They don't care about that stuff.
They want to hear about horse racing and hockey, baby.
Three horse and a fourth race.
Plunge your guts out.
Plunge your lungs.
Step right up there, send it in, man.
1049 votes on today's pool.
Not to be confused with them for Friday.
I mean, next Friday.
I turn this year off when Neil or George talk about it.
I never turned about a 553, 52 points.
How about when Neil reads...
That...
That...
How about that?
That I'm there?
Why...
What do you mean do I want it on here?
Why would I say it if I didn't want it?
Who did moral for this pool?
Moral?
Why would I want that on there?
I want honest answer.
I'm going to write these people live.
52.5% never heard of.
Out of 1062.
52.5% whatever it is.
Talking 102 horse racing 100 up.
That old for the ages.
Those two neck and neck.
Knows to know.
Just like Alan, Aaron, Affirm.
Oh, sorry.
Politics 45.
Religion 44.
Fag stuff 34.
Movies 33.
Mohawar David and Music are tied 32-piece.
How about Mohawar David and Music?
Radio stuff 49.
Food and restaurants 14.
All bit days 10.
Sex 9.
The pool 8.
Gambling 6 and sports.
Solamente Uno.
Fogs to a sports chart.
I'll make clear it's happy.
If I just put the stories...
That makes sense.
No.
No, not the stories.
I mean, Neil or George...
No.
What do you want me to say?
Neil reads bedtime stories.
It doesn't make sense.
I turn this show off when Neil or George talk about...
Oh, I see.
I just need those bedtime stories.
They'll get it.
Look, don't start striving for perfection.
Don't you know where you work now?
They're rushing to be standing on the door there.
The Greg put up.
Strived from mediocrity.
And by the way, nice work there, Greg.
Man, you really did it.
Mr. and I left it.
A Humpty Dumpty Promotions.
Fantastic.
Well, I'm not too satisfied.
And I'm intrigued by this idea.
And I'm intrigued by, tell it very jackass.
Yeah.
Hmm.
What a guy.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Dale.
Yes, sir.
What's going on?
How you doing?
I caught that imaginary hero.
He'll be recommended.
And?
I lost it.
I give it a sentence.
What's wrong with that?
I like this.
It's having a pretty good time.
Yeah, I agree.
Okay.
I had a question.
So when the little kid had a...
The neighbor.
It was met at half-brought it.
Yeah, kind of.
He wasn't aware of that though, yeah.
Yeah, okay.
That's right.
You know something.
I never thought about that, but you're right.
Yeah, that's...
I was thought about it.
Yeah, okay.
One of the little kids running down now.
Oh, I think so.
Yeah, he hasn't thought about that.
Yeah, but when he does, yeah.
I got a little recommendation for you.
It's called Second Hand Lion.
Okay.
Have you heard of it?
Never heard of it.
Second hand Lion?
Second hand Lion.
It's what the...
Robert DeVolme, Michael Kane.
Really good.
Check it out.
Yeah.
Okay, we'll do.
Did you see sleepers?
Long time ago.
You didn't like them?
That is pretty good.
It was pretty good.
All right.
I had to help tonight.
Okay.
Yeah.
This guy's difficult, you know.
By the way, speaking of George's movie, I don't know.
This is the first time I've ever had...
It's probably good that he's sick today.
I mean, not...
You know, not the way that sounds.
Oh, he deserves it.
What do you mean?
No, because Amazon.com...
I've never had problems with them delivering stuff in this untimely way.
But the order went in on the 10th of January.
And it was supposed to be the deliver between January 17 and 19.
And you're probably not checking the mail at ACF's Georgia stuff show up.
But I'm sure it's not because it's just as entranced.
Hmm.
You know, in that little bit slow.
Yeah, a little bit.
From the 10th of January, today's the 23rd.
Amazon.com.
It's not that it was backorder or something, because it was...
It was shipped out.
Ood.
But for some strange reason, the pony must be going real slow.
Probably because the price of stamps is so such a bargain now.
WDQAM.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got one for the poll.
Okay.
When President Reagan was shot.
Right.
There you go, Ronnie Reagan.
John Hinckley.
Hinckley.
They're sending Hinckley out to see funny movies on the weekends now.
That's great.
That's time for Bonzo.
Yeah.
In that unbelievable, there's letting him turn them loose.
Oh, he can provide so much to the community.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, Sally.
Reagan gets shot.
You got it?
Got it?
Reagan be trying to...
Jim Brady, by the way, still ain't doing all that great.
He's not having a great life.
But John Hinckley, well, he was misunderstood.
He never sold a freight train.
He, uh, whatever, you know?
This business would adjust this system that coddles people.
How many people do you think are dead today?
Because we got a horse ball justice system that takes slime balls
and puts them back out on the streets.
Of course, we got to make room for all of them drug dealers, you know?
Speaking of that, how come we never heard any follow-up on the police chief's
chief Timothy?
How come we never heard no follow-up on his son in the 80 trillion pounds of potty?
He was trying to pedal?
Because he probably got off.
Well, we didn't want to get into that.
No, no, seriously.
What is that?
How come here's a scandal if there ever was one?
The chief of police of a major crime-bidden American city.
And it wasn't...
I really forget what the number was.
Do you have any idea how much it was?
It was like many, so...
Four hundred pounds.
Four hundred pounds, even Fat Boy doesn't weigh that much close.
But it's a matter of fact, in vision right now, if you will,
Fat Boy filled with marriage and weenie, okay?
From head to toe.
Georgia probably light them on fire.
Ooh, what a thought.
Don't you imagine that?
Four hundred pounds of pot.
We're not talking about a couple of ounces.
We're not talking about even a pound, a couple of pin joints.
We're talking about four hundred pounds.
And we never heard another word about it.
Did you?
We did, I miss a baby?
No, that was it.
Sweep it under the carpet just like everything else.
One-thirteen to five sixty-watt EQM if you're in a dead end job,
if you're underpaid, if you're new years' resolution,
it's to get yourself a life in a high-paying career
that'll make that possible for you.
Act now.
Pick up the phone and call Fast Train at 866 Fast Train.
They'll get you trained already for a new high-paying career
just a few short months.
That's correct.
You can get a new high-paying career in just a few short months
out of your life.
The demand for medical coding specialists and computer professionals
right now is at an all-time high.
And Fast Train offers convenient day evening and weekend classes for you.
They offer you a job placement assistance and financial aid
for people to qualify too.
So pick up that phone and change your life.
Get out of that dead end job.
Head your boss to Shubbot.
Call 866 Fast Train.
They placed over a hundred people like you in 2005.
Check Fast Train on the web at fasttrained.com.
But you better do it now because classes are filling up really fast.
Don't miss out on that train of opportunity this year.
Make your new year's resolution reality for once and for all
and get yourself a life and a big fat paycheck that goes along with it.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
And be sure and tell them, don't forget Todd Greck told you to call.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16 QA.
A bet you have to know it.
Read the system.
Now I'm out.
Pat my pizza and show it to my record page.
Now you can't take home around the home.
All that makes God my best owner.
The best years of what remains of my life I can't turn his place.
Just for all time I think of going hell to views of the bushy and pertinent rule.
I've had enough for you, record guy.
Not you just as those days like I.
You've got to show me what they did.
I know you've done a fair home barbell play from here.
I'll hand my kids back in for the car that I drove on time.
I know who my orifice and clean out my desk.
That is the fire we have in order to store it down as left up to both girls.
But who the potholes and watch those novels come offend me with the truth.
I wonder if waiting for the bird to help this way when he got time to now for a day.
I'm here to let you sport home with the best of me.
Bye bye bye!
Twenty after one at QIM.
Boy do we miss him or what huh?
Like somebody cuts out a gigantic tumor.
Anyway, that's a bad news for you Blackberry folks out there which I'm sure you don't have on.
No but you do.
I do.
The Supreme Court today turned out a request review of major patent infringement run against the maker of the Blackberry email device.
In my comment to that is.
Oh my god!
Of course this is in the USA.
The move takes away yet another barrier between Blackberry users and service interruptions are more than four million Blackberry users.
Research and motion RIM had petitioned the Supreme Court to review a federal appeals court ruling that could lead to a shutdown of most US Blackberry sales and service that's in the USA.
The legal issue confronting RIM goes back five years.
In 2001 NTP a patent holding company filed a suit against RIM claiming that Blackberry infringed on his patents.
In 2002 a jury found in favor of NTP awarded the company 23.1 million damages.
In 2003 a district judge increased the damages to 210 million and issued an injunction against RIM.
That injunction was stayed however pending appeal and an appeals court sided with the district court.
In 2005 RIM and NTP reached a tentative $450 million settlement but the deal fell apart.
RIM wants the lower court to enforce the agreement.
The Supreme Court's decision not to review the case doesn't vote well for RIM according to Ken Weitzman, a partner legal firm Chadborne and Park in New York.
If the Supreme Court had heard the case and said there was a legal basis for a return of appeals court judgment it could have prevented a possible injunction.
NTP is scheduled to file a request for an injunction with the US district court for the Eastern District of Virginia on February 1.
Although the district court judge will rule that request hasn't set a timetable on what respect the decision.
So will likely be an injunction the question is what the scope of the injunction will be Weitzman said.
An injunction could force RIM to shut down the BlackBerry system potentially affecting most of RIM's approximately 4.3 million subscriber account base.
NTP has said an injunction would not affect BlackBerry products used by US federal state or local governments.
How do you like that?
So if it's the government then they can do whatever they want.
But if it's the rest of us peons who use that thing religiously day in and day out, screw you guys.
How do you like that?
You don't have to get yourself a better one.
Well what would that be?
Oh there's stuff out there better than the BlackBerry.
Like why?
Well you don't even have a camera right?
I don't want a camera what I want a camera for.
I'm just some kind of a lawyer who wants a camera.
Not just an academic you know coming you.
Yeah if I had a camera I could like shoot you some pictures of the studio here.
There you go see.
And even through an occasional picture of my account.
Yeah whatever roll them up on the website.
There you go.
So what do I want to get one of those full camera phones with the emailing and.
You can get everything you got with the BlackBerry.
You do the SMS, the instant messaging.
Sure.
So what's all the way you need my BlackBerry for?
That's what I'm saying.
Well we'll see.
Say what you're standing on down here.
You're standing on down there for one.
And what are you going to do with it when they cut off the service huh?
No.
Keep it as a souvenir.
Take my right here.
There you go just keep looking at it.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Oh here's a good story.
Talk about American trailer transporter.
There is so much trailer trash.
Oh brother.
Woman jailed for leaving kids to go see Jerry Springer.
Now classy move.
I'm sorry.
What was that?
Woman jailed for leaving her kids to go see Jerry Springer.
Well you got to get your priorities right man.
We need Illinois.
A woman got a 30 day.
Jail sends for leaving her three young children home alone for several hours.
While she and her boyfriend attended a video taping of the Jerry Springer show.
Shannon Cook, 25, played a guillotine earlier this week to miss the meter child in the
major.
She was also placed on probation for a year.
It was an appropriate sentence given what she did said to page County assistant states attorney Joseph
Ruggero, Rogers and Italian.
Ruggero, aren't you impressed?
The two girls and one boy all under the age of four have been placed in foster homes by the Illinois Department of the DCF.
Police said cook left the children alone in a suburban home October 19.
While she and her boyfriend went to Chicago for the taping about five hours later.
The two oldest knocked on the door of a neighbor who called the police.
Cook was arrested when she returned home after midnight.
Remember that song after midnight?
Well it was after midnight when they got home.
According to a police report she said, I didn't think I'd be gone at law.
Oh my god.
First sterilization.
The two words, the only two words that can save the human race.
First sterilization.
There's nothing proof of it by the way.
They were called into action.
Yeah, there you go.
Maybe they were called into action to go see the jury's spring show.
Maybe the Lord said a message.
Maybe call them on the back phone and send them to the back room.
So you know, jury's spring is one of those things.
If you watch it once it's very amusing and it's you know you realize what it is and that's fine.
I would agree.
I would say anybody that watches the second time, okay.
Get the butterfly net.
1991 votes.
I turn the show off when Neil or George talk about.
How about soap operas?
Not George, but I occasionally make a reference passion, guiding light, something like that.
All of these things.
By the way, where the hell is Philip?
And why have they taken Wednesdays and turned it into a like turn it off day on guiding light?
Lunatics.
You still watching that passion thing?
I record them both every day but I find myself once a week I watch passions because you don't have to watch it every day.
Because nothing ever happens.
I think Alistair is still alive.
That was good though when a guy called in Luis Lopez Fitzgerald, that was good for the best the most important death of last year.
I turn the show off when Neil or George talk about.
I never turned off 570 out of a thousand 91 52.2%.
That's that loyal audience.
Thank God for them.
If we could only clone them.
Hockey 103 horse racing 101.
You ever take hockey 103?
Then you know who Tim Horton was.
And Johnny Bauer and Papa Bauer.
Politics 49, religion 45, Fag Stuff 38.
Enough of the Faggery already, okay?
Movies 34, more Howard Divided into 32.
Music 32, Radio Stuff.
Fog Third Man.
All bit days 15.
All the bits all the time.
They want to hear our voices.
They want to hear those stupid ass bits.
Food and restaurants 14, sex 9.
Who do I want to hear about that?
The pool 8, gambling 6, meals bedtime stories 3, and sports, so let me take trace.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is a radio channel 4 coming by the way.
I'm American Idol, Extreme Edition.
I am the executioner.
Just gave my love.
I am very, very humane about it.
Take a look at me now.
I'm home and like this.
Okay, she's horrible.
I don't know, no, no, no!
American Idol, Extreme Edition.
No!
That is what you deserve.
I might watch that one and say blow away the bad singers at the end of the show.
Does anybody want to say that?
Yeah, that'd be good.
Like William Hung, hey Billy, 131 Akuma.
A new program to speed travelers through Airports Security may require passengers
to agree to a check of their personal and financial records that the TSA says.
The TSA said it will require in-depth security background checks that may involve using commercial data
for people applying to the registered traveler program in St. June.
The special help verified people's identities to prove they've got no ties to terrorism.
Commercial databases hold personal information from credit reports, property records,
shopping history, and other records.
TSA chief, keep all of these sets of data, can be useful in flagging terrorists
to often alter peer and most U.S. commercial lists.
Business Travel Coalition Chairman Kevin Mitchell said the databases are notoriously inaccurate
and could mistakenly label somebody a terrorist.
It raises a huge liability issue, said Mitchell, who supports registered traveler.
The program will create reserve lanes for people who pass the background check and pay an annual fee
expected to be 80-100 bucks, security requirements such as removing jackets and jewels will be lifted
as the proof passengers go through metal detectors.
They just fly right on through.
Bill Conner's executive director of the National Business Travel Association said some travelers are concerned.
If you start asking for too much personal information, it's not worth it to me anymore, said Conner's
another supporter of registered traveler.
Conner is barred the TSA from using commercial data on airline passengers.
After government probe criticized the agency last year for improperly storing 100 million records on travelers
when it said that no data storage would occur.
Well, they lied, you know? They lied.
Speaking of liars.
At the country?
Yeah.
The TSA's demand doesn't apply to registered traveler because the program is voluntary and the background checks
will be done by companies in an airport.
It will be the company that determines whether applicants pose a terrorist threat.
TSA spokeswoman Amy Von Walters said, oh, Von Walters.
Sounds like a German name, don't it?
Like Eva von Brown.
Eric von, whatever is Brown.
Nine.
Ten.
The TSA would approve background check programs.
Hollywood, the TSA, she said, a background check must give a high-do-be-a-confidence and individuals not a terrorist using commercial data as one avenue.
Another one is like a second avenue down there by the train tracks.
A company running the only registered traveler program that were land of international or for recently experimented with giving applicants quizzes generated by commercial data
to authenticate their identity.
However, the quizzes ask questions that we do too difficult, such as what year is it?
Such as the year somebody received their social security number or so easy that a terrorist could pass the quiz.
I don't have any idea what year I got my social security number.
What kind of a quiz is that?
Huh?
I'm out of I know.
Or a question so easy that a terrorist could easily pass the quiz and be having anybody.
I'm more of the same type.
Be afraid.
That whole deal, you know, everybody where a terrorist are going to get us...
Be afraid.
Be very afraid.
They're right on their doorstep right now.
They're going to...
You guys are going to get some of those safety, safety, safety.
That's why we got to stick with your Republicans, man.
We won't have any freedoms left and there won't be anything to be safe from anymore.
But safety, safety.
God, what a polar crap.
And of course, being so many stupid people out there.
Like people are going to see that you're a springer show and leave their two or three little kids at home until midnight.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16.
And that's something that's too old for the kids.
I had to go knock on a neighbor's door like there ain't nobody here.
What's going on over here?
Isn't that something?
That's something.
Pathetic.
W-Q-A-M. Hello.
Q-A-M. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Once I was a polar of the shocking TV moment.
Right.
I remember back in the 80s, there was a show.
I don't remember the cable channel, but it was called Hot Properties.
I think Richard Belzer was on it.
Right.
And he got knocked out by this wrestler guy and they had to go up to commercials or something.
That was pretty shocking to me.
And then Haraldor got punched in the nose that one time too on the other side.
That's right with the chair.
Right.
I'll give you the talent.
Thank you.
I don't have any real flaws to the enemy.
We can put him on there if you wanted.
It all depends on just how lazy I mean how energetic you feel.
No, I'm good.
My fingers hurt.
Oh.
Haraldor gets punched in the nose.
And then Richard Bay.
Hey, was it Richard Belzer?
I'm not really sure.
Richard Bay had a good show, man.
I don't know why that went off the air.
And WOR.
Remember that?
No.
He had a segment.
I think it was once a week.
Yeah, a segment of the show where he had like these almost naked people.
Oh, brother.
That was really something.
Maybe that's why they took it off.
It was too entertaining.
Too much eye candy, as they say.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6
Yeah, he's in, now he says he'd done bad, yeah, he's all apologetic now. Yeah, and another thing Sunday I saw, I was watching the today show and they had two people from, you know, have lots of other members of 9-11,
because there were victims, all those people in 9-11, but you know, I wish they also mentioned that, you know,
is the Bush administration doing enough to combat terrorism, and here, you know, we performed a terror attack
by killing all these people in Pakistan recently. You understand?
Well, it's the biggest pain in the ass that collateral damage, man, or that collateral damage.
Right, collateral damage, and it would have been nice if one of them was in the aisle.
Well, and it got fired, we don't want to hurt any innocent pain in the ass of bystanders.
Yeah, it would have been nice if they would acknowledge that, they were innocent just like their family, remember?
We don't acknowledge that anymore, we acknowledge all the Iraqi people, and then women and little kids that are getting butchered,
because of the fact that we're occupying the country.
Right, now, another example, okay, thanks, you know.
Thanks, pal. Well, the Americans don't care about these things, okay, they care about the fact that Bush looks like one of them,
like that, you know, not educated like, or crooked as it is long, things like that.
Do you, that every person matters?
Yeah, right, there you go. Except there was a don't vote our way, you know, like the people in New York,
and the dark folks, and then fags, and Jews, and stuff like that.
Except the Jews that happen to be the Neocons, we like those Jews. Those are the Jews we choose.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound, 5, 6, the only Verizon, and singular wireless font.
Well, the Sun is shining, it's a beautiful day, man.
And two nights of it, we sit in here talking up the store, and I have to be out in it, you know.
Look at that. It's plus three already. It's 38, in fact, we only got a couple days in predicting this week,
a minus like 30, you know, 28.
That doesn't say anything, such thing is global warming, and I'll say it again,
nice Friday, Toronto, all time record time for that date, whatever the date was.
What was Friday? The 20th? Yeah.
54 degrees. 54 degrees on the 20th of January.
You can find a Flake of Snow if somebody put an oozie up your butt and said, find me one, you can do it.
There's no snow. It's just a minute. Not that I'm complaining, you understand.
It's real pleasant, but of course, when it gets to be about 140 in the middle of July,
that will be saying, well, wait a minute, there's something wrong over here.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, what's up, Bill? Yes, sir. How you doing?
Hey, what I'm playing? How you doing? When I'm playing my NS show game, it says you've got to accept the fight in the game.
But in real life, you don't accept the fight. And real hockey, they just play it.
I mean, that's kind of weird, isn't it, huh?
No.
Yeah. Oh, that was good. When it was perfect.
We love the pants, sir. Uh-oh.
Abougarra. There you go. Let's get back to the important crap.
Let's talk a little hockey and horse racing. Okay, and then some homo stuff. The three H's.
Remember the 4-H club? We got three of my NS show.
Hockey horse racing and homo stuff.
WQAM, hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Oh, hey, this is your good friend, Sats here.
How come you're crawling on this line?
Well, I don't know.
Well, you don't have the bat line?
Oh, you know what happened, my whole phone exploded and took all my numbers with it, including the bat line.
I'll be damned. Yeah. Hey, listen to that.
Listen, before you say anything else, thank you.
I want to thank you personally for that. The standing in the shadows of Motown.
Man, that thing I do. I've watched it maybe six times already.
Oh, I think that great.
It is the best. You know, we were watching that.
And I said to the helmet, you know how to send it up the meal.
She said, oh, he probably won't like it because of all the cover versions of the Motown shows.
No, get out of here. That was the best part of it.
I know. I thought they were terrific.
Boy, by the way, you're bringing home the bacon. I'll tell you that because we're the comment like that.
I'd gripper and ass. But anyway.
Yeah, I'll go along with all that.
I was president of first part.
Yeah.
You know, I just came in the house here and I heard you say about the weird things you've seen on television.
Yeah.
And you might remember this.
And I don't remember it all that well.
But this was in Sarasota.
Do you remember the girl up there on Channel 40 who were braised out on the air?
Yes. And Sarasota, that's right. I remember talking.
Yeah, I didn't see it, but I remember talking about it on the air.
Well, I thought.
You saw it?
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
I do it. Did you like stick the gun in your mouth?
Well, you know, I was in the bathroom shaving and I came out.
And about 30 seconds after I walked out, and I was kind of washing it in.
Yeah.
And she just kind of reached out, picked up a gun, held it up to her head, and by the wing.
All right.
I don't even know what they had been talking about.
Yeah.
Because well, I was in the bathroom like I said, shaving and listening to Jack Harris.
Well, she probably watched Network when, oh, listen to Jack Harris, that would do it for me.
Yeah, I know.
On Channel A, I remember those days where we are.
Oh, where are we?
Yeah, I know.
So you actually saw it?
Yeah.
And what did they do after?
What all happened?
You know, there was about 10 seconds where they, nothing happened.
And then the black.
So on other words, they were 10 seconds and we saw the aftermath.
She just slumped over like the blood was, she racking out of her head.
She just kind of fell back behind the desk.
Yeah.
And that was it.
Holy crap.
You know what?
I don't remember her name, and I had met her about two weeks previous.
Oh, no wonder she did it.
No.
But she was introduced to me up in Britain, and at the Pirates Training Camp.
Right.
And she seemed like a pretty nice person.
I, you know, I only maybe talked to her for a few minutes.
You are a killer man.
Oh, yeah.
I always said, hey, listen, take care of yourself, amigo.
Okay, man, here's real quick.
There's another DVD thing for you.
Who are these guys about the in-run deal?
Okay.
Check that out.
If you see that in your favorite score, buy that.
We'll do it.
Thanks, son.
Okay.
How do you like that?
Is that incredible or what?
Call for the race.
You're going to ask your blower brains out on the year.
I don't know how you want to say that.
It's going to be a little long, but we got to get that on it.
Okay.
And we just had a guy who saw it.
Suds Coleman saw it.
No wonder he acts that way.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5'16".
I am a man of hell with color.
Look at him.
Who sounds like a moron.
Yes and not.
Every time he sees me.
It's the way God wants it.
He wants to take a city and cover it in sweeten.
Renate again.
Renate again.
Renate again.
Renate again.
Renate again.
Renate again.
Cause he wants to make new or leaves.
He's smooth.
And I don't care what people are saying.
He's like a sissy Jackson.
We have black people.
His comments are bizarre.
Surely God is mad.
He compares the locals to a willy-wonka fox.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
If God wants to come together.
If God wants to rebuild a New Orleans.
The one that should be.
Uptown.
All the way ever they are.
This city will be chocolate.
A chocolate in the walls.
He never takes the blame.
For anything he says.
Chocolate.
That's the end of the day.
That chocolate in some coffee.
And a cup of wine.
All there is.
Renate again.
Renate again.
No I can't.
Renate again.
Cause he wants to make new or leaves.
He's smooth.
You can't have New Orleans.
No other way.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
He wants to make new or leaves.
Radio stuff 31.
All bit days 29.
I guess we got no more of those.
Food and restaurants 15.
Sex 10.
The pull 8.
Sports 7.
Gamblings 7.
And Neal's bedtime stories.
Damn it.
Soldiment they trade.
This is Neal Rogers.
Starts 3.
Radio is 1.
The Q4.
QL.
Absolutely.
He can't play.
Better have the food to sing.
He can't play.
You really know the sound from retirement.
It is time to pay for all your crimes.
And pretty as soon you will be serving hard times.
He can't play.
He food in wrong in the rid.
He can't play.
Food of reason for a while.
Taxes he didn't pay.
Income you just didn't pay.
He's no fillions from your employees.
And now you're going to the panitessories.
Staying J.
Until you're there.
Absolutely.
Bye bye bye.
