Good California to Mexico
Arizona and New Mexico
And since your order rings takes to go
You can grow in Texas too
You can't use a name, many will not breathe anymore
I'm so afraid of attack
But Mexico is not salty, fact
No bombing beaters, but they might instead
Throw 30 sneakers at your head
Watch your health catch your health catch their attack
Just so they're not just
They only threat that I can see
We got real problems, serious problems
But no one takes that to the streets
You give me a jet of load, Dots
You give me a jet of load, Dots night after night
With your report on a boypeynut rifle
Get back to talking to China
Nobody could have done a fine job
I don't buy food, you want you to buy
For skies
I don't do a good buy
Do do do do do do do do do do do
Guys, take a break
It's a 10 a 1 at 5 60 WQI
I'm happy Thursday April 6
No crossover today, the Humphors off to do the wood
I mean the wood memorial
The wood?
Okay
The big horse race tomorrow at Saturday
Whatever the hell it is up in New York
The wood memorial
You better get with it mister
If you're going to be around on a sports stage
You better start learning your sports
Let's start in a little by little
Yeah, so I know what it's called the hoops
Fomming near in a job shrine kills 10
Here's some more good news from Iraq
A car bomb detonated to the inner of the Imam Ali Shrine
In the job zones and people wanting 39 more
Air every single day
It's just massive bloodshed and nobody cares
Because the public's really
They're busy they're occupied with important crap
All around the world they got they got bigger fish to fry
It's like all those people with their Mexican flags
Oh God
The blasted place in Tauedai Square
On a road leading to a cemetery in the
South Central Iraqi city of Vashdam Shiite Islam
Police are on alert have imposed the citywide curfew
A car bomb killed more than 120 people near the mosque
In August of 2003
Anyway, it's just every single day bodies all over the place
And body parts and blood and stuff
Chaos
But other than that things are going extremely well
Oh, we're fine in Iraq
Fahrenheit night 11 was on my cable again last night
And I couldn't I watched about an hour but again
Even though it seemed about 50 times already
Couldn't shut it off and I wondered myself
How could anybody watch that without just being
Without having blood dripping from their lip
I mean just wild
I guess it America's easy
Public propaganda you know I guess an America's easy to do that when you just don't give it in
Like like that bit said if there were if there was many people protesting and marching in the streets
About important things as opposed to like you know trying to legalize illegal
Immigration then maybe we might get something dumb but I doubt it put Joe Bell on the task he'll take care of it
He'll take that up with the beesleaves
Boy he is just the
Vein of my existence because your buddy though now see how you got that's right. We will remember there for you
Got normal kid after his ass became anybody but I looked at that little chat fans a little soft shoe for you patty on the back
Hey, I like George. We're gonna take that carriage right?
Thanks, Norm but Greg left me such a mess
Does this mean I'm gonna get it bill
Yeah, 58 bucks
Same for me bucks that you got to pay for me yesterday. So here's the deal
The money finally hit the bank there from it was the bank's mistake allegedly from the people aren't getting paid yesterday, right?
But the people who wound up bouncing checks or getting charges or overgrads or whatever you're all on your own
See if it was any kind of an honorable company
They say oh well, you know if there was any kind of inconvenience or whatever will take care of it
Oh, yeah, right exactly
So you're on your own to love you and don't don't be so irresponsible next time expecting to have that money in there on payday
Here's yesterday's poll result 1853 votes
By the way, we'd have we'd be way ahead of the game on today's poll except for the fact that Eric is also maybe he picked up
What I said yesterday took it too literally when I talk of it to Hank about let's go on strike
So to totally we were just joking
Yeah, we're just joking Eric. Okay, so when I faxed the poll three different times the idea was
Let's get it on there already. Okay. I didn't want to make the phone call
I added one here. Whoa. I didn't want to hear that just wasn't in the mood for it
So the poll only went on there like shortly before the show this morning otherwise we'd we'd have our chance for a thousand easy on this one today, but no
No
That's why I fastened the month for tomorrow already
What is this revised the oh, I don't care about that
Oh, look at that. We got courtesy to tend to adjust the Agma
Maybe he got his ass fired for being in there dealing around when I was either one that was like
In a controller near state in the middle of our show and stuff was going on here. We don't know and I don't think we'll ever know
We'll never know it was you hoody
But he was definitely the one in there last night poxking around in our studio and using your computer and
There doesn't need to be anybody in their clearance
There's no reason for anybody to be in that room
There was a really good reason that I don't want it. I was at they had some gamers something
No, they're not in that room. They had something. Yeah
They had a party going on and of course, uh, you know, it doesn't make any difference who it is in there nobody can control because it's kindergarten time
Welcome to wqa. I'm your radio kindergarten like it's like jumping of the sandbox with us
Give you a little pale in the shovel and you can pretend like we're gonna go on the merry go round again
I'll get around the maple like those little Julios. I'm sure they'll be calling in later, you know
I can't sit around the maple
I'm gonna pull
Grab it on the staff of life
What do you believe about Jesus being that that was our pool yesterday? He was one of many self-proclaimed profits 557
Also before I get into the pool result I could stress it out for an hour
Uh
Brett Brett up at home
Wasn't either guy that invented the father the bomb or something like that
Uh, don't be listening to fat boy there. Okay. The purpose of your being there is to go out and sell something at a service
The accounts not to piss me off or get me to rip you on a ear right?
We have plenty of other people to rip on the ear go out and do something. Okay?
And don't be putting the piece of copy in here that nobody ever heard of before and then expecting me to update it for you because
Do your job. I know that's very difficult to understand being a hot shot from New York like you are
But do your job you moron
That's moe ro n moron
From what I'm hearing is that everybody in the building already hates him like poison bread from New York
Not a lot of our crack sales people make sure you mark the tape there Josh you might want to copy that part of the new regime
Yeah, yeah, you can put that in his resume on his way to next uh his next failure
Jesus was one of many self-proclaimed profits
57 that's 30% of the audience
30 man said that he was the Messiah
378
20.3% now the last time we did this fall it was much higher than that, but only we only had a few choices
He was the Messiah right uh 33% said that last time
So either we're like talking about him or the real Jesus Christ is our gone. Oh wouldn't that be bad
He never stole a freight train 251. He strictly for goyam 156 Jesus
He was just a regular guy just like you and I 134
There was never any such person 134. I hate this pool 131. He was a homo
60 you fairy and he was a snappy gracer 52
That's your take on no not on Hank on Jesus. Good play that Hank dropping over. God
He just relentless. No, it's not funny
That's funny
Not that. Oh, there's that bubble-headed bitch again sent him a kidney with him
Get a real haircut. Okay, if you've got to be a member of congress quit walking around with that frizzy look, you know
No wonder they've got to try to stop her
Looks like it and terrorists to me
Now if you're wondering about Ariel Shiroun since it's almost paysox now
Doctors we attached to piece of Prime Minister Ariel Shiroun's skull yesterday
I wonder if it was Bush's brain maybe like him planning it in his head
A day after the surgery was delayed because of a respiratory infection
They reattached the piece of his skull so he is obviously doing extremely well
The operation was the eighth four Shiroun since he suffered that debilitating stroke on the fourth of January
Doctors had removed the pieces sculpturing a previous operation on his brain
Which they said was loaded with carrot sinus
The surgery that Prime Minister Ariel Shiroun was supposed to have yesterday took place today
And it successfully short-wired to go to hospital seven to statement yesterday
Shiroun was taken back to his room in the intensive care unit where he's been hospitalized since his massive stroke
Every day yesterday
It was talking about the vegetables about we need the cheap labor
Not evidently Ariel Shiroun don't need any Mexicans to work on his vegetable status
Because that seems to be what he is at this point
You see how God works what goes around comes around you want to be a terrorist kill a lot of innocent people
You want to be a barbarian and then the Lord smites you
Smotes you right on your hands
bad ass
I don't think there'd be any pacidic he can be for Ariel this uh, Pesah
But you know what can it really hurt when you come right out of it? No
I hear today's poll we've done this one before probably every couple of years we do this
Well, actually we did fairly recently the things that they don't want to hear about
Because they like because it's negative they like that a lot better
In fact generally speaking whatever it is I talk about or you talk about that's that's what they don't want to hear
That's right. They don't know what they do want
But whatever it is that we talk and that's that's not what they want. That's not what they had in mind
324 votes. We already have like 700 in some out of Eric wouldn't have been such a tubbiest that they in the really really screwed up bad
God he frosted my ass
324 of all the things that he'll talk about which is the most interesting to you
politics
160 she has to I should have put on her instead of politics is bush-bashing because that's what they want to hear
That's no problem with that because I think Abu Garret so easy. It's like falling out of bed, you know
When you deal with such a moron
Now what it really means politics bush-bashing and of course tani bashing and right wing bashing and tom delay bashing and all the sudden all of these other
things and
Colder bashing misplugged bashing
politics 160 inside radio stuff 48 where we sure had a lot of that yesterday
Well with people not getting paid on payday and everybody all whipped up into a frenzy
And with his place just going down the tubes that that's what I heard it's going down the
This is that's the room around the building
The new grade gene is just deep six and that's big time. You're doing a hell of a job, Joe
Just like brownie brown. You're doing a heck of a job
Papa Papa like me like me like me. How am I doing so far? I mean like
What a guy ever see him and Bob green together same person
And of course remember what a good job Bob green did for you. Oh, I'll take care of George. I think I hear today. He took care of
Still feel it religion 28
See these numbers are so small because the pool we went out there like about I don't know whatever the whole time wait 30
I hate this pool 17
Food and restaurant 17 hockey 17
Yeah, I'm looking back at the last time we did this pool some time ago
Hockey was fourth with 190 votes. Now how the hell is that possible?
They don't want to hear about hockey by the way to pan through seal their fate last night nice loss boys
They just rolled over
5 to
That's it done
Gays stuff 11 slots in gambling 10
Health problems six. I probably should have some of those starting pretty soon where things are going
the track three
See a track is a hold there a couple of these that are hold over from the first time
Immigration to see they don't find that very interesting
Amsterdam Suleymenti dose only two they're burned out on that just like I am
The stock market to which I don't talk about at all. So I don't know how that's a holdover and
Diet talk only one they don't want to hear that chat
Lost he went from what was it 365 to 319 on balance for life
But isn't the try go and have shak do some spots
For balance for life would that be good maybe his shack on a payroll he ought to be for all the
Erotomy gets and all the money that he's making us
And that's right. I forgot about that much here bill that he's shak's in town
He's making us our paycheck making whatever chose up and make he can pay my
Bounce say he can pay that 58 bucks. Oh, that's it
Send the send the slip over to shack. He'll take care of it
Anybody in the building that got screwed by the beesley's yesterday and had checks bouncing had any kind of financial charges
Just to send send the invoice over to shack. He'll take care of
Care of Pat Riley mommy heat nose wet
1013 at 560 WQM speaking about money. What if everything you thought you knew about your home equity turned out not to be true
What if most commonly held beliefs about paying down mortgage debt and traditional retirement planning worth giving you the best chance for success tonight
The financial education institutes conducting a free seminar for south Florida homeowners and settled
Common-sense strategies for successful equity management
Would you like to learn how to pay off your mortgage in half the time or maybe increase your spendable retirement and come by 50 percent
Without increasing your current budget today
Would you like to know what you can do right now to protect yourself from any declining real estate market?
South Florida homeowners are invited to attend tonight at 6.30 in the PM with a holiday in an avoidant beach
Free at charge thanks to paradigm wealth strategies visit them online at f.e.i-florda.com or call out a
Reservious Fufford tonight at 9.5.4
389 85 75 insurance on that Brett Oppenheim
Since you buy and put it to call they will say get serious
9.5.4 389 85 75 don't forget that three seminars tonight 8.30 or 6.30 6.30 let me say it again
How they in in Boyton Beach
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.16 Q.A.
What's
When it comes to
Enter to this
We've got the city
The biggest personnel
A
More than
Many watchers
The biggest
Sports Radio 5.16
Q.A.A.A.A.
Hi Tom Jekke here
Child business columnist and professional celebrity me
I am all that South Floridaians have to say to their bicarious desires about glorious tins of town
That's why I don't have time to write anything about local personalities
I'm out of touch with that now
Why should I write about Neil Rogers or even this 30 of the anniversary
Come on I have more important things to do
Like reviewing future television classics like the
Free ride
Three and a half men
And uh everybody hates Chris
I have a laugh track here I use a holiday
Yeah
Now doesn't that make you feel like having a cheese dude
Besides all new husband homie in those dead-air fillers after the greats
So cares I'd gosh about the big stars now
My jethy other day I had lunch with Larry Thorj
Neil you're out of touch but I'm not a touch in a bad way
I love re-breeze who discs and drink cocktails a lot more than you
That's this yeah
1018 at 5.60 WQM so Tommy finally discovered that uh
The big story was Katie Curry
He's got 45 columns in last two days about Katie Curry
And then what about Rosie O'Donnell and her
Gay cruise
Which time admits in the article he does a little disclosure there
Full disclosure that an immediate member of his or a member of his immediate family works for the cruise line
So that's how you need to know right there
Okay
All your people out there don't go out host cruises man if you want to come back alive
That's my suggestion to it. It's under for a long time
Let's do a quick flurry of call here because I'm sure the audience is whipped up and we're frenzy
Marlon's last night but they give it a good shot there
They tried that big comeback and fell just a little short right
Yes, it did a little short. What was it?
6.5? Yes, they were down 6.1. They made a little
Come back and see any of that
So they aftermath of it
In fact, I saw Frank Ford interviewing somebody I thought god since he since he had that big mole removed him with a damn
And then what else and the panthers of course they're all done
They got bushwacked by Atlanta 5.2 there and then right in the macarena last night not good
And other than that it's all uh, it's all him
5.6.7.05.60
5.6.7.05.60 under Verizon and singular wireless line. I'm just Tommy. I quoted Hank
From his show yesterday. See I forgot to ask Hank about Katie Kirk
But Hank already spilled the beans about when she used to work at channel four and then there's the whole thing about
She did the story on what was that a montage with Ed O'Dell by the way Ed O'Dell's a big fan of the show Tommy
I hate to break the news to you Ed O'Dell's a good guy. He's good people
But uh, she was on montage and she went out there and she uh to find out what it was like to be a homeless for a bag lady
And she uh sat out there on the street like is a bag lady Katie Kirk
And how she's making 15 million years. So maybe she's got a little something to sack for you
Maybe Katie Kirk's got 58 bucks for her now George to cover those charges from yesterday when they didn't pay on tarry
I'll go check them does call up Katie. She'll she'll help you out
WQ I am hello good morning sir. How are you okay? I have a somewhat tragic fire report for you really
I just found out that Porky's restaurant has closed
Oh
Which corkies are we talking about in Tamarack?
No, no, no the one in temperate pines that he moved from north Miami Beach. Oh, no
Yeah
The north-miney people
Apparently he sold it in August. See more paleo of course the founder and uh whatever
Uh, I just found out they went by their Saturday and they said there's a scientist that remodeling
But evidently he sold the business at August and uh I get to every folded to with the lesser man and uh
Another Southport institution is gone by the court. What does that tell you huh?
Uh, well, it tells me uh the uh the gen files in temperate pines didn't know a good thing
That's what it tells me when he go in and pember pines. I thought they were all old Jews in pember pines
Well, uh, maybe it was too far from cemetery of indivisive slutt all the way over to corkies. Maybe that was it
I think it was getting past the traffic at temperate pines like small if maybe they didn't have an early bird
Uh, while he didn't have an early bird and uh
I feel another great dish is optic sandwich is no more
Well, not be a great slogan. It's too late for the early bird to corkies
Yeah
Thank you to bad news pali. You're welcome sir
Thanks for now amigo. I think I should have left in chinese say it to go to your belt. I'll see you
Happy pay soft. Okay corkies now
Didn't I tell you when the corkies in earth mind we meet sleep private previous one when I went close down right that was the signal
You know my knee is bleeding profusely here. I just smacked it on the corner of this uh thing here
Mm-hmm. Can I just go get a little uh, well, I'm a really good permission. I mean
All right, different band-aid music before you
Hey
By the way, you're right, you know, this is Fred's product in research
Pretty much big it was but trigger press
Let's say a fact we that's enough press product, okay
KP of coral gable says the wife said doc look with us army sent us recently
Guess things aren't going to well overseas and now there might be a doc shortage due to all of your carnage in Iran due to
searching for quality physicians for the army reserves. This is a flyer they sent to the sky
Bonus of 30 grand and student loan repayment up to 50 grand
Big commission is an army reserve officer network opportunities paid CME activities
Serbian country while serving others excellent retirement plan
And there's uncle Sam pointing I want you US army
I do like that. Well, there's a lot of body parts and a lot of missing body parts and a lot of bloodshed and all this other crack
And the public is worried about the craft kaka nonsense
They're worried about the missing chicken aruba and foolishness and a kid that was like pouring himself online
And everybody's supposed to feel sorry for him just in there. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, all of all of these uh thing
all of these things
Hello, not there. That's bad move on your part man
Could have been your this could have been your moment of sunshine
Everybody in town might have been talking about that important call you just missed making or for days on I'm telling it
Most people listen to claim the fame
Look at that student fighting against deportation there on sea in the heakens day
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 leave a rise in singular wireless line look at those phones man. Oh brother
When at the lake case is up in about three four minutes then you're gonna see some real action. How's my knee doing?
Oh, just a little scrape
WQ a.m. Joe Bell line. Hello. Hello, Neil. How are you? Okay, sir. That's good. Uh yesterday your
Crackstaff in a building screwed up my request of
Who's at Lucifer things that can you play tydomi for me? Tydomi? Tydomi? Tyad
Not the hockey player
Staff screwed up your request
Talking about the fact that he couldn't hear it because there were playing stuff on the other side of the guys right. Oh, that cracked staff
That's not how you want to be
Whoever I was in there now. I know what you're talking about. All right. I appreciate it
No, I'll work something out for you. I'll play Tydomi and then they'll play something over that in the control room
We all look make good. No, it's just not right. I don't know what that was going on in there
It's like a schloxville in there schloxville
schmuxville
And you got this little baby program director with a bunch of these little baby children right it's it's like bad high school radio with all apologies
The WKPX and the kids at FipeRi we apologize profusely. It's like bad
High school radio not good high school radio, which they've been on for doing it various times
That's what we degenerated into just a bunch of kids running around all oh, oh, here's a knob. Let me let me crank this knob, you know
Just like Wayne Greetzky likes to powder his novel. There are too many people twisting too many knobs in that place
That's the problem, okay
We know when Greg was there he liked to twist a few knobs, but he's supposed to be gone now
5670560 pound 560 in a Verizon singular wireless line
WKWAM. Hello
WKWAM hello
QAM Ola
Look at these man. Wow. How dare you was Howard would say
WKWAM 2AM hello. I know they said 10. What about 10?
WKWAM hello
WKWAM hello
Mayo good morning. Yes, sir. Hey, I don't want to belabor a point
I heard you mentioned a couple of times signing off about that pasta and I'm a fat dude that loves to eat and
Like any kids to eat it if you could give me the one to over real quick on it. I appreciate it
Called dream fields pasta man. You can get a public stream field the R E A M dream field
Dream field and who carbs grams, but it's only five grams
Net and it actually tastes good. Yeah, it's just like regular practice excellent
Yeah, it's called dream field
Dream D dream is in D is in a dunk. Gotcha. Thanks. Thanks. Thank you. I'm not too bad. Okay D is in Dungeonous crab
Wish my knee would stop
It's leading. Oh geez
Ooh look at that. Well, I didn't get it. I could have got a band-aid, but that would have been too much fun
Because that stops it like right off the wall doesn't stop the bleeding, but it stops like the oozing, you know
We can't like on the show to be oozing a little
But you have to be oozing or losing. I think we're doing a second part right away here on the land. We are the rest. Oh
Talk about being behind the eight balls
Man, this this new way of jeem. They have they are so clueless. It's unbelievable
But you've been taking care of now, so you don't care now. You're in a better mood
Maybe the navigation remains to be seen remember. He's got to go to the west coast and that's a different animal over there
Yeah, he's a paper tiger, you know
Feel agree with whatever you say. Oh, yeah, that's a really good idea. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's take care of George
Everything's great when that's your all things are already good. Let's take care of George
I don't know about that kid, but
And then of course he goes over there in a matter what he says. It's like joy's just slap some in the head
Just one time like that and you know smacks him back into place
Too much talking smack that's the problem in this joint
27 past 10 at 560 Wtq. I.M. With lightning quick speeds the latest feature in security
Comcast high speed internet leaves DSL on the dust and today you can get on board for just 995 a month for two months
With an always on connection speed of six megabytes
Comcast high speed internet is up to four times faster than DSL 15 up to a hundred times faster than dialup
Whether you're downloading music watching streaming video playing online games or just serving your favor assurfing your favorite sites
Comcast reliable fast connection means you'll be flying through the internet. You'll be floating
Plus when you sign up for Comcast high speed internet you get instant access to free features like the fan video mail
Comcast rap to the radio plus and up to seven personal email accounts just to name a few
And underway that but you also get macapies security tools included
So you can be assured that your internet experience is always safe and secure
So what do you wait and for start doing more faster than ever before sign up for Comcast
High speed internet today for just 995 a month for two months and you wonder how you ever managed to get along without it
In day call 305 Comcast and in Broward. It's 954 Comcast
This is Neil Rogers
This is 560
You
Oh, I'm Tommy from Tite army saying for the best high food and a best service as long as you know black
Command out to Tite army or selfish. We know like black people. They don't keep well
Besides why black people are too easy to food anyway. We're not have fried chicken on the menu
Oh wait, I forget we have a spare ribs
No change I talk cut us there with a menu. It's a button
So if you know black command out to Tite army come to think of it. Those damn gay people
We know like them either should it be but they talk to now with funny list the serve other customers no come back
So no gay no black and while we added ladder people you make reservation for 715
Don't show up at 820 and expect you table we get to somewhere else already
Latin people are always late no black no gay no ladder and Tite army and Jewish people you stop
Fickering all of you who care who have what pay with an angle that outside
Take 45 minutes to try to divide up feel we know what you hear
No, you no black no fact no Cuban and white people you think you better than everybody else come play too much if we don't
KISS your ass you know come back no white no black no
You know so gay everybody else for the best type food
Carmons out to Tite army on the beach hurry before we have to close you from ring go record
Thing is baby thing Simon and dark uncle
I am going to wrap out your head
When you're dead
I'm gonna read
Oh
Baby sing Simon and dark uncle
Is
Things time and in dark on the wind stores now from
Today go north to charmed again that guy a two for one north charge for this time mighty
Why don't you send more okay?
Here's a fact right off the battle kind of a sour facts for the pool
Please add local minis last stop for the politics last gossip if you want gossip read joney flashmons common a hero
Okay, it's all a crap, but we don't do a gossip show or Jewish stuff. Oh there you go put Jewish stuff on there
Right okay, and then it goes on this is the part I love in this thanks
Also, why is it that you give a report on the this in Iraq every day? What exactly is your point?
What what exactly is my point? How about what vaguely is my point that it's a blood bath that we created in addition
Which is is we know you were against going there in the first place? No, not going there isn't the term
It's called invading in the first place based on a pack of lies invading not going there
What is it that you want us to do now if we pull out it'll just make things worse if you just try to put out how bad it is
There are much worse places such as Darfur
Well, that's what we ought to be doing is telling the Iraqis hey, you know, you think things are bad now
We're gonna send you asked Africa. How do you like that? Darfur is in our fault. We didn't create that
Exactly. It was that way before we didn't go in and invade and and take a place where people were
We're living in relative of the
A decent semblance of a life when you turn it into a blood bath. That's the difference
Not that we're doing anything in Darfur
That's beyond the cause nobody cares about that because those are dark folks in Africa and nobody cares
That's just the way the world is
You know all this crap a lot never again. Right if it's the Jews if it's the Sparks is whoever is we just don't care
That's that's the world for you
What exactly is your point? I think the point is pretty clear
Okay, and since the media just kind of like sluffs it off
I figure it's just and it only takes a few seconds every day at the beginning of the show
Just likely talk if there's dead American servicemen since the media doesn't feel like the news there anymore anyway
Because I want how do you like that because it's my show and because that's what I want
For about 15 20 seconds the beginning of the show every day. How do you like that?
Is if I have to owe you an explanation of why I say this and why I do that and why I hate South Florida?
Whoever sent the facts you are part of it. Okay. I'm happy pays off to you
Jewish stuff
Hope you've gagged on the leftover home intestine from Purim. How do you like that?
Why do you do this? Why because I because I want
423 votes on the pool. Boy, we'd have a thousand already if we weren't for a Eric
See he's just trying to make life difficult. We don't need any help Eric. We already got Joe Bill
And Chris Jones don't forget about him. Boy, we got a guy coming in. Oh, oh, oh, oh, man. You got to love this guy
Of all the things that Neil talks about which is the most interesting to you
politics 200 means bush-bashing
terrorist
maniac moron
mozo
smirking chimp inside radio stuff 66 well if we ever get back inside radio we can do that you know
We ever get back like in a real radio station
Religion 34 I hate this pool 26 hockey 25 how about those leaves? I
All out to win a desperate game against a girl's team
I'm just played like all 10-year-old kids last night and released barely barely pulled it out
Food and restaurants 22 gay stuff 15 now you're talking. I'm a 16. Just went up again
Yeah, or my favorite your new favorite
And then there's always the abbreviated version night
Slot's in gambling 12 get a good machine man and we'll talk turkey health problem six. They're hoping
Amsterdam five immigration for the track three track my ass the stock market three Jewish stuff one and diatalk one
We're way way behind the eight ball. That's because it's the QA method way now man. Well, I tell you we're gonna have some interesting memories about this place
Keep right. You know, I put a bandit. I took your advice. I put a bandit on my knee. Yeah
Not a good idea. It's all it's all like I can see the gauze is like all bloody now. Oh, you got to keep replacing it
Get out of here. Look at you. That's important to do that. Who can afford to keep replacing band aids man
I know you don't wear socks. You're gonna be leaving a blood stain
No, it's not like dripping down my knee get out of here or the better
Grand jury to hear on here we go again with this right hand column
I have him problems with this on some of these taxes with a right hand thing is chopped off
federal grand jury will soon begin hearing evidence about representative senti
McKinney's running with that police officer a lawyer from anywhere the case had late yesterday
You confirmed that federal prosecutors had agreed to get involved in the case in which a black lawmakers accused of
hitting a white officer after they tried to stop her for entering a house. See I got news for you
Okay, I don't know about you, but I'm sick and tired. Everything is a racial thing if she just would have said
Hey, I'm senti McKinney. I remember a congress from Georgia whatever that would have been it
It happens all the time they said that but no instead that she liked and she won't discuss what happened either
Even totally dead, grilled her about 15 times yesterday morning. They showed the clip and she won't answer the question of what really happened
Because she knows what she did was wrong
So in order to elicit sympathy now with that bad frizzy hair do her is she's like oh, it's a racial thing if I would have been white
Yeah, just like with OJ
I don't know, but I think America is sick of that
We're sick and tired every time some
Dark person does some everyone act something that's unacceptable
Oh see if a white person wanted that would have been okay. Well, what's that got to do with it
Bullcrant the white person would done they probably would have shot him right
But a black person they realized that that would gotta be a bottom black woman's hair. Oh, god
You know, she looks like she stuck her finger in a light socket
So she could be a terrorist for all we know
Maybe the bad reason that bomb she had ready to go. Maybe that's what got her hair all fizzy like that
Get yourself a real and she had no name tag on like this guy's supposed to know her with her new do
She's got a new do they got a no mouth face. Yeah
Well, I don't want to know your face. I don't like that honey. Go back to Joj. You bitch
God air everything like with OJ murders two people in cold blood all the DNA evidence
It's it's as plain as could be even Charlotte Holmes didn't need to be called in for that one
And it's a racial thing. Yeah, right
Of course it was
5670560
Palm five 60 in the Verizon singular wireless lines. They're real quiet because it's coming up to pay soft and Eastern O for it
And they're really pissed off because I chastise them for that ass Wednesday thing
I still don't believe that that people really do that. I think you made that up just aggravate
That's what I did that living and breathing people with IQ larger than their digit actually put asses asses
Asses on their forehead on ass Wednesday just because some getski told them to do that
What if they told you to put pomegranates on your forehead when you do that? Oh
You know pomegranate Thursday isn't that what's today? I think that this is today
For a couple of cum quads on your forehead today. It's a cum quad Thursday
All right, couple of a couple of sour grapes on top of your head on one in each ear because it's a grape Thursday
She's I mean you people out there when you're gonna start using your brain get a search party and find one and see if it works find when that works
Shmeer in their forehead with ashes and
And what's supposed to be this significance of that I pardon my ignorance, but I'm not big on the grime stuff
What was that supposed to mean you know, I'm really not sure
Don really now Josh. I don't know. He's a good Catholic help me out here. Yeah, sorry. I uh
You don't know what the shmere because they call it ass Wednesday
You're supposed to smear asses on your forehead on ass Wednesday. You don't even know why perhaps it's showing respect
I have no idea. I'm showing respect. I don't know nor do I care really hey
You better care man. You want your belt to take care of your deal
This is me no Roger
What mustn't it now?
That the Lord even loves me or Rogers
Everybody's going back to see me. It's moving now
As he's moving about the crucifixion just get past the violence for movies come back now
And he's going see the crucifixion
Don't worry when there is only fair
Making this movie was not crossing fair
So come on come on watch the crucifixion with me
Do you ever wish that your family and friends knew their Bible versus better?
Absolutely. I have the answer to your prayers from the makers of you saint my martyr comes again the whole family can enjoy
crucifixion
crucifixion is not just fun to play but it forces everyone to know their Bible and it's easy to play first
Someone picks a word or phrase from the Bible and the rest of the group takes turns trying to spell it
But be careful if you pick a wrong letter your little Jesus doll gets nailed
I'll take the dust um how about a chair?
No sorry Billy
After three nails and one spear to the chest everyone loses
But don't worry in three days you can play again
So run down to your local crucifixion toy store and grab up your very own copy of crucifixion
Why not play tonight comes with the small Jesus doll nails in a tiny spear fake blood
Wouldn't cross a hammer not included crucifixion a product of Trinity brothers
1045 so rather than listen a bunch of uh fairy tales I looked it up myself you know sometimes
I was googred at tip I done it ash Wednesday the hell come on you know about it in cyclopedia
Although my margin again I'm having a margin problem here. I don't want to do that on the earth from
I'll do it with that the right hand margin is like job and off
The Wednesday after Queen Quagy Sema
uh
Sunray
Which is the first day of the uh lent fast
What tells that Queen Quagy Sema what what is that what I don't even know a language that
I don't know how to uh probably that might that must be the name deace
Scenarium day of ashes which adheres in the Roman Missile is found in the earliest existing copies of the
Gregorian sacramentary that's named after Jeff Gregory and probably dates from at least the eighth century
Oh, they really knew their craft back then on this day all the faithful according to ancient
Customers are resorted to approach the altar before the beginning of mass and they're the priest the priest
And of course we all know about the priest
Dipping a stomach ashes previously blessed marks the forehead or in case of clerics upon the place of the tansurer
Well, well, what is the tansurer?
Okay, you got the encyclopedia page TOS you are e
About each of these signs of the Torah saying the words remember man though our dust and unto dust shall return
But I mean put a moop at about
The ashes used in the ceremony are made by burning the remains of palms blessed on Palm Sunday the previous year
In the blessing of ashes all four prayers are used all of them ancient
The ashes are sprinkled with water been fumigated with incense and
Peppermints the Sullivan himself the ebishop or
Cardinal receives either standing received it the ashes from some other priest usually the
Highest and dignity of those present and earlier ages a penitential
Procession often followed the right of the distribution of the ashes, but now this is not prescribed
There can be no doubt that the precedent is stripping the ashes to all the faithful erosion made devotional imitation of the practice
Observed in the case of public pay up pentonance
But this devotional usage of reception of sacramental which is something okay. This does make any sense
In the books both of the old law and in the new that the men who repented of their sins be strewed themselves with ashes and
Clowed their bodies with sack cloth or there we go with that sack cloth and ashes crap again like our bill
Now let us do this little at the beginning of our length that we stew ashes upon our heads to
Signify that we ought to repent our sins during glit and fast
That's what that's what they say and then he enforces the recommendation by the terrible example of man versus
Something or other
Oh a man who refused to go to church for the ashes on ash Wednesday and who a few days after was accidentally killed in a bore hunt how boring
It is possible the notion of penance which is suggested by the right of ash Wednesday was reinforced by the figurative
Exclusion from the sacred mystery symbolized by the hanging of the Lenton veil before the sanctuary
But on this and the practice of the beginning of the past ash Wednesday it says see the length can that be lent
I've said that before and the answer is usually not always though
Can that be lent how about what kind of materials I made or can that be felt and every now and any get like either
Yes or
One of the other
5 6 7 0 5 60 you see if they religious show maybe we were learning about religions man
We're learning about all these foolish things that people do because somebody told them to do it
Just go to the cliff there and jump just jump as high as you can the Lord will catch you on the way down
Oh, I guess maybe he was busy. Oh, he was busy checking the odds in that ballgame this weekend like
Sorry
The hand of the Lord should reach out and catch you know when you think
If you can learn it will take care of that 58 bucks that you got screwed. You know they might be useful only god really take care of your charges right
5 6 7 0 5 60
Conn in fact, I know what it says on the door there if you work for the beeslees god help you
I think that's what it says and pound 5 60 on the or does it say you haven't got a prayer one of the other
Verizon singular wireless lines
Somebody Q a.m. Hello
Hello, yes, sir
Yeah, I just want to point out that
In Eddie Pope quotes networking is calling today really yeah
You probably just saw for the first time
Could be could be said you call the guy I never saw network my power
That's exactly what he writes
And Neil just you know, I know you've been talking about him against him the past couple days
I just think that anybody in this town of this is the radio mom be should be put on trial
Okay, we're all for it. I'll be the judges matter Frank all right. Okay. I see you
I still awake
I still came you'll meet us
567 0 5 60 yeah, anybody listen to radio mom be under the age of 100 if you're over 100
You got green teeth. We'll give you a free pass on that you can't help yourself like the four tops like Levi's stub
Remember Levi's stub nope. I seen it
567 0 5 60 we're I think we just take calls today. I got a whole pile of stuff
But I don't know I don't want it, you know, no, I don't want
So I'll live there was not that we got your deal all straight now another was so easy to do that to have no
Joe Bell
He's like he's like a statue man you can't move him for lover money
But once Norma makes a phone call all of a sudden
He reminds me a little bit of that one too
In fact George told me off the air he didn't want me to sit on here that when Joe Bell came in he
Said to George
Nobody said I see a lot of similarities there, you know a lot of blue and smoke
WQ a.m. Hello, I'm gonna yes sir. Okay. Bye-bye and by the way
There's another one for you. No, where's the charge Reverend Schmuck WQ a.m. Hello
Hi, yes, well we're at it. Can we find out why Catholics?
Can't eat meat on Fridays because that's the dumbest thing I ever heard of anything
But they changed their mind on that because they got started to tune in macaroni
But I have a co-work of a square's bite and I'd like to say that today. Oh is it a woman or a man?
A man and he swears by it and I'd like to know ass George is it actually written in the Bible? Of course not
Okay
Tell Tony a rug guide area went out with knickers. Okay, so I'm a went out with Pat Boone and white bucks
Okay, but look it up for me and let me know okay. I'll live that up to macaroni and cheese
Please I remember when I was in school the Catholic kids it was Friday. Oh gee. We got to have macaroni until I
To the casserole again. Oh, Jesus Christ. Yeah, well. He's the one that told you to do it
But he didn't let me say it again. I have no idea why that was it just it's it. I mean
Make stuff up right that's what you make stuff of it just like that crap about it with the dietary laws from a thousand
The years ago when the Jews didn't want to eat pork because they were getting tricky noses
I'm telling you man. That's what it's all about. That's why the Jews and the Italians had the big noses because they were eating a pork
Uncured uncooked. They didn't have ovens that were real good. I had no microwaves back then the refrigeration
That's correct and so as a result, and that's why the milk products in the dairy products
They get like agita from that they like get through the green apple wild step. Oh, yeah green step the wild apple green step
That's where that name green steam came from
All this stuff. I mean here. It's 20th the year 2006 for Christ's sake if you pardon that expression
Jesus got almighty and there's all these millions of morons
See like that one there
Running around the doing stuff because some geckos thousand years ago were ignorant or because they had done
Didn't have no refrigeration no sanitation no antibiotics none all of these
things
Just like these clowns. Oh, we're gonna kosher that house and you know there's only one question for that
Why remember that? Oh, yeah, Cheryl at IOD our former friend there Cheryl
Jewish Cheryl sent her kid off to a kaboots in Israel which first of all why would you want to do that unless you want to get rid of the kid
I guess the juifier
Yeah, and so when she comes back from Israel because she had been so duly brainwashed over there
Oh, we're gonna kosher the house this weekend and of course that didn't lie that last about five minutes
Got to be kind of a pain in the glass
God stop doing such nonsense because somebody tells you to do it. Okay, and all you geckos out there all you
Hasitam man would have beards out of your kneecap at least use a little left guard and a little right guard
Christ almighty and one of the glamour getting upset
Little a little botanian now that you don't have to worry about dropping the soap now that we got body wash
I mean once upon a time that was a good excuse although they have seen them never need an excuse about dropping a soap because they were reproducing like rabbits
That's another reason why do you notice the Catholic church in their view on this immigration thing the Pope
Oh, he wants the Mexicans all the right and American flooding into this country
Yet because instead of 300 million people we can have like three billion people in about five years away that they were produced
Because in a fact they're good catlicks man. They listen when the Pope speaks they're like you feel fall to the orders and they do they go step right along
All were shluppers
And of course you noticed though I didn't I was never where that until this led latest because I mean whoever paid attention to ragheads, you know
Right, but now we find out the Muslims reproduce like rabbits as well
That's why I like you know all of those Muslim countries like more than 50 pop and percent of population is under 15
Because they're making babies like like like they're cranking out in a factory somewhere when in doubt they're cranking them out
Then that a guy last night on the squeal of fortune this jar-complexed guy got like seven kids
Seven kids this guy like maybe 35. He's got seven kids
Pats as I guess you do get home on leave fairly often then huh and
Every way yeah, yeah, I like that. Yeah, cuz we know I like heavy humor on that show just like a little stuff
Few yucks not not don't want overdo it Pat because then we'll respect it all the time
She's he and vanna are perfect for that show cuz basically they do nothing
You know what I mean? Oh, I don't she hits the letters and uh, you know
It appears that when she hits it, I don't know if that really works or not. I don't think she has anything to do with it
No, I don't use it. Go wait they wait for it actually they wait for it to touch it by the way
She's almost 60 years old vanna. She's 57 he's 59 we discussed that a couple weeks ago. Look right everybody
I tell that to her. Oh my god. How did you find that out?
Ha ha ha ha we Google it. How did you find that out? It's a big it's an ancient Chinese secret
Oh brother
Yeah, let me tell you just like if you want to tell how old somebody is look at their feet
I always wondered why you were like so obsessed had this foot fetish look at their feet
You can ask for the face you can like it's kind of hard to get a foot lift, you know
You can get a facelift you get a nose job
You ever get a foot job?
This is the Neil Roger show
Any questions
And the powers you've got
Since you say his life with your sliding
Oh
You have a brand new style too
We love the way you want your do
the
O
you
Move to see
We need a good sound.
Send the bad guy straight to hell.
When a building starts to blow, we go to the east and we go.
You're a crushing cry with one mighty blow.
That's what they told you.
Oh!
With one mighty mower, was that one mighty blow?
Or was that one mighty blow?
He said, mower, was that a thing?
It's 11 o'clock at 560.
It's a safe sponsor of terror.
WDQA, and there's the number one terrorist in the world right there along with his buddy in partner in crime Tony Blair.
And Jack Straw.
Well, I'd say that we'd be really kicking ass if we had a good start if we just stared at pull last night around 5 or 6 when I wanted to.
Eric?
509 votes on the pull.
Wait till next time Eric sends me one of those bandwidth bills, a monthly bill, and just wait.
The pony's going to have wild diarrhea that day's going to take a real long slow trip down into Orlando, Eric.
And then of course, Eric will turn around and say, well, just wait till next time you look at your website.
It's not there anymore.
That's a thought, Josh.
Just imagine all the tourists in time would say, was, how we doing on that fundraiser by the way, George?
How's that thing coming?
Oh, I haven't asked.
Man, that thing must be really kicking some serious ass.
That the world aren't far.
So I did look this up and that woman had called him in and she was me by 5 bucks for a flash paper.
Do you ever start facking something and you had no idea how long the thing was on the other?
And then it said page one of 175 or something like that.
A board, I finally stopped the damn thing after several pages.
Some Getki wrote this.
He says in an earlier article, I posted a detailed examination of the never constant discipline of Catholic fasting in absence, never constant.
In this study, I shall raise but a few additional points.
When I was young in Catholic, the priest and nuns in my parish stressed self-mortification or is that self-gratification?
That's what the priests were stressing.
Struff mortification through fasting and abstinence.
One could either drink absolutely nothing from midnight till an hour after Sunday mass if he wished to take communion.
No meat on Fridays, Embour days, or our Rogation days, Holy Days of Obligation.
These are good ass Wednesday, good Friday, Holy Saturday, nor an additional day each week of length.
There were exceptions to these strict rules, of course.
Abstinence wasn't required on Sunday, even if a Holy Day of Obligation fell on Sunday.
The rule seemed so complicated and so subject to change that one was grateful to have the priest to remind him of his fasting-slash-optimed obligations,
lest he inadvertently fail to keep one of the precepts of the church and be guilty of mortal sin.
I'm getting choked. See, Lord, it's punishing me.
Must be my knee. That'll learn yet.
The laws of fast and abstinence have changed significantly over the years, which is interesting.
One considers the Roman Church's motto, Semper Edem.
Always the same.
Semper Edem.
Always the Edem.
No doubt the Catholic Apologists will be quick to remind us that fasting and abstinence are matters of church discipline and as such our subject to revision from time to time.
He would, of course, be correct.
I was able to find no dog were concerning the Lenten-Fasting Revenant absence.
No divine commandist believed as a matter of faith by all Catholics under threat of an asthma.
So why do Catholics believe it necessary to keep the law fast and abstinence?
Aha! Now we've come to the long-convoluted answer that goes on for 400 pages.
Oh, it's even got some biblical quotes. All right.
Lay it on us. God gave Moses 10 utterances.
You know what the first one was?
Yes.
Let's see you step down.
Yes. Sorry.
Or commandments to pass along to the Hebrew people.
The Hebrew people. Not to go, I'm the Hebrew people. You better get with it.
Yeah, you too. You better make yourself right with the Lord, Mr. Ubutcher.
You murdered. That's a judge. Yeah, just this.
Over time you expanded these utterances to include 613 laws that were binding in all Jews.
Violations of these laws were sins. You better go home and kosher your houses right now while you sinners.
Here is Sarnorthite how to do it.
The Lord God, in fact, that's why you don't have time to service any accounts or sell any either because he's busy koshering the house.
He's koshering the world.
The Lord God expected obedience and establish specific punishments for violation of the various laws.
See, there's that song again, Billy and R.B.R. theme song, Billy J. Cramer, Little Children.
Only little children would listen to crap like that.
He expected obedience. See, they're like, oh, yeah, you got to obey the Lord.
You're all going to burden him. You're going to die someday.
I'm doing it over here.
I've done everything God has ever told me to do.
Yeah.
These punishments range from monetary fines to the death penalty.
God has merciful high, high ever.
And he provided means to make a tome to avoid the more severe tasked items of the law.
The Roman Catholic Church in this play of hubris established its own set of commands, the six precepts of the church.
Hubris, in other words, they had some a stink in there to do that.
In fact, I think one of the earlier Jewish princes, yeah, one of the old Jewish Israeli princes has said,
that he has a lot of Christ's power.
The Roman Catholic Church had six precepts of the church, just like the God's commandments.
The precepts of the Roman cult also carry penalties.
Oh, I love this. The Roman cult.
To die without atoning for a violation of one of God's laws is to be damned for all eternity.
Damn it.
So also it's with those who die without absolution for breaking one of the RCC's precepts.
The RCC.
Ha, ha, ha, this is good stuff.
That's like the RCC MP, but that's not like some even like you guys.
According to the RCC, the Roman Catholic Church, to commit murders of mortal sin,
to commit adulteries of mortal sin, to violate one of the precepts of mortal sin.
You see, the Catholic Church set itself on a par with God himself for to break her laws,
carries the same penalties to break his laws.
This does not bring to mind the kind of Lucifer's fall from grace.
How art thou fallen from heaven, O Lucifer, the son of the morning?
How art thou cut down to the ground which didst waken the nations?
We can. Waken and weakened.
Didst. For thou hast said in thine heart,
I will ascend in the heaven, I will exalt my throne above the stars of God.
That's still God.
I will sit also upon the mount of the congregation in the size of the north.
I will ascend above the heights of the clouds.
I'll be like the most high. That's what Georgia is trying to be.
Yet thou shalt be brought down and held to the sides of the pit.
That's from Isaiah 14, 12-15.
The Catholic Apologies.
I say, I'm still trying to find out about the me.
Oh, here we go.
No, I still can't find it.
About the another one.
Basically what this is all about is they just made it up as they went along.
Here you go.
Some Catholic Apologists might declare that it was never a sin,
certainly not a mortal sin to eat meat on Fridays.
After all they might say this was just a church discipline that some overly pious Catholics may have thought was a sin.
I really like the forthright manner that noted Catholic theologian in church history.
And John D.D. deals with this objection.
I wonder if he's akin to D.D. sharp?
John D.D. D.Y.
This is an old argumentative tactic.
One encountered frequently in defensive Catholic strategies to explain a way changed by denying the a-change in fact is occurred.
It's kind of like a Galileo.
He used to be a bad guy now.
He never still afraid to bring.
The denial may hold up as an accurate in some instances, but not so far as the old Friday-Apton's rules concern.
The Gilmore Society's 1913 Catholic Encyclopedia complete with Nehill Obstant and imprimatur from John Cardinal Farley of New York.
O Cardinal Farley!
Hey, Father Farley!
And once the definitive source of Catholic information was unequivocal on the obligation to abstain from meat on Fridays.
Text of theology and catacasins of Christian doctrine indicates that the obligation of abstaining from an element in one of the commandments of the Church.
Satisfaction for a sin is an item of primary importance and more order.
So in other words, I guess and say you could like depends on the kind of meat we're talking about.
You could do without sex on Friday or without eating meat.
How can you actually not even go there?
Naturally, I have abstinence contributes no small share to the realization of this and as a consequence the law of abstinence embodies a serious obligation whose transgression objectively considered or nearly involves a mortal sin.
All the sinning, all the time and everything is a sin.
If you fart the wrong flavor, it's a sin.
Joyce will certainly punish your ass, especially if it gets on the ear.
The unanimous verdict of theologians, the constant practice of the faithful in the mind of the Church placed this point beyond CAVI, I have no idea what that word is.
CAVI, what no?
CAVI, I L.
Cobble.
Cobble runs with an anti-stand.
They who would minimize the character of this obligation so as to relegate all transgressions such as its originating content to the category of venial sin are anatomatized by Alexander VII.
So there you have it, it says, yeah, there we have it.
It is a commandment of the Aromen Catholic Church that all Catholic faithful conformed laws of fasting, abstinence, less than the ability of a mortal sin.
Does anything in here about macaroni and cheese or even tuna noodle casserole which I am in that bag?
You know, tuna noodle casserole, if you put in the oven and you like brown it until it's like, you bake it until it's like a little bit over baked almost burned on top.
Right.
Oh yeah.
Isn't it good?
That's good.
That's the best.
Mmm.
And I think you will go to hell if you too much of that.
I'm going there anyway.
Maybe you're training the police.
Oh, I know he's going to hell.
I'll pack a load.
Sure.
If there's a hell I guarantee you, he'll be first online.
To the tactics.
Oh God.
Of all the things that Neal talks about which is most interesting to you, I think religion is my choice.
I put in the hall.
You know, religion came at a very strong third the first time we did this poll with 20%.
Now it's way down there because the religion one that we chased them all away.
Or maybe we've converted everybody.
534 votes.
What a shame, Eric.
We could have made a thousand easy today if you wouldn't have been, if you wouldn't have been eaten
below any sandwiches with peanut butter and jelly.
I was just joking about that yesterday right all afternoon.
He was eaten below any sandwiches with extra crunchy peanut butter and jelly.
Just think about that.
Do you think of anything more disgusting?
Oh, not at the moment.
Other than Neal may be tripe or head cheese.
Ooh.
Politics 249.
They want to hear a lot of bush fashion.
Confining elements.
Yeah.
Inside radio stuff 84, religion only 47, well too bad, I like it.
Because nobody, especially in America, has got the balls to talk about what crap it is.
Western Europe, they're like, oh, people kidding or what?
You really believe that garbage?
I hate this poll 38.
Hockey 29.
Let's talk about those Ottawa Senators.
I do not.
That Daniel Alfredson, food and restaurants 26.
How's Marty Havelat doing?
See ever coming back.
Gay stuff 21.
Slots in gambling 12.
Get that good machine ready, man.
Let's be on a good machine before I finish with the poll result.
So Jacob writes this column about this Rosio Donald thing which I wouldn't give her the time
of day that fat cow.
She's having one of these gay cruises to the Bahamas.
See, I hate to write the news so they went down her and she stayed on the ship.
Other people went out and took a lot of abuse from locals because they hate gay.
They can't stand.
They just obsessed.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's what they were screaming at.
Everybody got off the accruciate when Rosio took him down her.
Yeah.
It's like rubbing their noses and they don't want you.
They're okay bitch.
They hate you.
They can't stand in the Bahamas.
It's just they're not their thing.
Not that anybody would want them anyway.
Religion 47.
I hate this poll 30.
At hockey 29.
Food restaurants 26.
Gay stuff 21.
Slots gambling 12.
Amcidium 6.
Only 6.
See how they've sourced out.
I'm stood on.
Health problem 6.
Immigration 5.
Not that you would not.
We need to think it's South Florida.
That would be really big.
We did that poll the other day.
No, I voted politics too.
No.
The track 5.
We don't talk about the track.
Except Pompeo Park when they run a spot.
The stock market 3.
Never talk about that.
Don't invest any of your money in that crap.
Remember and just think and run and run.
Think WorldCom and run.
Think.com.
Think as.
Gives.com.
Jewish stuff too.
And die talk too.
How about Jewish diets?
How about pacidicky candy?
And by the way, happy paysock everybody.
And happy Easter.
Hope that your Easter eggs are really good ones.
And filled with all kinds of good stuff.
See, that's why a lot of people like these kind of...
This kind of year.
Because even at paysock you got pacidicky candy.
And I think also chocolate.
I don't know.
I don't know anything about paysock.
Other than this stale monster.
It tastes like cardboard.
And wine.
A lot of wine.
Boos it up pretty good.
And then Hacid will go out there and throw stale monster answer.
That's one thing about the Jew.
Well, it's like everything.
Same thing with the Echristians.
The Protestants and Lutherans hate each other.
Everybody hates the Catholics and they despise everybody who doesn't believe their crap, right?
Right.
The Methodists, the Presbyterians, the Southern Baptists.
They all hate each other.
The Bob Jones crowd.
They're Southern Baptists, right?
Yeah.
Some kind of Baptists.
Think the Catholics are all going to rot and hell.
And it's just a love fest, man.
It's all about God's love is what it is.
God, you have it, man.
You keep it.
And don't forget tomorrow's Friday, macaroni and cheese.
Get those elbows.
Get those damn elbows.
In fact, I'm sharing some cheese in my elbows right now.
Maybe a little of my knee couldn't hurt.
Now, I took like a little, not not big.
You know, I want you to like emotional about it.
But you're like a little chunk out of my kneecap there.
Ooh.
Did you eat it?
Oh, God.
It's missing.
It's M-I-A.
I said long gone.
Now, this is like a little hole there.
I got a, I'm going to probably fit some with a show.
I got a holy knee.
It's wrong with that.
Maybe with a breast.
Maybe the, maybe the, maybe the priest kissed it.
You know, it's how they always like about to put something in your mouth.
I was just reading that thing before.
And of course, if it's not bad, it's the little wine and the wafer in the mouth.
Right.
Get on your knees and open your mouth.
Stick your tongue in.
Yeah, there you go.
I got some for you.
Yeah, I got something good for you.
Very cool.
Close your eyes.
1113 at 560 WQI.
And being outdoors a lot in South Florida, you better get some reading.
Be comfortable shoes because you do a lot of waltz and around.
So the only place to go with them, to see these brandy shoes and pompano beads, they carry all the top brands in the shoe vines.
Floreshine, Echo, Mephisto, Rockport, Hushpuppey, New Balance, tons of other name brands and all sizes for man of women.
I really need all sizes, even wide wits and hard to find sizes too.
They're right there on the shelf right in the slap on your feet when you do your shoe shopping at Brandy's.
They're the largest independent shoe retailer in all South Florida.
And when you see the selection value you get at Brandy's, you'll understand why rave about them all the time and have been in the shoe vines.
Talk to our friend Arnie at Brandy, so make sure he gets the right penny shoes for your feet because a perfect fit is what it's all about.
Brandy's isn't like those department stores where it takes for everybody to get weighted on.
And then when you pick out a style they say, oh you've got to be kidding, we don't have that in your size.
The only thing they do do with Brandy is they choose.
So you never have to worry about size selection service and certainly not about price because when it comes to price, Brandy's is unbeatable.
You find Brandy's at 1290 North Federal Highway and Propero Beach between Atlantic and Copen's roads on the east side.
You can't miss it. Brandy's open every day of the week Monday through Saturday till 9, every Sunday till 5.
And this week is a super time to buy S.A. shoes at Brandy's.
Be sure and tell by the way that Brian Schmutz sent you when you go to Brandy's.
Brian Schmutz, say 20 to 40 bucks a pair on all great men's and women's S.A.S. dials this week.
So be sure to get your ass into Brandy's this week and save a lot of cash or do your shoe shopping right there on your fat ass.
Just go online at Brandy's shoes dot com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516.
Fort Greer radio is like a huge war.
I'm not a price.
Chris is gay.
He's a good angel.
You can get it.
No. Charlie.
Is he related?
Ask his brother.
Good brother.
Hey.
I know it's hard to say he's a gay Republican.
He knows his name is a gay Christian.
That's Charlie.
Chris is not gay.
Not finish it, cooling.
That's gay.
That's gay.
He's running for governor.
Governor of law.
Whoever chops clothes.
No, no.
He left.
Jesus, Charlie Christ, we're governor.
This message paid for by Christians with secret Republican thoughts.
I'll pay.
Oh no.
It's 1118.
Charlie.
You're free.
1118 at 560 WQ.
I'm happy Thursday to you.
Now, you know, it's good intentions here, represent this facts.
How many articles have I read about this?
I mean, this is this is ancient history.
This is more ancient than the stuff about the Romans.
I just got you a ranting on.
And it says, bush-bashing exclamation.
Like, this is going to please me.
And with all the respect,
I'm going to say,
the Bush administration has made it hard for them to speak for it rightly,
the public about global warming.
The result researcher say is a danger that Americans are getting to full story
and how the climate has changed.
How many stories have I read on the year and how many on our website in the last two weeks?
About 30 minutes.
About that, right?
Right.
Good God.
An ideology of from, right.
That right-wing, yoskee ideology.
I'd ideology, excuse me.
555 and we're almost to 666. It's the Antichrist show. I think I can play that one voice
no more. Yeah, the Antichrist. Hello, no. I want to ask you a question. My son was watching
your program on the, on the Wami on Miami. The date was 15 and I would like to know if
you're some kind of Antichrist version because now my son wants to worship the devil because
he thinks it's cool and he also wants to just as ladies and solicit on now. I don't know
if the whole channel 59 is the Antichrist channel. I'm really concerned and I would like to know
if you're the Antichrist. Thank you and please if I see you somewhere I wouldn't need something to
be water because now you turn my son into a baguette and you made my son the Antichrist. Thank you.
And have a nice day. You're making it for it. Yes, I am. Yeah, and have a nice day too, sweetheart.
She's a real a rocket scientist. A scientist. A real smart lady. I did say I had some stuff. Yeah,
I'll I'll enter spurs. I want to take thousands of calls that I'm just in the mood for that. I don't
want to put another one during a breakup and another piece of paper towel on her. I'm
wasting it and I stuck it on her and it's got a little red spot. I'd like that cheer we used to have
it. I.O.D. Wal-Mart has turned aside a massive letter writing campaign by the American Family
Association urging the retailer to refuse to stock growth back mountain being distributed by
universal home entertainment. The group which has successfully campaigned against what it
can seem to be broadcast in decency. Oh, yeah, the American Family Association launched the
campaign last week after ads for the film began being displayed prominently in the retailer's
3,900 stores. In interview with today's LA Times yesterday the AFA's Randy Sharapakuse
Walmart at helping to push the gay agenda by trying to normalize homosexuality in society. He
added but how many copies that are going to have to sell to recoup the losses of customers who
they've offended will no longer shop at Walmart. But a Walmart spokeswoman replied the fact that
we're offering the movies not endorsement of the content of the movie or any specific belief.
We simply offer the latest titles that consumers want. How do you like that? All right.
Well, that's your buddy to Walmart because I'm glad that the go-am are going after them. Excellent.
Maybe they're going to like boycott your ass. You morons, you fools. And speaking of fools,
you know, see this is the thing that really cracks me up. Now Elliott Spitzer, the next
governor in New York and the next president of the US, Elliott Spitzer has gone after a
cheap channel and these other pay-ola people and the FCC of course, he's really pissed off of them
because what they've done is the FCC like every other government agency, all they want is your money.
In other words, if you pay them a certain amount of money they'll just go away and they'll
have how many laws you broke. So clear channel, you know, they're used to it. They have a lot of
experience because when it came to all their indecent seat complaints they just came up with a number
of them in infinity and oh, here, how's this sound? We'll give you like eight million. Oh, okay.
And then they just drop everything. So it has nothing to do with really being concerned about
the public or protecting the public airwaves and this crap. It's just how much money can they hold
you up for? That's what it's all about. Am I right? Absolutely. Right. And the latest example,
clear channels offered to pay a million dollars as a settlement with the FCC over their ongoing
pay-ola probe according to San Antonio Express News. Oh, San Antonio, the New Home of New Marlins.
Clear channels Chief Legal Officer Andrew Levin told the paper that the Radio Ownership
John is in talks with the FCC stating we're willing to pay a reasonable amount to put this matter
behind us. A reasonable amount. I think the business would do that too. Eight bucks. Yeah, that's
all I got. We want to go back to focusing on our business and not on ancient history,
said Mr. Levin or Levin or whatever his name is. Levin told the newspaper that
Clear channel is fully cooperated with both the FCC and Elliot Spitzer and both pay-ola probes
turning over thousands of documents to investigators. He said just because we're the largest radio
company doesn't mean we have the largest violations. Yeah, you do your crux. We have been a model
for the industry in terms of trying to put a staff to this practice. Right. Over the weekend,
it was reported that Clear channel CBS Radio Citadel Intercom were sent to soon settle with
the federal government over pay-ola allegations and then on Monday, Spitzer spoke on an interview
criticizing the FCC for making their own deals with Radio Ownership groups while his criminal case
is still ongoing. See what he said? I'll send it. A leader has announced agreement on immigration
before him. But wanted to go to his business. Here's Bill's piss. It really make a very important
announcement and that is the American people are well aware of the challenge that we have today
in terms of having an immigration system that is flat out. Having a bunch of quirks like you
and the Senators, yeah, here, here, here, at the level of the place of the work site and also
by the way, he didn't know he had that stock just keep on running.
And I told her a last year I set out a two-week plan that is being fulfilled
with the deal we have. Talk about Honduras. Where we would start with a strong border
schedule. I'm gonna chase okay. Yahoo. Y'all ready? Get to it.
Under our inspectors, Senator Spector, Senator, Senator,
Senator, Senator, we build that out with a more comprehensive bill motion spectrum,
enforcement, interior enforcement and a temporary workup program that does address
12 million people who in this country are undocumented. The good news is that because of the hard work
of the people who are with me, we've had a huge breakthrough which will allow us to
be able to do that in the next several hours that will lead us to the conclusion of passing a very
important bill. I'm gonna turn to my colleagues, I guess, initially Senator Spector. And then
I'll turn to the spectator, Senator, to candidate to reflect why this alternative that has come
forward is all about in the implications for the country. It can only be really bad news
for the 250 freedom media. And there's a little red background there, the ruling pepperoni
juice down is a South Carolina chimer over there.
I don't know who would have to say anything more Senator Reid is here.
Senator Frist has accurately characterized the situation as a breakthrough.
And Reid please. Yeah, they found the bullet on the stretcher by the way.
The leaders of the senators who are here today.
They're still twisting and turning.
Republicans and Democrats and the leaders and the ranking member of Judicial.
Let me know when he says something. We have worked through a great many problems
starting with the McCain-Tenidad and Kyle Cornyn and the Hegel legislation.
And I think we produced a good bill, not a perfect bill.
Regrettably we haven't been able to have amendments all for two.
So we needed some modification.
Oh, this is more than I can handle you.
Wonder why people are interested in politics?
Just ponders. But I mean, it looked like you'll bell for Christ's.
But I mean, but we're all over the place.
Just say something. Just went and out spit it out.
More than five years old.
You sold tored you. You silly-ass person with your magic bullet theory.
Oh god.
See, if we just went a threatened to record a bunch of magic bullets like that,
that hit one of them and then twisted and turned and then started hitting a bunch of other people.
Oh, but they can be like the magic.
Then they will fear us.
Okay.
Then they will fear us.
Although maybe they ought to fear you.
584 votes. What a shame, Eric.
Boy, you really stuck it to us, man.
You screwed us great time today.
Did he call on a politicizer?
Did he send you a message in the chat room?
No.
Sam just crashed fallen.
No.
Because I screwed up so bad.
And he kept faxing me that for all.
Because I knew he wasn't paying any attention to it.
And so I kept faxing it.
And faxing it probably at least three times.
Yeah, I think of Norellic 300 times.
And then finally, when you called up and bitched him out.
And threatened to release those naked pictures.
And finally, he said, okay.
And then I came back in here from the tea room and there it was, like magic.
27 past 11 and 560 WN.
We got the Geldy again today.
Oh my god.
Too much Geldy.
Too much Geldy.
Panthers have done, okay.
I'm gonna get with it.
Somebody go out in the hallway and yell,
the Panthers have done their toast.
So we got Geldy on there to give us a song and an answer to.
Mad Dog at the Masha is now gusted for.
And then Hurley Kane hotline is seven.
Eight o'clock Curtis.
Davidson's got two hours tonight, eight to ten.
And as opposed, what are the old schedules, say,
I already schmitt candid.
No, I don't think they're going to reach for it.
No, I got it.
I was opposed to Jesse Agra who's been suspended for
Pasquim Rondon our studio.
And then 80 K and Vegas 10 o'clock tonight.
Hasn't he been suspended?
Although Josh likes him a lot.
I said he's okay.
I said he never turns him down.
If you think you have termites in you,
hope you need to call Riddett Pest Control today for a free termite inspection.
Riddett Pest Control uses an amazing orinjural treatment
that kills termites and termite eggs 100% on contact.
They're gone right now.
If you have termites, it's the best possible way to get rid of them.
You don't have to tense your home either.
None of that circus routine in your hood.
No worry about poisonous gas.
No move outs.
No hotel stays.
No worry about food or pets in your health.
At Riddett, they teach your home with this amazing
orinjural oil.
You don't have to leave it all.
In fact, when they're done treating your property,
the only thing left behind is the clean scent of oranges
for just a few days.
You want to lick the ceiling.
It's true.
If you have a termite problem called Riddett Pest Control right now
and thought out about this amazing orinjural treatment,
the kill termites and their eggs 100% on contact.
No tending.
No BS.
No kidding.
For a free and special column right now,
tool free 1-800-447-4348.
When you call, be sure and tell them that Todd Dreck
told you to call.
They'll drop the phone right on the floor.
1-800-447-4348 for Riddett Pest Control.
One more time for the West Coast.
And believe me, they got some real pest over there.
1-800-447-4348.
Her hair is a riddle and a teeth are rotten.
But when these still keep searing lots of drugs,
when she's actually thinks that she's covered with bugs,
they invite a whore, hats, pictures of all the Whitney
drug paraphernalia, needles and spoons.
Mustroons.
Whitney turns her mask in into a crackdown.
It won't be long till she's rolled off to rehab again.
Because there's cracks all to come and out her nose.
Whitney's got an ape all in her family host.
Her big bopby proud was Whitney just
dark work in a hurt so hygiene.
Because she's not clean.
And the smell is of sea.
That's something heavy.
It's not the effects machine.
And there's that Kennedy going and talking about immigrants.
The problem is they keep making this mistake.
They keep referring to these people who are likely to
record this issue.
So they're not immigrants.
They're illegal aliens.
They're illegal aliens.
He can't make this mistake.
So
divine penitents.
I wouldn't have done this in reality,
if criticized, said theow to guard Burgundy.
Things have gone passing,
what do you think's all about holiday and  movement?
In fact, I think now it's an appropriate time to play.
A former White House aid under indictment from Structe Lee Probe,
Iowa's Scooter Libby testified to a grand jury that gave information
from a closely guarded National Intelligence Estimate on Iraq
to an New York Times reporter in 2003 with a specific permission of President Bush,
according to a new court filing from the special prosecutor in the case.
Let me read that last part again with a specific permission of President Bush.
The court papers from the prosecutor's contract fit zero did not suggest
that Mr. Bush violated any law or rule. However, the new disclosure could be awkward for the
president because it places him for the first time directly in a chain of events that led to a
meeting where prosecutors contend the identity of a CIA employee, Valerie Plain was provided to a
reporter. Mr. Fitzgerald's inquiry initially focused on the alleged leak, which occurred
after a former ambassador who had missed his claims, husband Joseph Wilson wrote the op-ed
piece in the New York Times, questioning the accuracy of statements Mr. Bush made about a
nuclear procurement efforts in Africa. No criminal charges have been brought for leak itself,
but Mr. Libby was undoubtedly an October in charge of the obstructive investigation,
perjured himself in front of the grand jury and lied FBI agents who interviewed him.
In court filing, Lee, yesterday responded to requests for Mr. Libby's attorneys for
government records at my date as defense. Mr. Fitzgerald said new light on Mr. Libby's claims that
he was authorized to provide sensitive information at the time of the reporter Judith Miller
at a meeting on July 8, 2003. Defended testify that he was specifically authorized and
advanced in the meeting to disclose the key judgments of the classified NIE to Miller on that
occasion because it was thought that the NIE was pretty definitive against what Ambassador Joe
Wilson had said and that the vice president thought it was very important for the key judgments
of the NIE to come out. Mr. Libby has said to have testified that at first he
rebuffed Mr. Cheney's suggestion to release the information because the estimate was classified.
However, according to the vice presidential aide Mr. Cheney subsequently said he got permission
for the release directly from Mr. Bush. Defended testify that the vice president later advised
him the president of the authorized dependent to disclose the relevant portions of the NIE
in prosecution filing said. Mr. Libby told the grand jury he also sought the advice of legal counsel
to the vice president David Addington who indicated that Mr. Bush's permission to disclose the
estimate amounted to a declassification of the document according to the new court papers.
Put them all in jail. That's what I say including that phony John McCain.
So this compromise? Yeah, compromise. Yes, you phony baloney. Man, you talk about air zots.
You talk about something or someone who is not even close to a being with what they would like
you to think that they are. There he is. Sure, they comprehend.
See, and that's why God puffed up his teeth like that. You don't know that, don't you?
I do know. Remember what God did to Jerry Lewis? Oh, yeah. You better watch it.
606 votes on the pool. What makes me really, it just makes me a week at the knee.
Maybe that's the blood. I don't know.
Because we could have really, we could have been a contender today.
We could have kicked some serious big fat smelly bloody hairy ass.
Do you think? Yeah, whatever. I know Josh is pretty bummed out about it.
He's pretty bummed out that Joe came in and talked to you and didn't talk to him.
Didn't he pay you out of back and say, hey, you're next man. We'll take care of you.
Yeah, that's what he did. Didn't do nothing. I didn't even come anywhere near you.
Didn't he? He said hi.
Yeah, and that was it. Pretty much. You give him the high sign?
The higher palli sign. Yeah, the high sign.
614 votes. See, this is what happens when you've got a place run by glam.
Of all the things that Neil talks about, which is the most interesting to you, politics,
276, nothing even close. Just rip those Nazis and ass.
Inside radio stuff, 92, and you mark my words when we get back into radio, we'll let you know.
Then we'll really start leaning on it.
Religion only 62. They don't want to hear that religious crap.
I hate this poll 42. Hockey's got.
Bats are in me. I had a hair stop with an nonsense.
Food and restaurants 29, gay stuff 23, Jewish stuff 17.
What about Jewish gay stuff like Harvey Firestein?
Yeah, something just on to me. I was taken leaked before or maybe I was getting that bandaid.
I was in the tea room. Yeah, and just on to me that
Joe Bell is kind of like a goesia Harvey Firestein.
I just want to be loved. Is that so bad?
So wrong. Is it so wrong? Whatever. Whatever you say.
So you're the expert. I never saw that movie. I can't stand Harvey Firestein.
Neither. I was not in gambling 12.
Health problem 7. Immigration 6. Amsterdam 6. Amsterdam.
The track 6. Diet talk 3 in the stock market 3. So the ones at the bottom there last the 4.
5. No health problems. They don't care about health. They all have a death wish like Hank.
Immigration. Amsterdam. No more that the track. Forget about that except the spots when they pay.
Diet talk. No moss. And the stock market.
You got those mark mark. There was four or five now. Got it.
And if I ever start, you know, in fact, just just said no. What's his name?
Jesse Agriwin had to place some spots in the control while I'm talking about it.
To kind of like distract the audience.
People's staff infractions. It's none other than Josh Bolton who collects pictures of presidential
hands. You mean John Balton?
Josh Bolton. That guy who has a fetish with presidential hands.
I don't want him. No, not Michael Bolton.
Josh Bolton. Presidential hand picture collector is here to sing about his collection of
presidential hands for you.
Josh Bolton's I Love Hands includes all time favorites like Chica Hat.
Don't kick him. No, hand me down hand.
Cherry Board has a slow hand and I want a picture of your hand.
Oh yeah. I have lots of pictures of presidential hands and I collect pictures of presidential hands.
Let's cross my office.
On this open bread with your Joe Guy.
On this.
Let's cross my office.
On this and my hands.
On my five.
Get John Bolton's I Love Hands today and give a hand.
Or just give him a finger. It's 1143 17-colonacum.
We got Gully at two, mad dog from the masters at four, and then we got the stuff, hurricane stuff.
How many QAM? Hello?
QAM?
And then nice sound. It is clean, quiet.
566-10560, 05-60, and if you're right, then see you at a wireless line.
Just ready for a real big Fourier call there, and of course, there aren't any.
What is these are really the signs of the times, man, in this place?
The signs of the times, not good.
Speaking of the signs of the times, Gully and handing them to three bucks or more.
Oh, boy. Yeah, you better get that 58 bucks back.
What are you laughing about?
If I was you, I'd go into counting right now, and I would count on somebody who's pissed back there,
and say, look, you bastards cost me 58 bucks yesterday because I didn't get paid on payday.
You know, I'm money in there.
And I'm not going to pay the 58 bucks out of my pocket.
I'm just some kind of a schlepper, okay?
I got a wife and two kids that are a dog to support, and the payments to make,
and you're screwing up my life. That's what I would do.
And then of course, as you walked away, you did them all chuckling.
That's right.
Like that.
Shouting behind your back.
WQAM, hello?
I've got a great show.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Fanta white is 48.
No.
Check it out.
I did.
Check it out.
He's 59 and she's 57.
I checked it out online.
I googled it.
Check it again.
You know, check this.
Fanta white is 48.
My ass.
Just look at those feet.
Shit.
In fact, if you were to say 98 that I bought that sooner,
well, why would I want to check it again?
Did I make it up?
Don't you remember the day we had to check it again?
Like you'd check it anyway.
There must be check-its.
Maybe it's Chubby Checker.
Somebody QAM, hello?
Somebody QAM, hello?
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay.
I'm just calling to say hello, love the show.
And I'd love to hear when you talk about
your personal life because we're a lot of the store at work.
And we like to hear the people you run into
and your funny stories.
That's what I like to hear.
Okay.
Well, I run over as many as I can.
Of course, that's that's when I was driving.
I don't have no car here.
I can't run over too many people.
In fact, you're so polite here that if you run over Canadians,
they do oops.
Oh, sorry.
Sorry, I got in your way.
Her birthday, you know how old she is?
How old is she?
That guy was a lot closer than the other ones.
He's 49.
Okay.
So where did that other stuff come from?
I don't know.
We googled it.
That's what you know.
She went, well, was somebody gave us some bum information?
This one says,
birthday, February 1857, it would make her 49.
So that guy was much closer than I was.
Let's find all the other ones.
You ought to apologize.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
We ought to find a whole bunch of dates
and then just average them out.
Okay.
I mean, I know they got a lot of good makeup,
just like some of these people
been on these soap operas for a hundred years.
Oh, by the way, Ross Marlowe,
they couldn't afford to pay him anymore.
I'm guiding him like he went to ABC
so now they kill them off in a plane crash.
Likely story.
I mean, you people are pathetic.
Let's see, Pat SayJack biography.
Born October 26, 1946.
So 54, he said, he said, I was right on him.
He's 59.
Okay.
So in other words, he didn't change it.
I have a feeling that she must have changed hers
because he didn't see my state.
She was 57.
He was 59.
Uh-huh.
Well, he is 59.
Okay.
And I'm not buying it.
She's all of a sudden she went from 57 like 49.
And then this guy's got a 48.
Pretty sure he's going to be a teenager again.
That's a charo did.
She got her age legally.
Charo.
Ooh.
Charo.
Kuchi kuchi.
I didn't even know you could do that.
What?
Charo?
That she changed her age legally.
I can do it.
Spring is barely here but the gasoline prices
have already begun climbing toward perhaps beyond
$3 a gallon for the summer driving season.
There's more play than usual anticipation
of increased demand for vacationers
so they can rip you off and bleed you dry.
Oil refineries are working through major changes
to the composition of gasoline and diesel fuel.
With Kuroa prices already $9 a barrel higher than a year ago
because of those ragheads over there in Saudi Arabia
and because we got Hibo Charo's all Piod and Ben-Athuela.
Analysts, expect to...
You know something serious.
The Saudis make me so angry.
I sold a little bit of the Fahrenheit again last night.
And when I showed the scene there in the middle of the movie
with the ragheads sitting around
and then there's Bush one shaking their hands.
Oh yeah, my good friend.
Yeah, my good Carlaw group friends.
I just want to vomit when I see that.
I just want to go like right on my expensive Samsung
46 in screen but I don't do it.
God, does it make me sick?
And remember in the movie then they show it from a distance too.
They should have showed it close up.
We'd have probably all puked.
We'd have like having a public be heading in Riyadh in Saudi Arabia.
Remember that?
Yeah.
And they show that scene from a very far
from a long distance shot and they're like
they just shot the guys head off
and the head goes rolling one way
and the body flops the other way.
Hey, there's those good those
civilized people of the Saudis.
Two bandier rackies can be more like them.
It wasn't a clean cut either.
He had a whack at a couple of times.
Oh God.
In the last month average gasoline prices
in Philadelphia have clients if we care about them.
Climb up about 30 minutes.
In a sense of gallon or 13% to 260 a gallon.
Tripoli mid-Atlantic reports in South Jersey
the three day average was 242.
Mark Braverman of Jamison has noticed the upturn
because of the park to 12 mile a gallon
Lincoln Aviator in favor of a sob 9-3 convertible
which gets 24 miles to a gallon.
If I have a vehicle that gets better my
license economics he said after gasping up
he was gasping it.
The federal government reports yesterday
that gasoline inventors had declined
for the fifth straight week.
Maintaining upward pressure is Maria Bacteromo
would say with those heavy bags under her eyes.
Maria Bacteromo there's pressure pressure.
Maintaining upward pressure on prices.
It's going to be another summer of very
vulnerable prices with $3 as well within reach
for the Ben Rockwell Editor-in-Chief
of the oil price information services.
Oil price information services my ass.
Now what is that another bogus organization
and a bunch of clowns getting paid you know.
Now that's probably why we got to pay so much for gas
to pay for all these organizations.
We'll screw them and the Pakistan under-present.
Screw them too.
We got 600 votes in and this or what?
Oh 651 we got to shout at something.
I don't know what it is.
I think if Joshua had been really pushing it
we'd still made a thousand.
See you're such a defeatist man.
Well so sorry.
No no you got I understand you got other things to worry about.
You got to be in a right frame of mind when Joe comes in
and says what time's good for you for a little sit down.
Yeah all right you know how you respond to that.
Let me give you a little advice.
Okay please.
You'll hold up that finger and you say hey Joe sit on this.
That'll do it.
I recommend your thumb.
You hold up your thumb.
No no that's a little boy that's Tom Thumb
who pulled out a plum.
At least he said it was a plum.
A little jack horde.
Let's sat in the corner eating his curds and
way with a little mousse muffin.
And what is that curds and way by the way?
And did you Google Van a white butt
because I'm getting a little aggravated about this
because I didn't make that up.
I have no I have no problem.
I watch that show every night.
I mean she I could take her early.
You know she's overrated.
She has no no boobs at all none.
She don't even have raisinettes.
I mean for nine years I don't look too bad.
Huh?
Did you Google it out loud?
Data births.
February 18th 1957 is the first result that came up.
Yeah well that's what I just got from my MDV.
And then come up with a better one on that.
Because you know these brawds man they like to change their age
they like to shuffle it around.
She probably found out it got out of the closet
that she was like a hundred years old
so they changed it again.
Now I know I got that right off.
I googled it.
Do you find any other ones?
Look at it.
Well make up some.
658 votes man if we got to like 750 by the top of the R
which of course couldn't happen but if we did.
It's all ares fault that's what we're going to blame today.
It's all ares fault for screwing off yesterday.
Freighting them many many results with February 18th 1957.
Told you she's 49.
So that's so that guy because it's already April now.
So he wasn't right either.
Although he didn't inspire me to look it up again.
Okay so we can correct that.
We don't we don't want to be spread.
This is the whole misinformation about van.
We just send a big apology card to Van.
Yeah send her a big apology for rooting her career.
Say what's the big mcia here's an apology.
Yet the money she's getting paid to stand there
and pretending to be turning letters and stand there
and like that.
Oh god.
Can you imagine you worried about 58 bucks?
WQAM hello.
Robert could you lend a dime to an old old boy
for a cup of coffee on the Catholic?
WQAM hello.
Hey Neil how are you doing today?
Okay.
You know this oil.
There'll be oil price story that you just read there.
This $3 a gallon.
Remember the oil companies did a survey last year
saying that Americans would accept up to $3 a gallon?
Yeah.
I seem to remember you've got you reading that story.
Yes.
Well you know the one domain.
Well no except whatever it takes they don't care.
Yeah.
Five bucks.
Like that rocket scientist who figured out
that he should drive a sob instead of a suburban you know.
Yeah.
But it's the oil companies that have I read in the Houston Chronicle
just a few weeks ago that the oil companies have reduced their
refinery output by 10 to 15 percent.
And here's why I read it in the business section.
Here's why because of lagging quarterly profits.
Was there a claim?
How do you like that?
That's interesting because I just got through reading about
record profits for all these companies.
I think the real reason is that they believe in one thing.
Yeah.
Banging rate is funny.
Yeah exactly.
But another thing I have for you in the proof that even a stop
clock is right one today.
There's a check out the Fred Grimm column today.
It's about Catherine Harris and her connection to this
dominionist preacher that she went to school this
with preacher.
He's here to guard?
Yeah.
This guy that she went to that was her mentor you know
of her religious mentor.
You read a short story about that a couple weeks ago.
But check out the Fred Grimm's op-ed column today.
Don't forget to me.
Okay.
Well say about how he thank you so much.
Check out Fred Grimm in the room.
So we find out a hundred more websites and she's still 49.
Aren't you relieved at that that she's only 49?
No.
I could care less.
I could care how old she is.
She's 109.
She's just she's just like a window dressing
and not not good dressing like salad dressing.
Only a little little launching.
672 votes.
You realize it could easily be like 972 right now.
172.
1272.
1572 could be like a real boost to our ego at a time when we
needed it so badly.
So desperately.
When our mismanagement is just flailing and floundering around.
Hey everybody like me if you like me.
Maybe if he keeps coming in there and depending on the back you like him.
Or maybe if he actually signs that deal with norm.
Okay.
Because I'll tell you one thing.
No seriously if you don't if you don't talk to Santino
when they're making that deal.
You're gonna have some real tourists.
You think 58 bucks was bad.
5670560.
0560 on the Verizon singular wireless line.
Just rollin' long singing a song.
George on vacation next week.
I'll be on vacation a week after that.
And of course come June whatever it is the middle of June there.
Another vacation for me and then we go on at George three days a week.
I only work two days and three days in the summertime to which I say.
I sure apologize.
I feel so bad about that.
Yeah right.
Feel really guilty about that.
You probably drive all the vacation all summer long.
You're not doing my duty.
WQAN hello.
We've had dies in.
WQAN hello.
Oh I think this is the commitment of Paul.
Oh it's all worth the time.
This hands-on workshop addressing time.
It's not the same rock.
It's usually.
It includes an exercise in title examination.
Using a stopper information.
Surgeon's hand cover.
It's a different page.
That's not a little bit like Joyce to me.
WQAN hello.
When I saw that crucifix I said hello again.
Other.
WQAN hello.
No.
Bad Linda Blair.
Yes ma'am.
How are you?
Good.
Good.
Listen I'm keeping first.
I got the best of feeding and I was wondering how I could exchange it
because it's something it's messed up and it's skipping.
Are there any left to be able to exchange that?
Oh there's a couple left yet.
There's a few around them.
How would I go about doing that?
Are there any left to do with that?
There's a few guys that are ones that came up with this.
They're welcoming me idea.
You could bring it to the station and get one or something.
I tell you guys going to be around anywhere that I can
you know meet the van or maybe.
Maybe I'll meet the van.
That's another department but how about this put her on hold we'll get her number.
Okay I'm going to put you on hold.
Give it to the appropriate parties or have someone contact her like either.
We'll have them in fact we'll have them get on the camera right here.
I'll give you one.
Bring it to your house and give you a raise.
I'll give you a raise for the trouble.
Hello.
I need to go out in Canada.
You think you hung up on her?
Yeah.
Did I hang up on her?
She'll call back if that's what I think.
Well what was that?
Well what that was that?
Either you hung up on her or it was a joke.
You did?
Oh okay.
I hung up on her.
That was a story to happen.
No, he saw it happen.
That's right he saw you hang up on her and put her on hold.
You can see which finger I'm holding on.
This is the new Roger.
Looks like a finger.
This is 5.62.8.
Mr. King, I'd like to relax by having Mary Magno in the side of my balls while listening to the
Neil Rogers 12th of one hour.
Every job that's got one
like 7 million made of border runs.
I hear on protest for the rights of an alien they say this law is so.
Our heli calls are Spanish speaking foreign people.
They've got a reason for the event.
They even go to my school.
And then they say these thoughts made good enough.
They just said on a corner to you fit them up.
It would change their life if they didn't take your food.
And we're all so screwed.
And it's not just politicians who are playing the fool.
We're filled with all this emotion that we can get through.
They take the kind of job that we do not want to do.
Give them green cards make it legal or else shut up for found it.
I'm a Googling like crazy or it's his van a white just turned 117.
Now is that possible?
Is that just the propaganda?
That's right she's mummified.
Is that proper gander?
And then I Google a van and I get past sage act.
Talk about joined at the hip.
Anyway, when you get off that wheel of fortune crap 5 6 7 0 5 6 you get that lady called
you know don't call it again.
I mean see that's another reason I think involved in that stuff.
It's defective or what do I do?
What are we going to begin?
We already had a zit in those calls.
You know like when we're going to get it already I ordered like five minutes ago that stuff.
You mean that outpouring of appreciation that we always got?
Yeah.
Yeah.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and a variety of things to run us lines.
WDQ way in order line.
Hello.
Hey Neil it's more it's more fake and you hung up on me.
Well I was strictly an accident.
I don't want to say something else if I might.
Go ahead.
Oh okay well actually to George George did you grow up like that just born again?
I spent some time but I didn't grow up that way.
I grew up Catholic but I spent some time being born again.
Oh okay well it's a regular Bible different from the Christian Bible or the Catholic Bible.
The Catholic Bible is different from the King James version if that's what you're asking.
Okay because some people pointed out to me it says in Revelation and I was just wondering how
you know if this is true or not.
It says.
So I testify under every man that here is the word of the prophecy of this book.
Is any man?
Oh what happened?
I think I hung up on it already.
Oh no no we didn't remember we got our number.
Good thing you did that before I went into a coma.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and a variety of things to do.
I'm going to have to dip back into my poem.
I'm going to see these people are definitely material.
They're getting their matsu ready for next week.
You can go to bible.com and it'll list any further.
Why are you telling her that?
Any version that you want to get her?
Who cares off our ass?
Who cares?
Well she's off our ass because she's hung up on her ring.
Oh she'll be back.
Bible.com.
What's she's going to get the same response?
Okay I think God purpose a gate with effective V.C.D.
Right.
You can look up any version of you.
Who cares what it says?
Does the King James say this and the King Edward and King George and King Ashweta?
Who cares?
Get with it.
Stop with the nonsense.
70 Q.A.M. Hello.
Man that was ponderous.
That was almost like the first.
All this is ponderous is this yeah.
70 Q.A.M. Hello.
Yeah how do I exchange this V.D.
instead of just hanging up on me?
What?
I think it was an active guide.
It wasn't I could go.
It was a deal.
Don't call me again.
Okay I don't want to talk to you.
Call George at home.
Send him a picture maybe he'll come over and deliver you a new one.
I just can't do like that.
They'll bring both my body.
Try to be very nice.
I tried like you.
I hit the wrong button the first time disconnected.
I mean the right button now though.
I wanted to put around hold so you could like do nice by her because she helped us out.
Never again.
Never again with the CD.
You know that's when you need to beat the crap out of that.
That's you fair.
Oh God.
How about this?
Email me Jorge at Neil Rogers dot com.
There you go.
He'll take care of it.
I'll take care of the CD.
The O-R-G-E.
That's right.
Jorge.
The Bible story.
Don't ask you.
Were you like a born again?
Were you like born the first time?
Were you like uh do they forget to take away the umbilical cord?
The good news is I'm dead again now.
I don't want to hear the good news.
I know I know it's from the bad news.
Most of it comes from that place.
WDQA and Religion class.
Hello.
He's a grandpa at night at 2AM.
Hello.
Hello.
Definitely he rots in hell.
Yes sir.
That says Neil Rogers.
Yes.
I'm sorry I could hear you.
Um I was wondering if you would take a call regarding the third
but the horse is just a biblical talk.
Surabran horses?
Yes I want to say with a good time I had down at the New Gulf Stream
and I don't know if you had a little interest you but I just started
playing around with that.
I'm in terminal coma inducing man.
I'd rather talk to that the broad again about her CD.
He had a good time with the New Gulf Stream.
He didn't sound old enough to go to Gulf Stream.
He had to be at least 100 and have ID and BYOB bring your own bag.
Although I hear that Gary Puckett and Union Gap are going to be entertaining
out there in the out in the parking lot.
Not getting paid for it they're just they just got nothing else going on.
So they're going to be like setting up there where a crap in the parking lot.
Get away from me.
WDQA and hello.
How are you?
Pretty good.
All right just to let you know Chris Bush is back in town.
Yeah okay good.
567 05 60 pound 56.
I told you they're going to be good to start.
How many times do you call so far?
About 30 minutes.
Right.
Not to mention that that flamer.
What do you say something about Chris Bush's?
I don't think that's what he said.
We all know.
We know a whole bunch of you.
WDQA and hello.
Okay so if I call five times in a row telling you that the shirt's too big
the CD doesn't fit in the slot.
Do I get the same kind of treatment?
Yes.
Unbelievable.
Give us some pathetic.
Well I wanted to give you guys an appreciative thanks because you know you guys
who go through all this work and I hear all the song of the dance about
nobody ever calls and everybody's with the stupid dancers of the CD scratch
and do you have a phone and a meeting in the lot?
I appreciate it.
I'm bought up for the last couple of years.
Well we appreciate the fact that you have to sound because believe you mean
this is the worst.
This is the most embarrassing.
The worst thing I've ever been involved in my life.
You know we've been doing this for years on different stations.
And this thing is just degenerated to a point where it's
well what's the point?
Yeah it's just nobody cares.
Nobody thinks.
I don't download it off the internet although it's all over the place.
I spend a lot of money.
It is.
Of course that's why it just reached a certain point and then it stops
because they're all like grabbing it up for free you know.
Yeah.
It's a luge.
All right have a good afternoon.
Thanks a lot Pally.
I appreciate it.
See there's a good guy.
It doesn't do.
He doesn't have to call it and he knows it's out there for free.
You can still in it but that and that's I told you that.
That's why I wanted to be part of this thing.
And you and your buddy Miguel.
Oh no it's going to be great.
You'll say right that's what we said.
Now what's the either one of you is that you're fair enough.
You know she don't come around no more.
Was she in there this morning?
No.
No.
And rightfully so.
Boy.
You see the whole the whole places is everything is upside down.
People want to be in programming.
They're in sales.
People who want to be in sale.
Who should not be in sales?
Who ought to be out on the street panhandling?
They're our sales department.
People who want to be in the circus.
They're like in management.
You know people ought to be like playing bozo the clown.
Hey Pally.
That's everything going all right.
Seriously it's like I've been in this business 100 years.
I have never worked for a clown before.
Oh I don't know about that.
No I'm talking about a real clown.
Although I will say that I don't know about
Carabell and the Red Nose.
That's exactly what I was thinking.
I don't think about Greg Reed and the Red Nose.
Oh and of course Mike Disney had a Red Nose.
That's what I was in a different day.
Different kind of Red Nose.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What a what a long kid he is.
Now what what a what a long a lump a human lump.
Disney.
The IOD days what I was really something.
Remember him puking in the waist basket all that.
Rio real loser.
That's my opinion.
I'm Mike Disney.
Yeah.
F me Ray.
F me Ray genius.
567.
Oh 565.
505.
60.
I wonder if he had a good time on St. Paddy's day.
Hi Disney.
Cargap and Vixen Lunch.
No he didn't.
Maybe Cheryl and Vixen Lunch and she can give you her Yanta routine again.
Hi.
Dave.
Don't you want to talk to the princess?
We've had so many princesses.
Wow.
The goddess in the princess.
WQIAM.
Hello.
Hi.
The CD is wonderful but I just can't hear it.
And I was I wasn't quoting the Bible.
I was who is this?
Who is this?
Is this you again?
I was agreeing with you.
Is this you again?
I was.
Hi.
Hi.
Didn't you just give out on a year your email address for you to like have her?
You know we have done everything except come to your house and give you a thousand
dollars in cash.
George's and I have no idea why because basically he's a hard hard and fast dude.
But just because he's you know gets weak in the knees when he hears a female voice.
Therefore he went along and gave it to email address.
Email him.
He will personally take care of it to see gets replaced.
But no she keeps calling and calling and calling.
And by the way here's another like Bernie gets would say.
Here's another one for you.
No extra charge.
Oh there's that look at that.
McKinney will vote in favor of the resolution honoring the capital police.
Isn't that lovely?
That's to try to make up for it I guess.
Oh and I regret its escalation and I apologize.
Thank you Mrs. Smith.
Gentlemen from my always recognize.
But just speaker.
Oh boy and now Mrs. Limbaugh comes down all breathless.
I can't hear that.
She apologizes because they want to hurt the throne of asking jail or something.
For not not for hitting the carpet for bad haircut.
724 you know we actually still got a shot Josh if you would stop just
worrying so much about yourself and what you're going to get 15 bucks an hour.
You'd be lucky to get 15 cent an hour net joint.
You got a lien on these people.
731 we could still do it in spite of Eric.
It seems like you know we're not that I'm paranoid you understand.
But seems like they're after us from every angle every direction.
Even these red answered are calling on my knee where I got the skin.
Oh yeah.
731 that stuff.
Do you think we could do it?
We could.
Especially if your girlfriend calls back at least two three more times.
WNQAM hello.
Neil I'll take Daniel every time.
WNQAM hello.
QAM hello.
How you doing?
Okay.
Hey I wanted to talk about either if Neil or George has seen the movie What's Up Leap Do We Know.
Try to connect the physics of spirituality and science and what they think they're taking
on a new maybe a new factory was so called non-home man their fascination with females.
I need to get that.
That's a lot of material to go.
Yeah okay we'll write all those down a little bit.
We'll see what Neil and George think about that.
We'll email you back.
We'll think about those.
567 I think he's talking about chicks with.
Right.
Fix.
567 0560 pound 560 and they've arrested in singular wireless line.
744
beat.
ia
We'll have the
.
air
22
22
23
That's it.
I just want to make an announcement, okay?
Thank God.
The fewer deans I have with women in my life.
I mean, my mother is almost two years now that she sleeps with the fishes, you know?
She took at least ten years off my life.
The greatest kvech and nougin in the history of mankind.
She just could have had one good VM.
Now I got her out of the way and now I got to put up with this.
I commiserate.
I really do.
I really commiserate with all of you heterosexual men feel our pain.
That's just a pity.
The price that you have to pay for little action.
I do mean little usually.
From at its past noon at 5.60 WQM,
what if everything you thought you knew about your home equity turned out not to be true?
What if the most commonly held beliefs about paying down mortgage debt and traditional retirement planning?
We're not giving you the best chance for success.
Tonight, the financial education institute is conducting a free seminar for South Florida homeowners entitled Common Sense Strategies for a successful equity management.
Would you like to learn how to pay off your mortgage in half the time?
Or maybe increase your spendable retirement income by 50% without increasing your current budget today?
Would you like to know what you can do right now to protect yourself from any declining real estate market?
South Florida homeowners are invited to attend this seminar tonight at 6.30 at the Holiday and Boint and Beach.
Free a charge thanks to paradigm well strategies.
Visit them online at fii-floorda.com or call right now to reserve your seat.
We are spot 954-389-8575.
Don't forget tonight's 6.30 Holiday and Boint and Beach.
Call 954-389-8575.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.60 Q.A.
Thank you.
Thank you.
We came to 7.10.
Hey, my marlins. They kicked me last night.
I'm just here to make you eat your words or up the teeth.
Oh, yeah. You know, I got something for you to eat, Jaggop.
I'll send you a dollar for every game over 70 that the marlins win.
And you send me 50 for every game under and we'll see what kind of a guy you are.
Okay? You on for that stupid eat my words.
Eat this.
Dope.
I have our hand-cold words.
7.10.
Sports radio classes.
Tension A.
Duff.
Get off this instant.
No.
No.
You're fair.
You ready for a bar of August right to handbook?
The lady you were scatting knows I go up.
Apparently she worked with that look at how.
I guess the bunny girl really got around.
She had a ticket from right next to her bed.
She could ride a down-to-sland and donate her hand.
She had a million famous men in her sleep.
From Albus Pressley to Andre Aguisee.
She was the crazy man's another cop ever.
She even had one of the smaller brothers.
I bet she even gave it an infancy cab.
No one could get away from around there.
One year and four of her went out and let us together a shot.
Corner of her and get to have better of this.
Infancy play the plot.
Get surprising since the rep you taste in it as you sing.
They didn't bother collecting the sting of clean.
She must have been a really busy lady.
She even made some darker war in baby.
Her wild days are over since she grew old in.
We're getting pretty charles and Christmas offers then.
They fly with me and my body's all summer and laugh.
We got Maritumans run around there.
Oh, hey.
By the way, answer that.
Oh, I just wanted to put it in the last ending there.
Wow.
The answer to the second part of that guy's question.
I think it's like guys who are into big boobs.
It's the same thing.
And the people are attracted to gigantic organs.
They don't care what they're attached to.
So I see the board and cow.
Fatal one and saying?
No.
Well, he would.
12, 17, and 5, 60, and WDQ.
And maybe we can get that nice lady on again four or five more times before two o'clock.
What do you say?
Don't taunting.
Maybe she can talk to Geltie a little bit.
I beg your pardon?
Don't tempt her.
No, it's an invitation.
Come on.
Let's see if he can do it.
I'm sure she can because she's getting right through over and over again.
And if she does, you know, send a picture.
I like to deliver it to the house.
Yeah, deliver this.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60 and leave a rise in singular right-ass lines.
WDQ, way MCD, repair line.
Hello.
Hey, I know how you doing.
Okay.
Good to see you.
Good to hear from you.
Good to see you too, Aziz and Paisa.
You know, getting into that stadium situation, the Yankees will knock down Yankees stadium and build the new stadium.
Yeah, what are the owners?
Well, the owner is going to pay for it.
Yeah.
Oh, wow.
Us guys, Hank Tyke and Lickley.
Okay.
Good luck to you.
Whatever you said.
I know a sun settle trick a poll on it.
Is this morning they're doing that or was it yesterday and time flies?
And, uh, Marlins have lost a lot of fans.
You've faced a lot of people often chase them away.
I'm pretty sure it's this morning, Suns settle.
I'm going to take a few-catter right now, as a matter of fact, if that thing pops up,
what their website gives you real, don't go on a Suns settle website.
You'll get some horrible disease if you do.
You'll get very, very, very, very sick.
Oh, there it is.
Now, let's see if that poll, uh-oh, Cuban Chute 2, killing 1 in migrants smuggling attempting to do
the Epinar del Rio.
The Cuban Coast Guard shot two suspected migrants smugglers from the United States killing 1
when they, uh, they and a third man refused orders to halt their speedboat as it near the island.
Death sentence handed down in stomping murder of Hollywood retiree.
Gabby Tennis was sentenced to death on, uh, today for the stomping murder of 91-year-old disabled
war veteran in his Hollywood home.
Good.
Now, let's see, where's that poll about the, uh, Marlins?
You got it?
No, they took it off already.
They changed it.
Yeah, they were a second wind as they were doing, taking it really, uh, bad news.
A lot of people, of course, a whole bunch of people didn't care about in the first place,
like me.
A lot of people ain't going no more.
They're cutting way down in the games.
They're just going to stop going all together.
You can't put it in.
I know they, they scored a lot of runs out there in that series.
Big deal.
They still lost two out of three games and everybody in their brother's sand.
They're going to lose a hundred games in series.
Now, with the Scuttlebottes, Jack, that's what they're saying.
That's what they're all saying.
Because the public has had the carpet pulled the flying carpet pulled out from them too many times already.
And you know how the Arab street gets pissed off when you pull the flying carpet out from their feet?
Just when they were about to like bend over and sniff the guy in the...
Break down in front of him.
I just don't know how the hell they do that, yeah.
All the real religious men and nuts.
You just, you watch them, what they're doing.
You just think, well, what is this?
How could anybody keep convinced to do such crap?
Oh, that's what God wants you to do.
Or is that what it is?
Yeah.
What about Allah?
Him too.
WQAM, hello.
All of it.
WQAM, hello.
We're rolling it.
She'll get back in.
WQAM, hello.
Can you put some more of that Mumble music?
567-0560.
It's see that cruise music.
Cut the crap.
Mumble my ass.
I think that's the name of it.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
QAM.
Good.
Yeah.
Question about how long.
How long?
WQAM, hello.
I'll give it up.
No.
No way.
It's through charge.
All right.
And our last one, WQAM, hello.
Rumping out.
Hello.
He's huge.
567-0560.
Come on.
Come on.
Let me get back to my pile.
Okay.
I thought this might work today, but it ain't going to happen.
Really?
What did you think that?
Well, why not.
It's April 6th.
Oh, is that one?
It's just it's error of a paysock and it's getting close to Easter Sunday and the good Friday and bad Friday and ask Wednesday and all these things
You'll see you have little faith WQ. I am hello. Yeah, how you doing? All right. All right listen
I've been listening to you in and out of the car did you mention the fact that what's his name?
I
Who is it?
the
That was yesterday we mentioned he died. Yeah, yesterday
And that was him that's the soft little theme song you got it
Okay, say goodbye pal, so news or the United States in anything you died over last weekend for Christ
Access Thursday already we got two
Slides exotic to today 760 when we played all kinds of deep-pity music yesterday
We talked about him. I talked about how bizarre looking guy. He was and look like this right there
You know, they count without 50 man
He's still there 65 and just the dice
You went to bed one night and guess what?
You got
760s we man if we can get to like 850 by the top of the hour we could do it Josh
850 by one o'clock. I think we're gonna do it. Yeah, I think you're full of crap
Well, here's here's a finger for you. Well, thanks you toured
They took that the pool on a Marlon thing off it or the Sunsail, but hey there. Oh, they're so slippery really slippery
763 of all the things we tell another it should be no problem on here, you know
Just make one up or just say I hate this pool. That's what most of them do anyway
Stock market when's the last time I mentioned anything about the stock market? He said it avoided all costs, right?
I don't remember the first time now
No, that was the Rick Riley show you're thinking of what it did for them. Look what it is for Rick and your buddy's son
Somebody Q.A.M. Hello
Yeah, what's the either scaling we've you want it yesterday, but he said it real fast to get it on the air and guess what he didn't
Not that we really care. They've got a guy. I read the whole thing a scary view
Are you sure a Phil Henry? He's got his own TV show about it's not his own TV show
No, he wanted to mind it. He thinks his own because they couldn't shut him up at the interview screen and oh
Brother there was screaming
I don't like the fact that he said that really
Fast where they talk
I got this for it's too bad. We can't say the a whole war because I just it's very sad
So many and so little time
Wtq. I am hello. Yeah, sir
Did you read on the air the article that did the study on whether prayer helped the
Yeah, yeah, yeah, we did it last week
without it was excellent
Yeah, and I just like the fact that the conclusion I mean if you want to throw out the fact that there's no back
I know the church he's only here is that the only other conclusion is that doesn't want to hear their whining
Yeah, I think you what value I'll pray for you. Okay, no, I think that back. I'll pray for us
I'll pray for us because when you work at QA and you haven't got a prayer. He's not no mo no mo
Dodo Dodo Dodo. Well, we sure wish we had him back even just for comic relief
Wtq. I am hello
Wtq. I am hello
Uh, Neil please speaking. Hey Neil. How are you today good?
Neil I'm on a roof. I'm in the roofing business and I'm listening to you at the same time
That makes me doubly high and doubly good and doubly wonderful. Don't jump man
It's not least cause I can do it. Don't jump. I'm not gonna jump. I have fallen twice, but that's okay
Because I'm already I get up and I walk away from it. Right. That's the way to do it
But I want to thank you for everything we listen to you all the time you the great
I'm gonna try that on my balcony out here my my tonight floor. I'm gonna give it a shot right now
I'm gonna
I'll now just brush it off. Okay. Thanks, pal. All right stay high
He's up there. Hi, man. That's George can relate to it
I'm gonna start doing a lot of drugs. I think well what other cigars I get here by the way
Even though it's up now for quite some time, but a nice dog you would be better than well, huh? That's your good friend
Oh, that's your good buddy bread schmuck a schmendrick man bread up in high
Oh, yes, he ripping me in a Monday rip me on here. You're an idiot
You're an idiot and you and fat boy. No, what do they got together so soon man? I'm actually made in purgatory those two
Fat boys probably using them as a seat cushion
Oh God you think we can do it get that thousand. I'll tell you what we'll stay until we do nobody wants your guilty anyway
770 if we can get to 800 by the bottom of the hour
Well, it's only 1226 we got 772
We'll give it our best shot. Okay, I think we'll stay until we get a thousand votes and until that lady calls back to you four more times
You know CD repair lady
Mm-hmm. It's kept that's wonderful, but it's a skip the call. Okay
See if you would have shut up and an addition of which I mean stuff to think about this
You gave the you gave the after long after she was hung up the last time you gave the email address again
Mm-hmm, and she still claims she's got the radio down see I don't I don't tell you to turn the radio down and keep it down say
silly person
Ernie there's a contact all the contact information name and number and address
Right there on the website customer service if you have a problem there you go go on the website. Okay, look it up
But that's okay. We'll do a little research okay. No, no, you won't don't you dare do it
I'll mess up that deal on Monday for you if you if you do it all right. I'll wait to see the picture
Yeah, she's there's something in it for me picture my ass then you get all I don't want to do that
Then you got a pretty good idea
You know it's the 27 past noon
If that didn't work up a healthy appetite the emerald coastal to it
The emerald coast is Florida's number one Asian gourmet buffet is rated by Zagat restaurant review believe me
They know their stuff and right now the emerald coast every Friday through Sunday night
You can enjoy lobster for I'm gonna take nothing but calls every day from now. I just made up my mind
All this reading these stories and working my ass just take a lot of stupid ass calls
I'm serious is there any other questions?
It's a good idea as long as he don't have to screen him. Oh, I forgot to mention Josh is gonna be screening him
I'll have to deal with ladies like that
Hey, you like dealing with ladies. That's what I do
Or you don't know I just said I do
And I'll pronounce you
Man without a country just give Joe Belly that high sign for me next time he comes in hey Joe
Here you go and he has a message for us. Just give me a Anthony Scalia deal
That's that he comes in give a little chin music now
I'll be Friday to Sunday night you can enjoy lobster fest featuring main lobster served thermidor style
And every night his craft fest with lask and snow crab legs dungeon this crabs and Jonah stone crabs
The menu still includes fresh oysters on a half-sale and a sushi bar with over 30 different items count them one by one
Uno by Uno the emerald coast is also serving delicious juicy New York steaks cook just the way you love them
Handcar prime rib and Ziggins of other delights as well and on the weekends for dessert leave room for the emerald coast
40 inch chocolate fountain got only knows where you can stick an ad baby handip your own strawberries marshmallows all these fantastic
Vicket and fruits check out their new out you can eat sushi bar featuring sashimi tuna tautaki over 20 different types of sushi rolls
And much more staring right back at your ass the emerald coast with three convenient locations to serve you
They're in sunrise sunny hours beach and pepper pines reservations suggested call the emerald coast and really pick out this weekend
Why the hell not world's gonna come to an end someday anyhow call 9 5 4 5 7 2
3822 9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22 for the award winning the one the only the three in the only emerald coast Chinese buffet
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5 16
My junior honey
This is Katie Kurt from the today show when you see me every morning with my hair so shiny and bouncy
You may wonder G Katie how do you keep your hair so soft manageable and sexy my secret
Clare all new Olympic pigeon food shampoo
Every morning I drop a portified doll of the pigeons who are top-by-hand
massage it in and rent
So if you've watched overpaid ego-tistical talking has on television just like me and wanted to look as beautiful as we are
Your first step is to put a nice big glob of pigeons who ride here in your hair
See it see how it's taped up in the park and now run in my family scouts
Take a look America. I'll bet you're feeling more beautiful already. Join me. Don't you?
It's Clare all new Olympic pigeon food shampoo
Just part of our new line of shampoos also featuring Larry Bird hoon shampoo for men and Big Bird hoon shampoo for kids
Let's see what a joystay about that pigeon expires her activity. There was something in there about it
Wasn't it? I think she said I wouldn't poo on the best party you something like that. It's what I heard
1234 or 560 WQM. I'm inspired today. I really am this is
Yeah, huh? Are you I am you're not?
Do you want to hold different? I'm inspired we got a deal going for you. Thanks to me and Norma Kent right?
Thank you trying to pay the way for us and try to take care of my people the fact that they won't pay attention to Josh yet
But I'll start that I'll throw a hissy fit next week
Plus of course Josh is gonna be in a stronger position because he's gonna be sitting in your chair
That's right and he might leave some real nasty stains if they don't take care of his head. It's hot turkey
Right
788 that's not so great, but that's Eric's fault. I know this Eric had he's got tomorrow's pole on there already
See that's how he tries to make up for our school and obviously by being really on top of it today, you know too late Eric
Guess what
Don't do it again
Paul and L.A. says I don't know don't do these things stop I
Finally ordered my t-shirt and CD last night. Many thanks to you in George Josh and McGill
For helping the animals and giving us tons of last I'm enjoying these
Satellating calls today. Please keep up the bedtime stories. Oh, yeah. Yes. Luckily. I'm visiting in July
So I can come down and exchange my CD if I have any problems. Oh, there won't be any bad July. We're taking off that month
Where's the drop of the female saying how old that you played going into break from what I think he's talking about the guilty droughts your play today
Yeah, no female that's what that is and then there's always
Yeah, what's Kelly doing his own version of gay that
I always talk about get a new radio call get a new computer something
So he have forked out some money. You're probably a defective one too. So that should teach you right there
Don't be buying that merchandise because it's defective. I'm the defective detective like Colombo
788 it's not it's not moving man
We got to get to that 800 real fast and then move up from there fast 790 see what I'm saying 790. Oh
Of all the things that you'll talk about what is the most interesting to you politics 348
Yeah inside radio stuff 107 God, I wish we get back into business
Religion 80 I hate this full 56 Jewish stuff 44 food and restaurants 35 hockey 21 31 gay stuff
I like that about 30
Slides and gambling 17 then we draw the line immigration 10 no more with this illegal alien crap
Amsterdam 9 health problems 8 the track 8. Oh, yeah, that guy called from Gulf steam before you think that woman was boring
I died talk 4 and the stock market 3
Thorough bread racing my ass like China dolls they go out there
They're now on the race track for the before and the post parade
They're like barely even moving they're walking and they got to have the lead pony everyone because they're so fragile
It's like freak out and just go nuts and then when they go to the load of men a starting gate
It goes on and get them in there already waiting let's get the thing going here for crying out loud
Even waiting a half an hour in between races and they still can't get them into damn starting gate thoroughbred racing sucks
Okay, it is so boring
You never been to be ever been to the afterbred to the flats
Talking on me or don't either one of you. I've been to each one once we've been through this
Yeah, Gulf Stream
Calder
How about a hockey game popular in the several hockey
I'm a part of the necessarily hockey games really have you free tickets of course. Oh, okay. I'm going Sunday
You're going Sunday or what to the panther panther in the lightning type of it
That could be a big game. All the way down to panthers. You dead as a door nail
They're did done, but so there's no pressure that's good. Why are you going on Sunday? You get free tickets?
Of course I do and then once the other reason is gotta be an ulterior
There's some family in town figure we go to the panther game
Yeah, that's a good way to kill a day and get their ass out of the way and that's good
Anytime those pennies roll those come in taking this some ball games hockey games or something kill a few hours
Then they'll get their ass out of there quick and then they announce oh, well guess what we're staying for 12 days
And you say that's what you think
And then the neighbor across the street comes over and starts giving a religious track leaving him on the doorstep
5670560
At least you don't have a brother called Coca-Cola classic anyway. I'll five sixty-end of a ride and sing it a wireless line. Oh, God
WQAM. Hello
That's one of our better ones QAM. Hello. Yeah, Neil. See the repair line. Yes
This new Roger show speaking. Yes. Yeah, Neil. This is the Wayne from Geerfield Beach. Hey Wayne
Congratulations on your 30 years
Uh on the radio. I've enjoyed your program
I also want to call tell you about the green field pasta. I really enjoyed it
I'm not a diapetic, but I really enjoyed it. You don't have to be diabetic or Jewish to enjoy green field pasta
Yeah, I know that
also
I
Let a couple of my diabetic friends know about it and all of us want to thank you for letting us know about this great product
Excellent keep up the good word
Okay, thanks to Wayne, but that sounded like a commercial to me. That's not what you're doing boy
You're looking at all the money you're gonna be a product. Yeah. Hey, oh, that's right. I forgot about that
When you were in about 58 bucks, how do you got that big check coming from him?
That's right. Maybe at least some pasta. Oh, you dig in your pasta. What you paid for yes, I did get a case
I did I have a case. I got a case
I'm thinking I'm getting them elbows making that macaroni's and cheese. Mm-hmm
So you hadn't realized they got a caveat that that's a good point is that they now sell in the sauce section
feel like a little sauce
They sell like it probably I don't know cheese in the job. I have cheese in a jar. That's a good way to describe it right
Jesus Christ
So us and I don't think I've ever seen that have you seen it what he saw cheese in a jar. Yeah, you have
Oh, it's in the the Alfredo cheese the Alfredo sauce. I'm not talking about that
Alfredo sauce is not the cheese. It's got cheese in it, right
Cream, but they're not talking about that. That's not the kind of so I'm sure they knew me. I'm sure the macaroni's you got like velvita
Right melted just melted in a little crap product
What I like to believe I'm just talking about when you're horny for that kind of like really nasty stuff
20-21 gee
I don't want to keep taking calls. Let's not do any more breaks. Of course with this new sales department. I think we got to worry about that too much
You know what I'm saying?
We got we got we got the clown and the uh and the Yahoo man
Got a couple of clowns these guys are real now that's he like go go go fall when he's in that because I can't really see him christian
You go push all and go fall when he says stuff for just sliding stuff on the side of the knee haven't noticed
But I'll they get a part. Yeah, watch it next time when it comes in there feed me a lot of crap. Let me look at my knee. Oh look at that
Whoo
The bleeding is just about stopped okay because I skinted this and my new Roger
This is 5168
Howard David's a bitch
Having a bladder control problem is standing up what makes it worse is the constant worrying the worry that your problem is as obvious as
You'd announced it to the world
Is this like working?
Yeah, I got a bladder problem
Overactive bladder is a real medical condition
Detrol LA helps keeping overactive bladder
Oh speaking about all these religious man look at this just in
I'm trying to print it out, but if the Sun sent us for probably won't print oh
Well eventually for the show be over by that
Ancient manuscript may shed light on relationship between Jesus and Judas oh
No, you think Jesus was Judas
And ancient manuscript read we discovered after 1700 years May shed new light on the relationship between Jesus and Judas to disciple of be trade him
Remember Judas he was kind of like Joe Bell
Rather than the traitor as Judas is portrayed in the New Testament this document the gospel of Judas
Indicates the act of the request of Jesus to help him shed his earthly body see he was just helping out of the whole thing go on
That's all I mean this was the plan right where this God's plan that was the plan well
He was just being the facilitator man and you're picking on poor Judas
Let a vigorous debate on the significance of this fascinating ancient text begin the Reverend Donald Sr
Presumably Catholic theodical union of Chicago say today
I wonder if he's getting a Joe Mars senior
Senior or maybe to Sandra Fisher
Senior expressed out that the new gospel will arrive in the New Testament, but allow that opinions are likely to differ on it
The text helps you the diversity of beliefs and early Christianity added Marvin Meyer
I wonder if he's keen to ask her Marvin Meyer professor of Bible studies at Chapin University, New Orleans, California
What if he's kind of Chuck Meyer
Oh those phoneers man those interviews with the best what a show. Yeah a lot of work went into that
Elaine Pagel's a professor religion at Princeton University commented that the people who loved circulated and wrote down these
Gospels didn't think that they were heretics
See we just they just kept the story they just kept changing them and making them the paparous manuscript papyrus
Give her right on papyrus onion skin just this Lord. Oh, God probably written around 300 AD and Coptic script
Is the copy of an earlier Greek manuscript said Terry Garcia of the National Geographic Society who made the manuscript cubic
It was discovered in the desert in Egypt in 1970s has now been authenticated by carbon dating and studied and most
translated by biblical scholars
bunch of getch keys
Unlike the four gospels of the Bible the latest text indicates that Judas betrayed Jesus and his Jesus request
The text begins the secret account of the revelation that Jesus spoke in conversation with Judas is scary it
Schwartz
The key passage comes when Judas tells
J. Jesus tells Judas you will exceed all of them for you will sacrifice the man that closed me
What this indicates the Judas would help them write these spiritual self by helping Jesus give it a bit of his physical flesh
Sounds like a bunch of crazy people to me
Sounds like a bunch of bubble my season. He talked about crazy people. Oh man. Wait to hear this
Oh my god, you thought that the last FCC chairman was bad
Whoo
In a message that undoubtedly warmed the hearts of large media concerns such as Tribune Company
GANET Company and Media General
and
Teap channel and the all the others
FCC Commission chairman Kevin Martin delivered a sharp critique of regulations providing newspaper publishers from owning TV stations in the same markets
And pleaded with other publishers to lobby more vigorously for its repeal at age reports today
Mr. Martin the Republican who replaced the crazy Michael Powell is chairmanized march was already on market as an opponent of the cross ownership rule
How about cross-dressing
His it sounds a little
But the sharp language used today suggests it's demise or released the latest push for it may be imminent
Imminent now what we're talking about illegal immanence is in comments to the newspaper association of America
Mr. Martin the right of the 26 year old rule as an outdated product of an era pre see this is great because now we can have like Fox
Can all the newspapers and all the TV stations they can all be ultra right-wing. I don't keep it simple. You can get teeth over them off the air
Lou dobs
Yeah, I don't know I'm sure you have because you're watching Lou dobs now. We should apologize for that
But yeah, if there's anybody more pedantic or more embarrassing than then we'll flip screen on here
I can't imagine oh yeah before and after
In the situation room with
Well, let's create and now we're gonna go to Jack cavernty
I mean here's that cavity. He was just ripping everybody and asking about a sincere humor and release sarcastic and you know
And we go back to wolf. Oh, thank you Jack. We'll be back at the seven o'clock in the situation room
And thank you for being with us here in this situation room
Jesus God
Oh you people if you pay any attention to media they'll put you in a rubber room pretty soon
I'm telling you no wonder nobody watches the freaking news. I don't blame you
I rather watch that sir that surfboarding movie with Amel Hersh again. I'm kind of I'm not the
I'm not all in thrilled with him anymore. He's got issues. What do you do to you?
Nothing yet. He's got issues
824 votes. Oh, we're gonna do it Josh and what I'm gonna get him a fat new deal
This is the whole whole thing is hinging and if we can get to a thousand votes
George and Josh's new deals even if the RSA new deal like these guys are gunning for
They're gunning for it
If we can get the thousand votes, I think you guys are in
If not you're screwed
824, I mean we'll have like probably at least 850 by the top of the hour. We can we can do it. We can do it
You folks can do it hop on at baby
Punch it bang it squeeze it
Right
Vote over and over again. I mean just like that broad to call how many times she called about third man to a CD repair
5 6 7 0 5 yeah that call about the apostasy of a very suspicious to me
Dominic you weigh in hello
Nail this uh Jesus and Judah story isn't that the first case then of uh assisted suicide?
The first why the first case of assisted suicide? I said yeah doctor jack would be very proud a good point
That's that that Terry Shiloh thing good thinking maybe he disconnected Jesus is you that could have been in
That right you I wonder what our fat fat ass governor what that about that thank god thank the lord that he wasn't around then
Because Jesus may have never been able to save mankind and I've solved you from all your sins
Right
He gave his only begotten son so that uh
Glam could make a big business and that what it says in the Bible that's what it says is only begotten son as opposed to a foregotten
You know that the kid that they're making the big simmiss about so the first thing that it was kill the father
Just shoot him right on TV that that's the first thing right and then the mother I'm wondering what else you was thinking about
Well, you know the kids spent a lot of time locked in his bedroom, which I'm sure he's not the only one doing and of course
She she probably had some idea what he was doing in there. She just realized there were a lot of people watching
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and they've arrived in singular wireless line
It's just uh, you know the idea that everybody should be making babies that's another that's another
Just lunacy of this planet that we live on not everybody's apparent. You know what I'm saying apparently
Yeah, I believe me. I know from oh you know experience. Oh do I ever know and you know
I'm glad to be here, but oh brother
You know what they say you can pick your nose you can pick your seat, but you can't pick your parents amen
WQ a.m. Hello
I'm only calling to get your address as it's failing
Oh my god
Could I please have it?
No
No, huh?
You are lady Vetch
K V E T C H look up in the interstictionary
Tetch
The what I tell you she inspired me while I'm into these calls now and we have ever in all these years
I have never been as we have a winner. I don't know what the contest is, but we have a new winner
She whatever whatever you you name it you pick it like I said before you pick it. She's the winner
Kvetch
Kvetch at a century and it's all of course it's early in the century
Kvetch have a lifetime
Maybe she'd like to be with Jack Bailey on Queen for a day
WQ a.m. CD repair line. Hello
I
Was Tommy
Somebody Q a.m. Hello
Hello, everyone talk to Neil speaking
Neil just came on the newswear. I don't know if you heard about it, but looks like Bush okay, the leak
Valerie plain case I had that on an hour ago sir. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm behind the times
I get with it get with it get you get with it
I feel it okay
Oh
See what I thought I love these calls man. I love this place right. I love it
Fight down and put these stories where I got a whole pile of stuff screw. I'll save it for tomorrow
Save it for Maniana or maybe some other day for rainy day. Is it raining? No not raining here
Back here. It's gonna be a little on the toasty side of it is woman up pretty slow up north these days
We're gonna very slow for those who keep track. It's 50. It's gonna be 56 today
Oh, no, that's not bad, right? Right for the sixth of Avril not too bad
Now what does she want?
836 votes on a pool. We definitely we're gonna get to like 850 by the top of the air
They're like put into overdrive now this crowd. They're they're they're leaning on it man
They are leaning on it. Yeah, let's give out your just home address on here. They can have some like visitors
Sure, what a the I guarantee you don't bring in that 58 bucks
Buck up you know set dollar a holler
We're gonna get 58 people to come to Georgia's house and drop a dollar bill right there in the front
Do they'll come key the car? Let's get the hurricane already did plenty to somebody Q.A.M. Hello
Hey, Neil. I was wondering if you know anything about this uh, I saw on the TV. I was at work
I didn't get to see the whole story, but there was like a bunch of these against orthodox Jews
writing somewhere
Do you know why they're writing on the street like I'm setting fire
And in Brooklyn I saw that there
Uh, I have an nervous breakdown right what was that about and about the Jews hating Jews
I thought it was a movie. I thought it was fake when I saw it
No, it's real man. It's real uh cycle all right, so but it's just just
What's exactly for me just Jews against Jews for what's happening?
I would I put this way s.o.c. same old crap same old crap to go on for a long time
There are gods better than ours. They're uh, you know, it's paysock man. It's holiday time
They're probably arguing about who's gonna bring the wine to satyr. Is that what it is?
Is it gonna be moving David or man of shavids? My wine's better than your wine or even a
Chitoli right in hell castle hoist that kind of stuff. Yeah, I just get with it
I saw the story on it this morning. I didn't even bother a waste of my time with that
I mean, it's just the same old crap
The silly guys with the big hats and those long beards who are living like in a there
It's somebody telling them that they turned a calendar. You know the calendar keeps changing
Not only did we turn a clock ahead we keep changing the calendar too even the Jewish calendar moves are forward ledged allegedly
But not for them
Getskis baby. That's what we're dealing with too many Getskis in the world all the religion is put them on Uranus
That's what I say sediment out of space put them on a big space show all the religious nuts of all shapes
Stripes varieties the Muslims the Jews the goyema all of them the Buddhists
Oh, you know, I told you and I've was a year ago or two years ago when the Adali Lamma was here in
Toronto
Onto rise they all were there they all wear they all dressed the same way they got the shaved heads
Which I am a little bit late for that I guess and they all had the purple outfits on you know you you see them
But that they were orange no, no, I don't think so. I think they were purple. They all look like they were in a purple haze
They were smoking some pretty heavy duty crap
You have to smoke heavy in fact
I'm surprised you got out of religion because with all the crap you smoke and you got to to be ready for that curve
No, so Judas was a good guy
We're just finding this out all these years later Judas was a good guy. He was the enabler. He made Jesus early yesterday
The head of a big corrupt bubble-mice institution making big big tax exempt bucks
All of these still have you talk about snappy dresses, yeah, maybe they could use a little help in the wardrobe department
Do you think?
But yeah, if you if you could have been with me that day in Rome a few years ago, and I told you about that store where they say it was a a
Church garment store. I don't know the way to describe it. Okay, and in the winter they had all these beautiful
Ligious garb
Exactly. That's what it was. It was a religious garb store all these velvet chachkis and oh my god
They picked me up a priest outfit. Okay next time Halloween's coming up next time. We'll be bringing more of them a switch guard outfit
I think I'm wearing it all over. There's a look at the road
Just dressing like a priest
257 a qm
What's better than staying cool and comfortable all summer long especially in South Florida where it's like being inside of a furnace
All year how about getting an instant twelve hundred dollar cool cash rebate on the world's smartest air conditioner the five star
Edition of the carrier infinity system and the main things even better
You can get this fabulous system from Royce air and heat where they've been taking care of tri-county area families for three
Generations as a carrier factory authorized the other Royce guarantees your hundred percent satisfaction and that guarantee is backed
By carrier the people who invented their conditioning and I'll have invented the carrier infinity system
It actually performs the daily diagnostic check then adjust itself for maximum efficiency
And to maintain maximum efficiency on your prisoner conditioner
Be sure to join the Royce air and heat comfort club twice a year. They'll come and inspect and tune up your system
You'll enjoy priorities same-day service and 10% off any needed repairs all of this for just a hundred and ten bucks a year
Somebody to choose the two-speed infinity system with pure on or
Piece of mind with a comfort club either way make the Royce choice
License number CAC 058562. I have no idea. I have to read that but it's in there Royce air and heat column toll free
1 800-377-0075 stay cool all summer and all year round Royce air and heat toll free 1 800-377-0075
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.62.8
So long to fill out
Was just a walking on the sea singing
Did it
He's a man from the lamp
He's good
I knew we had a layman on his feet singing
The blind out on a sea and the dumb are gonna speak singing to what did it did it dumb did it
He'll be walked on walked on to my dark my dark walked on to my dark then he cured a rapper source
Whoa some say he's the son of God
Oh
Yes, they do but there's other people think it's so odd now he's the reason that we have any study
And do I did it done did it do and he's the reason that all the Christians praise him to my dead
It's done
The praise him praise him kneel down kneel down praise him and kneel down the man who wore a 40 crown
Do I did it?
Do I did it?
Do I did it?
It's done. He's the Jew
Do I did it?
It's done. He's the Jew
Do I did it?
It's done. He's the Jew
Do I did it?
He's the Jew
Oh, it's the thing of that now how do I get rid of this thing?
Don't you hate when you go again go to the story okay go to the page of he questioned New York Post
Do you know what?
Since we just got through a plane I think about Jesus and he's a Jew and all other crap and about Judah
Didn't he say he's a Judas?
Yeah, or he's a Jewess big those Judas
Jewess makes it sound a little
Oh, and I look at us just now they put it on CNN let me testify that the Bush authorized the leak
Well, we had that on at least an hour ago, right? Right? At least breaking news on the near Roger show
Okay, how come that's why we're so newsy man because we we beat everybody just beat the pants off CNN you idiots
And I'm sure it was on the smircling chimpy the way let's give them credit even though they don't give me any
Oh no, and this didn't print out it printed out with that banner over the top of the article
Don't you hate that you know I mean by that yeah, and I hate it the ad prints out anyway. I'll read it off the thing
We need to get the MIPD's highest ranking on a uniform cop student side of Brooklyn station station
I was screaming get the f-ing Jews out of here. I want a heads rolling a city councilman charge yesterday
Chief of the department Joseph Espo said
He shouted
The slur
Say I can barely read this it's true. Let me okay here. Yeah, you're slurring
Joseph Espozino shouted the slur as cops in riot gear struggle with hundreds of young Hacidim
rampaging throughout Burrow Park setting fires and smashing windows to the United the protested rest of an elderly orthodox Jew
Councilman Simhaw Felder said it was a Simhaw not
Espozino then turned to Felderon said Simhaw if you don't want to help me get the f out of here the councilman claimed
But the city while acknowledging Espozino ordered vulgarities in the heat of the moment denied he was in the ethnical religious slurs
quoting with Chafasang as saying get these f-ing people out of here as opposed to f-ing Jews, okay
Felder was said he's known as Pzeuot 55 since the cop was appointed commander of the Burrow Park precinct and had the highest
Yadi Yadi regard
He added remark he made about Jews could have made about blacks Hispanics about anybody else. It's an excuseable filter said
When used the word Jew with the f-ing in any fashion something is seriously wrong
What should be done? I'll leave that to the mayor and the police commissioner
Please commissioner make Kelly acknowledge us be Zito use of vulgarity
But offered support to his imbecile big deal okay big simm it should be a worse problem. Okay, so I cut the crap
Don't care about words the big air everybody's so offtight
And so it's an ethics like that bitch here what that who apologizes find that that Georgia bitch that's right
Same thing the woman with a really freaky hairdo
But air scooter liby look at that
This is old news Jeffrey tube and big simmiss there on CNN like all of us and they just discovered it
Like we didn't know that they were trying to smear smear and smear and smear and shoot smear Joseph Wilson
Because he put the truth out there bad guy. They got a smear and smear him. So let's uh, let's put his wife's life on in jeopardy
Now I'm sure you already know this because again, this is not a bulletin and then who the hell would care because mandal walks at the day show
Unless unless of course there's a goat
A day after Katie Kuro had on she was leaving for CBS NBC has chosen Meredith Viera
As Matt Lauer's new partner on the day show
And she now let's see just like uh, Vanna. She's 59
Okay, now I don't know how it's just
NBC chose the year over several internal candidates including weekend today anchor
Campbell don't call me fudge brown
Newswoman Natalie Morales and today newsreader and curry brown and Morales had some for Kurok on today while she was on the case
The end of last month Meredith's vast experience is an award winning a year on list as well as a talk show host
Made her the ideal candidate for this job said Jeff Zucker CEO of the NBC Universal TV group should be better at news
Then bring her party should be better on the news than Katie. I'll tell you that yeah
That's it. That's your little switch put Katie on the back on at horrible show when nobody's gonna see it and put Meredith Viera on there
Right, Chris you got Elizabeth Vargara and Katie Viera
Uh-oh
Little bit too heavy on that Hispanic thing man
She told her body and son of you Thursday about her decision. I'm really thrilled. She said you would love these people
With her background as a former 60 men's correspondent co-host on the view
Viera's experienced matches a morning show host need to do serious news and interview Hollywood celebrities and do cooking segment
You can do it all and do that too
Viera's also won a daytime Emmy Award for her job as host of the game show who wants to be a millionaire
Bad show. She's expected to join Lauer on today in September
It'll be the first anchor change at Morning's top TV in top ratings since 1997
As if anybody cares anybody watches that good life. We do please. I have no right. Oh any any of those
Good morning America
Today what's what's the other one? What's the one on CBS this morning that nobody watches?
No, at least nobody would admit it poor Harry Smith
Harry's okay. He gets a lot of work biography your AME he gets
Okay, but it's a horrible show with a horrible thing in it's terrible show
And you know who was on it? It was the worst ever
And I told you he would be on it for like about five minutes that Jose Diaz-Valart
Oh, it was it was it the other I could always Diaz-Valart first. He did got a crappy theme song
But I told you he was gonna bomb. He's he's got a person out like a dead man that Diaz-Valart
He was on a local TV down there. He sucks
886 pick up sticks. We need to give that 900 real quick and we do the thousand once we get past the 900 man
Will be rolling like CCR and it's still 886. What do you got 886?
Don't stop now. Oh, I'm way ahead of you 887. I'm in heaven
So we need 113 and about the I'll say 52 minutes. It's uh, we could do that you could handle it you guys could do it
560 maybe we can get that woman to call him again
Come on, we can do it one more one mode mode time the audience is dying to hear from her
We can have like a regular segment with her car. We could drag that on for months
They can take up office pools to see how many times she's gonna call in in the given day
See we told her what to do and where to go, but she won't listen to us. She doesn't really care
She's like most women. She won't listen. No matter what she's telling her she won't listen
She's got her own agenda. What as you know
WQA in hello
On Cominio. Yes, sir. I got a first time this person said next to me
Funk status. You know what I mean?
We won't hear Buffalo Bill again. Thanks 45
See how it started me get really enthused
wordy to calls based on I don't know it puts the lotion in the basket there you go
Buffalo Bill there there you go. He just heard it
5670560 that whoever's sitting next to this guy to just call just give him a big
Snack in the head there you just gonna snack in the head real hard like what a baseball bat
Good move WQA M. CD repair line
Boy you asked for it
Yeah, I guess I guess you should have told me there. She sure gave me what for it, didn't she?
See and then somebody's gonna call you call my wife a bit and of course they probably know it's true
You brought you more there you go. I'm not necessarily saying for her just in general
5670560 how's my knee coming? Oh
Well, look at that
There's like brand new mother scat. Remember that song? I got a brand new pair roller skates. I got a brand new knee
Look at that
The miracle of nature or must be God done it you think God done it. Oh God. I prayed to Judas and he said no problem
Said no problem fat stuff your knee is gonna be as good as brand new
WQA M. Hello
Hey, I'm gonna start calling when I send the ghost to top
The WQA M. Hello
Yeah, I want you know
56705 60 low carb pound 560 and they've risen singular wireless line WQA M. Hello
It puts the lotion on its skin or else you just pose again
You know
Oh, no
It rubs the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again
It's what I know you know that's more
No, see must be my lucky day. I'm going to wood buying
Because you know there's a several little bit like person more in road very good
WQA M. Let's hear Buffalo bill. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I want to think hi to Jennifer and George needs a new hairstyle
Somebody Q. A. M. Hello
Short and sweet somebody Q. A. M. Hello. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I
Can't believe that will be I just can't wait
I
Trying to get through it, you know
All the time she calls 15 times in one day and get through I was right through every time she's got the bat lines
He's got the direct line
I tried to call me in a day and you were talking about south of the border
Yeah, they actually started out as a bootleg lose place
Yeah
That's all I got thank when you expect from a bunch of red next man and running in gin mill down there
Okay, thanks, but I'm from the South Carolina nothing to be finer than get out of Carolina
That's what I wrote a new Chris Jones or new salesman just said Carolina
He's a rear of the a-hoo man although he got a little bit of something's under there. They're not much
Not too much. They don't want to like move too fast. You know get like any real people in there
Because it's the sixth April and every day the story is hey look at this
You know, we can't we can't undo all our greatest ruffs overnight
But look at this. We're working feverishly now. Can't you see it? Can you smell it?
We're working like crazy. Can't you can't you tell? Oh
Yeah, tell someone already feel happy. We got in the whole new altitude. We got back there in the sales department
And especially your buddy bread. He is
This is new Roger
This is
pure
This is Debbie. Hello, hi, Debbie. I'm interested in getting some operations done
Okay, and some body contouring and some liposuction
And I was wondering if you did some tummy tuck and lip augmentation cosmetic compresses
Sizzley face tip for all of these things
And those wondering always like steroids. Well, I need to get everything done probably the first thing I'd like to
Remove this my
My thing
No, could you do breast implants?
It can be done
The lotion in the basket
How much?
Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurface too
Laser surgery
Have the lambs stop crying yet mommy. Excuse me. Don't hurt mommy's little baby
It puts the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV. Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, we'll have to see you first and then if I'm lucky, actually we can tell you that when we see you
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts mommy?
If you'd like to it puts the lotion in the basket. What you like to make an appointment? Yes. Okay
There is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine
Okay
Okay
My name is Buffalo Bill. Okay, let me get a little operation from you. Okay?
It puts the lotion in the basket. I understand. It puts the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for a consultation?
It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay
Would you like to make an appointment? You want to call me back? Yeah, what's the lotion in the basket?
I got my skin suit and it looks like
Bill it puts the lotion in the basket. I understand that. Would you like it? It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment? It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay, I will talk to you in the chat. Okay. It puts the lotion in the basket.
Hello
All these things. Yeah, you said it. I'm put another abandon in my knee.
All right, a new change changes. I've practically...
You're a new program. Huh? More absorbency. No, I just...
It just stops off of the blood because I take that plavix, you know, so I don't have another beastly stroke.
See, I never realized there was that much blood on your knee. See, they're different body parts.
I never realized how much blood. I mean, there's something that's pretty obvious, you know.
That they're in gorge with blood. Oh, speaking of in gorge with blood body parts, there's Rob Marciano and CNN.
Let's keep looking for that one story. I can't find it. Oh, five, six, seven, oh, five, six, eight.
Maybe she'll call back again. See if she... The bottom line is she's got to have the last word. See how that works like all women.
Uh-huh. She's got to have the last word. She already emailed you. So what's the sentence? Why does she keep calling back?
That's the obvious part. You're talking here. I told you. If you tell me what she's going to flood.
She's going to flood what?
You told me? I know where she could put that CD.
And I have a feeling it'll fit perfect. Probably straight now. Well, I'm a blemishes on it too.
In fact, maybe that's how the blemishes got on them.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, the pound five, six, and the Verizon singular wireless line.
WDQA, I'm all call radio. Hello.
You would think by now that you would have put it in the right hole.
Okay, we're waiting for the flurry. We waiting for that delayed to catch up.
And I think at 58 bucks said that got owes you for a bus plane at Bitt.
Remember the punk they called before? I'll tell you what it is.
My body's sitting here next to me on my lap on a couch and when you please play the body out, right?
You don't look all like good Rob Marcelloon to me. What's the big deal with him? He's okay.
I mean, he's compared to the other people and the other guys that they got on that network.
They don't really have a lot of good-looking people on their subcandy cowly.
925 votes and of course Wolf Looksrigg in the situation room. Oh, Jesus, God.
Do you think that there's anybody really takes him seriously?
I don't know, himself. I don't know, maybe he has a wife.
Can you just imagine what Jack Kaffirty, the way he must laugh his ass off at the, oh, God.
I mean, Jack is making all these outrageous and outlandish and wonderful comments and,
oh well, Jack, that's one way to look at it. I will be back with Jack in the situation room.
920 votes, we need 72 and 40 minutes. Now, here's the test. If we can make that
1,000 by 2 o'clock after Eric really screwed me over bad yesterday twice, not once but twice.
Now, I come in here. Remember I came in early this morning just to see if he had it up.
I didn't have it up. Something really bad going on up there in Orlando.
And so, as a result, it's pulled and get on it like 830. So, we start with a handy cramp.
But if we can make that 1,000, did you ever really believe we'd get to it?
No, not that we have. I know it's just a real skeptic.
Can we use the hard ass? Yeah, that's it. What?
Well, you thought we'd get it? Of course. Get out of here.
928. It's not even coming in by the ones now, now that you jinked it.
Still 920. I refresh the three times. It's still stuck there. They're just playing with our emotions.
That's all. Or maybe they just don't want you guys to get those good deals.
Because I know there's big, big money coming down the road from Joe Bell.
Oh, yeah, you wait till he, you wait till Joyce finishes with his ass.
WQAM, hello.
Oh, yes, I want to know that. Can't you just play it? Is it on the CD?
Is it on the CD, George?
I don't know.
No, I don't know.
Well, I had one in here and now it's all right. Hang on a second.
Yes, sir.
I don't think it is that.
But you never know.
I've had to put a lot of the cards in front of the door.
I wonder if they bug us about all the time.
Oh, there comes.
Wait, wait, wait. Don't step on the prize.
I got the Disney Disrelax.
Okay, don't let him look in the body augmentation. Is it on there?
I don't think so. It should be.
Of course, the people that put this thing together, man, they had an IQ collective about six.
Of course, it's been on some of the other ones, I guess.
Playing bagpipes is on there.
No, it's not on there.
Sorry. Don't get it.
You're welcome.
Wayne Stauffins on there, Kisser Butt, Fowlmouth Dolphins,
Big Black Ironman Ben, sitting on a bitch in Del Rey,
the Moe of the Doi of the Goli, the Moe of the Doi of the Goli,
the Moe of the Doi of the Doi of the Goli, it's not on there.
And why not, I might ask.
Maybe that's why they're not buying this thing like crazy because the good stuff's not on there.
Loan some faggots on there, right under down on my knees.
Do you think there's any relationship between them?
Yeah.
Of course it is.
It makes me doi.
See, if I didn't put something like that on there, it's because it was on last year or last year.
Yeah, this has been on, what do I mean last year?
We haven't done this in a year before or a lot or more than one or a year.
Yeah, it's been on there too much.
Plus, who now wants to hear?
Paul of these things.
Again, I guess they do.
Now listen, don't buy a paltry.
There's probably going to be defective and then you'll be calling in 15 times and people will be making fun of you and all that stuff.
Don't do that.
It'll create many problems for you.
Paul of these things.
WQA MCD line.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Neil Rogers, CD and pasta.
Leaving this town is bush-league town and going back up on the ride.
Excellent.
Good choice, man.
Okay, now, in closing, hey, y'all, then he's stuck.
How many do, by the way, Josh, they've been losing lately.
I notice people fall off the bandwagon.
They're doing just fine.
It's the last thing.
I know they kicked the Raptors ass here a couple days ago.
And I know the Blue Jays got their ass kicked the hand of two-month plate last night.
You know, they had 50,400 on.
They knew and improved Roger Center Sky dome two nights ago.
Man, that place is really...
I'm going to have to have to go to a few ball games.
That place was rock and opening night.
50,400 and they kicked some serious ass.
Then last night they got walloped.
They got, you know, in fact, last night,
I read in the paper this morning, it says,
people, yeah, that's sarcastic.
To like, but sarcastic.
As the team was going off the field the end of the game,
people were y'all, go leave, go, you know.
Come on now.
That's not nice, just because the Blue Jays lost the game.
That's pretty funny.
Huh?
It's pretty funny.
Yeah, no, it's not.
You don't necessarily have that hockey stuff.
People are now putting a wood to a Patrick Yeliash
with his seventh career hatch rig.
It is now fine too, Jersey.
Here we go.
You can see December the 19th from these two teams last
playing here.
Here come, Harry.
Team goal 67 shots.
Tonight both goalies could win the Veznic Open.
Around backer than that for Dolan.
They tried one, one.
If you're German, please, congratulations.
Backer than Dolan, go.
I'm one of the worst games in history, mankind.
It was pretty bad, you right, Joe.
5'6'7'05'60, Tom 5'60 and the Verizon
Cigarette Riders on the near Rogers,
hockey, CD, repair and pasta show.
Yeah, we had a narrow down a little bit.
We instead of this stream of consciousness,
crap, how about stream of unconsciousness?
As in things like...
There's a guy he sucks, okay?
You know what I'm saying?
Not to have anything to do with anything particular,
just off the wall, like rock solid when you least expected.
WQAM, hello.
Neil, what's up?
How you doing, sir?
I know you're a gigantic Godfather fan,
but I know he talked about the suponors.
Do you think that...
Probably because I don't watch it.
Yeah, I was wondering if you thought it was a swill, as you say.
Swill? I never watched it, so I can't give you an opinion.
I never watched it.
Stop being your blotin' brains all over your nice, I believe.
That's all I need to hear.
Okay, I just hear it.
I know George used to like it, and he says now it sucks.
Hey, I know a great person who can go straight
to your autobiography.
His name is Greg Cody, and I'll blame myself.
That was great.
That's the first he blamed himself off, I like that.
He's the good.
Take the good oldies.
Yeah, you won't hear that on the sopranos, like Euronecia.
I'll probably will one of these days soon.
I guarantee you won't hear this either.
I don't care how many day go, Gennie, what, Greece,
what, Gumbas come out of the woodwork?
Sudan, the Jack Waltsk.
Aerobie character, air-reline, air-re scene, primo, baby, primo,
as good as it gets.
Almost as good as network.
Now how are we doing on that thing?
I wonder if, because the Godfather's Saga is offered long,
Josh better now watch the whole thing, you know.
Like, it's too long to work.
He's been running like crazy.
Yeah, it has.
Has it really since Monday?
Not here.
One, two, and three.
He's been doing a one, two, and a three.
956, he's a 56, he's like in Q56, as in QAMC.
See how clever that is?
956, baby.
44 in 34, even a child could do that.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516 QA.
I believe that we have enough future.
If I keep carrying on this way,
if I say I'm sober, it was just a lie.
I am so freaking high, but it is easier
than going to a meeting.
See how my name is with me.
I've got it long ago.
Smoke's upon and deal a little girl.
Peruit and elastic.
Angels dust and sun, say, oh,
they love whistle, they're fanatistic.
Mine if I say that I'm so free.
Airports got you a routine.
They found some time on me.
You'll find the greatest
drugs that are all inside of me.
Absolutely.
971 votes.
We got a half an hour, even at one minute we're going to do that.
How do you like that?
There's Morgan Freeman.
What a great actor he is.
Is it good?
He's enjoying us.
This is him.
This is him.
He's an idiot whoever she is, but he's great.
Nice outfit by the way, Morgan.
He didn't have a cigarette in his hand.
He had a faggot there?
Oh no, that's bad.
Boy, if you were only old enough to remember,
if you were like, you'd probably be dead by now.
But anyway, when he used to like chain smoke on TV,
when you saw the Admiral thing and I'm sure he was smoking.
There's nothing but smoking.
Yeah, going on.
Big cloud.
But I was never talking about cloud of smoke.
I remember all those other TV shows,
like I love Lucy and all that stuff.
Everybody is smoking all the time.
Yeah, and what's this business about the bad stereotypes
about Latinos?
They were screaming about with all those immigrants
the other day on TV.
They had Desi Arnez with me representative of most Latinos.
Hey, Lucy.
Huh?
So we're not most of your people are like just like that.
Just like that.
Lucy, right.
Only they only look like they're going to drop the table.
On this movie, here looks like it's going to be really bad.
Lucky number is sleaven, you know?
Have you seen that movie?
All the Morgan Freeman's in it.
And you know who else is in it?
Josh Hartnick, who's getting really pasty
and on my nerves, he's in it.
You know, Josh Hartnick, he was in 40 days and 40 nights.
And what was that war moment when he was in?
With the belt, Avila, Pearl Harbor.
Pearl Harbor.
Oh yeah, I remember that.
Never saw it.
Neither'd me.
I saw it in the movie.
The only movie I ever saw him in that I liked.
In fact, I discovered him just like I discovered Britney Spears.
He was in the Halloween part, 400 with Jamie Lee Bush Curtis.
Okay.
Black Hawk Down, he was in.
Black Hawk Down, he was in.
Oh yeah, I know you like him a lot.
Yeah.
Yeah, I don't do a relaxed Jesus God.
He's just a pasty punk is all he is.
You know, a pasty punk.
And I take back what I said about the Justin Bell there.
They remember when the hearings were on three days ago,
the first time.
First time I laid my eyes on him and I said,
I take it back because he,
it damn it like like Britney, damage goods.
You know what I'm saying?
I mean, he's damn near 20 now and he does look pretty good,
but damage goods just like Britney.
You see the similarity there?
Only I think in his case, really damn it's goods.
Well worn.
Oh God.
978 votes on the pool.
What is that pool of all the things Neil talks about,
which is the most important, interesting to you.
Right.
Yeah, look at that.
Look at that from one.
It always got him as cold off, which is a bad idea.
Because his body is as pasty as the rest of them too, Josh Hartner.
Pasty, at least more in preview.
He's got a good, it's suntan.
Politics, 450.
That's what they want to hear.
Bush bashing.
They want to hear Bush in his moron, his red carer is okay.
This symbol that's still not one, but two elections
with the help of his girlfriend,
Catherine Harris, and his accrucated fat ass brother.
Inside radio stuff, 133.
And if we ever get back even close to being in radio,
we'll let you know.
Let's you know where we are in the dial.
Religion 103.
Whatever he is again, make it.
Put some clothes on him already.
Where did Jesus?
I hit this pool.
67.
Jewish stuff 48.
Foods and restaurants 43.
Hockey 34.
Let's have some hockey talk.
What do you say?
Anything that's time for it?
The hockey talk.
Hope.
And a center in Toronto.
A one-one tie.
Alexa Yashin scoring for the honor.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Hockey 34.
Gaze stuff 32.
Slots in gambling 21.
The key is get a good machine man.
Let me tell you right now.
That's the secret.
Find a good machine.
And if you see somebody else with a good machine,
just knock their ass off and grab it.
Sit right down.
I am student 13 old news.
Then there are about 4,000 times
where we're getting a little bit old.
All those Dutchmen.
Immigration 10.
Health problems 8.
The track 8.
Dietalk 4.
And the stock market 4.
So there's the last five or six categories.
Just Schmidt can't.
I'm like I told it.
Schmidt can't.
Give him the mic.
Schmidt.
Or give him the Joe Schmidt.
And the old Detroit lines.
What are how Van Patrick's doing?
He was fat and you know what?
Have an Amy died.
Fat guy dead.
Notice the coincidence there?
No coincidence.
I'm going to make someone that passed it for lunch.
You know what we're going to do?
I'm going to make somebody that low-carb saws.
I'm going to slice up a weiner.
John weiner.
We're going to slice him up.
Don't touch.
And a chopping machine.
John weiner stew guys.
Stop.
Oh a chopping machine.
I thought he said.
Let me ask you something.
Seriously.
Oh, that's right.
Hank didn't have nickname.
Because his real name is John weiner.
You know, he's got a face of voice
and a name for a radio.
Not WDQAM.
Hello.
Can you feel his pasta?
The half.
Can you feel his pasta?
Sound like he was sitting on a strand of his leg.
No.
Didn't sound like that.
Sound like something.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 7, 0.
You're going to like it when we take all the calls.
I'm just I'm tired of all this.
We'll get the living and breathing people back.
Listen to this show.
People out at the age of 100 don't care what's going on.
They won't know one of your all these stories.
Even though we had the story on first
about how Bush admitted he gave the go ahead.
He authorized the outing of Valerie Plame.
We had that on nobody cares.
Nobody out of the age of 100 even knows Valerie Plame from flame.
Okay.
Actually, you know, it's flaming.
Flaming, home mode.
That's all they know.
You know what I'm saying?
Because now the new deal is if it's then it's in.
Not only that, but let me ask you this.
What are you going to do about it?
You fairy.
WDQAM.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Quick question.
What is the origin of the, I'm dying over here.
Audio business.
I'm dying over here.
Caller.
He's dead now, by the way.
The original origin was in the movie.
What was the movie?
Dog day afternoon.
Dog day afternoon with Al Pacino.
Oh, okay.
Don't you remember when he and Frater robbed the bank, the Indian?
No.
And it was outside.
We never saw that dog day afternoon.
No, I didn't.
Well, you only like it.
It's got a sex change.
A freaking there.
What that was its name?
I remember what her name is.
Christopher Randon is the actor's name.
I don't know.
I see how to like Christopher Randon.
No, it needed.
I can't stand it.
There's a Josh Harton and make it again.
See, look at that.
There he is.
Where he's pasty.
I don't like pasty.
I don't see you about.
No, it's untidy.
He might look a little bit better,
but the past and it was just a towel on.
And it keeps showing it over and over again.
I think, well, Flutzkrieg is behind that.
He's probably wanting to get Josh in the situation room.
Five, six, seven.
I know, Duff said they want to get Josh in the situation room.
And he wasn't talking about clearance either.
So you won't see Duff anymore.
Because he's responsible.
I blame him more than anybody else for that.
The best up thing for that stupid.
Stop turning me down.
Now, I give him credit for the fact
that Kevin Baxter did that thing in a Harold.
Now, if he would just call Tom Jikap,
I'm sure Tom would have given like 10 pages on it.
Although I do know this,
if we get to 1,000 votes on a poll today
by two o'clock after that bad start,
thanks to Eric Strunath,
it'll be on the front pages of the Sun Central.
Tom Jikap will have his violin on it.
Do you think tomorrow?
Okay.
It'll be all over like stink on Greg.
9.97, I think we got a shot at it.
23 minutes, we need three votes.
I wouldn't be surprised at a little Tommy
and his friends in the gaming industry,
the cruise ship industry doing.
I wonder if it's his son that works in the cruise ship line.
Call him up and find out.
WDQAM, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I just heard it.
Spread some more right wing stuff.
My son goes to the University of Florida.
And he went into, he saw Ann Coulter.
He's a nice Jewish liberal Democrat,
but he wanted to spread his views.
So we went to see Ann Coulter speak on campus.
Yeah.
And she was spreading a lot of right wing propaganda.
How do you hear?
She spreads it, yeah.
She spread that heavy.
And we should bring our democratic,
Christian democracy to all nations throughout the world.
Oh, yeah.
Who can do it?
My job is we're doing in Iraq, man.
We don't have to worry about it.
It's all be dead.
You got it.
And also he wanted a year in heckle, little.
But he said there's security.
They were who stepping around.
There was so much security force.
He just kept his mouth shut and did everything.
Damn good thing he didn't bring his Mrs.
or wouldn't he be?
He would come for it.
He'd be resurcomposed.
Have a seasoned pay saw, Camigo.
You too.
See that?
See that?
That's a little code here among us to Jews.
And I have no idea what they mean.
Yeah, I know.
And we, how do we get by poor without the homentage, you know?
What are you talking about?
I got a homentage.
Why?
I got a homentage.
By the way,
where he didn't, where he didn't.
Where he didn't, and two.
No, you didn't.
You got bricks.
I did not get a homentage.
I didn't need it.
Nothing, you mentioned it.
Yeah, huh?
You know, we like to have Halberstam.
We're talking about not the one that's the famous author,
but the one he's an author too.
But the former voice of the heat that got screwed over.
Because he allegedly made some kind of a racial comment.
Yeah, that was a bad screw and over.
He's a good guy.
Halby, you know?
That was him after he got canned with the heat.
But every year at a poor time,
he sends a care package.
He sends one of Hank and sent one,
he used to send it to me,
but I'm not there.
Thank God.
And so now he sends it to you guys.
Did Joshi name those?
You didn't name those little triangle things.
I didn't.
No, I shouldn't have had to ask because you're still alive.
So those things will lay in your pulpit like a brick.
They are absolutely.
All the way to.
With all due respect,
you're the only person that tells the kind that you do.
I've never met another Jew.
Well, you've had the other ones in the red.
I've had the other ones that are telling you.
And?
There's no difference.
There's no comparison.
I mean, those are great.
The bread he ones are great.
The point that I'm trying to make is I have yet to have been for hosts.
We did it.
Thank you.
That even knows what you're talking about.
What do you think?
What do you think?
I have yet to know.
Don't you think I know a Jew or two?
Any other Jew besides you
that even knows what those other ones are?
Get that in here.
Give me a break.
Well, we don't have a shortage of them now.
Do you think that my family got those little brick triangles there?
I think only the orthodox.
Only the geckysy though.
I have geckys.
It wasn't the long we had.
It's not a bit of a perfect mess.
You know, they're bloody kneecaps.
Excuse me, but I do believe that stuff's epic.
Agent Ethan on.
Excuse me.
Your mission if you choose to accept it.
And you have my mission.
Yeah, my mission.
It involves I-
Except I do.
I-
Except.
You might have finished with the hell I'm supposed to tell you.
I was on Oprah.
He-
This name is mission if he chooses to accept it.
Is to-
My mission.
The possible phrase.
Is to-
It's great.
My mission.
Is to-
My mission.
Tom Cruise stars as Tom Cruise as
Ethan Hunt in.
Mission impossible three.
Not another Tom Cruise movie.
My mission.
My mission.
Come soon with theaters.
Hopefully go all the way sooner.
Squishing impossible.
You're fair.
With little Tommy there.
You're really fooling everybody Tommy.
Not.
And that kitty homesting man.
I really went over like a pregnant pole vault, didn't it?
I wonder who'd done her anyway.
Sure it wasn't him.
Wasn't me?
No.
Well, that's unfortunate.
In your case.
Sixteen-till-
Oh.
I can't stop thinking about that broad occoding here.
I made it times forty times today.
Maybe not forty.
I'm exaggerating.
About thirty minutes.
Thirty times with her CD problem.
You're supposed to go over there and like look it and make it better.
Thousand and nine votes on the pool.
How do you like that?
Wouldn't surprise me if Eric could tack a few of those bogus ones on there.
It's rather like cover his tracks from yesterday.
Thousand and eleven.
Now we had a maiden to shave.
I know what I believe in the million years.
I wouldn't even gonna try for it.
Were we-
Were we gonna even think about that?
I-I didn't want to.
And all of a sudden they were like mounting and mounting and mounting.
Five six seven oh five six these big into Tommy.
You're fair.
Palm five sixty under Verizon.
Sing it over by the sign.
A lot of the way man we got eight million openings.
Now we're gonna have to condition these people again.
We're taking forty thousand calls today.
Every day now it's that these stupid stories.
So you know we're gonna get way to good at the audience back
on this horse ball station.
Man.
Oh man.
If anybody was away last weekend, didn't you hear the trends?
We did fine from 10 to two.
Ha ha ha.
That's all you need to know.
Oh my god.
It was scary.
Wouldn't it- wouldn't it kind of scary?
Kind of a little bit.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Not surprising but scary.
Q.A.M.
Anyhow, how's it going?
All right.
All right.
The thing is that you have those for the ad voice show
and you got forty people call them like that.
Um, well, nice to see you.
You're a fellow that call very important.
Uh, uh, it comes on right after the day.
We show.
Got our downed brown on there last week.
I'm Friday.
Michael Brown.
Brown Brown.
Oh, Mickey Brownie Brown.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm on there and already for doing.
He tried to go on there and try to shoot some blame around the blame beam.
I remember that that's the best video I had.
Uh, they had a mom there so good.
And it was just hilarious.
It was a great tie.
I thought you might have seen it.
It was awesome.
Just letting you know.
The blame guy.
Ha ha ha.
And the Reno.
Reno Reno.
Bovino.
Banana.
Banana.
Bovino.
B5.
Moe.
No.
Where your accent?
That's the right one.
That's a different blame game.
I remember as we had children.
The blame game.
Did you?
I do though.
I do though.
Oh, bro.
Uncle, uncle, uncle, uncle.
Banana.
Penical.
Flanko.
Feed by a mom.
Uncle.
Ah.
Come on, everybody.
I've been a left playing game.
I bet you I can play the blame.
Yeah.
For the nasty hurricane.
For the neighbors.
For the neighbors.
For the people who are cinnamon.
For the first feed by a mom.
For everybody playing.
Megan.
Megan.
Go, Megan.
But then if then go, fake in.
Say, bye.
I'll make it.
Ah.
The blame game.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Who sounds like tomorrow?
I don't know.
Every time he sees me.
It's the way God wants it to be.
He wants to take the city and cover it to sleep.
Renegant.
Renegant.
Renegant.
Renegant.
Curse he wants to make a new or a reason.
And I don't care what people are saying.
He sounds like Jesse Jefferson.
We as black people.
His comments are bizarre.
Surely God is mad.
He compares the vocals to a willy-want-a-faw.
Shocked.
He's making me mad.
Yes, Renegant.
He's making me mad.
Renegant.
Curse he wants to make a new or a reason.
He's making me mad.
It's time for us to come together.
It's time for us to rebuild a new world
as the one that should be.
A town or way ever they are.
This city will be chocolate.
A chocolate new world.
He never takes the blame.
For anything that's chocolate.
At the end of the day.
That's how I'm putting in some positive angels.
I want all theirs.
Renegant.
Renegant.
No, I can.
Renegant.
He wants to make new or a reason.
You can't have new or all theirs.
No other way.
It was the name of the wall.
George Bush doesn't care about black people.
That's the way it goes.
Are you dark folks?
The Republicans hate you like poison them.
They'll do anything they're power to keep you from voting.
And if you do vote, they'll make them sure it doesn't count anyway.
Just the way it is.
I lost your question, Tiger Woods.
You got a lot of money.
And then hopefully.
Oh, God.
He just, he makes me gag.
He had just something about him.
OK.
So I don't know what this skin color and that kind of stuff.
Because he's a little bit of this little laugh.
He just, he's boring.
Like golf in general.
When you've regi.
Absolutely.
Sorry.
I shouldn't have said that because Mad Dog's up there in Augusta
for the Masters, right?
We're with that.
How about the Masters?
Are we on QAM?
Oh, sure.
No, no.
We're not.
In fact, I'd rather watch bullying than watch golf.
I'd rather watch two-pinch of bullying with Ernie.
At the end of the game.
Huh?
That's a telephone.
Koalix.
What was his name?
Eddie Koalix.
And Carmen Selvino.
And Buddy Bomar.
Bob Bomar.
I'd rather watch that than watch golf.
Now you wouldn't watch golf on TV.
Would you?
Anybody out there going to watch the Masters?
I sure hope not.
Because we'll come to your house and beat the crap out of you.
We'll bring that woman to your house.
It wants your CD fixed.
And we'll lie.
You remember in Clockwork Orange when they locked in in the room
and the speakers were blasting from downstairs with the baits open?
We'll lock you in a room with a,
but with huge bow speakers right under your ass with her fetching.
Like that.
She is exactly what's wrong with women.
Right, right there?
She's well part of it anyway.
Fetch nagging.
5670560 pound.
I bet she cooks up a mean batch of pasta, you think?
I don't know.
W.A.M. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
In your opinion,
should they have lengthened the rough instead of making the course harder at gusts up?
I like it.
Yeah, make it harder.
Idiot.
Lengthened the rough.
Yeah, Lindy Ruff.
He's not too happy with the Theresey Tucker.
For Lindy, he's got his daughter's got that brain problem.
All kinds of things going on.
Good guy to Lindy Ruff.
You know him now.
Who was hockey?
That thing about 34 people say hockey.
The hockey knowledge in South Florida, man.
You couldn't be a foot in a fumble and have room for Jail's ass inside.
Up on the right side from Mike George.
The right side is high and wide.
I believe going.
Go going from Jimmy Bowen.
Remember Jimmy Bowen?
I'm sticking with you on Relat Records.
I bet you don't.
Long before you time.
Jimmy Bowen, he also, I think, got beat.
Wasn't he the one who got to crafty out of him?
In an alley in LA somewhere.
I better look it up.
I better.
Who?
Kick it that could know.
No, no, wait a minute.
I'm confused.
No, no, no.
What the hell was his name?
Honeycomb?
Who did Honeycomb?
Jimmy Rogers.
See, I should know that name.
You know what?
Oh, God.
Even though it's a phony name.
Jimmy Rogers.
I would be surprised if it's in here in the little bio.
Do you remember Honeycomb?
You heard that song.
Sure.
Here's Shorty Rogers.
Here's Kenny Rogers in the first edition.
Let's see, Born 33 in Canvas, Washington, pop singer, guitarist, pianist.
Poets at his own TV variety series in 1959, I remember that.
Career handprint following mysterious assault on the San Diego Freeway on December 1, 1967 was left him with a fractured skull.
He was kind of like, you know, remember Jan from Jan and Dean, or was it Dean?
A little crash in his corvette.
I don't recall.
Oh my God.
I saw that on biography channels enough to make you just want to scream, or Jan and Dean.
Of course, there were no kind of Sam and Dean who were sleeping in the same room.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62.8.
It's Dave O.
If I am the town.
Welcome.
At 5.6.0.
WQ.A.M.
The Dota, the Dota, the Dota, the Dota.
Go by, go by, go by.
Your ship is caught in fire.
Go by, go by, go with the dead.
Must die.
Oh yes, who may be the Dutch, but who has his way?
Who will die?
Who will make you die?
Who will make you die?
We've been inventing for a long time.
With the bush-dry, travelling home.
I asked what would be safer than an object,
and prayed better with the suitcase.
I'm on board.
Who will die?
Who will die?
Who will die?
And when you die, you get a free pass of thought.
You're not a traveller.
When those bombs explode,
or two by, we will make you die.
Who will die?
And heaven, or ninety-debbin?
When we now control,
all the world are high.
Cash, or ten, or three,
were different to the function of two-way women.
Under the stair, we will die.
We've been inventing for a long time.
We've been inventing for a long time.
You're my life, of the old faith.
You're not a traveller.
Who will die?
Who will die?
Who will die?
What's the origin of that, by the way?
That was a real call.
Many years ago, many people died.
And they died.
Those were famous last words.
But Al Pacino said it in the afternoon.
That was just a dialogue in a movie.
A third dialogue in the Godfather 3.
Maybe they should fear you.
1026 votes on the pole.
Man, I am just astonished at the power of...
You see, even though Eric tried to sandbag us,
I think Eric's on the payroll across the street.
Now, you're doing a fine job, Eric.
It's just a joke. You're great.
You're the best.
That's what Josh said.
He said, when it comes to that internet,
Hygiene's Eric is the best.
You know what you said?
Something like that.
Yeah.
He said, send me the money, but Eric's the best.
I'm going to start sending the check to Eric every month.
He could use it.
He's got a wife and kids' support.
Punk like you, what do you need it for?
Go out there and gamble it away.
To slots or something.
Booze, dope.
Yeah, booze, dope.
Women, all this content.
Right.
Going to hockey game on Sunday.
Going to see the Panthers in Tampa Bay.
You wouldn't name me somebody on the Lightning real quick.
What are you laughing about?
That's the defending standing cup champion Tampa Bay Lightning.
You name me somebody.
I do know that though.
I do know that one.
Let's stay together.
Name me one player.
How about number four?
Vincent?
No, there's no way, man.
Look at that.
How about number nine?
Wait, don't they have a way?
How about Brian?
I have one.
Isn't John, is that the best feature gear on their team or something?
No.
How about Martin St. Louis?
Meet me in St. Louis, Louis.
You just wait till I tell Joe Bell about the deal he's going to cook up for your ass.
Oh, God, you just...
Now, at least you're going as good.
At least you're going out there.
You've got a free ticket.
You're going to take one of your relatives out there kind of into thinking that you're Mr. Sports.
That's good.
1023 votes on the pool of all the things that Neil talks about.
Which is the most interesting to you.
How about a pay raise for Josh and George?
How about that?
That's interesting to them.
Politics for 72 inside radio stuff on 39.
Religion 107.
All you get skis out there, all you crazy people.
I hate this pool 71.
Jewish stuff.
42.
Rhymes with Jew.
Food and restaurants.
44, especially Delhi.
Hockey 34.
We likely story.
Gay stuff.
33.
And Slats and Gamla, I'm especially with a good machine.
20 doughs.
Bye, bye, bye.
When it comes to school.
Day 29.
