Don't forget to select a seat day tomorrow. It's often stayed in front of
So you can be thought to your will is between you at your
William being town between ten and twelve. How do you know?
Because I know where you're going to be tomorrow. I'm Niagara Falls. I was thinking.
Oh well. Maybe I'll select my seat in Niagara Falls.
Maybe you can send Montreal over in the barrel. I don't know. But anyway,
he'll be out there. Well, I would tell you. It would be a demo.
And you can lock in tickets for the Red Sox before individual tickets go on sale.
That's some art off and stay in it. You can register when your private luxury
box for a sweet for opening day. That is correct. Wow.
Ten A and a two P and right like when I sure would be on
September on Saturday they can spend the day out the evolve part.
Yeah, you'd come home for that. No. I wouldn't go to a Marlon game if they
paid me by the pitch. I used to go a lot. I had season tickets before.
Not too crazy about that crowd out there. Much of idiots.
The crowd. In fact, the crowd at the dolphin game.
A bunch of idiots too. That's why I stopped going there.
It's just a lot of people stopped going to the dolphin games.
Yeah. Too many people just to tell you.
The tailgating is fine. But when you're plastered before the game even starts
and all you're interested in is looking for a fight and kicking over people's beer.
What are you doing? You're just fine.
You're just a bunch of erotic drunks.
Especially when you got nice big screen TV and you can sit at home and watch it for free.
Why would you want to subject yourself to that?
Did they give you my message yesterday by the way about the story that was in the post
about Ben Laden and his favorite television show?
No. Larry King.
Really?
I'm surprised to hear it.
Birds of a feather. Never misses Larry King.
Larry did a fine job last week when he put that fry guy on there with Oprah calling
in. There was a gay to lease.
In that said, gay to lease the honor that father, great writer and his wife is a publisher
of that piece of crap book.
And you can watch the comedy channel today and you'll see Oprah on there apologizing
with his author and ripping him and ask.
She's on the food channel. She's on the food channel.
She's even on a horse racing channel, which in her case I can see why.
I read about that. What was the thing with gay to lease?
I didn't know that he was involved. His wife is the publisher.
She's probably, so she's been making around. She's on all that.
She was on that same show yesterday with Oprah and this, this liar.
I see.
That Oprah sold 80 billion books to his because all these stupid women out there, Oprah
farts, they run out there and try to fart the same flavor.
You know, it's just the world is so sad, man.
All these people with no brain in their own.
Or at least policy seems to be working well.
It's really, uh, worked out fantastic.
You know, the spread of democracy and all these free, all these free elections.
Maybe free elections aren't such a good thing.
I mean, you don't have any in the state.
So why should they have any in the middle of the least?
We got fixed elections in the US.
So why not have them over there?
See what they, everybody screwed up.
They should have sent their friends with the die-bow voting machines over there.
Boat to Iraq and the Palestinians.
Our governor seems to be hell bent on overturning everything the people voted for
that he didn't like while he was in office.
Now you're finally caught on the latest being class size.
Yeah.
Now that it's trying to be.
He's got those vigorous plans.
Don't you remember before we got reelected?
He got caught on tape saying he's got the biggest plans to subvert that whole deal.
And then the public still goes out there and votes for him.
He is totally subverted to the electorate this day.
People of Florida never met a crook they didn't like.
Whether it was your buddy, Raleigh Martinez and Haya Lea.
Who was the guy in Sunrise, John Lamello and Sunrise?
Every time he-
By the way, those guys aren't friends of mine.
Yeah, you know something.
Sometimes you could use a good friend, Raleigh.
Yeah.
You could use one.
In fact, maybe the last four years you could have used a good-
So you don't get punched in the nose.
Me?
Well, there's a couple of people who like to punch both of us in the nose, but they're not going to happen.
Now if they wanted to punch Kildi in the nose, they'd probably have a bigger target.
He's like the driver.
Kildi, a beyond today, by the way, from the Yanta Center.
Yes.
That probably has to do with tonight's Pance's Devils gamble.
That could be really not good.
Yeah, and manages it.
Who does it throughout today?
Right.
Yeah, not good.
Like that Leafs Buffalo game last night.
That was sweet.
Buffalo 8 Toronto 4.
They're just seven in a row.
Just keep getting pounded.
One thing to lose every day, but when you give up like seven, eight goals every game,
there's something basically wrong here, but nevertheless.
Sonny Shrinein, it's going to be 40 or three degrees.
There's my Toronto Weather Report for that guy that says-
It's going to be like that year, huh?
It's going to be a little cool here today.
Is it really?
Yeah.
Well, and you'll enjoy yourself a Gulf Stream.
I'm not going out today tomorrow.
What do you mean by that?
I'll be in the water.
Going there tomorrow?
Yeah, I have to.
Because you can't put it anywhere else.
Well, it's not just that.
I have to-
Well, it's Jerry Bailey's last day.
Yeah.
Oh, you want to be there for Jerry Bailey?
Yeah, he's having a little party afterwards, but besides that, he's coming to work with the
SBN and ABC.
I'll be there.
I'll be working with him.
Well, that's great.
Yeah.
That's your big thing.
Maybe we can do a crossover, Ian Stryk.
Yeah, there it is.
You go a little crossover on the air.
You're big on a crossover.
He can do a little cross-dress.
Whatever it is.
I got to-
I'm not going to say you've got all done out of shape.
I'm just tired of Jerry Bailey.
He's a great jockey.
I just give somebody else a chance, you know?
He is.
He's retiring.
I know that.
That's what I mean.
Like John Campbell with the trotters.
You've been great for a long time.
Just step aside.
Go away.
Go back to it.
How you criticizing me?
That's what he's doing.
I know.
Well, good.
I see it goes to Shoya.
You know something I heard all of us at Nebany.
I was talking with a friend of mine from California who was in a horse business yesterday.
And we were saying that that here's a guy who's going out at the right time.
Yeah.
That's right.
He's still good.
Absolutely.
That's why it's my last show today.
Goodbye.
This is it.
Yeah.
You just convinced me to talk me into it.
Wait a second.
Look at the check, Neil.
And then, you know, you know, yeah.
Yeah, when it shows up.
Thanks to Joe Bell.
Got my check there on time this thanks to like emergency repair solutions because our part time program director was gone for two and a half days again.
Very sad.
But we got a new regime now.
We got it.
It's just barely into the new year.
So we can like turn over a new fig leaf now.
I'm really start kicking some ass.
Yeah.
Like Greg Cotex.
So anyway, we did.
I guess I got the facts while you and I were talking yesterday.
But the fact that he's the singing a pansy or whatever it is on the labaster show in the afternoon.
He's a regular over there.
And a Harold puts his this bogus thing on there like a make believe poll.
Oh, please.
The only good part of it is that almost all the comments on there are like from our retardo people are crazy.
My crazy audience after the ones that put almost all the comments on that the blog.
Nice going.
Eddie, you know, this is Eddie the crazy guys we got.
We're million.
Yeah.
We'll teach it a mess with us.
We'll unleash all of our lunatics on your great great.
That's the one.
So that's the one.
Oh boy.
Yeah, oh boy is right.
People ask me what do you do for a living?
I say I talked to crazy people four hours every day.
I have been saying that for years.
That's the truth.
I talked to maniacs for four hours every day.
Don't we all whose motto is I have no life.
Yeah.
Don't we all you know who killed his first call was yesterday?
I don't know.
I'll give you 18 guesses.
And I can't think of what his name is either wants a little Havana.
Oh, I think that was the one.
I want to one of those chronic that they used to talk to the morning the same five people every day.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Just I missed it.
That's kind of sad.
That's why I don't we're not only don't screen calls on my show.
We don't give anybody any names because I don't I don't I don't go for that.
Here's a Dan in a paper finds who gives a crap you know.
Here's about Dan.
Just another voice another desperate.
So you're leaving when you leave in Monday morning or show and then I'm leaving Monday.
So I'll be here Monday morning.
Oh, taken off.
Well, then I want what you've won a one boy wise to Detroit boy.
I have a lot of Detroit.
They paid me by the second.
I'm also I'm I'll lose my sheen mine in the casino there.
I wouldn't go to Detroit.
I made my last trip there several years ago.
Well, I had a vacation.
I thought well, where am I going to go on vacation this year?
You know, as many years ago and I went back to Detroit.
You know that saying you can't go back.
Yeah, you can't I wouldn't go there.
Oh my goodness.
I was there one night and then I got on a plane and went someplace.
I forget where the hell I went, but I sure got the hell out of there.
My God.
Well, the Greek casino called and I'm set up for there on Tuesday.
Yeah.
Well, make sure like I said, take it all Martinez have a bodyguard.
It's kind of like a landing city because he knows a nice inside.
Well, no, they're really not, but it's okay inside.
But once you go outside, you have this feeling of a smell of death in the air.
You know, like you're going to get mugged any minute.
You don't have to go outside and get there.
They have a people mover goes right from a hotel to the casino.
Yeah, well, they're smart.
They know.
Yep.
They know nobody wants to walk around in downtown Detroit.
That's a shame too.
Just like Tiger Stadium, you have any idea how many games I went to a Tiger Stadium?
What a what a fun ballpark there was.
I went there once.
You're real close to the, I love that.
You know, just just a fabulous ballpark.
It's like Fenway, you know, the same.
Yeah, and that's why I only a little bit bigger, right?
Don't have a member like that.
You don't want to go there well.
It's one of those things, changing neighborhoods, changing cities, changing ballpark.
Right.
Changing underwear.
I remember when you used to do the remote from Riggley from that bar up the street from Riggley.
Or because bleachers right across the street from Riggley Field, right?
Yeah, did that a couple of years.
Those were fun shows.
Were they?
Yeah.
But we had fun at Riggley.
I'll tell you that.
No one here.
It came in that one day.
We thought it was great.
We thought he was going to stiff us.
And I'm just just in the middle of saying, well, he's probably busy getting ready for the game and the open the door opens just as I said it.
And here he came and I never realized how small he was.
He was a very short guy.
Yeah.
And just a great guy though.
We had a fantastic conversation.
He was really impressed with the fact that I remember that he used to call St. Louis University, Billikins basketball on KMWX.
That's probably the only person alive who remembered that.
He was great at that too.
Billikins basketball.
He was just great.
I mean, he was no one.
I wanted those guys.
He was good.
Do you ever meet Harry?
Yes, I did.
What are you smirkling about now?
You brought him up today.
I didn't say a word.
I didn't think you were going to do it.
All I said.
You know, for him to be knocking Johnny most, that's one of the eight trillion things about him that used to really piss me off.
Big time.
Well, he knocked the.
He knocked the other day.
Well, I mean, I did too because I think he's Jackson's old and senile.
I mean, I used to like he Jackson.
For him to do that one game didn't bother me.
It bothered me a lot.
He was awful.
But anyway, getting back to Johnny most now I, when I lived in Boston, I hated the Celtics.
I mean, like poison because as a kid growing up, I was of course a Rochester Royals fan, which long to funt.
But, you know, and so you learned to hate the Celtics and Johnny most was so partisan.
And then unless you were self-explaned, you hated him, but he sure was great.
And that's, that's what you want.
You want a Homer who doesn't like a Homer?
Bob Prince.
He was like him because his name was Mosquit.
I never knew that till this moment.
That was his name was Mosquit.
Yes.
I didn't know Johnny most was Polish.
Yes.
Really?
Yeah.
Wow.
We got robbed.
He was great.
He was so much fun.
Like my Renkoop and Pittsburgh, man, they don't make them like those guys anymore.
You mean, you talk about Joe Buck.
You know, forget about content, but just all of these guys today, they sound the same.
They had Dave O'Brien and Joe Buck.
They don't have any personality.
They don't stand out.
They're just another voice.
Jack Buck, it was great.
Well, Jack Buck was from that other era though.
Yep.
You know, where Jack Buck started?
Rochester Red Wing's baseball.
There's a little piece in trivia for you.
There was a cardinal farm team.
Well, that's correct.
And then he went to a St. Louis to work with Harry and Tom Decker was the voice of the Red Wings and Joe Colomaine.
Well, what crap is coming out of my brain today, man?
That's what happens when you get old.
You got all these incredible memories, most of them bad, but nevertheless.
Jack Buck was in Rochester for one season and he went up to the big to the bigs.
Nice man, too.
Was he?
Yes.
Never met him.
I met Milo Hamilton, which everybody ripped him an ass.
He was very nice to me because you know, I worked at JNO and Palm Beach.
I did the West Palm Expo's baseball.
I didn't know that.
Yeah.
And he was there, of course, because the Braves did their spring training there, West Palm.
So I met him ahead of my show a couple times.
My sports show.
I didn't know you did the Palm Beach Expo's.
I sure did.
Did a heck heck of a job.
Y'all could have been a great sports guy, but you know something I think I made the right turn.
I could be wrong, but I think I made the right turn when I came to that fork in the road.
I looked around.
I said all these ex jocks, all these illiterate dumb ex jocks are getting all the jobs down.
And I said, like, go sell now.
Well, it's true.
The jockocracy, that's it.
He was exactly right.
He's the first one who had the balls to say it.
And especially when he was working with a duller like Frank Gifford.
My God, you talk about dull and semi-literate.
I mean, inarticulate.
The only thing that kept Gifford going is the fact that he was working with Kosella and Meredith all those years.
That's what kept him going.
He was pathetic.
Although it was on ABC, so you probably like Frank.
He's a good guy.
Wow.
Well, he's had a lot of problems in his life.
He's got poor can't he lead to overcome, you know?
You got to feel for anybody married to a witch like that.
You know, some Frank, he actually is a good guy.
And he had a...
Tom Grease, he's probably a good guy too, but he's awful.
But go ahead, I'm sorry.
But, you know, Frank lasted a long time in that job.
He lasted a long time because he was part of a...
He was like the lesser ingredient in a bizarre part.
You know why he lasted one of the reasons he lasted all those years was because he was...
He was close to Roan.
You know, the guy who ran ABC sports.
Yeah, must have been.
He must have had naked pictures.
But, you know, he lasted well beyond Meredith and Kosella.
I mean, I mean, just often think, compare Al Michaels to Frank Gifford.
Okay, is there any comparison?
Al's great.
Well, is there any comparison?
No.
Okay, but it's hard to get that out.
Yeah, well Frank might be listening to that.
You know what I want to hear his feelings.
Yeah, I think he spent some time down the keys.
I was speaking to hurting people's feelings.
A D-fo, we don't want any party.
Okay, we're not interested.
If you open it, if you open it, window in your contract, just jump right out.
Well, we'll give you a little push.
That was some more good news I heard from certain parties.
Not interested.
Going back and rehashing the same old tired corn ball stuff, you know what I mean?
On that note...
Yes.
Have a great time at Gulf Stream tomorrow.
You too.
Say how to go to the...
Wherever you are.
You'll be at the...
Say how to do tandem by the course of the war.
I don't think I'll see you.
He's not there anymore.
Oh, and it goes to Vroyo.
What's his name?
Slanghaw.
Slanghaw.
Yeah.
Why did you tell me that?
That's just mind blowing.
Don't you understand how old that makes us all feel?
And everybody we know starts dying and we know that we're going to be next?
That's bad.
Yeah.
Where Slanghaw, his wife died and then he died and Bill called her died and then his wife died.
Did you know that Mary Ellen died?
I didn't know that.
Several years ago she had breast cancer.
She had been remarried and had a kid and was happy it could be and then she had breast cancer and died.
So it's gone around, man.
So when you're getting lined and dined in Detroit next week, just, you know, put a little bit away.
I'm putting a lot away.
Please.
Yes.
Take the money but push the food away.
I'm with you.
You can't gamble with food.
I'll take chips instead.
I'll take chips instead.
There you go.
It was no fish.
See ya.
Bye.
For three times four stars, it's a matter of two.
You're saluting accomplishment like to pass summit up a Tennessee.
Win for nine hundredth game.
That's amazing.
Yes.
Wow.
I'm going to say it's one of the greatest basketball coaches period is Pat Sum.
Dean Smith, I'm saying Pat Sum.
When you say Mike Chishapsky, I'm saying, you know, John Wooden, she's up there with anybody that coaches hoops at the collegial level.
When you say Pat Sum, I'm sorry.
I'm saying dominate tricks, man.
I mean, she's just got one of those looks, one of those styles.
I can envision putting like a black leather outfit on her, like some chains and stuff.
Time me up to the bed.
Nice long whip.
Make your run some suicide.
Just try there.
You bastard.
What?
Dean?
Yeah.
Can't say when she fails to lose, but with joy, what she objects that and crying means she can't like a bedroom.
She's fired up, but she can't.
The friends will get very there, thinking, hey, they keep it, she thinks she's gone.
And I've a breath for becoming a Buddha.
But secretly, she's glad that he's gone.
Now that then you lose his bow, his title's free, man.
Shout that she's happy.
Now that she has been spawned.
Will she fall here at now, that she'll get even so bowed?
Will she finally say, I can leave her, he's up and stealing cow.
Will she sing about their friends, if he's down the Larry's team?
Will she say that Brad was people and a tiny little wiki?
I said, blood, watch her, the front, cause I'm happy they both were.
I told them I'm wrecking which changed the plan.
Life was a fairy tale now, her house is for sale.
She's got the twitch from the twitch they were marrying in a bitch.
Like the bitch, what's that twitch?
The Batman.
10-15 at 5.
Since you already look at that time, man.
Wow.
How come I'm here and hanging it back there for a second and two doing that spot, Miguel?
Sorry.
Oh, that wasn't on the air though, wasn't it?
No.
Well, thank God for that.
You must have hanged a cut in the spot there.
We should probably put it on the air, or kind of like cut the audience a little confused.
Look at that.
Hey, you've figured it confused, rhymes with shoes.
And if you're shopping for shoes, head over to Brandy's and Pumpkin.
Or beef's they've been around a long, long time.
Not as long as I have, but then again, even the dinosaurs haven't been around that long.
Brandy's shoes carry a humongous selection of all the major brands.
They've got your rock porch for shine, Echoma Fisto.
SA is new balance.
You like them.
They got them.
And at Brandy's, their professional shoe fitters will make Dan sure you have a customized
fit of your very favorite comforts you are retimes.
It has for Arnie.
He'll take good care of you.
Make sure you get the perfect fit at the right price every time.
They even specialize in wide widths at Brandy's.
If you have big fat, disgusting, platypus-like feet.
Brandy's is worth the trip from anywhere in South Florida.
So don't forget for that unbeatable combination.
Comfort, style, fit value, and selection always think.
Brandy's shoes and you'll find Brandy's at 1290.
North Federal Highway in Pompe, and it beats the open daily Monday to Saturday till 9 every Sunday till 5.
And every week there's something really special going on at Brandy's to save you more cash this week.
Sparry top-siders in both men's and women's styles will save 10 to 20 bucks a pair only this week.
And only at Brandy's shoes in Pompe no beats.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69A.
The Buffalo Bill.
The Buffalo Bill.
Giving high on the back of the box.
Just in and wrong just getting sore.
All the cray-hump was too low.
To get some bad-ass kid homegrown.
A couple time back to take home.
No more fake bob Marley on his throne.
No fun in heaven if you're still.
No question about that because what else are you going to do?
10, 22, 5, 60, WQ.
Don't forget to come out tomorrow and select the seat.
Go pick your seat tomorrow.
At Dolphin State, I'm sending him to 2P and make sure nobody sees you doing it.
You can meet Don Trail Willis between 10 and noon.
You can lock in tickets for the Red Sox before individual tickets go on sale.
I don't understand that.
Why does anybody care about seeing the Red Sox?
Well, they're the world champions from a while back.
Oh, but plus you can register when a private luxury suite for opening day.
That's Marlon's Selected Seed.
Tomorrow Dolphin Stadium, 10 and AM-Til 2 in the VM.
Got that?
All right, good.
Anyway, we'll tell you this story before I tell you about these two movies I watch.
Yes, they enjoyed watching the imaginary heroes instead of his grade.
It was excellent.
Good.
What's not to like, right?
No, it's a warning.
Weaver was great.
Jeff Daniels was good.
Emile Hirsch was sensational.
What's not to like?
Well, Michelle Williams could have gotten naked or something.
Well, she did better.
No.
And I think it would have been a waste of time anyway.
Speaking of that, applications sent by Seton Hall University to prospective students overseas.
Unwittingly contained a tool free number, offering the opportunity to chat with hot-horned girls.
All right.
The Catholic University found in 1856 that it accidentally transposed numbers and admissions applications sent to possibly tens of thousands of applicants.
Well, they're going to be lined up like crazy to get into Seton Hall.
Spark up your days and nights with stimulating talk, the recording says, and then refers to a second 800 number.
A phone sex line, selling conversations with students, housewives, and working girls for $0.99 to $2.99 a minute.
Seton Hall spokesman Thomas White told the StarLender of Newark for Thursday's newspapers that the error was in both the online and the print applications that may have been present for several years.
I'm surprised we didn't catch it before now.
White said this was a very unfortunate type of, that's probably because there were no objections to it.
A very unfortunate type, oh, we apologize to any of our international applicants who were affected by this.
The phone number was supposed to connect students with the World Education Services, a New York-based firm that screens international academic credentials.
As of yesterday, more than the university was in the process of removing all references online, although nothing could be done about print applications already mailed out.
Similar typos have caused embarrassment for other institutions.
Recently last year, motorists looking for special license plates were accidentally sent by brochures and the website of New Jersey's Motor Vehicle Commission to a phone sex line.
In December, seniors calling a toll free number to ask questions about Medicare were directed to a similar service due to a misprint in 20,000 letters sent by Insurer Humanity.
They were all going like, oh my God.
That.
Using a lot of extra oxygen, a lot of pacemakers went up.
So the log is back, backass word, huh?
Yes, the ghost fault.
Well, probably. When the hell is the dry show and up after his father gets his knee chopped up?
I don't know.
Here's the fact that says, well, isn't this great? Wow.
By the way, you know, Riley, you definitely need to get a life.
This guy, he wants to be like a part of the show.
He says, by the way, your buddy, the lab bastard mentioned you yesterday in his radio show.
And let me just say this about the great code text that silly as told they're doing very few more votes going on there because everybody realizes the thing is fixed from the inside.
It's just a joke.
And all the comments that are on there, I would say 90% of all the comments that the that's stupid as chat roomies got going or.
Yeah, that's a.
Whatever's name is McGill McGill. What is the guy's name?
The Gallagher McGill. Well, whatever it is.
Idiot.
Labashtra was talking about Rod Artest and how Indiana was dumb for trading him.
Labashtra's view was Artest sales tickets.
And was it first of all, why the hell were you listening to that, Riley?
You see, I mean, we got managed on his list of that crap.
And I believe it will take regardless of his annex and controversy.
Stugots asked if the audience would accept a Rod Artest of radio as a host.
Labashtra says, yes, controversy means ratings, ratings means money.
Look at our Howard Stern and our buddy across the street, Neil Rogers.
Guess what, Danny Boy, ain't your buddy, okay?
You stick with the booster. That's your buddy with the orange hair.
Maybe he likes cartoon characters.
Our buddy across the street.
Guess what, Danny Boy, you ain't fooling nobody.
And that smell is back. I think my computer is frying or something.
Maybe.
Do you think so?
Oh, it's possible.
Well, why would that be?
Just one of those things. Maybe a bug crawled in there.
There ain't no bugs in this place.
Maybe some of them.
Maybe some of my tow jam guy in there.
Because there's this really pungent aroma in here.
And I'm sniffing around all morning long, trying to.
It's only in this room.
And now it's about, I pulled the plug up to shut the computer completely down for about a half an hour.
And it went away. And now I've got to plug it.
You're just working okay until it goes on fire or something.
That's right.
Or blows up.
I think it's going to blow up.
Could be.
I just bought this damn thing.
It's only by only hand it a few months to say it's a beauty, man.
That's where it goes.
You know what?
I'll just put it in the closet and go get a new one.
That's right.
That's what you do when you got a few bucks.
You don't go get it's face.
You don't like how it's got a five-year warranty.
And how would I just get a new one spread the cash around?
Maybe that's the way to do it.
This is new.
I've got buddy Daniel Bassett doing over there.
Hey, Bans.
You'll have Bastard.
Hey, you bastard.
Tell me something we don't already know Mr. Brevidenz.
Our country is at war and our government has the obligation to protect the American people.
Tell me something we don't already know Mr. Brevidenz.
And we are aggressively doing that.
We are finding terrorists and bringing them to justice.
We are gathering information about where the terrorists may be hiding.
We are trying to disrupt their plots and plans.
Anything we do to that effort.
Any activity we do is with end the wall.
We do not torture.
And I wonder how much you tell the truth sometimes.
There's an enemy that works.
It plots and plans.
It wants to burn America again.
So you bet we'll address the food for sure.
Tell me something we don't already know Mr. Brevidenz.
But we will do so under the wall.
And that's why you're saying members of my administration go and brief the Congress.
We do not torture.
And I wonder how much you tell the truth sometimes.
We do not torture.
I will go with red.
Tell you what, you're torturing a lot of us.
Make no mistake about it.
Okay, let's look at that award-winning line.
Let's get this thing organized.
Okay.
Two o'clock we got Goli from the BAC that stands for Yenthus Center.
Four o'clock is Mandog at Hooters-Dorrell.
Seven o'clock Panther preview.
At 7.30 that's the Panthers and the Devils at the Macarena.
Could be really ugly because the Devils are Hottase Pistola.
The Panthers are choking and gagging.
Oh and by the way I'm going to spy report.
Oh I should have mentioned this to the Humper.
From my friend who was at the game, the Columbus game, he said if there were 3,000 people there, that was a lot.
The game where they said the attendance was not Columbus.
Who did they play?
Carolina.
If the attendance in was 12,000-5, he said if there were 3,000 people there that counted the usheres
and the players and the coaches and the officials as well.
And the people like in a parking lot who were just smoking a big fat one.
How do you like that?
3,000 people there against the division leading Hottase Pistola, Carolina, and the Hurricanes.
And nobody was there.
Anyway the Devils will be in town, which their Marty Broderer never loses to Florida.
And Eddie came to the hockey game. That's their award winning lineup.
I think my computer is burning up.
It's better.
Huh?
Could be.
What do you think?
I don't know, just let it run its course.
Let it be? No, I'm going to like unplugged.
Oh yeah.
I don't know, I have a forest fire in here while I'm plunging my gut.
Okay, here's yesterday's poll result. Who best fits this?
I still can't get over that.
Riley, you need to need to get a life.
Get some, get a blow up doll. Anything.
Someone who thinks they can sing but they can't.
How many votes do we get on this?
1491.
Wow, what a great year.
That was the year that Columbus was diddling with what's your name? Queen Isabella.
Right?
Yoko Ono 197, Ashley Simpson 181.
We had a good race there. Nice contest.
How come this thing isn't working either?
Oh, now please, please.
I don't tell me this thing is screwed up. That would be really, really bad.
Wouldn't it?
Yeah.
I just ran my spy bot.
And it's just kind of like sitting there and then it goes back to...
Well, anyway, the audience doesn't care about that.
They want to be entertained. They want to be amazed.
And chidlated and stuff like that.
Dance, murky.
They don't care that my computer is going to blow up right here.
It smells like iodine in here.
See what that is? It didn't do nothing.
Oh, this is bad, huh?
I said, oh, no.
William hung 105, William Schentner 101, John Ascroff 92, Jailow 82,
Kevin Feederline 67.
Can he belt one out?
Or what?
Kelly on David Hasselhoff 48.
Kelly Osborne 47, Celine Dion 44.
Lisa Marie Pressley 41, Dyke.
Eddie Murphy 37, Paris Hilton 35.
Five 34, Bob Dylan 31, Regis Goulvin 31.
And it still didn't do anything there.
Look at that.
It's just, oh well, I'm getting out of that thing.
I'm just going back home.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, go home.
Bob Dylan 31, Regis Goulvin 31, Kathie LeGiver 29, Jamie Fox 28,
Ricky Tiki Sanchez 27, Will Smith 27, Tony Danza, and Rick Adlesius 22,
a. P. Same Guy, Roseanne 20, Don Johnson 19, sliced the low 18.
Justin's thinkerbell 16.
Now who is somebody that he's an actor now?
We got him.
Even fun dance.
We got a good frame.
Lindsay Lawon 13, Lowhan Bruce Wallace 10, Dion Sanders 10,
Greg Cotex 8, the singing nun on the afternoon show on the Cross the Street.
Our good friends across the street.
Stubots and Dan LeBaster.
Ricky Martin, 6 John Provolta, 6 Johnny Stamos, and Hulk Hogan and Patrick Sleazy,
5 apiece, Rosie O'Donnell 4, Joey Lawrence 4, William Wilson 3,
Chuck Norris and Mark Walberg and Philip Thomas and Michael.
And Michael Thomas 2, David Solv 2, Vicky Lawrence 2, Paul Serbino 1,
and Tom White's nun because nobody knows who they did.
Tom White's and we wait for my computer to blow up.
I think this thing is Ellen.
You think that's bad?
Of course it's bad.
No, Jay.
You be Ellen.
That is bad.
So before I give you like today's pool,
I want here's another very important pool.
We got all the pools you could ever want.
Even you pool lovers out there.
Most think Bush is failing second term.
A wrap.
What do you think?
Absolutely.
A majority of Americans are more likely to vote for a candidate in November's congressional elections
who opposes President Bush and 58% consider a second term a failure so far
according to a new poll come out yesterday.
Fewer people consider Bush to be honest and trustworthy now than a year ago
and 53% said they believe his administration deliberately misled the public
about a RACS purported weapons program before the U.S. invasion in 2003
according to the new CNN USA Today Gallup Shorts Pool.
53% said they believe he deliberately lied to the public to get us in the war in Iraq
and then he's still on the president and he's still on the air for like two, three hours every day
talking crap and looks like a moron.
How do you like that?
Yeah, I think this computer I think maybe something to fry it in there.
Uh-oh.
Huh?
Is that possible?
Of course it's possible.
Well, but it's still working right now but I have a feeling.
Sure.
And it's that smell that iodine kind of smell is coming up into the room again
and we're probably going to soon pass out in the middle of the show today.
Jeez, I would like to have lived just at least through the weekend
so I could go back and plunge my guts out in the agra.
See all those beautiful young couples there?
I was hunting them couples?
Shoot a few of the bitches?
I mean, what?
Well, I get to get in a way, you know?
Well, I don't know, everything seems to be working on here just fine.
So I'm probably going to take up an office pool.
Call up any key at home and give me the morning line on.
I'm what time do my computer is going to blow up today in the middle of the show?
Well, that is really bad news.
We'll get a chart going.
Somebody QYM, hello?
Hello?
Yes.
Hey, you don't.
Mia, what was the, uh, if you don't mind me asking?
What was the track that Shaft sounding track that you had on your intro?
If you don't mind telling me?
What was the track we had on the intro?
You're asking me?
Yeah, can I ask George?
Poppa was a rolling stone by the way.
Oh, I couldn't actually, I wasn't paying attention because I kept hearing Hank talking in the background,
I'm putting a spot.
Tentate.
Poppa was a rolling stone?
Right.
Thank you, sir.
Poppa was Mick Jagger's and Daddy.
Good job.
Okay.
Yeah, what, what is that?
That, the first time we ever had anybody call for that?
Let me go ahead.
I want to sniff this, just a minute.
Let me sniff it.
You know what?
That's not what it is.
No.
That is what it is.
We know.
Huh?
Maybe a rat died in the corner.
No, it's not that kind of a smelly.
There ain't no rat in here, mister.
Maybe it's like something in the building, like right above this room.
It's a very well-made thing.
You think?
Maybe a rat died upstairs.
And maybe there's a, uh, some French Canadian that is in here upstairs.
Maybe the people upstairs left their bathtub.
But if that's the case, how come my spa bod didn't clear out their items, huh?
Huh?
I don't know.
Mister Computer Expert?
I don't know.
So let me tell you about the two movies I watched yesterday when we come back from the break.
One of them, very good, which, uh, uh, it's too bad Josh isn't there.
He'd be very proud, but too bad.
He's busy, uh, he lives, he lives, he lives.
I doubt it.
He's probably listening across the street.
He's spying.
And we got spies on you guys across the street listening to us.
See what kind of crap you talking.
My good friend, Neo Rodgers, across the street, yeah.
Who are you kidding, Danny?
You jackass, you little eager, you, you, you're egotistical maniac.
You're gonna have a big ego.
There's one thing you need to go with it, which you lack and that's called like talent.
This is Neo Rodgers.
This is 5.62 AF.
Coming up tonight, an inside and behind the true Hollywood celebrity music program you profile story.
They were one of the biggest alternate bands of the 80s and 90s,
despite the fact that their lead singer was dead the entire time.
They were the cure.
I don't care about you, it's Friday, I'm in the house.
Oh yeah, I've been dead since 1991.
I was depressed at first, but I think I made it work for me.
The Cure's Fountman, Robert Smith, was a Goulish figure with pale white face and shocking inward scissor hands here.
Well, I mean, it's a bit of a drag.
We went through a lot of personnel changes in the band, you know,
with my having to gradually suck their brains out with a straw for nourishment.
Sure, I could see that.
Of course, this was the 80s.
So as they had more and more of their brains sucked out, the music got better.
Makes sense.
Basically, I didn't want a little thing like being dead to getting away in the main goal.
Which was what?
Right in its songs and banging lots of crumpets.
That's necrophilia.
Well, for them, yeah.
Not for me.
I was already dead.
I never looked at it that way.
Oh, sure.
It ain't necrophilia if you're already dead.
I mean, it was on guilty of what?
An eye of a failure.
You're pretty on top of it for a dead guy.
Listen, mate.
I am still the one, the only, the original walking corpse.
Eat my smoke, Michael Jackson.
The Cure.
Hey, we would never have had those hot, slunny got-jacks without them.
It's a big juicy, stomping wet look at show business tonight, uninside the behind.
So you'd be pleased to know that that this fine-mod did work and it was just fine.
I am not relieved.
Are you relieved now?
That my computer probably isn't going to blow up in the middle of the show.
After the show, I'll just unplug it.
Right.
Just hit it with the hose.
Okay.
What movie?
This is the pool that we're doing now and through the weekend.
What movie should never have been remade?
All the bad remakes all the time.
6.97.
Psycho 67, pun of the eights.
Pota 66, and War of the World 63.
So there's that all-in-one.
I'm just fumes are going to get me gagging today.
It's probably, you know, probably what it is.
It's because you've got me to take all that Norton anti-virus stuff out of my computer.
Yes, then there's probably a virus in my room now.
Probably.
Definitely Ebola.
Pink Panther 58, the longest yard 53, Bad News Bear is 45.
Per me the love bug.
You know how many that's got?
About 30, man.
Roar ball 27.
Even with Chris Klein, still, he couldn't put it over the top.
Oceans 1120, Miracle on 34th Street 19, the blob 18.
Shaft 15.
Did you see Isaac Hayes was a Scientologist?
What I said.
Oh, that's Bad News.
Fly to the Phoenix 15.
Guess who's coming?
Guess what's coming at Inter 13?
Godzilla's coming at Inter 13 for Godzilla.
Stepper and Wise 12, maturing candidate 11, Amityville, horror 10.
The producers 10.
Why did they do that?
A star is born 10.
The postman always rings twice nine.
Freaky Friday 8, Walking Tall 8, Lonah Donah the Dead 8.
Let's hide your fall, the birdcage 7.
Dr. Duluthel 7, Gone in 60 seconds 7.
How so wax 7, The fog 6.
Meteor black 6, The Out of Towner's 5.
Superb that doesn't 5.
Mr. Deeds 5, Dracula 5.
Time Machine 5.
When a stranger calls 5, don't see it.
It's coming to a theater near your zoo.
I'll soon avoid it like a plague.
Kate Pier 5.
Have you checked the children?
I mean, I still can't get over that.
And then when they tell me that they give away line to the whole thing,
he's in the house to get out of the right away.
They've been doing that a lot lately, not just with this movie.
Give it away.
Well, it saves you some money anyway.
They don't have the way you're going to go see it.
I thought I would anyway, but yeah.
Kate Pier 5, Alfie 4.
In her at the win 3, the Italian job 3.
The hills have eyes too.
Let's hold on pre-sync 13 to the Noah's Sky 1.
And non-for-trial angry men, or the getaway out of 705.
Are you impressed or what?
Okay, here's my movie review right after this very important call.
Q-I-M, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Do you have Star Skinshots on there?
Star Skinshots was a movie?
I thought it was a TV show.
It was.
It made into a movie.
Does that?
That's not a remake.
Sorry.
Nice try.
They don't understand a question.
Oh, that's new.
What movie should never have been remade?
Not what TV show.
I mean, if we...
That's a whole separate movie.
Oh, the poll.
What they did.
They did a great movie and they did...
Oh, it ate everything.
Oh, my God.
Right?
The Monsters movie.
You name it.
Anyway, so yesterday I had a little exciting episode trying to watch City of God, which people have been nudging me.
You've got to watch City of God.
Okay.
See, it burned me a really bad copy.
I'm sorry.
I started watching it.
And the day I wasn't in the mood to watch any movie, I guess.
And I just stopped after about five minutes.
It says, ah, I had a hell with this.
And so I started watching it again two nights ago.
And then I watched it about an hour of it.
And I told it there was like some break up in the digital DVD thing.
Not too bad.
And then I realized, I'm like, this is a two hour plus movie.
I'm going to go to bed and I'll watch the rest tomorrow.
So the show ends yesterday at two.
I popped that baby in there and make me a little lunch.
And while I'm eating lunch, I put it in there.
And right after the part where Benny gets shot by accident, I'm sorry.
Benny gets shot.
So, um, what?
Oh, no.
By the way, you know, Benny should have done something with that hair.
That was not a good color.
No.
You know, the glasses were bad enough.
But anyway, so Benny gets so shot.
And then right after that, which really gets to the real important part of the movie, the most important.
Uh, and then all of a sudden starts breaking up real badly again.
Damn it.
The digital breakup on that DVD God was punishing you for burning your copies.
I shouldn't have blown my head.
So I thought to myself, well, yeah, I've watched this much and I'm really enjoying it.
It's pretty good.
But I, and now I got to put on my jacket, it was colder in the hell.
I go to the neighborhood music store.
And I'm looking under the city of God.
I can't find it.
And I don't really know when I find it, but I don't even find like the empty thing there for the file or just they're out of them.
There's no such thing.
The tab.
The what?
The tab.
The tab hunter, whatever.
A tab hunter was there.
He said he was, hey, that city we know get lost.
You're old.
So I came back home.
In fact, I went to another restaurant and looked and they also didn't have it.
So I came back home and I went to the IMD because I thought I think this movie's got like about 40 other names.
Lost the day they do.
What's the French name?
Well, I see no that's not the name of it.
That's that's on the packaging.
I see.
I see because it's everything here has to also have the frog on it.
I claim the international on man.
Yeah, it's got.
Oh boy.
I said.
So but the other name of it is a said not the sea of dogs because that's Spanish.
It's portagacy.
We said that they they they were something like that.
So I wrote that down and I went over there and I thought well now I'm going to find it.
And I looked that up and they still wasn't there.
And of course I'm just I'm not one of those people who likes to go to the information desk and say, uh, you have I should have done that.
But that's no fun.
It's like asking people for directions, you know.
Yeah, no, no, what man does that?
That's right.
So I want to be a manly man.
So I I thought to myself, well let me look under the uh, and they haven't like a world world the movie section.
Whatever they call it world something.
And sure enough, there was city of God.
And I came back and I acuted it up to where I had left off and it was damn good. It was excellent.
Not now Roger Ebert, you know, who's a very silly person on the front of it.
It says one of the best films you'll ever see.
You know, I would not say and it's got that eight point eight out of ten.
No, it was very good.
The fact that it's got subtitles.
It's in a four-lang written that's got subtitles immediately.
They add about a point and a half for that.
That's right.
So it was actually it's worth seeing.
And I watched the whole thing and Josh Curtis don't have to bug me about it anymore or you.
And it was fine.
And you've got your you've got the imaginary heroes and you watched it.
It was very good.
And that was fine.
I would say imaginary heroes was better than this.
But then again, that's just my opinion.
Right.
Well, I like city.
God better.
But then that's just my opinion.
That's your opinion.
It's a little bit more.
Now when I was over there the second time looking for and finally finding the city of God, the city of.
Damn God.
I also happen to see it's really amazing.
There's no reason to go to a theater and see a movie anymore because after about two months they're on DVD.
Right.
They've been saying that they're releasing them earlier and earlier.
In fact, bear bear back.
A mountain bear back cowboy is going to be March 7th.
It's going to be on DVD in the stories.
Oh boy.
Well, I know you'll be out there just waiting.
You'll be in up at three in the morning waiting for them to open the door.
I'm camping out.
Right.
I can't.
I think.
So anyway, I see the constant gardener.
And there has been so much holo blue.
In fact, every list of all the top movies of the year and it's so great.
And probably even some of our people out there.
Now first of all the name is crap because the main character in a movie Ralph Fien, whatever his name is.
Yeah.
What is his name?
Ralph Fienes.
Fienes.
Sorry, Ralph.
Oh, Ralph Fienes.
Yeah.
Sure.
Faker.
Yeah, he's in the gardening and you see like three or four times in a movie he's like digging in the garden.
And then but not it's just stupid.
It's just a stupid thing because there's nothing to do with the movie.
And the movie is about how they're poisoning all these people in Africa, the pharmaceutical companies.
And they're experimenting on them with this.
This is going to be this big worldwide epidemic of tuberculosis.
And nobody knows about it except for the drug company and the drug company's manufacturing.
It kind of reminds me of that avian flu thing.
You know, with that thorough flu that Donnie Rumsfeld's got all that stock in.
So anyway, that's the thing.
And if you think I'm getting away to plot good because you don't you want to save the money.
And a guy's wife gets murdered along with her.
Her, I don't know what you would call him.
Her black, her chocolate, complexed the assistant.
Is there a buddy?
Which we're supposed to think he's the bunny.
But the fact is it turns out that he's gay so they weren't doing anything anyway.
But the husband is suspicious because they have like an open marriage.
And she loses the kid and then she goes off to us somewhere.
And of course I just got to watching City of God which is about all these.
And again, I don't want to make it into a racial thing.
But I will anyway.
It's about all these brown and black kids.
And then this movie, most of it is in Africa.
And it depicts the, I mean, not the same thing wrong with that because the world doesn't care about all these people that are dying in Africa.
But these people are being used as guinea pigs and being experimented on by the pharmaceuticals.
Because it would cost them too much more to like remix the drug and like re, you know, experiment with that.
And so they're trying it out on these people unbeknownst to them.
And to see if it does cure tuberculosis.
And they can make billions of dollars from it.
And you know, first rate spy game and all these line, what are the years best movies and about this gripping thriller.
There is nothing thrilling about it.
There is no suspense.
The acting because it's mostly a British thing is about as dry as sandpaper.
Honesty God, how anybody can consider this.
If this is one of last year's best movies, then we should have just slept through the year, you know.
Yeah, probably.
What would I do?
Huh?
Good God.
Good Galley Miss Molly.
Now maybe some of you out there like the cousin gardener, which I say your taste is probably deep in your tush.
I mean, it's bad.
So save your money.
Okay.
WDQYM. Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey, uh, and they put you that Willy Wonka movie man.
They put you why?
They're Willy Wonka movie.
Oh yeah, I'll about that.
Oh yeah, let's get that on here.
All right man.
Okay.
Now, will he walkers that like that when I was he talking about the Johnny Depp movie, that is correct.
Which is called Charlie in the Chocolate Factory.
Charlie in the Chocolate World.
Wasn't I ripping that a couple weeks ago when I came back from wherever last time from your place time.
Oh, that was just pathetic.
And you know how much I like Johnny Depp.
You know, the aroma from this thing is getting so bad here.
Let me smell it any minute.
Don't smell it.
So you think I should open a window?
It might not be a bad idea.
Oh, there he goes.
What?
Oh, I'm serious.
It's in here.
Did I tell you that when I first came in here this morning?
It's only in this room.
And it's not like any equipment is burning up or anything like that.
It does.
Let me have a pewter.
Why?
I said, how you doing?
I would say, I'm dying over here.
Must be the pewter.
Let me take a sniff.
Let me sniff it.
All right.
Let me sniff it.
What?
What?
Like six?
Oh, we got that priest again.
More priest story in Miami.
A lot of bad priest out there doing bad.
All right.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.16.
Q.A.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is your brain.
Go, go, go.
No.
No.
She drove on miles in style and wound up crashing more.
She died so many times with bulimia hard-dough.
She sits in the drops every day and helps them out before they cry her brain.
Lindsay's a girl from the tabloid aisle.
Who has been partying along while she will control Lindsay's arms.
I just looked up constant gardener on the IMDB.
It's got 7.6 out of 10 stars.
I just opened a window up and it's about 100 times worse.
I think that's coming from outside.
Okay.
That's a relief.
What is it?
That's a relief anyway.
It is coming from outside.
Why is that?
Well, it's not even on computer because I'm sniffing around a computer and maybe it did overheat or something.
But that's not where that room is.
It smells like iodine.
All the other room.
I think somebody likes to suck a cube.
Okay.
Now that we got like Stephen Harper is our prime minister in Canada.
I think that probably he and the bush people got together and they stuck along through the window or something.
Man, I'm just gagging on it.
I've never smelled anything like that in my life.
It is so strong and so pungent.
It's like if you're in the middle of a forest fire.
Oh, look at that.
No signal on my computer just went out.
It's a computer like I said.
Uh-oh.
It just died.
Oh no.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hmm.
Eric thinks you might have gotten a worm.
Are you serious?
That's what he said.
Well, why would it smell like that then?
No, I don't know.
I don't know nothing about worms.
Uh-oh.
Now you better confabulate with him about that.
Because if that's the case, I'm a screwed man.
I'm screwed in tattooed and all of the dude.
Yeah, I better unplug that baby.
All right.
One more please.
Should I keep more?
One, two, three, four.
But it's a great, I'm pretty lucky.
Yeah, thanks a lot George.
Why do you think that had anything to do with it?
The virus has never gotten no worm before.
It's just a coincidence that I moved all the northern stuff
yesterday and then between last night and today I get that worm.
I got a worm.
What else about worm is baby?
You get up with Firefox. There's no reason you should be getting infected with it.
No, I do not. You don't?
No, I don't. Not no more because on this one it doesn't make any difference.
I was in the last half of the time.
Poisonous evil internet explorer?
Yes. Oh, geez.
In other words, a worm would fry my computer? Is he telling me the MS?
No, everything's at the power supply.
A worm should not fry your computer like that, set it on fire.
Well, it's not on fire.
I mean, it's getting a little carried away.
It's funny that everything's at the power supply. Remember I was telling you my story this morning.
I had a similar smelly problem with the computer and it was the power supply.
Yeah. Because there's a little box that you put in the little box that's the power supply.
Yeah, the record gets plugged into right there at your computer.
And it tends to overheat and certainly it fits overheats.
It'll shut your computer down.
And it smells while it's overheating. That's what was happening.
Ah, fan. They're not the lead of the Eric to fight my worm.
Eric found the worm.
He's got experience.
Yeah, but when you eat that much, you wind up getting, you have to get the worm.
Here's a fact from Rick who says,
man on fire should never have been redone.
There's another one for you. And sound and silence is the land as well.
You're going to have to give the poor result because I don't have the ability.
Sounds like a land of not the one that was redone. It was manhunter that was redone.
Well, whatever it was redone as red dragon.
Oh, it says the original sound silence was called manhunter.
No, no more. Yeah, I do know more in the red dragon.
It was red dragon. He was a red maker.
He was a dragon and a hunter. Not silence of the land, which was only made one time.
Well, what about man on fire?
Never heard of it.
So what do I do now? I get a new power supply.
Can I get a new power supply for this thing?
Or is it not something that you will be able to do?
I'm a new horn.
I mean, you can get like your computer friend might know how to switch those things out of there.
I say might.
But you certainly will be able to do it.
Oh, wow.
Not good.
No. I might have to dig the old computer out of my closet and hook that baby up.
It's a good thing you got a lot of stuff in that closet.
Oh, my closet is loaded. Do I think it's not in there as me?
Oh, what's up, Chris?
Tommy!
You fairy.
And Dan LaBanster.
You fairy.
Wow, that's unbelievable.
So I told you, didn't tell you when I came in here.
So that's what that stench is.
It's from the power supply.
I leave it to Eric, our computer analyst, to know when man it is.
Oh, it's a good thing I got that window open.
I'd probably be swimming in the floor right now.
It smells like iodine.
Like real strong like macuracrome.
Once the last time you used macuracrome.
People I used macuracrome.
Yeah, it's out there, but it's all the time.
Wow! The whole room is just permeated with that stench.
Let me get my lice all spray here.
Ah!
Here it.
Whoa!
Man, there's a sneaky worm in Neil's studio.
God. I sure hope it ain't attached to me.
Good. Golly Miss Molly.
So how do you like that? The computer just died. It went out.
I-I doesn't plug it in again, huh?
Oh, not for a while, but uh, give it a while.
That's what I would have to do with mine.
The one that I was having problems with.
Yeah, I'm gonna have to pick it soon.
Eventually I had the power supply replaced.
Yeah. But up until that point I would just have to let it cool down for a while.
I don't. I unplug it, plug it back in.
For how long? Like an hour.
One hour? Why can't I handle that?
And then plug it back in and then it came back to the table.
And then how long would I stay before it started burning up again?
Couple three hours and then it would overheat and shut down.
No, I'd see.
So around noon, I'll uh, remind me of noon.
Okay, set the timer.
And at noon I'll plug that baby in again.
See if I can start a good fire in here.
Okay. That is really tragic.
Because I just bought this thing. This is such a great computer.
And you're telling me an error says that a worm,
how could a worm do that?
He's speculating. He's the one near your computer.
No, but how could a worm, how could a worm make your power supply overheat?
Only by causing your computer to run all kinds of processes
for an extended period of time and thus, uh, overworking it.
But if you were using it, it was working up until it shut down.
It was working when I went to bed last night.
And then this morning I came in here and it was probably not a worm.
Probably not a worm.
Although, stop using that internet explorer business man.
I gotta use that for Alexa, man.
You don't have to.
Alexa is not compatible with, do we have to go through this all over again?
I don't know. You're stuck on Alexa.
I'm not stuck on Alexa.
Okay, I'll tell you what. You sent all the bedtime stories from now on.
How's that?
You sent.
It sounds awful. No, that sounds awful.
Yeah, but it does.
Well, if I don't have Alexa, man, it makes it a much lengthier process.
And I'm too old and lazy to be doing that.
And these people want to read their bedtime stories.
Let me tell you.
Norton or known Norton.
Yeah, that's what Jackie Leeson said.
Using internet explorer.
You're it's a problem.
I haven't had a single problem on here.
If I would have kept that Norton anti-virus thing in there,
it wouldn't be having this problem today.
And somebody I know talked me out of it.
Oh, get all of that out of there.
What about it?
It must be just a coincidence that all of a sudden today,
the whole thing is frying itself.
Haven't you Norton on any four of my computer?
Yeah, well, guess what?
My Norton was my life saver.
I realized even though they kept bugging me.
I think they're pissed off that I wouldn't renew it.
And as a result, they probably exact me.
Right. They're the ones writing the viruses I'm convinced.
Could be. Could be.
They must have said a worm through the line.
Which, by the way, none of that stuff has anything to do with it.
I'm not feeding my seed. I'm calling the floor right now.
Let me grab it.
70 QYM worm central.
Hey, yeah.
70 QYM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
It probably sounds like you pass from the goals at all the time.
That's the first thing that goes on on computers.
What's that?
The parts of life, like Georgetown.
Yeah, but this is a computer is like three months old.
That's fine. They go out of the brand new when it went.
Oh, no.
They just not made very good.
So what do I do now?
Well, if it's gone down, you're S.O.L.
But if it's still like over getting turned off with the override inside,
you could put like a fan on it or something.
And see if it will pull down the power supply so you could use it, you know, during your show.
Put a fan on it?
Yeah, it's behind it.
Yeah.
What are your fans to go up there and blow on it?
Yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah.
I'm sure we got plenty of people who can do that.
And I got a poll for you.
Yes, sir. Please.
How about movies that bombed even though they had stars?
And my recommendation is tango and cash with some of the Stallone and Kurt Russell.
How was it?
Tango and cash.
Oh, Tango and cash. Oh, man.
What's the loan and Kurt Russell?
Good name, but I couldn't sell the ticket.
Movies that bombed even with big stars, well, there's so many.
Yeah.
You didn't see the first gardener, the constant gardener?
No.
Good. Don't see it.
I won't waste my time.
Well, I'll save you. I save your money, man. Don't see it.
Thanks. Well, good luck on a power supply.
Hey, thanks.
So my power supply is a tourist.
By the way, Eric just typed in there.
He was joking about the wicked worm.
He just wanted to make a worm joke.
That's my look and the do with the power supply, which is obviously worse.
This isn't time for joking, Mr. Fatsoo up there in Orlando.
This is time to get real serious.
Okay, my power supply is frying. Oh, it's frying over here.
And you're telling me that this is commonplace?
And I can't believe it.
It's like buying a new one just by itself.
Is that what you say?
The desktop that I had bought and was bought and brand new and not inexpensive, you know,
a custom built job and within a month, I had to replace the power supply,
which was obviously the cheap part of it.
You're not answering my question.
In other words, I can go out and buy just a little black box.
One power supply.
One can go to say one can, CompUSA or another, a computer power store.
Right.
And you can buy a power supply and swap it out if you know what you're doing.
Well, what do you mean by that?
It's not that hard.
It's just, I mean, any idea can see what the damn thing plugs in.
I can't swap it.
I don't know what it entails.
And guess what?
Now that I pulled a plug on it and I got the window open, it smells gone away.
It's got to be that.
It must be just a coincidence, huh?
It's cooking.
I hate brooding the audience with all these technical things because it just very rarely happens here
and usually all of our technical problems are down here.
So you probably feel better about this.
What are your computer?
It's frying.
It says I'm frying over here.
Doesn't you get your friend over here?
I'm frying over here.
That's a maven, right?
You've got your friend up there that say, uh, yes, that's, uh, right.
A computer, uh, uh, yeah.
Okay.
Ask him.
He'll know more about whether it's going to get.
The road is scratching.
Oh, no.
I feel like I'm dying from it.
Well, no, from that, uh, I'm telling you, that's like, uh, the chemicals burning in the area.
The stuff is like that, right?
It's like releasing all these toxins.
It's like you're going into that cool mine and not coming out.
Anyway, your friend might be able to do it.
Might know how to do it.
And what if he can?
Why be able to do what?
Switch your power supply out.
If not, you just take the whole case to the computer store and have them do it.
During the break, I'm going to go back to him and look,
because I think you're making it into a big semester.
There's only two chords.
There's one that plugs into the power.
And there's one that plugs into the computer thing in the brain.
This is very simple.
This is one.
Even a child could do it.
But you don't understand.
Inside.
I don't understand.
Your black power cord plugs into a box that's inside your computer.
That box then powers everything in your computer.
And you've got all kinds of wires coming off of that box inside your computer.
Distributing power all over the place.
Can I ask you a question here?
What's in the box?
Power.
Oh.
Let's get to that next piece from our slices of Miami charge with sex abuse after the break.
I feel like we haven't started today.
I feel like we're way off our feet because of this then computer crap.
You know, why can't they make stuff that lasts?
That doesn't like fry and burn off.
It's like the same with everything they make, man.
Because it's hard made in China.
You think?
I don't know.
Probably everything is.
Human Packard, baby.
How can it be made in China?
Because everything is.
I'm looking.
I'm looking for a little thing on it.
It's made with my strange one guys on the Tiffy Tall.
I don't know.
I can't find them on it.
Well, this is an HP over here.
I'll find it.
You're that great in China.
Probably.
Oh, look at that.
I just did in 1520 Fatah members gathering Gaza City in their wave and at Fatah flag.
And they're like getting all bent out of shape too bad, big deal.
Guess what? You guys lost.
Those free democratic elections, baby.
Not a good idea when you're dealing with people like killing everybody.
Hey, the emerald coast is slow. That's the wrong spot.
I see you got me all screwed up now.
I have no idea what you are.
I'll ramen.
No, wait, Josh is back.
Oh, I saw City of God.
I heard you review.
It was good.
I'm happy about it.
Yeah.
Well, there you go.
Don't get the constant gardener.
You didn't see that did you?
No, and I won't.
Don't do it.
Now, what do you think about my computer situation?
What are you supposed to be the expert?
Well, I mean, all I, from when I was listening, all I heard was there's a smell.
Not so much in the Mona that I got that on the floor.
Right.
Yeah.
And the computer just went out by itself.
So obviously it was overheating.
Right?
That's what happened.
Yeah.
There was a smell.
And it got overheating.
Shut up.
You leave it on like 24 hours a day?
Yes.
Yeah.
Just bad.
So now you tell me that I got to get a new power supplier.
Is this one like can I just let it cool off and it might be okay or not?
Well, try it.
It might be.
Yeah.
Let it cool.
And then it's not.
Yeah, I mean, you get a new one.
But we're getting a new one.
I've George made it sound like it's really complicated.
No, no, I said, I don't know.
I had you didn't.
You said you got to do the bumpest in your box.
And the creepest I said.
I was your friend.
The peak and swap it out.
It might be easy enough for him to do it.
Right.
But you're thinking I can't do it.
It really selling me pretty short of my computer
Analyzation and my analytical abilities here.
You know, it's not just a couple chords.
It's a whole bunch that you have to.
It is really re-plug in there.
Like I said, I'm showing it off the window during the break.
11.15 already.
My god.
Let's get with it.
Hey, if you want to see the most amazing fireworks, don't speak in a fire.
Ever.
Then make plans to go to Pompa no Park tomorrow Saturday, January 28th.
To see their unbelievable show called Hot to Trot.
Australian trainer driver Vincent Self-Eastroen is a amazing horse.
Hand me silver.
We'll race around the dark track shooting off more than 2000 rounds of fireworks.
As Silvestro drives the horse while standing on the shafts of his race bike.
Holding the reins in his teeth and the Marine Flores in his hands.
You got to see it to believe it.
Then there will be a spectacular infield fireworks display after the show.
There will also be free mini horse rides, free face painting and live music too.
All of these things.
All of these things.
Coming up tomorrow Saturday, the 28th.
Hot to Trot night at Pompa no Park at 9pm.
And like always, Pompa no Park features free admission, free general parking every day.
Live harness racing in the poker room is open every Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.
Poker gets underway noon in just about 44 minutes today and live racing gets underway nightly,
including tonight at 7.25 in the PM.
Don't forget every Monday night at Pompa no Park at 2 for $25 dinner special at the top of the park restaurant.
Every Wednesday in his dollar night for draft your soda soft dogs and more.
But especially when I mark it down on your wrist right now for tomorrow night.
The big Hot to Trot show at Pompa no Park.
Pompa no Park with cymbal casting every day night, seven days a week of last Saturday.
Landic Vlorbert on Powerline Road for the new racing schedule.
9549722000 or go on the wicked web at pompa no Park dot com.
Watch out for a Miriam Toland.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69 AF.
Every time you see this is the way God wants it to be.
Once the day comes in and cover it and sleep.
Raynagan can Raynagan can Raynagan can.
Raynagan can cause he wants to make new or a Reese's movie.
And I would say what people are saying.
Like Jesse Jackson we as black people is coming.
Surely God is mad.
He compares the locals to a really long before.
Shocked.
Raynagan can.
Raynagan can cause he wants to make new or a Reese's movie.
It's time for us to come together.
It's time for us to rebuild a New Orleans, the one that should be uptown all the way ever they all.
This city will be chocolate, a chocolate New Orleans.
He never takes the blame for anything he said.
Shocked.
At the end of the day.
That's chocolate and some positive anger.
Off-worn father's.
Raynagan can.
Raynagan can.
No I can.
Raynagan can cause he wants to make new or a Reese's movie.
You can't have New Orleans no other way.
It was the name of the wall.
It's definitely chocolate.
It's 1121 so here's the poll results so far and you're probably wondering how you got the poll results.
I plugged in for a long enough to print it out and then I pulled the poll again.
All right.
Very swift to be.
Isn't that clever thinking?
Show enough.
What movie should never have been remade?
We got 771 votes.
We got to get to 1000 today which I don't know how we're going to do it because we like aren't doing a show yet.
Psycho's 77, punitively 869, more of the world's 68, Pink Panther's 63, the longest yard 58.
Bad news, bears?
48.
Herbie to Lovebug 33, Roar Balls 29, Ocean's 1121, the blob 20, Miracle on 34th 319, guess who's coming to the 18?
He's chocolate.
Flight of the Phoenix 17, Godzilla 16, Shaft 15, Manchurian candidate, Anemone Villorra and Stefford Wives, a dozen of peace.
The producers and the stars were in 10 of peace.
The postman and always rings twice and walking tall nine of peace.
Freaky Friday, down to the dead in the time machine man had eight.
Seven for La Cajra Fall and the Bird Caves, Dr. Drew Little gone in 60 seconds, lots of wax in the fog and seven for Mr. Deeds goes to a wherever he went and Mr. Meteor Black.
Six for the Out of Towners and cheaper by the dozen, five for Alphard Dracula, when a stranger calls Cape Fear, four for Willy Wonka, Vanilla Sky and three for a 12-Agrimaine and her at the Wind the Italian job, a pair for the Hills Avise, a sought-out precinct 13 and none for the getaway.
If anybody can call in and tell me why the constant gardeners are good movie, I'm all ears. I'm all ready to hear it. Got my ears on.
You got your ears on?
Oh yeah, yeah.
Good.
I'll call Eric after the show and maybe have the show and maybe you're wrong.
Well, I could see.
I just, well you don't know this particular thing now.
That's right.
Well, I just looked at it and it didn't look all I complicated to me.
I just know about mine and I had somebody else do it.
You want?
I had somebody else fix it rather than just taking swings in the dark.
I would like to know is that is the power supply a part that you can, I would assume that you can go and buy separately.
That's all I would like to know.
You can buy it separately.
Well, thank you so freaking much.
Oh God.
And here's more.
Yes, they're for the most part universal as well as desktopsco.
They're what?
They're more or less universal.
A desktop power supply.
Oh, I could probably go over this afternoon and pick one up.
Right.
So what's the problem?
Why you make consider big deal out of it?
The problem is I didn't aggravate.
And then Eric would have a warm business.
Eric says with a warm.
Several wires plug into that power supply on the inside of your computer.
That is not correct.
All right.
On the outside one black cord plugs into that box.
On the inside that box is connected to several other wires that feed your hard drive, your CD-ROM, the other board.
But there's only one connection.
There are two connections.
The black cord, the audience is going to go into a combinoff if you start doing this.
All right.
They're impaling themselves with sharp objects.
They're taking their computer monitors and heaving them out the window.
All right.
I'll handle it.
Trust me.
I'll handle it.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Hello.
One slide.
Hey, how's it going?
Just watching.
Yeah, I bet you did.
What do you think, Governor?
W-D-Q-A-M. Hello.
Sound like it was buddy who was munching on something.
5670560.
Tom 560, the Verizon singular.
You know there's nobody's calling in about the constant gardener.
Oh, one of the great movies of the year.
It's a thriller.
It's a chill or not.
It is so boring and ponderous.
In fact, I had a call from Normal last night.
I was in the middle of watching it.
Thanks by the way for giving me a break from the movie, Normal.
And he said he made the mistake a few weeks ago going out and getting the same thing.
Because of all the hype.
And he was watching it and he was like, he was so pissed off, he actually burned it or threw it out the window
or something because it was so bad.
He heaved it.
W-D-Q-A-M. Hello.
Good afternoon sir.
Or the song that he wrote.
Whatever it is.
Yes.
I think you guys are talking about two totally different things and you're not understanding what George is saying.
I usually don't understand.
I can't speak with that.
No people in the panic.
All of this is Carlos.
Very great.
What he said to you.
He said to me correct.
The box that he's talking about is inside the case.
This is not the little box that's outside that connects to the wall.
That thing.
Why is he?
It's inside the case.
And if you plug the wrong wires as he's talking about the power of the hard drive,
and the CD-ROM and all that good stuff, if you plug the wrong wires into the power supply the wrong way,
it will fry all kinds of stuff.
So I don't recommend doing that.
I'm not talking about the adapter box.
Correct.
See outside if that's what you're thinking.
Right.
It's inside the box.
Inside the computer case.
Correct.
How am I going to do that?
I'm going to take this thing apart.
That's what I'm talking about.
That's what I'm talking about.
Correct.
I'm talking about something that you can do.
I said, I don't be so good.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
That's cool.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
But he's not a computer repairman.
He's a programmer which is far, far, far cry from fixing gears.
You're going to have to take that back case, take everything, all the plugs off of it,
and all that stuff is slept about.
Oh my God.
Yep.
You got it.
Good luck, sir.
Thanks for the bad news, Pat.
I'm going to kill myself during next break.
Thanks.
Bye bye.
We're going to do like that news bitch in Sarasota.
That brings a red on the air.
Make sure you get the red on the air.
Are you serious?
We got to go inside the case?
Yeah, that's what I thought you knew what I was talking about.
Now, I'm about something that you can see from the outside.
The black cord plugs into your computer.
But what you're plugging into is a box that's inside your computer.
Oh no.
So that's the thing that's frying inside.
Right.
And that distribute, three distributes that power to all of the different units in your computer.
And all those little cables.
I think it's so that Norton anti-virus.
I think that's what happened in there.
Say that it was that.
Yeah.
George, George is buying me a brand new computer now.
And if you had any idea what it was like when my friend had to set this up for me because
of the fact I got the two in the network here.
Oh my god.
If we had to go through that again, I think he'll probably kill himself or maybe shoot me.
Oh my goodness.
We'll send fix it up there.
He'll fix it for you.
Like I said, I think it's just a made of comeback.
This is Neil Rogers.
Oh, we're frying.
He's 5.60 Q.A.S.
It's Friday, you bastard.
The ship.
The ship.
The ship.
The ship.
The ship.
The ship.
The ship.
The ship.
The ship.
The ship.
The ship.
The ship.
The ship.
The ship.
The ship.
The ship.
The ship.
The ship.
The ship.
From all of your rates and people, very...
...and the Russian TV poker, it's just organized.
I put barcodes on my baggy, chevret pens.
I wouldn't.
I may have worth being in a grave and I got stuck by my own peaters.
But yours.
You're gonna miss me.
Now that poker can't displace me.
Why, you're sure for the missing?
I don't know.
It's 1132, if you want.
Look at that.
There were a brand of fires out there.
1500 to 2000.
Fatah members outside the Palestinian legislative councilor.
Pistach and fired up.
Unless you had an election, you guys lost.
You guys lost and they're screaming by the beep.
But about killing Israelis.
But about killing Israelis.
But about killing Israelis.
But about killing Israelis.
But about killing Israelis.
But about killing Israelis.
But about killing Israelis.
But about killing Israelis.
But about killing Israelis.
But about killing Israelis.
But about killing Israelis.
I hope this can help.
Well, thanks Jason.
I'm in a relationship.
But see, that doesn't sound like it's something you need to open up the box for.
It does. Trust me.
Doesn't sound like the right price either.
No.
Really?
Well, it's all in watch.
So you want to get a, you know, if you even bought that, I'm sure it's under warranty.
Just take it back to where you got it and say, look man, the power supply blew up.
Yeah.
Here's overheating.
Oh boy.
And then what?
And they'll swap it out for you.
They should.
If it's a no swap it out for me.
What if it's not even three months old, is it?
No.
No.
But then if they're, but regardless of they're going to give me a new one, then I'm going to have to go through the same
gyroscience and set it up all over again is the first time I am going to get myself this weekend.
No, they don't have to do that.
In fact, I'm going to Niagara Falls.
I'm going to like jump over the falls.
What?
They shouldn't have to do that at all, though.
Sometimes just to be bastards, they, uh, they race stuff.
So you just said they'll swap it out for you.
What was that mean?
The power supply.
All the power supply.
Yeah.
And how long would that take?
Well, it will take five minutes and they'll probably take three days.
I see.
I always got that other one as a backup.
Okay.
I got the other one.
And I always get to have a spare.
And I'll take you.
I got the whole closet full of them.
And I'll take care of their stories for tomorrow because I'm such a great guy to a guy called Eric.
I'll send a Joshua bunch of crap.
Anyway, if I can get to those, it's already 1134.
And if you're like, we haven't even started yet.
I don't want you to do it today.
Because I feel like it before we know it would be two o'clock, we wouldn't even do anything yet.
Hey, and not only that, but come out to the Marlins Select to see tomorrow.
That's often stayed him from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. during these four hours tomorrow.
You can meet Don Trell.
Willis between 10 a noon.
He's the only guy who recognizes on the team anymore.
And you can lock in tickets for the Red Sox before individual tickets go on sale.
Plus, you can register to win a private luxury suite for opening day.
That's Marlins Select to see tomorrow.
It's often stayed him 10 to 2.
Now, here's our, now, how is Josh's dad as a foot doing?
Is that leg? Is he?
What is it?
It's leg.
What is it?
He's getting it scoped, basically.
Did he get last boycloths and stuff?
Oh, I see.
Well, that's not the big deal, right?
I mean, you gotta get more.
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know.
You'll be holding it as dying or something.
Yeah.
Well, it's not like I asked him sensitive question.
You would have answered, oh, he just, we just buried him.
Or, yeah, that would have been bad.
X-Price from our stasis of Mimie charged with sex abuse.
More of this stuff again.
Look at the maniacs there.
Look at the fires they're sending over to the palace, dying or whatever that is.
It's a bonfire.
A bonfire.
Oh, yeah.
Looks like a, that's just a hill gate party.
Look at those maniacs.
Got all these fires going in their marching around.
But all they think of, you know, Hamas is gonna make them look better.
I wonder why they feel like that.
Yeah.
Well, we're counting.
A former arts stasis of Mimie priest was arrested on charges.
He sexually abused a young boy.
He befriended a decade ago at his church.
Oh, this is quite a convoluted story.
The BSO, yesterday arrested a former priest who had served parishes in South Florida
for three decades, I'm charged as he sexually abused the young boy.
But that's only the beginning of the story.
The revenue of the doority of 62 was the first Catholic priest in the arts stasis of Mimie
to be charged with sexual battery on a minor younger than 12.
So whatever put those batteries on a kid younger than 12.
Once they're used by the way by Sally Fitz which makes it even less appetizing.
A leg victim's ability had been coming forward ever since the Catholic Church's exodus scandal
erupted in Boston in 2002.
Broward authorities began investigating the latest case after the victim filed a lawsuit against the arts stasis of Mimie
accusing of keeping the priest in a market parish where he allegedly doped and raped the victim now 19
over a five-year period beginning in 1996.
The suit filed against the arts stasis in September, which seeks $25 million in damages,
offers evidence that church leaders were aware of earlier sex abuse allegations against the already
yet apparently did nothing to protect children from him.
The family is relieved that this man is off the streets and feels the community is finally safe from him
after three decades of terror said Jeffrey Herman the Mimeo base attorney for the alleged victim
Herman represents five men who claim gorety molested them while he was a priest.
We are encouraged that the legal systems working to protect the community Herman said
only one Catholic priest of urban trevors Smith who worked in the North Mimeo nursing home has been charged and convicted
of sexually assaulting a child in South Florida.
Doerrady who's three decades of service to Broward in day perishes included serving as director of vocations for the arts stasis
was placed on administrative leave in April of 2002.
The arts stasis knowledge of Doerrady's past petapina surfaced in a 2003 memorandum by the BSO and would say sex crimes prosecutor
disclosed in 94 statement with a student who had been enrolled at Shamanada High School in Hollywood decades earlier.
A lawsuit filed in that case resulted in a $50,000 settlement of payoff by the arts stasis.
In the latest case, the unidentified ledger that claims to lawsuit that Doerrady then a priest in Marguetes,
St. Vincent's Church sexually abused him starting in 1996 when he was 10 years old.
Under Florida law, there is no statute of limitations that the victim is younger than 12 if he's convicted Doerrady or the charges could carry a life sentence.
And then we can get that guy that said they just arrested for a rabbi of Gagan.
And throw him in there with him. Maybe he's for hire.
In dozens of similar rabrimin investigations involving a South Florida Catholic priest,
the age limits been a very because leg victims were 12 or older, in a like 13.
According to the lawsuit, Doerrady befriend the boy identified only as John Doe 22.
When he was eight or nine years old after meeting him at St. Vincent's, the priest encouraged the boy to attend mass and confessions in the mid-90s.
One day, the youngster told Doerrady had been involved in a fight at school. Doerrady encouraged the victim to start smoking pot.
Many of the sex acts which occurred between 96 and 2000.
Happened while John Doe was unconscious or semi-conscious from binging on drugs and booze.
Oh, sounds like that Jesus do. That's always a good scam.
More than two years ago, former student of Florida Alessane Antony Catholic school leds in a suit that,
when he was 12 years old, Doerrady applied him with prescription drugs and raped it in him more than a dozen times.
These assaults asked all to allegedly took place in 76 at the priest's mother's home, Yamama, in a hotel room and an apartment behind the parish nearest house,
that a lawsuit filed in Broward Circuit Court in September 2003 named the school on our St. Vincent's his defendants, but not Doerrady.
A month later, the BSO released its findings on Doerrady after a 17-month investigation of a separate incident which the priest was accused of drugging and sexually abusing a 17-year-old Shamanad senior in 78.
It just goes on and I guess something they still haven't even scratched it with the iceberg. They haven't scratched it yet.
Not even scratched it.
And of course, how can you scratch it when it's back out of the carpet again? They're a really beautiful job of that.
They caress it a little bit.
Yeah, yeah.
They made a big stimulus about it for a couple of minutes and then it was the end of that.
No more.
Fist, I feel like naked without that something on it.
No, I don't know how you feel.
Oh my god, I feel like unclean.
Although I will say this is your smell's a lot better in here.
But, no, that's toxic.
Grant that's coming out of there.
It's like burning metal and wire.
Is it really? I don't know what it is.
Well, I mean, what would cost?
It's like burning up in there, right?
It's cooking.
What is cooking in there?
Maybe I can turn those pasta in there too.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 into the residence singular right on the slides.
I'm computer repair.
Let's get the degree of the lamp for extra service.
WQIM, hello.
I'll go near how I go.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
I'm glad.
He looked at a question for you and George, you may remember the name.
It's right on my tip.
My tongue too.
The movie with Ashton Kusher and Remak.
And what?
And Bernie Mac.
Ashton Kusher, he's with the black arrow.
Oh, oh.
I think that's a look who's coming to dinner, isn't it?
Something like that.
But he's coming to dinner, right?
That's a remake of an original one where it used to be the...
That's a Tracy, Sydney Pauftier, Catherine Hepburn, right?
And that's why it's on our list.
People, how could you do that?
I mean, Ashton Pucci Koo is...
Is that on the bowl already?
No, they absolutely is.
It's a white guy showing up at the black girl this time.
Well, I apologize.
I just turned in and...
I apologize.
Don't be sorry.
Well, listen.
All I got to tell you is...
The bars are so...
The whole...
For me!
Oh, no.
I think what he was really trying to say was...
This is Neil Rogers.
This is by 162 AF.
You're good!
Rise and up, back on the street.
Took my time to my chanlin'.
When's the distance down back on my feet?
Just the man that is well-dressed to survive?
Is the eye of a tiger, is the thrill of the fight?
Rising up through the challenge of our rival?
And the last note of the rival starts his prey in the night?
And his fortune must always be...
Eye of a tiger.
Eye of a tiger.
1146-142, we got a gildy again from the Banky Antisinter.
In anticipation that they pass away against the devil tonight.
Anybody buying that?
Anybody going to be there?
No.
All those devil fans will be there.
I just plug that thing in again and I can already...
That thing is frying inside.
Yeah, that's got to be the box inside.
Oh, boy.
Your power box.
Well, I did send Josh one story so far.
Ooh, I'm thinking that's about it.
Yeah, right.
Oh, no, this may never work again so I got to make up for like the next several days to any of about 100.
And I got the pull here, 822.
We'll make a thousand of this in spite of all this crap going on.
For which we apologize profusely.
Do you believe us?
No.
No, we don't mean it anyway.
And especially when you look at the phone you see only line 9 is reading.
I know that's going to be a very brief call.
How much do you want to bet?
What are the odds?
F3 to 5?
I ain't taking that act.
One to 9 in the morning line.
WDQIM, hello.
What are you going to have to bet it?
QIM?
Hey, Pali, how you doing?
Okay.
How's it up there in Toronto?
It's sunny and lovely.
Great.
My family was from Perth so that's up a little off east of you guys.
I've never heard of it.
I heard it for Australia.
No, Perth Canada.
It's up here.
Per Ontario?
Perth is around.
It's up there.
Yeah, on tarot province.
Listen, on that power supply it's e-6.
But they're right.
You have to go into the box.
There's six or eight screws on the side of it.
There's small screws, like number one Phillips, that take them out.
You're right.
Pull it down there.
And the power supplies are, but take it with you.
There's two screws that hold it in and there's four wires that come out of it.
And you can't get confused because they only plug into certain receptacles.
That's good.
And at the same size.
It's like three wires into this one, four wires into this one, five wires into this one.
They're not that hard to fix it.
Oh my God.
I caged and changed like four of them.
And my computers, and it's not that hard.
But take the original that you have to wherever, computer store you go, CompUSA, Canada or whatever they have up there.
I don't know.
But only to match it up and maybe get a little bigger one.
That's number one.
Number two, this is a three month old computer, HP.
Yeah.
You should be covered on a warranty.
Yeah, it should be.
It is.
Take a look at that monkey with it.
I'm going to take it back in there and say, hey, you guys did it with it.
And make them, if they can't give you one right away or fix it right away.
Hey, make them pay for whatever cost you.
No, right.
You cost me time and money.
I have to get somebody out here to set it up.
Yeah, I'm going to stuff.
Charge them.
Yeah, that's a good one.
But it's not that hard.
But it's not that hard.
Yeah, Florida is, yeah.
Well, I'm a Florida, you know, moving up to Pennsylvania.
My wife's hometown up there.
And I said, we're from Perth, Canada, which is north east of where you are.
And it's going to be a great time.
We're getting out of here next year.
Okay, Kelly.
Good luck to you.
Congratulations.
It's not that hard to change it.
But make it.
I'm not dealing with it.
I'm taking it in there.
It's under warranty.
I'm going to lift them out because I don't want to go to miss it up.
I don't think they do that.
But it's only like eight screws.
Pull it out.
Take the power box out.
There's like four wires that come off of it.
And it's not this much because they plug into like, you know, separate or.
Okay, thanks, Kelly.
Thanks.
He was going through the whole thing again.
He was leading from the first time.
Yeah.
That's what I was worried about.
I'm starting to feel like I'm here in Celine Dion music and hell.
Why did he keep saying purse Canada?
Where the hell is Perth?
I don't know.
Look at you look it up.
People don't say Perth Canada is like Perth Ontario or Perth.
Perth.
Perth.
And I wonder if you carry a Perth.
Little pink one like the Queen.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I mean, I, I, I, didn't I just get to her stand.
I'm taking the whole thing in there.
I think LeBrashton put him up to that call.
That must have been it.
That's gotta be it.
That was Danny LeBrashton's buddy.
Perth Ontario.
Is it really?
Yeah.
Well, how can we didn't know that if you're from there when you know what Perth's like
saying, I'm from Rochester.
Well, what state is that in?
Oh, I just Rochester, USA.
Right.
Hey, what does that mean?
You know, wow, they's confused.
Maybe he's from North America.
Maybe he's from Olaque, Atlanta.
W.A.M.
Hello.
I don't want to.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
If for your poll, the airplane has found to the water.
How about your print?
You know the airplane has found to the water here?
Yeah.
What is this man talking about?
I don't know.
It's what we've been talking about.
You're talking about your poll, man.
Yeah.
Airplane.
Yeah.
Didn't you hear the story?
You guys like about two weeks ago.
What story was that?
Airplane into water?
Let's go.
Airplane.
The airplane has found the water, man.
Go back to that, son.
Go back to that.
Oh, right.
I mean, I heard the words.
I just thought I was maybe putting them together in the wrong order, but that's the airplane we fill in the water.
Well, that's had never been remade, you know.
That was pretty scary the first time.
Yeah.
W.A.M.
Hello.
Q.A.M.
Nail.
Not lying, yes, sir.
Sounds like you got the birds through in the computer.
Yeah, they got the birds in it.
You should have sent the birds from South Africa.
Somebody Q.A.M.
Hello.
Q.A.M.
I want to hear a Nail.
Speaking.
Nail.
God.
Yes, sir.
How about question, ask you.
Back during the hurricane, when you were on vacation, I think in Georgia doing the show, you guys did a bid where it was sort of like a little song and how to be weird.
I guess I'm so freaking hard.
I can't find where it is.
What is this range?
Yeah.
Oh.
May I please have it again?
You can you have it again or do I want to hear it again?
Ladies and gentlemen, if I could offer only one tip for the future.
Back strange.
And people will leave you alone.
The rest of my advice has no basis more reliable than my own, the Andrian experience.
Put a slinky around your neck and try to walk downstairs backwards headfirst.
Sit naked in a large bowl of rice crisps and sing feelings while the kernels go sniff crackle and pop.
Go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your head through the hole where they say how much.
Lick, a stranger.
Tell him you're from Bosnia and your country it's a sign of respect.
Take lots of pills.
One of them might work.
Occasionally ask the stranger they've heard anything from Lewis.
The Anorien.
During an IRS audit, staple the guy's hand to his desk.
Mone a funeral.
Play GoFetch with a scene I dog while he's working.
Run naked through a mall yelling.
Kill her bees. Kill her bees.
Say the word tinny without smiling.
Try to figure out who said Paulie Shores should star in movies.
Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should work with kids.
Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries and try to make a run for it.
Disappear for great lengths of time.
Try to touch your forehead with your tongue.
It may not work but many women will appreciate the effort.
At a high school reunion, tell your old English teacher that your dog is still eating your homework.
Ask Mark McGuire if they'll take a million dollars for one of his bullets.
Try to find the secret to care for top success.
Understand your conception was an accident.
That your parents got wasted and wanted a few more laughs before they passed out.
Try not to lose your finger in your nose.
Take a bobcastis and toss them on the lawn next door.
Go on a car trip with bobcastis and force them to stay in his car seat.
Try to dribble bobcastis.
Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness.
Knowing you, you've done some crap that's really pissed them off.
Wish no ill willed anyone unless you don't like them.
Then screw them on their own.
Realize anyone who says they're completely happy or completely full of crap.
Ask a hell's angel if he's a woman or has he always walked like that.
Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them.
Sniff an old lady.
Imagine Gomer Pyle and the gay bar trying to get lucky.
Do this without laughing.
Find what's left of your innocence.
Understand it. Embrace it.
Detect it.
And if it's so often, take it out for a nice nash.
Carried them.
Not to care.
Home.
While you eat.
Act strange.
And people will leave you alone.
Well, I sure accomplished a lot during that break, man.
I got the poll printed out.
We got 822 votes.
But I'm not going to read it because it's ponderous.
And I say you two or three more stories.
Fantastic.
But I unplugged it real fast because man, just like five minutes of that thing being plugged back in there,
that just fills this room with an anxious man.
All those chemicals are like frying in the air and I'm dying over here.
Thank God I got the window open and be swooning.
Brother.
So George says throw it out the window.
George also says that he ran at the bathroom because he had to take a doof.
Well, you know something there you go.
And that's because God is punishing him for having me turn that Norton antivirus stuff.
I guarantee you that's what had nothing to do with it, but it would just lay a guilt trip.
Don't you think?
Sure, why not?
It didn't have anything to do with it, but I know that.
But it sure sounds good.
And the man's trying to tell me because I use explorer that that's why this happened.
Which by the way, I happen to like Norton, but you know, I guess that's...
I don't like the fact that he keeps popping up on here and bugging me like 80 million times.
Will it spray?
It doesn't do it.
I have it.
Mine doesn't pop up.
Well mine does.
Well your subscription is expired.
Well, you know, when you buy a new computer, it's already on there.
And then you get a free year like two or three months, and then they want you to keep, you know, to pay for it.
Well, I get it through this mighty fine radio station.
What do you mean by that?
Norton?
Yeah.
Yeah, the engineers.
The engineers what?
Book me up at the Norton.
I'm gonna pay for it.
How the hell did they do that?
What do you mean?
How can they hook in there?
How can they hook in there?
They hook in me up.
Good question.
Yeah, bastards.
Well that's because they hate me like poison.
Well guess what?
1157 at QAM.
This is new Rogers.
This is 560 QAM.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to 1 hour on QAM.
Hey, boy how are you doing?
With this week installment of...
I'll see you here.
Pants are essential to a man's entire.
Now I got all kinds of things of my pants.
And a Martians and a Bingo Berry is it?
Who knows what I'll find in the next?
You know many things have been said about my pants.
Now I may not be wearing any now.
But that's only cause in a flurry of excitement.
I sold them.
Book me up for pants.
Fred Moetz and James Coco.
Ta man and another thing.
Who did more for hygiene?
Summer's Eve or Mr. Whipple?
And I think you know the answer to that one.
And while I'm under subject of sports.
Who did more for the golfing offense?
Flow-moe rose into all of it.
Well Mr. Kittel.
Let me give you some milk to put in your pink pigtail of smoke.
Who did more for Gleig-Mist bathrooms fray?
Who are hay, bag of dough and run, reduce them.
We're gonna buy them then he.
And I'm not.
You know where you can insult the sound effects here.
If Joyce will only die.
Wait, wait, if you're going.
You can't go nowhere.
I'm not the f***.
And here he goes.
He just got chopped.
Anyway, the good news is here's one of the great things about having a great memory.
Yeah.
And I just found my receipt.
Oh yeah.
I'm gonna keep my receipt out of the S.O.L. right?
It's important.
Got my receipt.
And guess what the date is?
I bought this piece of crap.
I mean it's fine piece of merchandise made in Mexico.
I don't know, January.
No, Feb. 22.
So that's like just barely over two months.
Right.
And the power supply fries.
Well, people that told me this stuff's a thing off of me.
They might last a minute.
I thought we had that discussion, but I could be wrong.
Well, I said everything else often here every day.
Pretty much, but computers I figure you can keep mine like all the other computers on here stay on all the time.
All things have a lifespan.
Yeah.
And the more you use it or the more it's on, the more break.
Two months.
It shouldn't.
That cheap piece of crap it should not have a fried up.
Yeah, but there were a lot of beaners down there probably with eating those mochi beans in Mexico somewhere.
They were doubt.
Oh my God.
Probably killing a whole bunch of American tourists.
Well, in the meantime, they're sticking in a heart.
And November 22nd till January 27th, that is pretty crappy.
Now, when I take this in here because I don't have the box, I never keep the box because I'm an eternal optimist.
Yeah.
Well, no, I mean, if you keep the box, that means you feed, you're going to have to take it back.
So I never do it.
Well, break it for you until you throw the box out at what break.
Well, I already threw the box out.
See?
But do I also have to take that black power supply core thing with it too or what?
No, just take unplug everything from it.
Just take the box.
Well, it's not that big of a box.
Thank God.
Whatever the manly man like me could hold up a big box.
Just a small little box.
GOP sets up Showdown over Alito.
The Senate's top Republican decided yesterday to force a Showdown on Supreme Court nominee Sam Alito early next week with the two Democratic senators from Massachusetts pushing to block a vote.
You go, Kerry.
You go, Ted.
Senate Majority Leader Bill Fist filed a motion to cut off debate on the Leader nomination after his Democratic counterpart minority leader Harry Reid, no relation to Greg, objected to a move by GOP leaders to schedule a final vote on his confirmation Monday afternoon.
First, Fist motion which requires 60 votes under Senate rules will come up for a vote at 430 Monday afternoon.
If successful, senators will then vote on Leader's nomination, 11 o'clock Tuesday morning with a simple majority of 51 votes needed for approval.
And then you can kiss all your freedoms goodbye.
Bye-bye!
Unless you're a rich white guy with a lot of cash.
Bye-bye!
First move came as Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts with lobbying his Democratic colleagues to filibuster the Leader nomination and upheld fight given that none of the Chamber's 55 Republicans have opposed his confirmation and three Democrats are on records supporting it.
Judge Anita's confirmation will be an ideological coup on his Supreme Court, Kerry said in the written statement.
We can't afford to see the Court's swing vote just as Senator Deo Conner replaced with a far-right idea log like Samuel Lito, Kerry said.
How do you like that?
You know what else he said?
What?
Bapu, bapu, bapu!
How do you like that?
The White House expressed confidence that Leader supporters had the 60 votes needed to cut off a filibuster and maneuvered a lot under Senate rules to block a vote by standing debate indefinitely.
Bapu, bapu, bapu, bapu!
You know they bring into these potholes?
Bapu, bapu, bapu, bapu, bapu!
Like that?
And then they bring in Phil Sims when he gets started.
Bapu, bapu, bapu, bapu, bapu, bapu, bapu!
Like that?
And then they bring in Rimmer!
Bapu, bapu, bapu, bapu!
And it never stops!
Earlier Thursday, Senator Minority Whip, Dick Durbin, who is in charge of rounding up his colleagues for Keevots, also played down the possibility of a filibuster that we said no decision had been made.
One of the first responsibilities of someone in Congress is to learn how to count the Illinois Democrats said,
having made a count, I've come to the conclusion it's highly unlikely that a filibuster would succeed.
Two Democrats announced Thursday that they would vote for the 55-year-old oligot, Senator Robert Burr to West Virginia, you old turd, and Senator Tim Johnson to South Dakota.
Oh boy, both represents states that Bush carried the 2004 presidential election.
Bobby Burr, what a turd.
In a speech on the Senate floor, Burr, the longest serving Democrat in the Senate District in 172, said he refused simply to tow the party line when it comes to Supreme Court justices.
My considered judgment leads me to believe Alito to be an honorable man, a man who loves his country, loves the Constitution, loves his swastika, and a man who would give up his best said Burr to face his reelection of November can we really ask for more?
Johnson said that while he was troubled by some of Alito's views, I can't accept an argument that his views are so radical that the Senate is justified in denying his confirmation.
He said he would also oppose any filibuster with an nomination.
The White House police, the leader supporters, have the 60 votes they need to block any filibuster, but it would be better move, but that's good.
There it goes. So get ready to kiss your ass goodbye.
Yes, I already did.
You're ready to kiss Hamasca, but that's what they're trying to do over there in Palestine.
I thought there was no Palestine. Well, whatever they are, all them homeless or wandering Arabs.
There's the Fatah rally.
We're going to have to throw them like stale halivati at the Hamas people.
You know what the Hamas people are doing back? Just like that.
They're gathering baby a tense demonstration in Gaza City or as they say Gaza City.
Gaza. That's like the Brits and the Echinogens do that and the Aussies.
Gaza. Mazda. Oh, God, I hate that.
No, that's old Jews like Irshindler. Miami Beach. Miami.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
There's a real nasty looking Palestinian with an oozy man. He can put up with no crap.
He's using a oozy. Oh, I see all of them got oozy. Look at that.
They got some kind of a piece and pieces now what they want.
They're like, they're all just a bunch of crazy people. The Arabs, the Israelis, just get out of our life.
Get out of our face. Go away. Go away already. And by the way, nice head gear though. Look at that.
Is that a mood ring or ishmatha? It's a foul.
W-w-w-w-who I am, hello.
Yeah, I'm Neil.
And they get up so when you say rag head. Yes, sir.
Yeah, I mean, you read a article about them. Yeah. Yeah.
Coming to Q-A-M, hello. Q-A-M.
Uncle Neil. Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
So with this Alito conversation and, you know, besides the conversation.
Yeah, but besides the media spinning that, you know, the spinning Iran, Tehran,
enriched uranium without even bringing up the point that was already discussed.
If you remember the leader that was voted in in Iran was actually implemented
as being involved with the hostage-taking.
Yeah, it was implemented, right?
Exactly.
But what keep doing the whole same dance with enriched uranium, nuclear bomb?
Then we can move our troops right across the border from Iraq right into Iran.
You're right. And if the Democrats, I mean, this is the final gas.
If the Democrats don't, I'm not expecting even if they do filibuster, I'm not, you know,
but if they don't filibuster, I mean, that's it.
That's it.
That's their hands are around our throat. That's the last gas.
And if people want to do something just like you just read, go to John Kerry's website
and sign that online petition.
Even if it may not, you know, that is something. Go to Kerry, John Kerry.
I'm also start practicing making this sound.
Like that.
I know, Neil. I know. He's not, I don't, you know, he's not my man, but at least he's doing something right now.
Yeah. Well, he's doing some political posturing for us now anyway.
Thanks a lot.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
Could you play president of the Dumb Shmit for me, man?
Okay. No problem.
Later.
You got it. Take it by as long as you say goodbye. Promise.
Thomas Victor, they went ahead fair elections.
And first they were all celebrating off at Takwan and, but it'd be better boop it and everything was fine.
And then all of a sudden they thought that they lost all woe is us.
And it was like a bunch of crap and about to be put a boop put about.
Yeah, right. Your mama.
I think it's almost amusing because quite frankly who gives it in about them right here and those getchies?
The whole thing over there if the rest of the world would just stop.
There ain't no oil in his real last time. I checked. Is there?
No.
No.
Out there in the middle of there a barren desert.
So who the hell gives a crap?
All the Jews can move to Amsterdam.
Okay, and open up a whorehouse or something.
And just get out of there already. Stop it. Enough with a baloney.
It's not even kosher for Christ's sakes.
Five six. Well, I got such a headache from inhaling all of it.
Probably they'd like die from that.
I don't do that. I can sue Hewlett Packard and all the little Mexicans that made their computer.
Two months in my power supply burns out.
That's crap.
Yeah.
I've been raven about what a great computer this is and what it is when it works.
But you know.
Now what is that?
It could have been faulty from the beginning, which was probably the case with mine.
Yeah.
So.
Because I mean, I didn't have mine for a month before I had to replace it.
Then how long did it take for them to fix it for six months?
Yeah.
All right.
No.
Sure.
It's something that someone could do in five minutes.
And how long did it take? Don't be joking when you said six months.
I had a friend do it.
So it took quite a week.
I gave it to him in a week later.
I got it back.
It took a week?
Oh, well, I don't want to have to hook up the old crappy computer over here.
They'll probably take a month.
Get out of here.
I don't know.
A month?
I don't know.
It's just like getting your car done.
There's how long it actually takes and how long they actually take to do it.
Before they get around to doing it.
Right.
Posh can be around.
We'll put it on a shelf with a number on it.
And we'll get to it as soon as we're done with these five others that are ahead of it.
Well, Yamama.
I'll go there and burn their place down.
How do you like that?
I'll put a French Canadian flag on their store.
And then somebody else will burn it down.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Is it there?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Is there a flag?
There you go.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
How are you doing?
Pretty good.
These people are just lost, man.
They're like, give them a compass in a road map.
Still wouldn't help.
Yeah, I had a...
I had Norton or McAfee or whatever it was in my computer.
And of course, I didn't subscribe to it.
So, in about...
I took about a month to get all kind of viruses and diseases in my computer for all cradge.
So I had to re-put my whole system and I called Microsoft to help walk me through it.
And I just had no virus protection or nothing.
I had to dump everything.
And he gave me a website, DSVS, dedicated virus, fire support or something like that.
DSVS.
And it's...
The Microsoft website's got like firewalls, pop-up blockers.
And it's all free.
You don't have to subscribe to nothing.
It updates every time you turn on your computer.
And it's been about a year now.
And I've never had any pop-up, those fireware and no virus, there's no nothing.
And it's ringing in grade.
Much better than McAfee.
You know, because nobody ever subscribed to it.
Every five seconds, you get that little pop-up at the bottom.
Oh man, I like saying that northern thing.
I just about wanted to show this thing out the window.
Don't that thing throw it right out.
And it's like APG or APN or something on the DSVS website.
And it updates every time you turn your computer on and log on for a second.
It's shut right off and it stays on down at the bottom of the screen.
And I've never had a problem.
And McAfee sucks.
Okay, thanks, probably.
What was he really trying to tell us?
Like if he sucks.
Oh, okay.
Well, we don't want to give it to personal.
It's 1213 and 516-WDQM.
We got the YOLDI at the bank, the center, at 2 o'clock.
Get ready for that big game.
We love the Panthers.
They blow every game.
And then we got the mad dog from Hooters and Durali 4.
Panthers are people with seven of Panthers in the Devils with YOLDI and Silly S. Reddy or Randy Moher.
At 730 followed by the Eddie Kaepern show.
And then over the weekend, the well.
Hey, resolve yourself to a better night's sleep in 2006 by calling 1-800-Matrus right now.
Right as I speak, why do you think I'm about it?
Nothing's got a bigger impact on your daily health, your well-being, and productivity than a good night's sleep.
And you can get one as soon as tonight from Dallas by calling 1-800-Matrus right now.
If your mattress is more than 10 years older, it's noticeably sagging.
You're lumpy.
It's time for a brand new one.
If you're just from a complete line of Silly, serve as Simmons King Coral, temperate experience of an Anis Foster too.
Now the mattress takes same day orders all day long from Kindle to Stewart from Palm Beach to Ford Myers.
And amazingly enough, they still let you pick the date and two hard delivery window when you want that mattress delivered.
Like 11-1, noon to 2, 1-3, 230-0, 430, etc.
And they show up on time 99.7% of the time.
I love dial amateurs.
I've used them for years and you've got to be crazy to buy yourself a new mattress any other way.
Start off the new year right with a great new mattress from dial amateurs.
Pick up that phone right now and give them a call tool free at 1-800-Matrus.
1-800-Matrus around the wicked web at mattress.com.
Dial amateurs 1-800-MATTRES.
Leave off the last S because it stands for Stu Pendes Saving.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5-60-Q-A-M.
All right.
Don't lie.
All the heartburn.
Don't come to talk every time I see.
Don't come to talk to talk to talk to talk to me.
That's retarded him with.
Don't come to talk to talk to me.
He's president of the f**kers.
Repubblicate muscle in and in our ticket and idiot.
I don't know why they wanted to buy a button.
He's here just for the next four years with president of f**kers.
Oh f**k.
Oh what I did to the book was wrong and get to we're all voted for.
Oh why did you want this?
Don't come to talk to me.
Lift drum and Stu P.
Don't come to talk to me.
Find this drug in which yet.
Don't come to talk to me.
He's even tougher than me.
He's president of f**kers.
You don't care what it's all.
You got a man by hooker and bro.
I'm the Christian.
I know what's up.
You and I have no fear.
We've got a great leader with president of f**kers.
President of f**kers.
President of f**kers.
I see I just put it out of the story here and it didn't print out.
Well I'll be damned.
What was it about?
Something my important.
All about four people in here on a set of all-life shillings.
It's too late now though because I'm not plugging that baby back in.
It stinks like at the end of the world here.
You know what the end of the world is going to smell like?
I sure do.
I don't think I'm going to call Eric until we're clock unless he's got some.
Because we know what the problem is.
Pretty much.
I want to run that.
When you take it back they'll figure out what it actually is.
Oh it's sad.
It's burning up maybe.
It's got burning love inside.
Honka, honka.
What else could it be?
No, nothing there.
There it is.
Josh there will be dismayed to know that I'm already like there's several more stories.
And that's the Ember On priority plus I print it out the poll.
We don't have a computer you won't know if I don't do it.
Well guess what?
I do have a backup computer in the minute that I take this one over there.
I'll be hooking up the old ones right now.
And I'll know exactly what we have on there or not.
So how do you like that Mr. Smartass?
Because I ain't going away until later on this evening.
So you see?
Four warned is four.
And there's John Kerry looking scary.
Oh he's not saying we're dismayed music.
Well we, you know that's because everybody in America knows what he said.
And Harry Reid just said we ain't going to be able to block here.
It's a done deal.
That's what happens when you put a bunch of fascists in office all you would eat
like the ones that voted for Mel Martinez.
You're going to get what you wanted baby.
You're going to get fascist about teased all over again.
Just kiss your freedoms and you're asked goodbye.
What movie should never have been remade?
Now maybe Eric in the chat room can, because I don't think he's got any more to,
and has nothing to do with worms or viruses or any of this other.
That's just a coincidence.
You're as much as we can believe from maggots or maybe there's some maggots crawling around inside.
Could be or faggots.
Psycho 85 pound of the 8th 74, or the world 74.
A flat footed time for second place.
Think Panthers 70.
Movies that never should have been remade.
Longest yard 61.
Bad news bears 55.
Herbie Lovebug 37.
Roarball 33.
Willie's Wonka 26.
Oceans 1124.
The blob 22.
Guess who's coming at dinner 20?
Miracle on 34th Street 20.
Godzilla 19.
Shaft 17.
Flight of the Phoenix 17.
The Manchurian candidate 16.
Steppered wise 15.
A producer of 13.
Emedyville Horror 12.
Super by the 2012.
A star is born 11.
Walking tall 10.
Nine for the postman always rings twice.
Dr. Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut Lut L
I'm going to do a 3-4. I'm going to do a 3-4. I'm going to do a 3-4. I'm going to do a 3-4. I'm going to do a 3-4. I'm going to do a 3-4. I'm going to do a 3-4. I'm going to do a 3-4. I'm going to do a 3-4. I'm going to do a 3-4. I'm going to do a 3-4. I'm going to do a 3-4. I'm going to do a 3-4. I'm going to do a 3-4. I'm going to do a 3-4. I'm going to do a 3-4. I'm going to do a 3-4. I'm going to do a 3-4. I'm going to do a 3-4. I'm going to do a 3-4. I'm going to do a 3-4. I'm going to do a 3-4. I
mean, granted, you don't want to be caught dead looking on that thing. But, you know, I check all my sources, all my
answers. The second time I've actually gone there. Really? And the first time I've been sure of something. I'm going to be sure of something. When I leave, just say, you're fair. I don't know who it came from. WQ, QIM, hello. QIM, computer.
Did you see Supernatural the other night? Did I see what? Supernatural. Yes, I did. When's the other? That was very chill. That scared me. I was getting goose bumps.
It was chill. I get goose bumps when I see Sam. And one other thing. I get a little sound effect for you. Me and my friend, you see, he used this for when we used to touch our, touching ourselves. And it was going, oh, my goodness.
5670560.
I mean, we got a better one on the horizon and by the way, you ferry. Let's see. Speaking of sound effects, I'm going to also have to work on that on Sunday.
Get these things all straightened out in here because we're like kind of rejiggering everything here. Oh, like, oh, now what's that? Well, that come from.
5670560.
56705.
Residents singular wireless line on a singularly screwed up Friday. They're pretty damn good week. And so naturally, you know, the end of the week would just have to be a stuff all sort of.
Well, as soon as I came in here this morning, I told you it smelled like the end of the world. Like there was something.
I don't know. Then I tell you like a macure chrome like iodine like chemicals burning in the air like somebody was stuck along.
I was in tube in here trying to like give me the old gas like iodide. Exactly. That's I almost did when I came in.
WDQYM. Hello.
Hey, how you doing, pal?
Okay, pal.
I got one for you, Paul.
And fun with Dixon Jane, the new one stinks.
No, boy.
Thanks, pal.
The new one, don't go see it fun with the congenre. I haven't had one call from anybody who said you're wrong about the constant garden.
And he was a sensational movie. And here's the reason why.
Don't waste your money. I beg you. I plead with you.
Go see a bad remake of some marginal movie. But please don't go see the constant gardener. Right?
What's his name again?
Fime Shmendrick.
Oh, Ray Fiends.
Ray Fiends.
I used to call Ralph Fines.
Well, he may be a Ralph Fines actor, but I got news for his performance. And this is about as dull and as.
And at the end of the movie, they come and shoot him anyway.
Good. He just left off on some islands somewhere in Africa.
And he's waiting and waiting and sure enough they find him. And then all of a sudden, that's it.
And he's dead in the good bye.
Yeah, that's it.
Horrible movie.
WQIM. Hello.
Hey, they kicked it at old school today, huh?
Yes, we are. We're kicking an ancient school, right?
How long did I remember we make the father of the bride?
The original was much better than the Steve Martin one.
Okay. We'll take your word for it.
Steve Martin did the father of the bride?
Yeah, the father of the bride, part two.
Oh, no. Oh, yeah.
Well, Steve Martin, we turn out to be as the antichrist. We used to like him a little bit.
Oh, no, no, no. I never liked him a whole lot, but he was okay.
But now he's just losing. He's becoming the Jim Curie of this decade.
We're just getting real tired of his craft.
And the fact that he's doing trying to be inspected to do so.
He's just nauseating.
It's so wrong.
Yeah, exactly.
Now, isn't that on our list? I'm going to be there.
It is at number four.
It's about 70 votes. Better be.
Man, oh, man. Peter Sellers is turning over in his grave.
In fact, he's probably going to send Una Bamba to Steve Martin's house.
He learned to love it.
27 years in a row.
Jimmy Carter is going to be on a late edition on Sunday with Wolf Blitzkrieg.
Okay. And Jimmy is going to say him.
But he's going to be at a BLEO old Jimmy.
He's running around the world saving all these starving people
and doing wonderful things.
Probably going to go over there and mediate the piece between the fataccio
and the Hamas.
The order?
Right.
And his brother, he sure was a...
Well, we can't say the word. He was a peer, won't he?
Yes, he was.
He sure was.
He sure was.
He's a middle russ.
This is 5.62.8.
I think of the stage on New Year's Eve.
I thought that I might die.
And I couldn't look the way I say no matter how I try.
It was like she had to water melons underneath her dress.
She looked like the combination of Miss Biggie and Mayweather.
As an olma rider, you must tell us these.
When you let those puppies go, do they wind up around your knees?
I'll never forget the time it was 11.35.
That's a very moment I realized that her boobs were alive.
They were bobbin, they were jumpin, they were big and too get loose.
And I think the only thing bigger on her was her cup of booze.
That's it.
Olma, rya, at least you hit the stars.
Which is not easy to do when you got to as big as cars.
Welcome.
It was like I could touch them because I was watching in HD.
If it's not them, on top of each other, there is tall as me.
It's a good thing they did not keep you on stage for very long.
Otherwise I think we'd have a brand new girlfriend for King Kong.
Olma, rya, at your grandma's knee of break.
I bet you would not get hurt if you stepped on a garden ray.
Olma, rya, what else can we say?
You could make the bro back mountain, how boys wish that they were dead.
Call 33, it's gonna take a lot more than that.
A lot more.
Oh, speedy to that, here's a fast it says.
I guess what the good news is.
What's the good news?
I thought really good news, but I mean I looked at my closet.
And my big closet.
Yeah.
Ruby.
My walking closet, you know what I see was hanging out in the air.
And I got two computers sitting in the air.
I'm not even sure what the other one is.
I got extra keyboards.
I got equipment that has been invented yet here.
That's always smart to have.
So what I'm gonna do is as soon as I own hope this one right after the show right at two o'clock straight up.
I'm gonna hook up the older one.
Now even you would agree I can do that.
Oh yeah, your problem.
Then stick the old keyboard in there.
And now like maybe 80 or 100 stories off the judge for the weekend.
And I'll go and take this one back.
He deserves it.
Yeah.
Make up for a coming day.
What time you come in about 1206?
It was an I understand daddy had water on the knee or whatever was.
Or like I had to get his thing drained there and that's we understand that.
Dear Uncle Neal and huh?
That's how you do it.
Dear Neal and George, I was back in South Florida last week with the great news about Moe.
He sucks.
Moe with this stuff.
I live in Vegas now.
It's Steve from Vegas.
And Ole Miss South Florida one bit except hearing you guys in the Humper in the Magdaw.
The Humper.
Hey Steve!
In the Magdaw.
Alright.
My question is DJ talk host Pastor present Worst Wig.
Oh Moe, cousin Brucie.
Bob Grant or what's that old Jerry Witsner old Jerry right?
Thanks Steve from Vegas.
Well good luck to you Steve from Vegas and how come you are not listening online?
Maybe it's computer, maybe it's power supply burned up.
That could be.
So in other words the power supply has got really nothing to do with this little square box on the outside.
No need.
This is the power cord.
That's just the adapter right.
How about your power cord?
Your power cord, your adapter.
Correct.
Your power cord.
Don't start like complicating.
Okay keep it simple for the old man.
Keep it simple.
The power cord is just the wire and if there's a box hanging out there somewhere that's the adapter.
There's a little black box forming adapter device thing.
Right.
And that thing is just fine as wine.
So that thing's not going to screw up by the computer.
No you can just unplug everything and take the case.
Correct.
Okay.
Did the other computer have its own power cord that you stuck up there somewhere?
No.
Okay.
Just use that thing.
That's what I'm telling you.
That's what I'll be saying.
Here's the article I'd just found for me.
Four and see this is disappointing.
I've suddenly been with Susan Lucey.
Yeah.
Two bad.
Four stunt artists were hurting a special effects accident.
I'm the set of the soap opera, All My Chillins, the ABC show you see show today.
Unfortunately during a shoot which included plans for special effects.
Four stunt people were injured the show said in the statement.
All four expected to make a swift recovery.
The accident occurred Tuesday at a studio on 166th Street.
The daytime show and public art of upcoming Marty Gras episodes that include an explosion
that rocks pine tally and its residents and four stun artists were a lot of things.
But I'm being, but I'm, well, I was thinking maybe with Susan Lucey and then of course
freaky Carlo.
So they'd be weeping.
Oh no.
That poor Susan.
She's my hero.
And her daughter by the way is the one that plays that nasty Gwen on passions with a big beak.
Oh my god.
You know that Susan Lucey's daughter pushed you to watch that.
So what do you know or all my children and all of a sudden today on passions you'll notice
that there was a yesterday that and you'll see more of it today that Ethan and Gwen are in India.
They're on horseback on white horses and all the Indian folks are there and say what's that?
And who shows up there Teresa with her Ashmakha on and all.
Oh, it's just it's so ridiculous.
It's so silly.
Oh look at that.
There's the Hamas people waiting.
There are green flags.
Trust me you want the Calico fly instead of these green flags.
Really?
Yeah.
Why is that?
Well because that's one of the the Calico people are pissed off because these this is the terrorist part here.
And they're one that's bad.
No.
Why is that?
Because nobody's going to deal with them.
Yeah.
They were on the verge of something over there.
People were talking.
They were on the verge of what?
They were talking which is better than blowing each other.
Yeah.
And here boy you sure made a big turn.
They were on the verge of life.
What do you talk about a big turn?
Yeah.
A little turn.
Remember the big obstacle was that.
I say let them all kill each other.
Okay.
Anybody with a brain get that out of there and the rest of the crazy people want to stay there.
Kill each other.
We'll pack you a salami sandwich and get a bottle of bottle of bottle.
We're not going to get out of there.
We'll say there's a dufflesinous and falafel balls that he liked that.
We're not going to get out of there.
What?
We're not going to get out of there.
Because we've got our Israel friends.
You know that's what the president said.
Our friends in Israel.
Anybody don't accept Israel.
Well you know what?
Friends like these.
Yeah.
Who needs enemies?
Who needs Halifah?
Anyway, speaking of Jews, Aaron Browns all been out of shape.
Remember downtown Aaron Brown doing a heck of a job Aaron.
The anchor man who's boss one's character rights him is ice compared with his successors fire.
Was anything but chili and impassant speech he delivered to Dithy society of the four arts.
And then exciting.
Thoroughly.
Winnie wimpy with a really bad reddish brown purple hair piece.
Iron Brown.
Truth no longer matters in the context of politics and sadly in the context of cable news.
That Aaron Brown who's four year period is an ecosystem in news night in November.
When network executives gave his job to Anderson Cooper and obeyed the push the shows ratings closer to front-runner Fox news.
And of course that isn't happening because Anderson Cooper sends everyone to the pooper.
Brown said he tried to give you as a balanced diet of light and serious news with news night.
But I always knew when I got to the Brussels sprouts I was on thin ice he said.
The Brussels sprouts.
When news night spent four hours covering the arrest of actor Robert Blake for the murder of his wife.
Brown received thousands of emails criticizing the amount of time the show spent on the story.
Nevertheless, however, that show was aired in April 2002.
We see the highest ratings of any program since news nights coverage of the November 2001 crash of a mercenary lines flight 587.
Television is the most perfect democracy brown said you sit there with your mode control and vote.
Your mode clicks to another channel when serious news is but when the media covers this scandal surrounding Lacey Peterson.
The runaway Brad or Michael Jackson there are no clicks then he said.
He left out the chick from Aruba and Terry and her cute tuba with the departure from the screen of the Titans Tom Broke off Peter Jennings and Dan Radder who resisted the temptation to the bosses to go for the ratings rev.
It'll be years before an anchor man or woman will have the talk to fight these battles he said.
Brown has spent most of his 30 years in TV news.
He's covered everything from the Columbine high school murders to the aftermath of the space shuttle Columbia disaster.
In fact, most of the time Aaron was on the air was a disaster.
The viewers may remember who had bested his on the spot coverage of the terrorist attack on the World Trade Center.
I don't remember him at all involved in that.
Do you?
Who?
Downtown Aaron Brown, baby.
Oh, man, I don't want to.
Do you want to have a job, Brownie?
He shocked by how unkind our world has become.
He said email and talk weight you appear to have given people license to say anything regardless of how cool or false it may be about his nasty must-grat look and hair piece.
He cited the example of an email falling and what the center considered to be news nights and adequate coverage of an anti-war protest in Washington DC.
The moment ended with I hope the violence visited on the people of Iraq will someday be visited on your children.
Goes on the opposite side of the spectrum or no more tolerant Brown said any criticism of the administration is regarded as hatred of the president and hatred of the country itself.
But I mean, but I hope and you're out.
You're out Aaron.
Isn't he on Fox now?
Where the hell he is.
I'm serious about him.
He's such small potatoes.
Oh, why any wine here and brown.
Why any boring and ponderous.
Kind of like a dandelion bastard that singing Cowboys got on there.
Isn't that the gay cowboy?
Fair.
It's really ashamed that my computer is going to be unplugged here because now I could be checking on the air with all those great comments on the red coach line.
Oh, yeah.
You want me to fill you in?
No, no.
That's why I feel like almost saying to this.
This is the new arriveder of the new days of your recent generation of new days.
Fuck it in and hold it.
I'm a little bit more than you.
I'm a little bit more than you.
I'm a little bit more than you.
I'm a little bit more than you.
I'm a little bit more than you.
I'm a little bit more than you.
I'm a little bit more than you.
I'm a little bit more than you.
I'm a little bit more than you.
I'm a little bit more than you.
I'm a little bit more than you.
I'm a little bit more than you.
I'm a little bit more than you.
I'm a little bit more than you.
I'm a little bit more than you.
I'm a little bit more than you.
I'm a little bit more than you.
I'm a little bit more than you.
I'm a little bit more than you.
I'm a little bit more than you.
So I slept out at the old computer
and I got to sit and write down
And during each break I'm making like little I wouldn't be surprised like about a half an hour
I got that whole thing all set up and run her for you. I'll make sure Josh gets all of them stories that he needs
He does need them. Oh, yeah hold bunch
And just to make sure that they go up there like real early
Right. Oh
Man, this is exciting. Is that and I sure hope this is the right one because there's two computers in my closet there
And I sure hope this is the right one. It's got like all the stuff on it that I want
Oh, I guess that doesn't really make any difference. No, if it's not just grab the other one
Oh, I see five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and the Verizon singular wireless line on a really screwed up Friday
Man, it's a little hectic here
Don't realize how important that pewter is to you until you know you sit down here in your field and just start naked
I know really bad like you're in the dark. Nobody Q a.m. Hello
Q a.m. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. How are I got a couple of movies for your poll?
Today made yes, I've got a lot of Halloween movies. I
Don't know if that was not the house. Those are sequels not remakes. It's not the same movie. It's just a sequel. Okay different different the story
Oh, one of that fun with Dick and Jane. What about that? I think we added that on there. We're supposed to all or maybe a
Josh didn't do it. I can't know. We did we do we?
I told you there's the food is in there. I can always tell what he's got a mouthful
Man, so just like duff
What do you eat now? How is yes, sir?
I know it. I could smell it. Malibu chicken. I'll tell you one good thing, man
It sure smells a lot better in here right now. Oh god. I didn't even have to use my lice all normal although
Here's another like Bernie gets where I there's another one for you. It's a spray something about there. Yeah
Clean up that potty mouth. Yeah, Mr. Clean or
Listerine. I do use that new orange Listerine. I realize it sounds disgusting. We know something's not huh?
No, I don't think that's organic bottle and it's really good stuff. It's a red it's because mole used to call me ginger Rogers
And so I figured if I'm dangerous to get ginger virus. That's right. It'll want that and that's bad for your heart
You realize I don't want to keep repeating my sounding like an old buddy daddy like the dad pod, you know
But your gums in your heart man. It's a big correlation between healthy gums and healthy heart. What about your
Hectome and oh and the good man if you're gums being good your ass
Hectome with a damn
I'm telling you. Yeah, you can laugh all you want your gums take good care of him gum man
Be careful what you put by your gums that stuff's good to that tangerine
I know you're talking about tangerine Listerine man keep your clean and get away from that ginger virus
That doesn't I love tangerine. It is good. It's very good
I mean, you know you swish it around and you want to keep it in there too long because then it starts
Burnt burns man. It's really real. It's heavy duty. We got to get that drop
See when the reason that Listerine works is because you can tell it works because it likes so intense
That you know it's killing everything and makes you cry
That's right and they even just imagine little things that are caught around inside your mouth
Oh, just they just die in and cry and that's right and you hear that sound
We're down to your gullet WQ I am hello
Hi
You're sorry. I think I have the wrong number
Who are you calling Jeff Jeff who?
Jeff Jordan? Oh, don't say that
Oh
We finally get a lady card. It's a wrong number that goes to show about that female audience
So you've got a lot of lady. Yeah, we got to have any women listening to this show
We're just not respectable enough to listen to this show, huh?
We got to hear Oprah and Oprah speaking of Oprah. I got that story about that jackass James Fry
Uh-huh. They are both fry if you ask me and then also that
What's his name is why gay to lease by the way? Have you seen him or heard him talk? Did you watch any of that letter?
He came to think he speaks oh, I wait to hear this your game listen. Yeah
Last night. I'm channel serving. It's about 11 11 15
I just finished getting really depressed watching that awful awful movie the um the constant gardener
The encounter is on MSNBC if that hour I forgot and I watched about four seconds of it
Uh silly as pussy Tucker Carlson
And they're tying of course what are they talking about Oprah? That's all anybody talk about all day yesterday
And they're showing the clips and he says he says whoever the guest was the talking head analyst
He says oh, I just watching him. It was talking that pussy voice and I'm thinking to myself
Well, you talk about the popcorn the kettle pink that would be like Anderson Pupra calling somebody gay. You know what I'm saying?
Jesus talk about pussy. I mean good galley. So you try to say that James Fry. Yeah, he had a wife you know though. She
did it or risks. Oh and of course she hung herself, but then he said on Oprah. Oh, she just slid or risks. Yeah, that's
The reason different. Wouldn't you think that with her billion dollars you have a research team there working on her
So that they don't have some ringer come on. I hope that all the phony book people and everybody writes a book
It's a pack of lies and pretends it's accurate
I hope they all go on her show and just destroy her ass and all those millions of silly ass women
Well Oprah said it was good so I'm gonna go out and buy the bud well grade
God forbid you should like pay attention to something that means something
Like all these people getting killed in a wreck. We had a story on a website which Josh may remember if he put it on there
But when and how are the women gonna start screaming about the war and all the time? That's not listed
You see that story and I think it's a good point
How come Oprah's not screaming about the interview down her show about all these innocent people that are being butchered over there
I don't know if you've met women
But they tend to be heartless bitches. Really? Yeah. Well, that's the woman you've met and you're and the ones that you've met
Heartless bitches. I see
Except of course for Devon accounting. We love her. Yes. We do lie
WQ I am hello
Q I M
You know hear the sirens are coming to get them WQ I am hello
Hey Neil for your post. Yes, City of Angels
You know, it's funny. It's funny you mentioned that because yesterday I'm looking for
City of God in my video store and I did see city of angels which I never heard before and I guess I was lucky I didn't get it
What's the hard?
The hard, it's about an angel that falls in love with a human
But the hard, the remake of a German flick wings of the fire. Okay. City of Angels. We got a pali. Thanks
Got it. Got it. Got it. What are you eating? No, that's right. I'm a little bit chicken. I'll be damned
I can't wait to have me a great dinner with the famous tonight the famous what
Famous restaurant in the casino
And it's a good place. Got a little fashion meatloaf
Deep barley soup. Mm-hmm. I'm going to love the barley and the best part of it's all for free
I actually get in Compton, a casino and he say oh, it's all the meals in the rooms are for free for a few thousand
I mean, you know when you lose your ass
They don't cotton in those places to people are like snorke for free food
For example, it would bind one time. You know, you can get free meals anytime you want
Although I wouldn't take a dog eat there
But there was a old Chinese couple I had a meal line. I was working cash in my points. I sure wasn't eating there and
The old track and the woman was bitching them out
She said listen, you're gonna have to start and unless you play here you can't keep coming back and
Getting these certificates in in other words, they were just showing up there because they had the players card
I said and they were eating for free. They weren't gambling at all. They just were snoring there, you know, promoting Canadians
Chinese Canadian all that man. Oh man. Those Chinese sure liked to gamble though. Oh, yes
What's that all about? No
WDQ-AM. Hello
Q-AM
Okay, palmy
The fogs on air fog has got some votes. How many's it got 108?
fog has got other seven only seven and I'm glad they mentioned that one too because I saw that that's
Current now that we make mm-hmm. I saw that in the store if I've maybe I should have gotten that instead of the
Have you noticed we haven't gotten one call about the constant gardener? No, I don't think anybody saw it
Oh, I pray I pray please believe me. I mean, you know, I realized our tastes aren't always the same
But the fact of the matter is the acting is very dull. It's very British. It's very
Ponderous. It is boring. Okay, so if you have any trouble sleeping at night
This is Neil Rogers
This is by 16 Q-AM
Two someday that would happen. Whoa
What's going on there? I was on the other side of the thing. I'm putting my computer together. Oh, you're right
You get panicky. No, I was going to get a side of the thing too. Uh, reheating my sandwich
I
Might have passed up on the fumes or something. No, I was on the other side of the thing. I reached over and I hit the keyboard and I hit the wrong button
And that bad. No, it's funny do it again. No, I like the fact that these all these things are color coded
You know what I mean? Uh-huh like pink and green and see you know where to stick them right? There's only one place for each
I look at that and
And when I hit that thing
Yeah, I put it over on the audition line
That'll hit when that happens anyway
Hey, it's how it how it David welcome back to the mohawad David the show where we're just full of zany
But good green family what I'm here in your day
I just tried to phrase hey, you know that life smoking things rape is funny is that funny? Huh?
What what what what what what since when is gang rape funny? What do you require me? I require you drop your bags
I see it
Drop it out of here. You like it?
Yeah
Don't touch my delicate
Like the sweet thing it's funny that's why
Oh
When you're some kind of fairy
What do you know about being queer you're more on I've been right there nothing all the difference
We're supposed to be talking about sports here. This is what's radio over here. We love men
From this point on I don't care to get the fight of the door
I'm gonna make something out of this great paper you understand
Then maybe later I'll pull the link sources just out of my pants. Okay
It's a joke you're more on
Morning
Keep getting raped
I said drop your bag
There's a mo kennel you just something to do while you're watching golf like good foreign the hot liquid in your eye
I
Oops
Take your pants on now. Pin right
You want to walk my show you'll do as you told now get over here. Yeah, that's right
Now come here. I get over there
Come here
Now come here
Over here
Oh
No, I did not feel no
I'll see here I
You know
I did not
You only have one slice
Put your foot close to the glass doors
See if anybody's inside
Close it
My name
Oh
You're a tough guy. Why are you
Oh
I
Just stop
I stand before you now
Let me bless you my son
Well
I don't want you to let over me
I
Of course it's worth what did I outlive you while I get on
I go home now for one short watch out for Mr. Wipple
The
The
Scream
I got about it. That's what I say and kiss my ass
Back home okay, it's one of four I am so said I'm gonna like pee right on the air that's here here
Well, just don't get any on the computer. Oh, I better not
Guess what I did during that during that well and again we had a little I was on the other side and hit the wrong button
Sorry, you put all the female parts into the male parts or the other way around. Yeah
Oh wait a minute
Are you just I'm hoping this is gonna work now because it came on and said windows and but a beep but a boop but a bob it does
Woot drive you search the best driver for your device but a beep but a boop huh? How come I'm having to go through all of this
That's been off a long time. I don't know. I don't know what you're seeing
I'm seeing a green background and it says windows driver files search for the device. Oh, it's probably because
The hardware from the old computer you're plugging hardware from the old computer
Track into this even older computer. Yeah, so it's just trying to recognize all of the parts
Yeah, which it may or may not
Oh, don't say that how long windows was able to locate a thing for this device. Yeah, I will screw that
Just finish as long as the keyboard and mouse and the monitor work. That's all you need
I beg your pardon keyboard works the mouse works all right, but it just keeps saying
Well, I'll touch my mind with this during my experience
At least I got the other one all unplugged and unconnected. I got the new one in there in the monitor and the
Hip-Bone connected to the knee bone and that is saying all right. That is actually
Says windows has found new hardware is installing it and it just
Beep huh? That's good. What it does that? This just keeps going around and like in a circle. I say
You know, I mean this keeps giving me the same unable to locate a driver for the device
I'd be doing it several times for every item that's looking for oh no don't say that
Wait a minute. You're right and there it is. There's the yeah. Oh
Let me realize this is not this isn't compelling radio although the starting shining. It's gonna be 43 today
That kind of was all been out of shape across the street
Man, this is exciting is is all get out and and you're gonna want me to use Missillo Firefox
Because you're gonna tell me that if I use the internet explorer that the world is gonna come to an end
Well, you know that that's what you're the one that turned it on and there look at that
This is the right one. This is the right pewter and there is Neil Rogers in my home page in my own page
And I can send Josh a thousand stories now. That's yummy
Hmm. I'm gonna start working on that right now instead of finishing this hour
Man, although I don't see the pullers over there. That's because it's switched over to Firefox
I have to click that thing on there. Okay, there it is
Now I don't want to start pat myself on the back because this is really
Listen to not huh you deserve it start patent. I'd like to know who else we have on our air staff on this radio station
We're gonna just perform in the last 45 minutes the miraculous astonishing technical feats of yours truly a visceral queen start George
That's patent
Aren't you excited by this? I am
My movie should huh? I'm mighty proud. What movie should never have been made?
Although I do want to get rid of that one tool bar under there's one toolbar too many
I don't know what that one is but I sure don't want to see that the search tool bar get there
You go get that baby out of there got my Alexa toolbar. How can I have Alexa on Firefox? Oh, I'm not on Firefox. Good
What movie should have never been remade psycho 90 how many we got 977? It's a good thing
I got here now we can push to that thousand
Psycho 98 were the world's 83 planted of the 879 pink panther 76 the longest year at 60 40 and you see now
There's no pressure if it takes them six months to get the other one it's right. It's you know
It's you know I'm saying always good to have a spiral always good to have a backup baby
It's just like you know when you got some hot chick waiting at home and all of a sudden
Maybe she takes off you know back that that's he empties out your bank account and takes off and leaves town
Always good to have some like Swedish here to replace the Russian Anatasha. That sounds sweet. It's yeah
Longest year at 64 bad news bear 56 has in 256 herbie the lovebug 40 ruler ball 36
Will he walk his got
I'm a little off now
Man, this is quite an exercise the blood 26 oceans 11 25 Miracle on 3432
Guess who's coming to dinner 20 Godzilla 20 after that small potatoes
Out of 97 what do you got?
Oh, man, let me scroll down. Yeah, scroll down why you 79 9 so I got 91. How do you like that? Anybody go for a thousand like an auction
Anyway, getting back to this Oprah business which I gotta be honest with I don't give a crap about her
She makes me want a barf. I don't care about this James fry fag or whoever
In an extraordinary reversal of her defensively author who is memoir she can't have pulled it to the top of the best cellar list
Oprah Winfrey
Rebuke James fry author omitted little pieces on her TV show yesterday for like about his past and portraying the book as a truthful account of his life
I feel duked is when we told mr. Fry
But more importantly, I feel you betrayed millions of readers. She had it
I sat on the stage back in September and I asked you you know a lot of questions and what you convey to me
I think the millions of people was that was all true
Well, it wasn't all true in fact most of it wasn't true and it goes on she chose it as part of her TV book club
And at three months afterward more than two million copies were sold making it the fastest selling book in the clubs 10 year history
I think that everybody about that book should take it and stick it right where the moon don't shine. Oh, perfect. That's right
I think there's plenty of room
All-terly appearing to fight back tears and displaying vivid anger at the author and his publisher
Nan a T'lis I totally it's gay T'lis is wife you know gay T'lis honor thy father gay T'lis who heads an imporant of random houses
Double day division this one free spirit straight of mr. Fry and asked why would you lie?
Yeah, she looked at right in the face and said why would you lie?
He said how about June I made a mistake mr. Fry reply
And he developed a tough guy image of himself as a coping mechanism to help addresses alcohol and drug addiction
When I was writing the book he said instead of being in perspective that should have been act clung to that image
It was a stunning bit of drama that had people throughout the publishing industry glued their TV sets yesterday afternoon
And of course on January 11th mr. Fry appeared on Larry King and did all total lie and Oprah called in and
Gay T'lis his wife was on there and oh my gosh were being picked on and but be in turns out
A bunch of crap nice go on Larry as usual and of course Larry didn't read the book anyway. He never does
Jackass
Now let me just another reminder come out to Marlon's select to see tomorrow at golf and stadium 10 a.m. To 2 p.m
You can meet Don trell willis between ten and noon. He'll be the only Marlon player if I may recognize it all
Didn't they just get realis since all is?
They they did yeah, yes, well, I don't have a girl compare but
You can meet Don trell willis between ten and noon and you can lock in tickets for the Boston Red Sox fee for
Individual tickets go on sale. I mean we got how many red socks fans we got in town
Once you can register to win a private luxury suite for opening day that's Marlon
Select the seat tomorrow at Delphan Stadium tended to go there and pick your seat
Now, let's see what else can I do on this thing?
They're this honest and god. This is so exciting although the print is way too big on here
I don't know either and you know something this is the right computer because it's got all of my things on here all my children
Yeah, huh all your bookmarks and whatnot all my bookmarks all my
URLs ABCs. No you are huh? No, you are
Although it doesn't have to mind me here alone here probably during the period of time. No, it probably censored that out
During the time was out of commission. Don't forget by the way Josh in the next break
Don't expect no lock because I already did that. Oh, you don't have no way knowing that because George sent me the pages backward
Along so Brandy's already got done
You got it got it Brandy's already was done
Look at that. There's Yahoo dot com for that crappy email thing. Oh my god
Common dreams.org. I can say Josh probably a thousand stories between not even the time I get off the earth
Another one those fake rejoins man. Now who's doing that stuff Tommy?
P interm s
His poor Shantar Nits like a boy with a spacer.
Where were Jesus killed if he ever met you?
He would slap your fancy face until the act of the piercing.
Family, no.
Okay, it's a 160, and that's another fake rejoin.
Just like the fake ending on it.
They're trying to get me from all sides today folks.
I'm trying to do engineering.
I'm trying to pretend to be in a show here.
My lungs are full of that vapors.
So I got that box all disconnected on.
Now you tell me that's all you need to take into just the plain box.
Just the box, just the case, the CPU as they call it.
None of the accoutrements, no.
Great.
Anyway, here's another fact from Riley.
How many is that today?
About 30, man.
By the way, I was spying.
Oh yeah, that's the excuse he was listening to Danny Boy.
I figured Lavaster would mention you after you ripped his lonesome singing lover,
Gregorl, Blueball's, Cotex.
My girlfriend, the blow up doll Tammy also says hello.
And by the way, he always redeems himself with these facts.
This is probably somebody we know.
Although look at where this comes from.
Look at the name of the business.
I never did to look mounted memory.
So maybe that's what the old blow up doll says.
By the way, he says constant guard, your did suck wasted two hours of my life
that I can't get back.
Very good point, Riley, whoever you are.
Leave me alone.
5, 6, 7.
I'm sitting here looking at this thing.
I'm just amazed to myself.
This is really simple.
It's really easy.
Any idiot can do this.
Pretty much.
And what I was trying to tell you before is that everything all the color coded.
Right.
Like so now I'll go to the board and the pink thing goes in the pink hole.
Right.
Oh, I'm sorry.
And the green thing goes in the green hole.
Right.
And et cetera.
We got 996 votes.
There on a pole, speaking of a hole.
And as a result, we'll have a thousand before he can say, hey, a girl, you two o'clock.
Do we have a thousand before I said, girl, you two o'clock?
998.
That's pretty great.
Considering what kind of a show this has been.
When Wish This One on Hitler.
WNQAM, hello.
QAM.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Winner's to you.
I could say the one of the worst movies that should have never been made was Kevin Coffner's
Warner World.
Yeah.
Is that good for the polar?
Was that a secret?
Was that a remake?
Was that made originally or not?
No, I think of the original.
No, that's a...
No.
What does that have to do with anything with our polarity?
No.
No, they're quite...
No, that's a nice one.
They were all suited in.
He's answering a different question.
What's the all-time worst movie which we then met a thousand times?
Water World.
Now, the movie's the first sports like Ricky Martin.
You never know.
When is Boca doing that song, by the way?
When Gold and Shower?
He said he was waking up.
He's gonna do a whole shower medley.
Is it really?
All the raid songs.
What movie should never have been remade as the question now?
That's another movie never should have been made.
That's an excellent idea, which is probably very similar to what's the worst movie of all time.
And let's have a big hand for Neil's putting that thing there.
I'm looking at it.
I can't even believe it.
And of course it's a lot safer looking now because this is the first time I use the old...
I think it is the old computer with a new monitor.
My new nice MEC monitor.
All right.
Man.
My flat screen is supposed to be the old screen.
Blow a trumpet for you.
Great.
That's enough.
Rick says, is it different Rick?
For the poor, how about King Kong?
We put it on there, even though it was great.
We did put it on there?
We just now?
Oh, we just did put it on there.
Also, not all golfers are burning nerds and then he writes...
Do do do do.
But if I cut it if you yourself Rick and West Palm would have a great life and a great day of time.
Go lose your balls in the water.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 6, 8, the Verizon singular wireless line.
Geltie at two mad dogs from Hooters and Duralid 4.
Geltie is going to be at the entrance center.
So go over there and throw some steel of hockey pucks at him.
Panther preview with seven speaking of that.
Panther's hosting New Jersey Devils in Marta Ambrador, and all those other frogs at 730 tonight.
Marty Broder, which means a probably old Doc Emerson town.
How's it going Doc A?
And then we got 80k rhymes with A right after the hockey game.
WDQYM, hello.
QYM, better answer.
I'll tell a story about Rimmer Puket in the bucket again.
Hello.
Hey Neil, this is my name's David.
One movie that you didn't mention was vanishing.
I remade it with key for change the ending and see.
Right, good point.
We've talked about that one before.
They should never have made that one.
It was a bad mistake.
I like the first one.
I can't even remember how it ended.
The first one was like the French or Dutch share or whatever it was.
French or Dutch?
It was a good movie.
Well I'm glad you came to remember how it ended because then you'd shoot everybody.
Thanks a lot Pally.
Vanishing.
You got it on there?
Where you are right now.
How could we leave that off?
We've tried to have this similar kind of a pool.
Vanishing is always on there but maybe a little vanishing cream might do it.
I don't think there's some people who like to use some vanishing cream on.
I bet you we got our thousand votes right now.
We stopped looking right there.
We got a thousand six by my count.
Am I a thing?
Am I pool?
Thousand and six pick up sticks.
The only thing is the size of the print on this baby is this way too big.
But I'll deal with that.
You could just say.
I'll deal.
Believe me I can.
You've all you guys have instructed me so well.
This is the case of the student passing the teacher by a million miles.
I got my computer expertise.
Although it's the first time I ever had my thing fried.
So if you never had your thing fried before you're not ready for many ways.
I usually do oil it myself.
Sometimes the flavor wave, the less seven is really good.
Oh yeah.
It's got a special slot in there as a matter of fact.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty.
So I just take that thing that just the box in my right seat and say you go there and say.
Eat this better.
It's fried to power supply fry.
Right.
And then look at me and say you've got to be kidding me.
And of course after being only two months it certainly got it because I didn't buy the extended warrant.
It's all done even though we're pretty convinced you're going to want to check it out.
So tell them that that's what you think it is so that they do do something.
I'll tell them what it did.
You know, they showed itself off and it was sticking and frying.
I mean, seriously when I first walked in here it's a damn good thing that I did the notice it.
I would have been if I wouldn't have opened the window I'd be on the floor right now.
And it shouldn't make a difference but you know how people are.
Don't tell them that you leave it on all the time.
Oh just don't mention that.
No I'm just going to tell them it's only two months old and here we go.
Yes I don't use it all that much.
Right there you go.
And this thing is a piece of crap.
I don't want them to give me a new one though because I sure don't want to have to reinstall it.
Oh no.
Now I'm trying to think but the reason that I got the new one mainly is that this old one was a crash in quite a bit and I used to have to unplug.
Probably some of the old ones.
Oh yeah.
Plug oh yeah plus it's slow and then it went to so much spiffy or any there when it works.
Oh no what's that say on there?
Fade a layer.
Oh no.
Oh it's about to print.
You want to know why because I think I got the wrong, the printer thing plugged into wrong spot which is not a big deal.
I just popped up on my phone or this screen.
Oh god.
No big one.
WQIM hello.
QIM computer central, CompUSA.
Hello Nail good afternoon.
And then I'm so glad you got the city of God and actually we're in a canteen.
And thing happened to me too.
I didn't want to see it but I ended up seeing it.
It was definitely worth watching.
It was very good.
And again I'm not going to get carried away and say oh no.
They're right it's the greatest movie I've ever seen.
That's over the top but it was very good and it was.
It was open up your eyes a little bit and maybe want to stay the hell away from Rio for sure.
Well and by the way speaking of that on your DVD did you happen to go to the special feature section?
Not yet.
Oh okay because on there they have an interview about 15-20 minutes with the police chief of Rio de Janeiro that's fantastic.
Really?
Yeah well we're seeing he's one of the most lucid honest guys I've ever met talking about the police force and the police.
It's actually going to be a true story but I'm just curious if they're actually were real you know like was there really a little Z and was there really a ban on all of us?
Yeah made the names up you know.
Well actually some of that is there's no doubt some of the characters are true but if you saw the DVD and they had special features check them out at 12 when they're gone.
I think it was pretty neat about the kid that always wanted to be the photographer and then they gave the stories about it.
That's it.
It's his story right and then of course they put the pictures by accident the newspaper and he freaks out and that I was pretty interesting.
So actually yeah as far as I know most of the characters in there are real are true.
So it is we're seeing it.
Also two are the movies one is trans spotting with another movie that I didn't ever want to see.
I know I didn't ever want to see.
I never want to see.
But when I finally saw an incredibly good film making an interesting story about a time the movie ends you're entertained.
Well you know some of maybe Sunday when I came back from pludging my guts out maybe Sunday because I finally came then I was very adamant.
I wasn't going to watch the movie.
I was not going to watch it.
Maybe it was trans spotting and I'll just take a potty break in that one scene.
I know it's not one thing but otherwise the end of the movie and the movie probably ever did.
I'm not sitting right there in the other room but in fact I got in the tea room because I think that's where it belongs.
Most of the time it's spent in that you know.
And I don't I don't want to push my love but you're in where it's with.
You guys are brutal.
It's such a great film making.
It's too too much with a joke.
It's about a crowd.
Yeah really.
There are a few of them there.
Oh Neil it's one.
If you like good film making it's one of the best I mean the best thing that you guys feel for a guy that did.
It's a great film.
I'll make this pledge in the next week within the next week by this time next Friday I will have watched Shinler's List and Trainspotting.
And you know what?
I'm sorry.
I'm going to tell you if they are two of the greatest movies ever made I'll personally send Luke of Brought to your house and pee all over your doorstep.
If I hear that you sound like you wasted your time I'll make sure I call back in so you can read me an ad.
Well I'll argue one thing it might going to be nice and cardinal I'll guarantee you that.
Did you see that?
No I did not do a friend recommended it and now you're telling me not to waste my time.
Please do not waste your time.
I think I won't spend.
So I'll say not only the money I'll just save the two hours.
There you go thanks Kelly.
Thank you Neil.
The money is not the big deal but the two hours you can never get back.
I could have been watching this special feature from City of God instead of watching that.
Oh come on let me say this is a quick and quick break.
Yes.
Trainspotting is a good movie and just fine but Shinler's List is great.
Oh.
It's a great movie.
But I already got a train spotting.
Okay I understand.
I don't know how much Shinler's List.
I'll go in here and see what I'm doing.
I guess what I'm doing.
It's a very much like Requiem for a Dream as far as the storyline and what's it about and all this stuff.
But Shinler's List is great.
See I think you missed the vote on the election the Palestinian election.
I think it's really ironically sweet that Hamas won the election because here Bush is feeding the song to dance about.
Oh we're going to democratize.
Oh no.
I'm going to blow it.
I guess.
You are you know.
And this is what's happening everywhere that they have in the election.
All this ballooning.
I'll tell you what.
Let's have some free honest elections in America again before we start worrying about all these elections in place else.
You know we're here in the Jews in the Glam.
Let's start having some non-regulations in the USA.
Now let's start redo that Canadian election.
Let's bring these people back to their senses.
27 after a while and I noticed Stephen Harper was sucking up the bush all the time out.
He says hey don't mess with their arctic Canadian.
Do you see that the other day?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah don't be messing with us on that.
Mr. Butchermacho right wing fascist piece of crap.
27 after one a QA and we got Geldie standing by speaking a butch.
The animal coast is Florida's number one Asian gourmet buffet is rated by Zagat restaurant review.
And every Friday through Sunday night like this weekend you can enjoy the lobster fest featuring delicious succulent main lot.
You serve thermidor style and every night at the Amor coast is crab fish would last in snow crab legs.
Dungeon is crab and Jonah stone crabs.
The menu still includes fresh oysters on a half cell and incredible sushi bar with over a third.
Not third man.
They're her items looking back at you.
The animal coast also serves New York states juicy and delicious cooked your order in hand card prime rib and is it in other delicious fresh goodies too.
And on the weekends for dessert try to save a little room take a shoehorn with your crowbar and make room for the fantastic famous 40 inch chocolate fountain.
And if the animal coast you can hand it your own strawberry is marshmallow is other than treats in fact you can hand it your own or maybe somebody else's.
January 27 to February 5th that's today to the fifth come celebrate the Chinese New Year with the animal coast featuring roast duck crispy chicken and sweet and sour fish and roasted succulent figure.
The animal coast has got three convenient locations to serve you there in sunrise.
Anyhow's beach and pepper pines reservations are suggested for a real pig of man a feast that will put a big smile on your poest call 954-572-3822 for the world famous animal coast Chinese buffet.
This is Neil Roger.
This is 5.62-8.
Try the you best.
There's a song you're reading in Israel.
He's got something that is pointed at me.
It's a New Year's Eve.
It's a New Year's Eve.
Oh no.
It's a New Year's Eve.
Oh no.
It's a New Year's Eve.
My life is done.
Oh, it's sad to see that soldier's got his hand in the end.
I might get shot.
Oh no.
Oh no.
The gaza strip is like a war zone.
Oh, we've got some six-limbs of stones.
It's a New Year's Eve.
Oh no.
It's a New Year's Eve.
Oh no.
It's a New Year's Eve.
We've been on before the shoes and don't know.
It's a New Year's Eve.
It's a New Year's Eve.
I might get shot.
It's a New Year's Eve.
That soldier's got his hand in the end.
I might get shot.
There's John Kerry who says,
We want to take a listen now to some take that we got just a little bit earlier today to give you some of the talent.
And this is Senator Jeff's sessions or a party here.
Yeah, there's John Kerry's about 15 words.
Now we want to put on some Republican Jackass for about half an hour on CNN.
You're certainly not seeing that work.
Up yours, Jeff.
Go back to Alabama with a banjo on it.
You're good buddy Doug Thompson and Iran.
And by the way, my printer ain't printing right now, but that's probably because I switched the thing on air.
But probably because I got to like reinstall or something.
Right.
Or allow it to.
You still got the disc that came with the printer.
Oh jeez.
Yeah, I'm sure I do.
Right.
You got to do that.
I got to do that.
Just throw the disc in there.
It'll probably fire itself up.
And then you just got to keep it next.
I see.
Well, I'll do that at two o'clock.
Maybe I'll do it right now, but you finish.
All right.
Doug Thompson, Iran, capital, hill, blue dot com, a clear and present danger to America rights.
George W. Bush, the out of control desperate who thinks the presidency of the United States is a license to lie at will.
Wade's war on a whim and break the law without recrimination put on his I'm in charge phase yesterday.
And for all practical purposes, the only one who thinks his power should be 70 to review or oversight to go screw themselves.
Bush told reporters that he'll assert his presidential prerogatives any day, way he pleases.
And we'll do so without apology without question, without concern for the law of the Constitution or the rights of Americans.
His press conference was a frightening study of a madman on a tear and insane power mad tyrant who believes he's above the law and can't be questioned.
Sadly, it appears that nobody's got the balls.
The question is lunacy.
I'm going to continue to do everything within my authority to protect the American people, Bush told reporters.
That's Bush speak for.
I'm in charge here.
You dump pukes in the rain.
The damn thing you can do about it.
We'll continue our terrorist surveillance program against Al Qaeda.
Congress must reauthorize the patriots so that our law enforcement and intelligence and homeland security officers have the tools they need to route the terrorists.
Terrorists who can be planning and plotting within our borders, he said.
Translation.
I'll spy on Americans and I'll use the Constitution to wipe my ass with and I'll declare martial law and run this country like the dictator I want so desperately to be.
On his illegal actions authorized the National Security Agency's spy on Americans, Bush said if they attempt to write law, it's likely to expose the nature of the program.
I'll resist it.
What he's saying is I'm above the law, damn it.
I'll fight every attempt to make me obey the law.
On the Iraq War Bush declared there's an act passed by Congress in 2001 which said that I must have the part of conductors for using the incidents of war.
In other words, we believe there's a constitutional power granted to presidents as well as in this case a statutory power.
And I'm intending to use that power.
Congress says go ahead and conduct the war.
We're not going to tell you how to do it.
I worked on Capitol Hill for a number of years, Doug Thompson says and wrote more than my share of legislation.
I know a thing or two about how the government designed to work and the checks and balances that are supposed to be built into the system.
I've also read what Congress passed, nothing in the act or the Constitution gives Bush the authority he claims to the power he abuses.
He's not just a liar, he's a G-Dand liar.
How do you like that?
G-D.
Oh, oh.
And whoever can say that, God.
The arrogant surface office as he faced the press, his eyes started from side, decided blinking rapidly, a textbook example of a maniac on the loose.
Oh, yeah.
His temper threatened to erupt more than once because a couple of reporters actually had the gall to question his motives.
After too many years watching this man destroy it once was a great nation, I can only conclude that Bush is insane and his insanity is protected by a brain dead populist and a power-man political party that can't possibly accept a sad fact that they help put a madman in charge of her government of help keep him there.
I believe with all my soul that George W. Bush and the Republicans who rubber stamp his actions represent a clear and present danger of the peace and security of the U.S., and almost be removed from office immediately if this nation is to survive.
And those are words I never ever thought I'd read about a president or rather elected officials of this country, and I wish with all my heart I didn't have to write them now.
But those who love this country and put patriotism of a politics must act, America wishes to remain America must remove the cancer that threatens to destroy it. How do you like that?
In the early days.
Any time you got a cancer in your midst.
Get rid of it.
You go, Doug, I told you he's good and you said it's a crappy website.
I'm sorry, I remember that.
Do you know what he always said?
Yeah, that was it.
See, Dr. Schuss got 10 less stories for this weekend.
Said he hates you like poison.
Yeah, 15 less.
Not that you have to suck up his mad dog would say but nevertheless it can't hurt.
If you do it wrong, it does.
We got a thousand and 42 votes on it.
Now this is the pool for the weekend.
I don't know.
Maybe Sunday I'll sneak an extra one in there.
We'll see how it goes.
And I forget George, you're doing the story tomorrow for Sunday.
Saturday for Sunday.
Got it.
Oh, and this thing about the printer but a beep but a beep.
Make sure it's turned on and online.
Oh, gee, I don't want to hear about it.
WDQAM, hello.
I want to see that one.
It won't work.
It's like you're rid of that.
Get out of here.
Go away.
Now it should work.
And it won't.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah, I'm going to pop off.
I'm going to pop off.
Oh, yeah.
WDQAM, hello.
Turned out and I'm going to pop off.
WDQAM.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, that press conference.
I was sick off work yesterday.
Okay, normally I listen to you because I actually get a lot of work.
I listen to the whole show and interrupt it.
I happen to make the mistake of watching that jackass.
Oh, bad man.
I'd like to start with my TV.
My TV's already started automatic pilot when he comes on in my living room.
My TV goes to the channel.
I just wish I could do a thing with it.
The thing was like I had a stomach bump.
You know, now I was on the verge of rousing anyway.
Then he actually put the right over the edge.
It was the worst thing I've ever seen.
I'm very, very excited.
Thank you.
WDQAM, hello.
This thing is really slow cook today for some reason.
I'm hitting the button and I'm doing nothing.
Why is that?
There it is.
QAM, hello.
Neil, did you get a chance to listen to the great cook that's the article on the website?
Are you speaking to the thing in the holes in that phone or are you like fading away, sir?
You get a chance to read the article on the red grade cook that's on the website.
About the wife, the way that I would have had a 40 accent.
What's that, Reverend Jones?
That's about the 1970s.
He got on the phone.
Yeah, OK, 1970 with a bad 40 accent Reverend Jones.
And you can use all the 40 accents here, but you still sound the same when they infect your sound like you're here.
To me, human is a bump-butt buddy.
I wonder how many times they saw a beer back mountain.
The third man of this is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69 AF.
From the controversy, the only year of new wars comes a brand new chocolate tree.
This will be chocolate-resist peanut buttercups.
How do you make chocolate?
It's a delicious brand, a dark chocolate.
You take dark chocolate?
Sirm in a super normal peanut butter.
And because it's Ray Megan's racist peanut buttercups, all the peanut butter has been moved up and replaced with chocolate.
That's the chocolate I'm talking about.
Just the Ray God intended.
It's the Ray God wants it to be.
And he sure to try the delicious new chocolate drink, Megan's quick.
You mix it with light milk and it becomes a delicious drink.
And for chocolates and nothing more chocolate, try racist pieces.
You can't have chocolate no other way.
Yeah, OK, what do we do soon?
It's a 145 at 5.60 AF.
W-Q-A-M.
5 arrested in dog pig fighting.
What?
The men have been charged with staging fights between dogs and pigs at a 7-0 reservation.
I don't know like that.
Most people have heard of cock fighting, dog fighting, and bull fighting.
And now more bull.
Another entry in the illegal world of bloody sports, apparently has come to South Central Florida.
Tom dog fighting.
Hot dog.
It's pit bulls or bulldogs against wild boars.
Oh, maybe Daniel Bakstow is in there speaking of boars.
And whether it's a teeth versus tusk blood bat, seldom the pigs ever defeat the dogs.
But they didn't stop several enterprise men from hosting an afternoon of dog versus pig wars
at a 7-0-A-M reservation year of Kachoby.
See, that's what most of Florida is really all about.
That's why you haven't got a Chinaman's chance in a Egyptian restaurant.
Because that's what most of Florida is.
It's Yahoo, baby.
Bible thumpin' red necks.
A heel.
Like your fat ass governor.
It took 14 months, but on Tuesday, the one-hour medallion finally caught up with him, sending five to the Husqaw
or is that the hog cow, the pig leaders of the National Hog Dog Fighting Group.
Oh, leaders of the National, this is always good, as Christian wrestling.
The National Hog Dog Fighting Group.
It's a little known blood sport that's been around for 25 years, mostly practiced in South Carolina,
Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, Texas and Florida, according to John Goodwin,
deputy manager of animal fighting issues for the human society of USA.
Let me say those states again.
South Carolina, Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, Texas and Florida.
And you wonder why you can't get nothing done that makes any sense in Florida,
why you got a bunch of mug-wump politicians?
One of the key arrests was that of Art Parker of Fort Lawn Stop Carolina,
president of the International Catch Dog Association, which boasts its own website,
Dixiewarddogs.com.
Alright, Dixieward Dogs.
Law enforcement authorities have been after him for a long time, said Goodwin,
who hopes this arrest will put an end to the organization.
Other key men in a restaurant were Don Matthews of Fort Pierce, Jorge and Ariel Diaz of Homestead,
C.
and Rick Cresley of Alberta, Spence, Pennsylvania.
A restaurant's a connection with the event where security in South Carolina and Pennsylvania,
through the Glades County State of Toronto, or Fist Seminole Police said,
the dog fight took place October 9, 2004 in the backyard of a home owned by a Seminole Indian at the Reservation Authority said,
oh, how do you like that, huh?
Oh my God, by a Seminole Indian.
Todd Dog fights typically match a pit bull, Terry or a bulldog against a wild boar and rectangular.
Well, that's a good way to get rid of them pit bulls, you know?
And a rectangular 25 by 25 outdoor ring bond by Wooden Post for 60 second bouts.
The omnipotent see-off fasted dog can catch the pig as it runs for its life.
The dog usually stares the pig within just a few seconds, see-up?
The dog stops the pig by clamping its jaws against its snout ears or testicles.
Lordy, the animals are then pride apart with the metal bar.
If the pig survived, it's returned to the ring for another fight.
If the pig collapses, it's just left there to die.
This is just lovely.
I'm going to have me a bratwrestling just out of protest.
I'm going to have a hot dog.
The three dogs with the best times I've declared the winners, winners with their owners in this case,
splitting their cash pool of about 10 grand.
Todd Dog fighting is a violation of animal cruelty laws in illegal in the USA.
In Florida, it's a third degree felony punishable by up to five years in jail and a $5,000 fine.
Being a spectator of the legal sport is also a crime and Mr. Meener punishable by up to a year in jail and a fine.
We received a tip back then that a hog dog fight was going to take place at someone who will police department detectives Steve Lopez,
who is department contact authorities from the department of agriculture.
Under cover agents video tape to fight the participants and the spectators, 21 dogs,
their owners released 14 wild boars participated.
14 wild boars and that's a, I thought they were only nine on that pool.
I guess I left the par timer's off.
Yes, on the ticket.
Left them off the ticket.
Oh, wait a year this.
You're going to want to go back to school again.
Showing the R rated movie the 40 year old virgin during high school span it fast as we can Lexington, Kentucky resulted in suspension for the teacher.
Fernando, Fernando del Pino was suspended with pay to they for showing the movie to students at Lexington's
Pates Creek high school that they earlier said Lisa Deffendall spoke some of the pay and county public schools he resigned yesterday.
Del Pino, who was hired in August, said he decided to show the film after a student brought it to class and said it was very funny.
The movie is about a 40 year old single man.
Why do you see that the 40 year old virgin? No, I didn't.
The movie is about a while back guarantee is better than the constant gardener.
It's about a 40 year old single man whose friends try to help him gain experience and sex.
R rated movies are not to be shown to anyone younger than 17 without parent or guardian.
The movie was rated R for pervasive, explosive, and crude sexual content and drug use.
Oh, right.
Parents of Tate Creek students must give written permission for the children to watch an R rated movie at school according to the school's video policy.
Students whose parents object must be given alternative assignments like watching, you know, a lassie come home or snow white and seven dwarves or some other widowed door old yellow.
The policy also states the video movies must be part of the lesson plan with genuine instruction objectives.
So in other words, if they would have had like 40 year old virgin in Espan, you all that would have been okay.
Could have put on the sentence.
The final answer.
Deffendall said the investigation was initiated because it appears that Tate Creek policy was not followed.
The suspension letter was issued Tuesday this same day, the complaint was reported.
The 40 year old virgin.
And like those kids will never be the same again and they've been polluted and perverted and so on.
And I just read a thing which I was trying to print it out and I have to like install that thing and who cares about the serious radio and not doing also great.
That's bad, isn't there is?
Dead serious.
And about how they took a poll and like 60% of people said that they wouldn't subscribe to subscription radio if you gave them like 14 chocolate bananas with each subscription.
How do you like that?
G. What a shock.
Chocolate.
How many votes we got on the poll, huh?
We can make like 3,000 by the weekend and like I said about 2300, 1661.
By the way, fun with Dick and Jane has gotten on.
Father, the bride's gotten on.
Then we have two calls for fun with the Dick and Jane like we left out.
Well, they're good little slow.
So let me say it again, do not.
And here we are. It's almost time to go and we haven't had one call from anybody who even liked even a little bit the constant gardener or solid.
I thought it was about high in Maryland gardener myself.
This is New Rogers.
This is 516 Q.A.
You get a lot of it.
Or the Rogers on the sports hall radio WQ.A.L.
Miami data is rules of the fish.
What was the sport horse do?
Poo, poo, poo.
Laurie has a cowardly poop.
That's it isn't really poop.
No consequence at all.
Let the trope go for a lot of old balls.
Miami data is rules of the fish.
WQ.A.L.
WQ.A.L.
Miami data is rules of the fish.
WQ.A.L.
WQ.A.L.
WQ.A.L.
WQ.A.L.
WQ.A.L.
WQ.A.L.
WQ.A.L.
WQ.A.L.
Miami data is rules of the fish.
WQ.A.L.
Miami data is rules of the fish.
WQ.A.L.
Sorry I said to you for time to mention it again.
Be sure to come out to the Amarlin Select to see tomorrow.
Because who knows how much longer you'll be able to pick your seat.
That's right.
Can't stop me.
There you go.
Select to see 10 to 2 tomorrow.
10 to 2 PM.
You can meet Don Travolo and say, hey, why don't you get on a real team Don Travolo?
Between 10 and noon.
Then you can lock in tickets for the Red Sox before individual tickets go on sale.
By the way, speaking of Don Travolo, of course it's not baseball season now.
I guess it also depends on who we got to be doing 2 to 4.
Because we didn't have learning to spell with Don Travolo between like 3-30 or something when Moe was on.
During baseball season, Josh?
Yes, we did.
Well, I guarantee you that whoever is going to be on there like Mad Dog from 2 to 6 or maybe Curtis, 2 to 4, whatever.
Anyway, you can lock in tickets for the Red Sox before individual tickets go on sale.
You don't have to drop in your pick your seat tomorrow.
Plus you can register when a private luxury suite for opening day that's Marlon Select is seat tomorrow at Dolphin State in 10 and the Amdell 2 PM.
And since we're not on tomorrow, what else are you going to do between 10 and 2, right?
Right.
Go out there and do it.
Now here I'm going to read it off because I can't print out yet.
Are you sure I got to put that disc in?
I don't think so.
It's already been installed in this computer.
I shouldn't have to, but it wants it.
How do you know that?
Does it keep asking for it trying to install it?
No.
It doesn't ask for anything.
Well, they don't.
But it ain't printing though.
Well, let's not go back and do this again.
Can I just read the thing?
I'll finger without it.
If I got this far, you can be damn sure I'll get that thing all straight to do.
What about just keep restarting it?
Restarting what?
The computer, while everything's working.
Ah, geez.
Sandlight radio and Stearns moved to Syria.
Don't test well in new study by Roper Omnitil.
How do you like that?
And that disappointing key.
Oh, geez.
What are we going to do?
69% I gave you wrong number before.
69% of the over a thousand respondents said they're not at all likely to consider buying a satellite radio service.
American Media Services Commission is studying.
And its president and CEO Ed Seager says,
we have long suspected that all the national media interest in Stearn and satellite radio
doesn't really reflect what's going on with the American consumer.
There's also encouraging news about local radio in the study.
How do you like that, huh?
About so-called terrestrial old-fashioned radio.
Well, guess what?
Yamama.
So, stocks in hell.
How do you like them, Apple, sir?
What movie should never have been remade, those sequels mostly suck?
Didn't we have one that was like a good sequel?
Somebody mentioned the other thing.
The thing was a good sequel.
And it was a King Kong.
Psycho 103.
War of the World's 93.
The 85.
Pink Panther 82.
The longest year at 69.
The bad news bear is 62.
Herbie the love bug 42.
That's what got in my computer.
The love bug.
Roar balls 39.
Willy Wonka and then 38.
And then the blob is got.
Small potatoes after that.
Gildi is coming up next from the Inters Center because the panthers hosted the New Jersey Devils in Marty Broder.
The Devils are as hot as a Pistola.
And then we got mad dog for this afternoon.
Bye, bye, bye!
