It's Friday, you bastard.
I'm Dr. Neil Clark Warren, founder of MeHarmony.com with more relationships success stories.
Hi, I'm Paris Hilton and I'm at the most wonderful, amazing, sexy person on MeHarmony.com.
It's me, I'm hot.
We make it easy for people to meet the only person with whom they're truly comfortable.
I'm so...
I'm Simon Cowell, my previous relationships were simply dreadful because everyone else in the world is absolutely appalling.
The thanks to MeHarmony, I'm at my true idol, MeHankar compatibility survey and see if you're the one who's truly meant for you.
I'm Zydel Trump, Melania. This is an easy one. I'm divorcing you. I found my true love, and it's me. I love MeHankar.
I'm not just for my money.
Visit MeHarmony.com and discover everlasting self-love.
10 on 3 at 5.60, hey, let's do a rocksy. If you want a few more minutes, you can have it.
I know that you ran a little bit over. No problem. If you want another half hour because we're getting spoiled these last two days.
Yeah, but you always back with us today who stirred up a bunch of crap, which we'll get to that in a minute.
So it's your fault. No, it's not.
You know it's the nervous last time?
Who?
Nervous laugh. He's probably farting a lot too.
Oh, you have no idea.
You're a psycho.
You're a legal. That's the proof.
Some people when they get nervous, they start like tapping their foot, you know, start sweating a lot.
When Miguel, he starts farting like a maniac, where he just had 18 bean burritos.
Oh, the mots of that without you.
Yeah, we had the bagels and mots out there. Who's the genius that came up with the idea of having bagels on Pesach, huh?
Although you don't have to be Jewish when you're a good bagel, that's what Johnson said.
Yeah, that's right. I wasn't getting a couple.
Oh, good, good choice.
Well, let's see. Let's get this other stuff out of the way before we get to this hysterical email from Joe Bell, that I just got.
See, I told you he's clear about. I told you that.
Clear about used to like squeeze his little horn. I don't have any horn sound.
I don't think. Let me see.
I got like, no, I got this.
Got that. That's not too good.
Now, got no horn sound. But anyway, you squeeze little horn and then kids would like that.
Like that. Lath little bit. Not hysterical, but just a little chuckle. That's Joe Bell.
Clear about. What a clown.
Anyway, here's the bad news from over that part of the world.
I'd like to get this out of the way every day. Why do you do that?
Because I think people ought to know what a blood bath is going on.
Plus, it ties into our poll today. What about Iran?
11 employees of a building company in the southern Iraqi city of Bazar have been kidnapped and killed.
The official said they were kidnapped yesterday and then killed it.
Government have recently mounted a spate of raids on businesses in Iraq.
Kidnapping, killing. Kidnapping and stealing money.
Keeling. At least three people have been wounded and two explosions.
Their new deli is main. Mascorn to media reports.
And if you go to the deli, don't get a sandwich.
Not during paysock, okay? And let's say, I guess they don't make sandwiches on Mata.
I really thought about that.
You couldn't, could you make a sandwich on Mata? I guess you could.
I guess you could put peanut butter and jelly.
I'm not peanut butter. Yeah, I guess peanut butter is okay. Peanut butter and jelly for paysock.
That's what very jackass is probably.
Well, yeah, I saw your column very pretty lame.
Pretty weak. When you start kissing up to Jim Berry on channel four, then you know it's really lame.
I thought Rossi sounded okay there. I thought he sounded like kind of human.
Yeah?
I don't mean in vocal tone. I'm not talking about that.
He's a little on the squeaky side. I'm just talking in general.
You know, like a bench.
It's a pretty good guy, I think.
I'll tell him you said so.
No, don't start. Don't start.
No, no, no, I never meant that. I'm never going to meet him. I'm never going to see him.
Okay. Like a branch once you heard the deli comes in here.
Oh, are we going to see you? No.
Never again. If it was good enough after the word WW2 is good enough for me.
Never again.
Get a three-year head, Joe. And it could have happened.
Okay, sweetheart. Not going to happen.
Leave me alone.
Anyway, here's the just one more quickie from Cairo.
See, it's all over the place. Egypt, India, Iraq, Pakistan, a couple days ago, the Pakis.
Worshipers had three Christian churches in Cairo. Egypt came out of attack from Mike Reeling, a Salon String, a Mass today.
Happy holidays, by the way. All you religious get-keys out there.
Police said one worshipper was killed more than doesn't wounded me.
Samultaneous attacks in the northern city of Alexandria.
Police discerching for three men, one in each of them. The church is on.
That exciting, market news from over there in the Middle East, where we're democratizing that part of the world.
Of course.
Okay, here's the poll result from yesterday. There's too many names on here.
We left off some very obvious people on here.
And we apologize profusely. We left Carol Burnett off.
Oh, no, she is on here. Oh, thank goodness.
I thought, well, how can we leave? Not that I liked her all that much. She was okay, but...
Did we leave Mary Tyler Moroff? No, she's on her tune. Didn't do anything.
Good. Like I said, we got him all.
Who's your favorite all-time TV celebrity besides those of two guys that play on supernatural?
Who's sleeping in the same room in a motel?
Johnny Carson 148. Nobody came close to Johnny. Let's hear it for Johnny.
Oh!
Rest in peace. Jackie Gleason 108. Rest in one big piece. 108. See the dead people.
In fact, the top three are dead. Carol O'Connor, it's about your boy.
Carol O'Connor 97. Jerry Seinfeld 90.
Okay, not even all that close really when it came right down to it.
How many voices do we have?
When I shut this thing off, 1226.
David Letterman 68. Bill Schattener 62.
Bill Hartman 52.
Lucille Ball 48. Lucie James Garner.
We discover that that's the one of the few shows. One of the few TV shows in history
where all the people who were on it are dead.
At least, you know, from all that was on in the 50s.
Right? 50s.
Maybe early 60s in seconds.
I'm sure this play, although there are other shows in the 50s like Flipper, Luke Halpens to the live.
I wouldn't be surprised if Ranger Rick did. And he died.
He got it played Ranger Rick's. I don't know.
Well, I think he did.
James Garner 43. That's a bad show, but we like the theme from Rockford Files.
Excellent theme.
Five New Year 29. Not even remotely funny.
Used to be very funny 100 years ago.
John Stewart 27.
It was a late edition.
If we had to put him on right from the get-go, he'd go into zooming up there, right?
Yes.
Steve Allen 26. Dave Schipel 25.
Another late edition.
Without Wolf Blitzkrieg, late edition.
Barbara Eden 25. Andy Griffith 25.
Still alive, O'Aandy.
Chris Farley 24. Fat dead.
Elizabeth Montgomery 21. Carol Burnett 21.
Also still alive. I wonder if she still has that thing with her ear, you know?
You know, the thing she was looking into the show.
Say hello.
You know what that was?
Would she just be like,
I don't know if I could have heard a kid or somebody, right?
No, yeah. Some stupid thing.
Alan Maldives 20.
Howard Coastell 19. Michael J. Fox 19.
Sherman Helmsley, that's George Jefferson, who is 18.
Ernie Kovac 16 did a long time. Paul Lynn 16.
She's also dead. Jack Benny 14. Milton Burlton, Dick Van Dyke 10.
Bill Cosby 9. Bob Barker 9.
Since he's 8.
Since he's 8.
Since he's 8.
But he always made me nervous watching him.
He always was like a little hyper, you know, like shaky ear.
Sherman Helmsley's back on TV right now.
Yay.
Jack Par 7 for a faucet 7, Alfred Hitchcock 7, Susan Day 7, Regis Fildon 7, late edition.
Sorry Regis.
No, remember he was on there.
He was on there?
That's right. We thought he was on there.
Then we found out he's still going to crap.
Kelly Savalle 6. Oprah's got 6.
Well, we apologize for that.
We're going to find those 6 people in Batabin.
Lee Major 6. Raymond Burr 5.
Yay.
Ron Howard 5. Jack Lord 4. Filled on a hue for Henry Winkler 4.
Yay.
Tony Dow 4. Jack Lord is on there twice.
That's the, who's fault that is?
That's somebody called in yesterday.
Remember, I got stuck right in.
Probably left them off.
So he's got 8.
So zoomed Jack Lord way up there.
Ed Wynn 4. Bill Bixby 3. Ed Solomon 3.
But he XN3.
Let's see, he's dead, right?
Or am I, I can't keep track anymore.
To me, these old time.
Buddy Epsen.
Think he's dead?
He was Barnaby Jones.
I'm sure he's dead.
J. Laryl 3. He ought to be.
Larry Hagman 3.
He's been dying for a long time, man.
This guy's got more liver problems.
Yeah, he's dead, by the way.
Who?
Buddy Epsen.
I knew that.
I thought he was going to say Larry Hagman's dead.
I know his mother's dead.
Maria, what was her name?
Mary Martin.
Peter Pan.
Jean Rayburn 3.
William Conrad 2.
Also dead.
What a shame.
He was fat and always dead.
Bill Colin 2.
Peter Graves 2.
Mary Tattermore only 2.
Good.
Aren't there Godfrey God 2?
Probably from Anxiety Semites.
Lauren Green 2.
Florence Henderson 1.
Michael Landon 1.
And no votes.
Oh, God.
No votes for David Cassidy.
Richard Boone or Dick Clark.
We're very pleased about.
Dick Clark at none.
The poor Richard Boone Paladin.
Medic.
What the hell do you ever do to you guys?
And David Cassidy, the guy with the eyes is going to be like
Crestfallen.
You're fairly.
It's going to be really peeled.
Okay, let's do the break.
We got a whole four hours today.
Let's start slowing down here.
I'm out of practice talking nice and slow because we really had to rush the last two days
with those two and a half hour shows before the Marlin Games.
Which they won a game yesterday.
How about that?
They kicked some San Diego ass.
Nine to two.
In front of an announced crowd.
I love the way they're always putting the papers and an announced crowd of 8191.
You know what that really means?
That's like saying, if you really believe there are 8000 people, there we got some real cheap
land in the everyways for you.
When it says 8000, what does it usually mean?
3,4003.
And I watched, you know, a little bits and pieces.
I certainly wasn't engrossing that game yesterday or not have much interest.
But I noticed that every time there's a foul ball hit that goes back in the stands,
we no longer see any shots of the stands, and who's in it?
I'm the Marlin Telecast.
And I'm sure that the directors in the cameramen are instructed, don't you dare.
You know, no one said, don't you ever show that.
And suppose when I get the feed from the visiting team, as opposed to the Marlin feed,
and they thrive on showing it over and over again.
Look at this, look at this, it blows out market, man.
There's nobody here.
Although San Diego, I don't know if they really draw all that well.
Because last, you know, they won their division.
And they like, were the only team in the division over 500.
I think they finished like two games over 500 and they won the war.
Yes, the West last year was then, because everybody else stunk in their division.
So they won a winning by default.
And any team that's got those uniforms anyway ought to go back with the tail between their legs.
10, 13 at 5, 60 WQM, happy Friday.
It's good Friday. It's paysock.
It's even, even clerics, to fit a off to celebrate.
He probably is home with his head between his legs, or maybe Robert Creepers.
Hey, what's better than staying cool and comfortable all summer long?
How about getting an instant $1,200 cool cash rebate on the world's smartest air conditioner,
the five star edition of the carrier and finity system?
And to make things even better, you can get this fabulous system from Royce Air and Heat,
where they've been taking care of Friday area families for three generations.
As a carrier factorized authorize, let me say it again, carrier factory authorize dealer.
I thought that's what I said. Royce guarantees you're 100% satisfaction.
And that guarantee is backed by carrier, the people who invented air conditioning in the first place.
And have now invented the carrier infinity system.
This one actually performs a daily diagnostic check and then adjust itself for maximum efficiency
to maintain maximum efficiency on your current air conditioner.
What you really ought to do is join the Royce Air and Heat Comfort Club.
Plus, you're, they inspect and tune up your system.
And then if you ever have a problem, you'll enjoy priorities, same day service, and 10% off any needed repairs.
You get all of these things.
All of these things.
Or just 110 bucks a year.
So whether you choose the two-speed infinity system with PIRON or
PISA Mind, audio round with the Comfort Club.
Either way, make the smart choice, the Royce choice.
Call Royce Air and Heat Tool 3 and tell them that old Neil footage call 1-800-377-0075.
That's Royce Air and Heat, Tool 3 call 1-800-377-0075.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5-16-Q-A-D.
Miami has the dolphins.
The greatest football team.
We take the ball for goal to go.
Like no one's ever seen.
We are in the air.
We'll underground.
We'll always in control.
And when you say Miami, you're talking super football.
Because whether Miami-Dophants, Miami-Dophants, Miami-Dophants are number one.
Yes, we're the Miami-Dophants.
Miami-Dophants.
Miami-Dophants are number one.
They're the top dolphins.
Melania, I'm not asking.
I'm telling push.
I can see the baby's hair.
George, Carolyn, are you getting this on tape?
Melania, push.
Still more hair.
Terrific.
Doc, question.
Melania, not now.
Doc, will she get stretch marks?
There's a chance.
That's too bad.
Carolyn, get my lawyer on the phone.
George, never mind her.
Camera on me.
Melania, push.
The baby's coming out.
Doc, what is it?
Congratulations.
It's a billionaire.
Perfect.
I'm outta here.
1018 at 560 WQM.
We got 821 votes.
We'll make that thousand of the day, I think, guys.
Oh, sure.
821.
No sweat.
What's your take on Iran?
In Peach Bush, before we have another invasion, 449.
That seems to be the popular.
That's what I voted for.
And Peach has asked now, like before the weekend.
We can't even handle Iraq, 134.
Good point.
Those are not going swimmingly well.
My vote.
Blow them off the map.
Those are Iranians.
They're Schmata heads, 104.
No more killing, no more lies, 85.
I just thought that sounded pretty good.
Wouldn't that be good for like a bumper sticker?
No more killing, no more lies.
85.
They are the threat to us, 26.
But what does that have to do with anything?
There's snappy dressers, 23.
Just like me.
And I hate this pool three.
Only three.
In other words, of course we just put that on there, right?
Well, they like it.
Timely, man.
Timely, should we have another debacle?
Should we send a bunch more people over to get killed at it?
Huh?
Should we start seeing more horrible pictures of women
and the little children getting bloodied in the butchered?
Anyway, I got an email about, let's see, 25 minutes ago,
which I found most amusing.
Not fall down on the floor.
You know, slap your ass with both hands.
That's funny, but amusing.
In fact, I'm not sure whether it's amusing or disturbing.
I'm sure Miguel had his finger in this.
I can smell it.
Oh, yeah.
I smell that finger.
Now, are you telling me you were involved in this so whole debacle?
No.
You're not one of these people who's part of this consensus
that if I would just come down there with cell zidians of these CDs,
I know you better than that.
Oh.
Anyway, our total, which Miguel did finally give us this morning,
after a lot of prodding and pleading,
22,735 for that, about 30.
About 30 men.
The 30 in the T-shirt campaign for Badenpe Rescue.
In other words, we're sucking wind.
We're not just not doing it, which is why I didn't want to do it again in the first place.
The handwriting's been on the wall for years now.
The law of diminishing return.
And the, you know, plus the fact that a lot of people don't have any money now.
Post Wilma, three bucks a gallon for gas,
and people are just, don't have an awful lot of discretionary funds.
Plus, there's another thing too.
And that is that an awful lot of the bits around that disk,
they've been on previous ones.
And so if you'll notice, if you recall that these appearances that we used to do,
a lot of the very same people, and we appreciate their money,
although not necessarily appreciates seeing some of them.
But, which show up over it?
Are you ever saying?
Yeah.
So a lot of them have already got, like the bridge tender and young meal and hardly bits.
And we did that for a few days ago.
But anyway, with all the other problems that we've got to queue in,
and all the other crises that seem to be swirling around us,
it's just astonishing to me that our general manager, Clara Bell,
has got the time to be worrying about our CD campaign.
This should be your biggest problem. That's what I would tell you.
This should be your very biggest problem.
Anyway, here's the email.
Because it doesn't say not for broadcast or confidentiality or any of those things.
Neil, like you have been disappointed in the sales of the about 30 man CDs
and T-shirts to benefit of band and prayer rescue.
Now, let me just point out that going all the way back to the INZ days
when the burden fat rich used to live used to sell cassettes
that predated the whole CD thing.
And they would like take home the master copy,
and they would like you.
In their spare time, they'd make they'd dub copies of the cassettes.
And we'd sell cassettes for charity.
So that's about 20 years ago.
We had cassettes, too.
In the beginning, yes. Well, what would mean we had cassettes, too?
The donor volume, I was just saying only cassettes.
Oh, didn't have no CDs.
And anyway, so I've been doing this a very long time.
We've raised well over a million dollars for charity or an up period of time.
I don't know what the total is, probably a couple of minutes.
Camilla's house, center one, a band of prayer rescue.
And as the years have gone on, it became more of a pain in the ass
because they're just, oh, how long I ordered mine three days ago.
It's not a hairy, okay?
Tell me why it's got to be all this other crap that goes on.
It's just, you know, in addition to which every year,
I would put up the seed money.
And then the people in the radio station would contribute money.
I would embarrass them into doing this one, give a thousand, this one, give a five hundred.
And so that helped to boost the total up substantially, too.
So if easily broadcasting or are so concerned about whether this thing isn't going well,
why don't they just leave that $5,000 in their room?
Should they've already taken it back?
They put up the seed money this year out of the kindness of their heart
because I wasn't going to do it.
See what I'm saying?
That $5,000 is being taken out.
And I'm sure that's included in the 22 grand, isn't it?
Or not?
Yeah.
It is?
Yeah.
Are you serious?
Yeah.
So that means we really got 17,000.
If you take that out, which they will, in fact, they probably took it out already.
We want our five grand back.
Anyway, since like you have been disappointed in the sale of the other,
and talking to people here, the consensus is the consensus is,
I wonder how many people.
And I'm sure Michael was not a little peeper.
You tell me that he didn't talk to you about this?
He did not talk to me about this.
In talking to people, the consensus is if you would come down
and do a personal appearance, we'd sell a ton of them.
Now, I really discussed this with him once before.
I think maybe his doggy Alzheimer's is kicking in or something like that.
His clown Alzheimer's.
And I told him unequivocally, no, that's not going to happen.
I didn't want any part of this in the first place.
I didn't want anything to do with it.
I thought it was a bad idea.
Even Miguel has been sitting there off the air.
I don't know what he's going to say on the air because he lies a lot.
But agreeing that it was a bad idea.
And you say that?
We don't want to do it.
Because you didn't want to do it.
No, no.
Oh, Jesus.
That's what I told you off the air, too.
You're full of crap.
Is that what he said, Josh?
Yeah, actually, I think he did.
No, it's not what he said.
That's what I said.
Not back in the beginning.
It was at least your interpreter, George Rodriguez, he was saying that it's a lot of work.
It's a pen and he asked and you don't want any part of it.
That's what he said.
And he didn't want any part of it either.
Am I right about that, Josh?
Yes, you are.
Yes.
And Josh didn't want any part of it.
Not that he's going to do it.
But he just, you know, I still put a name on it.
I bet you're pardoned.
I still put a name on it anyways.
He Joe continues.
Listeners are always asking when you're going to be in the market.
If this is something you consider doing, WQM would pick up the cost of the plane ticket.
Well, let me just tell you this, Joe.
I don't fly coach.
Okay, a big deal.
I spend it like me.
I don't fly coach anymore, cattle.
I fly first class.
So that would be about 1700 bucks.
So rather than wasting the 1700 bucks on a plane ticket, why doesn't QAM put in the 1700 bucks
toward the charity there?
That would get us almost a 25 grand.
See, would that be a good, a more creative idea?
In addition to which, if I came down there and then he says, we can do a Saturday and
May at a high traffic location like Evan to Ramon, I think the results would be huge.
Let me know what I think.
Well, let me give you a real short answer, okay?
No.
Right, two letter answer.
No.
Just like I told you before, but we're going through this again.
No.
First of all, Saturday and May sounds like working on a Saturday.
I don't work on Shabbat.
It's okay. It's against my religion.
There is no chance.
Well, he wants me to work on a day off and come down there and schlep down there.
In addition to which, how much would we raise?
Now, we've been through a million of these.
On one of our best days, would we raise 1700 bucks?
Maybe?
Hops?
You know if you were there, you would tell a lot.
That is the truth.
Is that an answer to what I just asked?
I said that's about right.
I said that.
What about 1700?
Maybe.
No, you would put over two.
Easy.
Maybe with luck.
2000.
Easy.
You parked your ass over there at the...
You're so full of crap, man.
You went out on these van hits this year and we were getting bumpers, man.
I have the difference in writing.
It shows.
Well, it shows what?
From when you did appear another...
What's on the other side?
You are behind this.
I am not behind this, but I agree with it.
The difference in writing between what?
When we did the 2001 CD, we were in the 90th.
Yeah, but that's when we had an audience on the...
That's when we had an audience on WDQAM.
You're expecting me to extract blood from a rock from Iraq.
From...
Rock.
Yeah.
Just...
So, well, you're talking bananas and potatoes here.
One's got nothing to do with the other one.
And what was the big difference?
$97,000 down to 50.
Down to 50 when?
When did we do the...
We did the...
2002 slash 3 CD.
Yeah.
That was in a three month campaign.
Right.
$20,000 a year and it's a two week campaign.
22,000.
So, we're not doing that fan.
No, we're not.
I told you.
Well, like I told you, if you get off your ass and get the van out there again next week when Georgia's on, you can keep this thing going.
We'll do it.
It's all up to you.
I don't really care.
You know?
And I could come on a year and pretend to care.
Like, oh, I'm really upset how dare you people do like a stern thing.
I don't care.
You know, from a pride standpoint,
if I can have any pride when you're working a place like this where everything they tell you was a lie, you know?
And then they've got the goal to send you an email like, oh, I'm disappointed that...
You know, something...
Like I said, that should be our worst problem.
For on a station, that is similar like one shares in morning and afternoon drive in men in our target demo,
and our general mangle is worried about the about 30 campaign.
This should tell people a lot, you know?
Because the consensus among the people I talk to is we ought to be worried about taking care of business.
That's the consensus.
I've talked to people who actually own a radio and actually know a little bit about it.
They think that we all ought to be worried about more important things than selling CDs, you know?
I mean, if we were like blockbuster or something like that, then we ought to be worried about selling CDs.
Right?
In addition to which it's on our website, it's right there.
Maybe QAM can put it on their website.
Is it on there on the QAM site?
No, you're nowhere to be.
Because we don't even have a link from them because they don't want to be associated with this filthy show, okay?
That's correct.
So, you know, that's the tremendous support we're getting.
But in other words, creating more work for me to come down there and put up with a lot of those retards that show up with these appearances.
And we're going to be like, you know, you missed the guy with you guys and paint that guy.
You know, you missed him.
28 past 10 at 5.60 W.Q.M. Hey, all you horse racing and poker player fans.
Compatible Park Racing and Poker has all the plunging action you want in a great way to celebrate tax day tomorrow.
Compatible Park tomorrow is hosting a tax relief day with everyone age 18 over getting a free entry blank to in part of a thousand dollar giveaway.
Baseball tickets, I think mine, or maybe a vacation trip on Discovery Cruise Lines.
You could win $5,000, $150, $200 to $500 in cash.
That'll take away a lot of people's tax that they've lose.
Located just a half mile from both on 95, the turnpike hits easy to get to Compatible Park at Best of All.
Like always, like they've done for years, they offer you free admission and free general parking every day.
In fact, they'll reach right out there and grab you with a butterfly and then drag you in.
Live harness racing in the smoke free poker room open every Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday like today.
Poker gets underway at noon, goes on the midnight and live racing gets underway at 7.25 PM.
Also, no miss on Wednesday, dollar nights.
That's when Drac Beer showed us hot dogs and more and just a bucket piece every Wednesday starting at 6.00 PM.
And also, Pompadot Park, I mean, there's somebody else's cause there's so much going on.
Plus slots coming soon too.
Pompadot Park is open every day, seven days a week and nights featuring the best in-simal testing.
Harness, thoroughbred, high land action from all across North America.
Feed the watch and plunge your brains on.
Don't forget though to come out tomorrow April 15th for tax relief days happening at Pompadot Park,
a black South Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the current racing schedule called 954-972-2000
or on the Wicked Rebids, Pompadot Park.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 AF.
Friday you bastard.
Now to celebrate, yes, it's open to you today.
I heard the truck is coming down here with the other side.
I've got a trailer full of extra goods.
Roll them across the border just today.
I was far worse to be with Pompadot.
Dark boys and girls were looking green around their dudes.
I've got a trailer full of extra goods.
If I could kill them now, I could be rich.
Made a team to mine, risking their lives to earn a buck for now, and they could admit.
Just to earn a buck for now, and they could admit.
Just to close the buck for now, and they could admit.
The one who's dead and smart will work for Walmart.
We're about the same with the new generation.
I got a trailer full of extra goods.
So we'll still be high to spend my day here.
New campaign time in America is set.
The team's out to keep the business up for now.
I got a trailer full of extra goods.
Pompadot meets a lot of higher days.
They'll work on days for less than a little break.
We're just about three hours living in the days.
They could learn about two hours living in the days.
Less than one buck in hour living in the days.
We're going to keep working.
Shoot the boss for me.
Kill the blade and it's done.
I'm ready to get it for Mr. Tornado.
It's 10.35, 25 to 11 o'clock.
Here's that schedule, two o'clock in Scildi.
Oh my god, when is that stop already?
Mad Dog gets Finnegan's way for to 6.30.
The Robert Telawango show with Morgan Gildi at 6.30.
And then we get the Marling game.
Man, there is going to be a crowd there tonight.
What's the weekend now, you know?
That's right.
Although it is good Friday and it's pay soft,
so they might like cut it down a little bit.
Marlins on deck at seven in Marlins,
and the Washington Dance with Dave Ann Boring,
and my good friend, Roxy, at 7.35,
I'm about to have a camp on show.
And Joe?
Roxy seems like I didn't hear any of the show
because you were busy feeding me a bunch of propaganda.
But he's not it, okay?
Yeah, it did fine.
I listened on the way in.
Yeah.
That's good.
In fact, I'm thinking maybe Roxy, and by anyway.
What?
Oh, no, no.
Listen, you've got something to be laugh in.
See, you could tell, even the audience can tell,
by all the propaganda, you were just skew in there a minute ago,
that you're behind this email.
No, I am not.
Even though you deny,
I mean, you're part of the consent,
you are the consent for me, I am.
I mean, other than Raleigh out there who was, you know,
no clue when we're doing the implementation is,
other than that, we don't have anybody in promotions,
you're it.
You're the promotion man.
If I am.
And the fact that you're giving all these statistics,
now you're spitting out, well, I'm giving it to you.
I'm giving it to you.
And you're very important?
I'm giving the stats to you only.
Yeah.
Nobody else has asked me that.
Well, what stats?
You've given me totals about how much we did.
I'm going to say it again.
If I came down there, we didn't appearance that the average
rumble or the average age is death plus ten, by the way.
Well, I wouldn't take you there.
We've, huh?
I wouldn't take you there.
Well, that's what he's saying.
This is how much Clare Bell knows about promotions.
Okay, average rumble.
I wouldn't wish that on Hitler, okay?
Go in there.
I mean, the only good part about
average rumble is they got that good,
at least they used to have a good ice cream place in there.
Was it a Ben and Jerry shop, I think?
I don't know.
You know about the ice cream, man.
No, I'm not asking you.
I'm asking Miguel.
We didn't we go there.
We did have a thing there.
I think it was on this station.
Sure was.
No, it just weren't there.
No, the two I did with you were at specs and at the
pizza loft.
Oh, well, specs is out of business and pizza loft,
we have no relation with anymore, or at least I don't.
So what does that tell you?
See?
It's not a good idea.
Wherever we go, you're bad luck.
No, no, I'm not bad luck.
It's like the whole concept is bad luck.
Yeah, I'm bad luck, okay?
That's specs, that was my first gig with you.
Well, and we also used to do them with peaches too.
Is there any peaches stores anymore?
No.
I think Larry Flinter with that hustler shop in Fort Lauderdale,
where peaches used to be, Phil Henry and I didn't appearance at
peaches there once upon a time back when he was a good guy.
Are you sure he was okay when he was pretending to be a good guy
and our friend?
And we raised a ton of cash there.
But even there, I doubt that we raised more than two grand in
one day in a couple hours, whatever it was.
If we could do that, then we'd have to go.
And that was on a station where Phil had his CD and Rick and
Suds had one and or they had something.
And the Randy had that TV video thing.
We had all kinds of stuff and the whole station was involved in it.
See, there's a big difference between that and between like laying
it all off on me again.
See, I had to break the news to you, Joe.
But last time I checked in according to your very own words,
which I said, start taping what aren't going to be any more of them.
But those conversations I should have on tape.
We're doing fine here between ten and two.
At least relative to everything else.
We're not kicking big ass like we used to.
But we're doing fine, considering we're on a sinking ship.
So instead of like all your predecessors, we're trying to fix what isn't broken.
How about fixing what is broken?
Which you've got a lot of broken parts.
You know, like a card that's been in a massive car crash.
Start working on those.
I mean, like I said, why don't they give the 17-hour bucks that it will cost
it a plane ticket?
Throw that in there.
I'll throw in a couple of grand.
I'll get embarrassed to doing it.
And you know something, I wasn't going to discuss this on the air.
But because of this email, I'm going to discuss it.
And this will probably kill the whole thing right now.
And I don't really care.
And both of you know what I'm going to say.
You know, exactly one of the reasons I'm sour on doing this.
I didn't want any part of it in the first place.
See, I don't like raising money for charity.
But the poor little puppies I care about dogs.
They're cats.
And putty cats I don't want no part of.
Okay, so the fact some of the money will go for kitty cats.
I'm not too pleased about that.
But I'll look the other way.
Yeah.
But every time you raise money for charity,
and I mentioned this the other day,
the Camilla Sounds was all upset because we had the picture of the
dolphin players on horseback, a couple of black players,
and the Wild West with shotguns.
And it was a cute thing.
And the dolphin players donated their efforts to it.
There was no problem with it.
Oh, well, that's a racial thing.
It's got racial overtones.
And Camilla Sounds doesn't want to be associated with it.
Well, just so guess what?
So all of you homeless starving people out there,
you're going to miss your meals because Camilla Sounds was
too goody to choose to be involved.
So I figured screw it, okay?
Go on, Melissa and children or something.
Leave us alone.
And then we had to send her one thing.
And of course, that one,
a blowing up one, a certain young lady decided
that she was one of OJ's autographed at that golf tournament.
That's screwing in the Greg foisted on us.
You remember that deal?
See, that's the bottom line.
There is nothing good that's going to happen for the radio station,
for me, for you guys, for anybody connected with us.
There's nothing good that's going to happen as a result of doing this.
You see what I'm saying?
There's no upside.
You guys always a downside.
Like having them fly in OJ Simpson from California at that time,
and having them show up in spite of my,
it was promised to me that he wouldn't be there.
Promise to me.
I was assured.
You remember that argument?
A episode I'm sure.
I was going to intern then, yes.
Well, you remember.
Yeah.
And so what do they do?
And I wanted to have them show up,
but then you're good friends.
Sand that was at the opening day thing of it,
which is shocking to me.
He puts him on the phone and it calls up George to try to get him
on the air with me.
Like I'm going to put OJ Simpson on the air.
Like everything's a big joke.
That's the word I got for it.
I can't say it on the air.
Effort.
It's all a big joke.
So there's been just a series of negatives involved in these things.
And now I guess I better do the break before I start ripping into a band and pay rescue.
I think you should.
Okay.
Because you know what I'm going to say.
And you've heard about it too.
I wasn't there to see it, but George knows.
You know what I'm talking about?
Oh, and I do.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And he didn't make it up either, didn't he?
No.
No.
1041, so you see Joe, but you know,
I have a whole pile of stuff.
I got my usual show.
We got a couple of calls coming in.
But I'm going to spend some time talking about this,
because I'm sick and tired of people trying to always put everything off on my fat ass.
Okay.
Till they stick my ass in a box and put it in the ground,
or in my ass is in an urn.
It's always going to be,
well, what can Neil do for us?
Maybe Neil can bail us out.
Okay.
No, Neil's already doing the best they can to bail your ass out.
Okay.
Deal with your problems, not between 10 and 2.
And it was the same on IOD, the same crap all the time.
Oh, let's put Neil out at 9.30 now,
because we don't know what to do with that 9 to 10 hour.
Or let's have Neil come in and hold Rick and Sussan for an hour every day between 9 and 10,
and do an extra hour for free.
And who's up to 9 to 10 ratings?
What which I did.
And then what?
What's in it for me?
What's the upside?
Huh?
A full-wheel star and a purple jelly bean?
10.42 a.k.a.m.
Geldy coming up at 2.
That should do it.
At least, Geldy is what he is.
Hey, if you think you have termites in your home,
I wonder if termites make squeaky sounds.
You know what I'm speaking of, Geldy?
Call ridded pest control today for a free termite inspection.
This is the time of the year, man, when it starts.
Just during rainy season and all summer long,
that's when they start like eating your whole house up.
Ridded pest control uses an amazing,
orange-roal treatment that kills termites and their race,
100% on contact.
They're gone right now.
If you have termites, it's the best possible way to get rid of them.
You don't have to tense your home.
You don't have to worry about poisonous gas,
no moving out or hotel stays,
no worry about food or pets in your health.
They treat your home with this amazing orange oil,
and you don't have to leave it all.
In fact, when they've done treating your house,
the only thing left behind is the clean scent of oranges
for just a few days.
It's a mahaia.
Even if you have a termite problem,
this is the thing to do.
Call them right now.
Ridded pest control, and they'll say good vital for a long time.
Call right now.
Find out about their amazing,
orange-roal treatment that kills termites and their race,
100% on contact.
No tending, no BS, no kidding.
Call right now.
Ridded pest control for a free no obligation inspection,
1-800-447-4348.
That's 1-800-447-4348.
Be sure and tell me the time.
Gurek, for a day to call.
1-800-447-4348.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is by 62 AF.
You hope the aia res.
Don't give your return a close reading.
These are the things you're thinking of.
You're not a bad guy.
When your tax cheating.
To the tax credits for your neighbor's kiss,
you call the doctor's appendix.
I listed but why's there as a charity?
Just give to the government, man,
and let's know it's not a business loan.
You're the only one who's eating.
We are things you're thinking of.
When your tax cheating.
When your tax cheating.
All right.
10-48-560-22M.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
We're going to have to pay for the tax.
They have 22 grand.
And then they find out that 5 grand from the visualization skill.
And I don't believe that.
at least it's in the total number,
but I'm sure that the 5,000 sub language is back in their pocket again...
And they're saying, would you give me 5 percent.
So like I said, instead of picking up the cost of playing ticket just put
that money back on the kitty.
It's for kitty cats and little Magna Pe top rescue...
...if you're so concerned about this joe,
he is disappointed in the sales.
Well, I am too, but should be my biggest problem.
And if you want to see one of my biggest problems in life, Joel, there's a mirror in the
tea room there.
In fact, maybe in his private bathroom there in the managerial office, it wouldn't surprise
me if he's got a mirror in there.
Go in there and look at it.
Take a good long look.
It's just like I was telling Florence the other night during our gnashing session on
a phone.
My life is sensational.
Everything is great.
Like Ray Stevens would say, everything is beautiful.
It's dank and great and drippy today and not the nicest days.
It's going to be about 55, 50, 60.
And you know something, it's like being in paradise.
I thought one of the main reasons it's like being in paradise is because I'm not there.
This is paradise.
Well, you know somebody else said that and look what happened to him and his muskrat.
He's doing a muskrat rambles somewhere in New York now again and believe me if they ever
found out in New York that he was back again, it was really good luck to you.
941 votes.
We got almost our thousands of the end of the first hour today.
We're kicking big fat ass.
We don't need to help from Clarebel.
941.
Take a puke at that.
This is the Neil Roger show.
Rock, rock, rock, rock solid is your brain.
Any questions?
Keep me by my full full form.
Who injects his steroids in my form?
Very bomb.
Welcome.
Very bomb.
What's in the arms?
That very bomb.
He may fool someone but he ain't fooling me.
Why has everybody trying to drug kiss me?
Who's always taking all the juice?
Who's always acting so elusive?
Who throws your borders through the roof?
Very...
Who me?
Yeah you.
Very bomb.
Very bomb.
What's going on?
With very bombs.
From sports you are streaming right to the devil's.
Why has everybody staying out take roads?
Federal grand jury is considering whether to indict San Francisco's giant slug or very
bonds for perjury because of testimony he gave to another grand jury in 2003.
CNN is reporting.
Josh is pretty peeled about it too.
If I hear this story again I'm just going to jump off a bridge.
Promise?
Who I need better cancel that check then.
I better stop him.
Fons told the first grand jury in December 2003 that he was clean.
And they said I don't think so.
They gave him a sniff test.
The new panel has been hearing testimony for a month about whether the baseball superstar lied about his
steroid use during the hearing several sources said this is extremely bad news for Mary von
said CNN senior legal maven Jeff Tuben because the federal prosecutor doesn't start looking into
perjury unless he's got a pretty good idea.
He's going to find perjury at the end of the day.
The U.S. Attorney's office would need to confirm nor deny the report grand jury proceedings are generally kept secret.
Of course except when they start leaking them out.
But there's the offer from the immunity.
Then you ask them the questions and then you get them for 18 U.S.C.
2001 lying to federal officers exactly what they got in March before.
That's the trap.
And that was the trap that was being laid.
He said very was being laid or something like that.
Is the way it was just said?
Yeah that's it.
The thought makes me nauseous.
Okay let's get a couple of calls on here.
Maybe some of our good friends that want to come to Aventure Amol and Saturday media or whatever it is.
We can ask them if they pay for that.
As a matter of fact why not have?
Why not have a thing at Aventure?
George needs the money.
Why not give George a little bit of talent to go out and do a bunch of these things?
He could use a little something since he's been lied to so much for a rest so long.
You say talent be fat.
Why not?
Why not?
In other words you think he's going to get the drag his ass out of bed and go out to Aventure Amol and Saturday for free?
That's what they're expecting me to do.
A big high paid shot like me.
I'm going to come down here and Aventure Amol.
God you've got to be kidding me.
You know what's like just even driving around that area by Aventure Amol?
Yeah.
Forget about it.
See the fact that he's suggesting Aventure Amol.
That right there reveals his expertise in this area once again.
I wonder if they play any country music in Aventure Amol.
I think that's their crowd.
Maybe country music in Yiddish.
56670560.
Let's hear from some of the folks who are just waiting for me to come to the Aventure Amol.
So they can check out my new wardrobe.
566 and haircut.
56670560.
Tom 560 and the Verizon Singular wireless line.
See I don't think the audience wants to hear that.
That's one of the reasons I stopped doing the van hits because it was taken up like half of the show.
It's not Sintillating Radio, okay?
It's like putting all these stupid interviews on with all these coaches and these boring people and I were in bag.
If you want to do that to the other shows, it's pretty obvious what the fallout from that has been.
If you want to start doing that here, forget about it.
Start interfering.
Here, let's start doing that.
Spend the whole show talking about the ACD thing.
Look at that.
There's not one call on the board now.
Look at that.
When that delay can't just open about 15 minutes, then you're going to really see it because then all those people are going to be insulted.
That I said, I don't want to see them.
Well, guess what?
They're going to say, we don't want to see you either.
Okay, you faddle.
Well, good.
Then the feeling is mutual.
56670560.
Look at this.
Is this incredible or what?
Have you ever seen this?
What, dead phones?
This dead?
This is pretty dead.
Well, right before you said that there were three on and then they went away.
And pound 560 and leave a rise in and sing it a wireless line.
See, this is the interest that they've got because if they pretend they got interest, then they figure we're going to trace the call and make sure that they show up if somebody does go out into one of the show.
And then they go out into one of these appearances.
They don't want it.
They don't want to be bothered with this.
Okay, Joe, there you go.
There I go, what?
Look, I got news for you, okay?
These are going to be short.
22 AM, hello.
Q AM.
I speak to Neil.
Speaking.
Neil Rogers, good afternoon.
Good morning.
I wanted to ask you, I've been listening to you show for years the first time I called.
And I've listened to you talk about the media today and the war and the president.
And I was wondering if you would agree that the media is as complicitous in this fiasco.
Yes, of course, they could never, it's just like Hitler.
They could never have done it without the help of the media.
That's right.
With the media sitting back and sucking up.
That's correct.
Well, I think they're afraid of it.
I think the advertisers might be afraid because a couple of old media.
The media asked you stick and you cut the average.
Yes.
Say you want a couple of old AKs like you and me remember in Vietnam guys like Harry Lee's never would.
Right.
Would they, how many killed and how many wounded, they put up a sign on the party?
And then my concrete turned against the war at that point.
They said, boy, if water is against it now, we've lost the public.
We lost support.
Correct.
And that's because the generals were lying through their teeth as you recall.
West Berlin and the others during Vietnam.
And they were given phoning body counts in the public and have any idea about how many kids were coming back in body bags.
And just like now with this grave robber we got that we can't photograph the caskets and all this other garbage.
People have no personal feeling about this.
It's like numbers on a sheet of paper somewhere, not like we are living and breathing human people.
You're 100% correct.
It's nauseating.
You hear on the news today, well, free Marines killed by a roadside bomb.
Let's tell us more about Natalie and let's hear about that.
That's it.
Now you're talking.
Right.
I say tell us more about the investigation at Duke about that stripper that got raped.
Let's hear more about that.
That's the story I was trying to think of yesterday.
That's the one for this last 10 days now.
And they're doing it right now and see it and they're doing it again.
Neil, please tell us who they are.
Don't tell us the soldier was killed.
We love those people.
We support them.
You're even breathing people with families and mothers and brothers and brothers and sisters and wives and husbands and whatever.
Right.
Tell me their name.
Show me their picture.
Make them mean something.
Neil, I love you.
I love you.
Show.
Take care.
We'll find a better place.
I'm going to sign America.
Good luck with you.
Happy pace off.
See, there's a good caller and you're giving me a song that ends about the calls.
What's wrong with you guys?
So negative.
Surrounding with Drowning.
See, here we go with a Duke investigation against.
No charges have yet been filed.
There's Mrs. Limbaugh.
How can I check?
Let me ask you this.
Do you care about the Duke investigation?
Do you care about that story?
No, I'm good.
Ask me if I care about it.
The answer is no.
No.
How about my guess?
Do you care about that?
Take care of us.
You see, there's three for three, even baby root never bad at a thousand, even varies
bond never bad at a thousand, even with all the meroids he's been doing.
All that cream has been shimmering.
Even he never bad at a thousand, three for three.
We don't care.
And look at this.
It's going on.
And on the, I mean, this story's still going on.
Last week it was the kid who was crying in moment because he put a webcam up and was
doing his deed there on the camera.
And oh, he was abused.
You know something?
He knew exactly what he was doing.
And now this week it's this thing in Duke University, like I was supposed to care.
Like there are thousands and thousands of other women who were raped really.
Because the story today says that she was drunk.
I don't even, I mean, it's in my pile.
I don't even know.
And yes, she was just passed out drunk.
And that's not the players who were saying that.
That's one of the first police officers to see her report about that.
She was passed out.
She was intoxicated.
How do you like that?
Yes, strippers do that.
They get a little intoxicated.
They get a little intoxicated.
That's what Tempest Storm told me once upon a time.
As she was clapping her phone to apparatus.
Somebody QAM, hello?
Yeah, Dale, please.
Yes, sir, speaking.
Neil Rodgers?
No, Neil Downs.
Yes, sir, this is me.
How you doing, Neil?
I'm doing good.
Somebody here from Aventura wants to speak to you.
Yeah.
Rita Cosby, Neil?
I got news for her pal.
Rita Cosby ain't old enough to be an Aventura.
She's got a hell of a voice, though.
If I wouldn't be surprised if QAM puts her on, at least on the weekends, could we specialize
in putting people out with bad voices?
Maybe she'll be next.
Maybe she can do like a two-man show with Lenny Martez.
Somebody QAM, hello?
Not there, see?
See how much they care?
Somebody QAM, hello?
It does pass Quinn in the basket.
I got news for her, man.
Don't be knocking my boy Pat Quinn leaves last night again.
Over time, when?
They're still alive.
They're hanging by a thread.
You know something?
I think I got a way to get even with this purport regime because they lie so much.
I think about the perfect idea.
Now, you've both been witnesses here in Clarence.
Oh, come on, you're Lewis Forgeau today.
Just one day.
I think I'm going to start doing a hockey show.
Uh-oh.
What?
Yeah.
I mean, it's a sports station.
I don't want to be out of step all the time.
I don't want to be the odd man out.
Oh, there's that Mark Crawford.
He's getting fired.
Salo, but obviously that most teams find a way to recover.
See, there you go.
Let's do some hockey stuff, intensive hockey craft.
In fact, I think they're doing that game in an hour right now.
As soon as they get back from commercial, I'm going to do the whole thing there with
your bow and your knee.
Lisa and Islanders last night.
Yeah.
They showed the parking lot there.
They long-end La Mancestor County Coliseum where the Islanders play their home games.
That I've been reading about how decrepit it is inside, even the rats have ran out.
But that place is such a dump.
It is so unbelievable.
You know, big time in New York.
Everything in New York is supposed to be the biggest and the best and the glitzy.
The Long Island, the Nassau County Coliseum is the biggest pile of turd.
Now, one of the Islanders play there.
WQAM, hello.
Neil?
Yes, I am.
Hey, I just wanted to give some props for Keith Oberman.
Yeah, he's probably the only people liberal guy.
Don't say too loud.
You might not see him anymore pretty soon if we talk about Keith.
Yeah, every night before he goes off, he says how many people have died since mission accomplished.
He's good.
He's good.
Compared to the other crap that they got on her, he's sensational.
Yeah.
And John DeLiell, of course.
I watch every night.
Well, I've got news for you.
They know we do cross-be.
Oh, she's the worst.
Ever great, we can talk.
Oh, she's the worst.
Bye.
Oh.
Oh, I see.
It's like us.
It's like on a station.
I mean, like I was telling somebody the other day, like I think it was my conversation with Clarence, who's probably out sick today as a result of it.
Although he did agree with everything I say.
He got that from Joe.
But, you know, just a child can listen, turn on the radio and oh my god, how can that person be on the radio?
They've got such a bad voice and the same with her on television.
I guess Ottawa, the air candidate center, release will be wearing pink ribbons on their helmets.
To that, since I came here, even Lisa were in pink.
That's right.
First they changed the name of the baseball stadium to the Rogers Center and now the leaks are wearing pink.
Yeah.
Yeah, see, here's Joe Bolra's money for charity.
He's not being forced to go to have an tour to do it.
You go, Joe.
He's the best.
Here on the Neo Rogers hockey show.
Oh, right.
Rumor had the right idea.
I could even wear these back shirts.
How many QAM, hello?
This Sunday, we have the right kind of party.
Take it off, they own that.
I wish I would have saved the ashes like some people.
I would have said it to that guy.
That guy saw obsessed with my little dog, just obsessed.
WQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, I'm a Colorado.
I've been listening for a long time since the days of John Moynihan on QAM.
Oh, John Moynihan.
Yeah, God.
He ended up dying by the way.
It's funny you said I was just going to ask.
I don't know if anybody there knows.
I think he did.
Yeah, well, I used to listen to him at night.
This is like when I was in high school.
And then I listened to Mercury Morris.
Oh, my God.
He had a nose for sports news.
Yeah.
By the way, I got something special for him.
I said, here it is.
John Moynihan.
Wow, that brings back memories.
I mean, he even had his own jingle.
And then he even had one up.
John Moynihan.
On sports radio.
On sports radio.
WQA.
Didn't he end up doing the tantas like that for a season?
No.
No, it was Chris Moron, you're thinking of.
Oh, that's right.
Oh, it was always Ed Berliner.
Ed Berliner.
On sports radio.
On sports radio.
On sports radio.
Oh.
Neil, one last thing.
I want to say hi to Josh.
I'm Billy's friend, juice.
Oh, hey, juice.
What's going on?
What's up, buddy?
How's everybody?
You want to Josh's boyfriend?
Is that what you said?
Yeah, all right.
Neil, love you, man.
Okay, see you, probably.
Oh, he said something about the juice.
Yeah, as you showed up at our golf term,
if that's what it was, the juice.
Faster.
Murdering faster.
And he shows up.
They fly him in.
The radio station, they spent the money to fly him in just to piss me off.
Just because I said I didn't want him there at a charity golf term in my name.
I didn't want to part of that thing either because I knew it was going to be a disaster.
And as usually, I was.
Absolutely correct.
Yeah.
They took what could have been a very positive thing and they turned it into crap.
And it is in which we didn't raise squat from that thing.
The net from that whole thing was a zippity-doodle, very little.
It's like $100 bucks.
That was like $35,000 or something.
You know, I know.
You remember the line in this instrument in a Godfather?
I have it.
I have it.
Here it is.
I know what you say now.
You trust my life.
You trust my life.
You're the one in it.
I told you that I told Josh that even before you came in here.
I said, this sounds like the handy work of that turncoat McGill.
Nope.
In talking to people here, the consensus is if you would just come down and do a personal appearance.
Yeah, that's you.
That is you.
I knew it was you all along, Frito.
So listen, Josh is going to take out fishing this weekend.
Not going.
Yeah, you are.
Say a few Hail Mary.
14, patch 11 at 560 WQM.
The Emerald Coast, that's a good place to go this weekend.
Just eat your, all your cares away.
When a doubt go there and pick out.
It's Florida's number one Asian Gore May Buffet is rated by Zagat Restaurant Review.
And now every Friday through Sunday night like tonight you can enjoy lobster fest at the Emerald Coast featuring delicious main lobster thermidor.
And every night at the Emerald Coast is crab fest with laskin' snow crab legs dungeon-is-crab and Jonas' stone crabs.
The menu still includes fresh oysters on a half-cell and a sushi bar with over 30.
About 30 men.
For the items.
The Emerald Coast wouldn't be surprised if Grayson out there now he knows they got sushi.
The Emerald Coast also serves juicy delicious New York steaks, coaches the way you love men, hand-carb prime rib, and visions of great delicious entrees.
And on the weekends for dessert leave room for the Emerald Coast famous 40-inch chocolate fountain.
Stick your food in there, baby, hand it if you're on strawberries, marshmallows, all kinds of decadent treats.
And check out there all new you can eat sushi bar featuring sesame tuna tautaki over 20 different types of sushi rolls and much more kosher for paisa.
The Emerald Coast has got three convenient locations to serve you there in sunrise sunny Osprey and Pembroke finds.
Reservations suggested call the Emerald Coast and then go really pick out there this weekend.
954-572-38-22.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 516-Q-A-S.
Holy Mackinac, this is Joe Boron the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil God.
Absolutely.
Oh, go, go, go, go.
Who's the Scientologist that turned out to be a hypocrite?
Stop. You're dating me.
Who is the Jew that gets married when they put down some food?
Stop.
Do you think who's the guest that's mixing fun of every other religion?
Stop.
Not only.
This is Chef is one brainwash mother.
Stop.
I'm turning my chef.
These are two tasteful hearts but no one understands him but I'm hover.
Stop.
990 hoes on the pool.
I'm going to have a thousand before 1130.
I don't like that.
I don't even press or want.
I don't like that.
You know what?
You don't want those stupid asses and t-shirts.
That's fine.
You notice how fast Miguel changed the subject when we were talking about that other thing?
George, the point of that deal is he was pissed off about that and rightfully so.
Yes he was.
And he passed it along to me and said it was pretty rude of them just not even to acknowledge our presence there or thank us for it.
You know, and as a result of that, I'm not interested in no more.
I've been burned by these charity things in the Al this crap too many times in the past.
And someone was suggested to me by certain people in the building.
Certain people in the building.
You're frowning.
I don't want to mention any names.
You know what I'm saying?
That we all we got to do something, you know?
Right.
I don't want to mention any names.
Good off.
Good off.
The instant that we do this crap again, I said I'm not interested.
I want anything to do with it.
And at that point, there were certain people that showed me, oh well we'll take care of it, but you don't have to do anything.
Other than spend half of your show every day talking about where the van is going to be and it's going to be a place where in Yenim'sville where our audience wouldn't go if you give them 50 bucks and gas to go there.
Speaking of that bit, I just told you for this reason.
Did you see the South Park story?
Oh, I mean I saw the episode as well.
These guys are the best.
Yes they are.
Van by Comedy Central from showing an image of the Islamic prophet Muhammad.
The creators of South Park skewered their own network for hypocrisy in the cartoons most recent episode.
You go boys.
In fact, my favorite part was when they got the message that they weren't able to do the thing.
Excuse me, but I do believe that South Park.
Yeah.
The comedy and the prophet, oh I wonder if Joyce will approve that, okay?
Oh, I got some good news for you.
What's that?
I found out something interesting about Joyce from the comments in my conversation and she doesn't have a fat ass.
Anyway, the comedy and the episode aired during Holy Week for Christians instead featured an image of Jesus Christ defecating on President Bush and the American flag.
I think that's very appropriate.
Yes it was.
And I'm deliberately constructed two part episode of their Peabody award winning cartoon.
I wonder if that has to do with Mr. Peabody.
South Park creators Matt Stone and Trey Parker intended to comment on the controversy created by Danish newspapers publishing of those cover pictures of Muhammad Muslims consider any physical representation of their property blasphemous.
Those schmata heads.
When a cartoon is reprinted in newspapers worldwide in January, in February, it sparked a wave of protests, primary and sline, and the current.
There are people who are dead today because of cartoons.
This is the kind of religious crazy people we're dealing with, not just Muslims, but all of them.
The religious people are the crazy people, and the more religious the crazier and the more dangerous they are.
There is no doubt about that.
Absolutely.
Now, Parker and Stone were angered when told by Comedy Central several weeks ago that they couldn't run an image of Muhammad according to a person close to the show who their money be identified because of issues sensitivity because he wants to stay alive and employed.
The number of decisions was made over concerns for public safety, the person said.
Comedy Central said in the statement issued yesterday, in light of recent world events we feel we made the right decision that's executive wouldn't say no more.
As is often the case with Parker and Stone, they built South Park around the incident.
In Wednesday's episode, the character Kyle is showing trying to persuade a flux network executive to wear an uncensored family guy even though it had an image of Muhammad.
Either it's all okay or none of it is, Kyle said, do the right thing.
The executive decides to strike a blow for free speech and agrees to show up, but at the point where Muhammad is to be seen the screen is filled with a message, Comedy Central is refused to broadcast an image of Muhammad on their network.
It is followed shortly by the images of Christ, Bush and the flag.
A frequent South Park critic that farbist and William Donahue of the Anti-Defamation Group Catholic League, call it who's always gritting his teeth and talking like he's going to spit blood any second, call it on Parker and Stone to resign on a principle for being censored.
The ultimate hypocrite is not Comedy Central.
That's their decision not to show the image of Muhammad or not.
It's Parker and Stone, he said, like little horrors, they'll sit there and grab the bucks.
They'll sit there and they'll whine, they'll take their shot at Jesus. That's their stock and trade.
It's the second running over religion in the last few months for the satirist. Comedy Central pulled a marching run of South Park episode that Maksai told us, eyes a case we know resigning protest, Yadi-Adiah.
South Park again got the last word last month when an episode where Chef was seemingly killed and mourned as a jolly guy whose brains were scrambled by the Super Adventure Club who turns his members into pedophiles.
Maybe Chef will line up in a closet there with Tom Cruise and John Reholtha.
Just wait and some other well-known people were in the closet.
Only last week South Park won Broadcasting's prestigious Peabody Award.
Awards director Horace Newcombe said that at that time the vice-offensiveness to show reminds us of the need for being told.
They show on TV if you ask me, I don't watch it, but it's the best show on TV.
I don't watch it because they never think to watch it.
Plus isn't it all at the same time as Supernatural?
When's day at 10?
Oh, like I said, it's not even on Tuesday at 9 on whatever, never on the WB.
994 votes, I would be surprised when we come back after the break that we got 1000 votes, which I think means it's time for Marlon pregame.
997, I know how to make that happen.
You know what? How's that? Just a minute.
I'll show you, I'll give you a demonstration.
Oh, I know what's coming.
Well, it worked the last two days.
We get that Marlon pregame going, we get the Roxy on air again.
Here we go.
Right?
Right.
It seemed to work pretty good last time.
Come on, you guys are so cheap.
Give us a lot of money for the charity.
Give David Sampson and Delilah a lot of money for that stadium.
Let's stop holding back.
We know everyone who is loaded.
You got money under your mattress.
You got it hidden away like in moth balls in the broom closet with John Provolta.
Let's get with it.
997 on there.
What's your take on Iran?
Is our poll question today?
See, if I was smart, I would Iran as fast as I can when I saw the email from your close personal friend, Clara Bell.
Well, I mean, what nonsense.
All the stuff that's going on there, all the unfinished business, all the issues that have been pervercated about.
And he's given me a sign of the answer about he's disappointed by the total.
Like I said, that should be your worst problem at WQAM Joe, okay?
That should be your worst problem.
And by the way, how's your check coming?
See, every place we've ever been, remember Greg used to put in a grand and the...
at IOD he used to be a Bob Green or Disney would put in a thousand, the company would put in a thousand.
You know, everybody in a place would write a check 500, 200.
And we raised thousands that way.
It was a team effort.
But he didn't know supposedly a sports station.
You can't complain about our team because they don't have one.
Every year I'd embarrassed a Humper, he'd always come through good with a $500 check.
May I dog the same thing?
Are we going to do that this year?
No.
Huh?
Anyone know why I'm not going to do it this year?
Why is that?
Because I don't want to.
A thousand and four votes, what's your take on Iran?
It peaked worse before another invasion, 534.
53.1% and peaked his ass now.
Amen.
Before he defecates on a flag again.
We can't even handle Iraq.
160 now we're going to go into Iran.
We would like up to our earlobes in Iraq.
Blow them off the map.
132 really angry people, man.
132.
Blow them off the map.
Blow them out of the stone age.
I hate to break the news to you.
They are already there.
No more killing.
No more lies.
101.
They aren't a threat to us.
32.
Well, what does that have to do with it?
There's snappy dressers 29 and I hate this poll.
Only seven.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.
62.
A.
F.
Others stunt rejoined.
Let me tell you something, my crud, Nick Friend.
Tonight only is Lubbock Cartoon the Bert.
It's Pakistan.
Hey.
What did you do?
Don't you eat me.
I do.
I'm going to take the opportunity.
I'm going to discuss it.
Discuss it.
I'm on clue.
It's on a 32, when he is co-shoe from Paysoft.
And here's next week's schedule.
Look at that.
We got Bowel and we got Gildi and we got...
Oh, look at that.
That's Wednesday.
I'll write after that about that, but making a difference.
I'm not here anyway.
See, they got me on the schedule here.
I'm not on vacation next week.
This goes to show you who's making a schedule up.
Robert?
Probably yes.
Because, clearly, I'm here today.
Guess what, Robert?
I'm not there next week.
I'm on vacation.
You mull-run.
But happy Paysoft to you.
Hope you choke on nine pieces of Mata.
Let me say it again.
Yeah.
Big slabs of pizza.
Of whatever it is.
Mata pizza.
Mata Krista.
So there you go.
The schedule is just a nightmare.
And that's because, clearly, as well, Clarice is looking at his wounds.
I'm going to tell you, man, this is just unbelievable what's going on.
I might have to go down, come down here, and forget about going to Adventura.
Just come in and just start screaming.
Just start going up and down the hall, screaming.
What is wrong with you people anyway?
Are your minds or what?
Huh?
I know that.
Okay, let's just take a lot of calls today.
I have this big pile here.
But why, why is it depressing?
They've been great so far.
They haven't good.
Yes.
Aren't you surprised?
Aren't you shocked?
Shocked and amazed.
We got 1021 votes.
I think we're doing okay.
I mean, so the charity should be all at the, they don't want it.
They don't want it.
Okay?
And they got a variety of different reasons.
We took a poll on it.
And the quit, quit pushing, okay?
Your pushing too hard, like that song by the scenes.
Your pushing too hard.
Just back off.
Ease off.
Go take care of your other problems.
Like the schedule for Christy that next week that he's not even right.
Now let's see who's working on it.
I guess it's just George and Josh next week, right?
Yes.
That's good enough.
You guys can handle it.
Sure.
George, Josh and Maddie Bell.
5670560.
We want to hear from all those people who are waiting to line up and have an tour to get yours to release autograph on those stupid CDs that you're not going to buy.
And on those T-shirts.
Oh.
They'd be filling up the ballpark when people were in those T-shirts.
How much did we do with the ballpark yesterday?
We go.
Fettle.
Now that's a lie.
Yesterday it was the day you told me we had 20 bucks.
See, this is what's going on.
I think we just uncovered the scandal that's going on here.
I think that might be on the day before.
The money is coming in and then all of a sudden it turns to zero.
I don't have it.
Yeah, we already told us that Rolly sold the thing out there.
Rolly Poeh, he sold something.
Maybe he kept it.
And you really want these people to contribute to this campaign?
We got 20 bucks out there at the stadium, which I'm assuming that was the first and the last of the day.
Yeah, you know what I mean?
That nobody knows where the money is?
Is that what you're saying?
You really want to say that right here on the air when there might be somebody listening?
Is that what you want to say?
This is what I'm saying.
He missed your promotion to the pocket.
I didn't say that again.
You didn't give me the money yet.
I want you to repeat what you said before that.
It must still be in his pocket.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 in the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
WQA and hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How about yesterday on that Paul Rip Taylor?
And yesterday's Paul, yeah, he was great.
He's still dead, by the way.
30 QAM, hello.
Yeah, boring.
WQAM, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Did you ever think about running from Mayor Wolfen Matters?
Yeah, I have no, I don't think so.
WQAM, hello.
Thank you, Neil.
QAM.
Longamla!
5, 6, 7, see I said we're going to take all calls between now and so what do you expect on good Friday and pace off o'clock?
expect the intellectuals intellectuals to be calling in next week when Georgia's on oh can't wait yeah
And this clown wonders why I don't want to come down to have insurance and meet all these wonderful people
that are calling in like this last the traffic that we had here call them across the street
5 6 7 0 5 60 last call for calls and I'm gonna go and dip right into my ordinary stuff
Here are the new Rogers hockey show
How about those leafs last night?
Over time that's staging and Tom 5 6 in the Verizon Singular Riders line
See you you think that it was gonna be like four hours of what we had those first handful were you were you really thinking that?
What?
WQAM hello
Wow Q QAM
Hello
Yes hello
Look at the trick in front of me
Hello
Hello
Hello
WQAM hello
Who do you think will win the Stanley Cup?
WQAM hello
Yes thank you good afternoon I am a re-eventor resident good morning. Yes. Yes good morning. There's a report you will be at the mall I understand
No you won't
But what do you mean there's a report?
Well I heard I just I turned on the show and they said that somebody's gonna be signing isn't that gonna be you?
No, who will be signing the CDs then?
Tiny
Tiny? Yes
I hope he dresses a little better than you do
No I know I know it I absolutely know it it was just a matter of time. I was counting the seconds not counting the minutes counting the seconds
He's gonna be all dolled up man
WQAM hello
Yeah, he's gonna have on the pink bows on his head from the lease. Yes sir
Tiny line
Can't do it WQAM QAM hello
WQAM hello Geldy line. How you doing buddy? Okay, let me turn this thing down here
You know it's amazing you might not understand that it asked you to come down there if
They did something to you but did you nothing but and have it your work, man. They don't look much your balls
That is correct and then the other sir I'm supposed to go down there for a charity thing which says nothing for the radio station
Nothing for the company nothing for me nothing for anybody really and and I'm supposed to waste my time and slept down here and sit and talk
A bunch of dunderheads for three or four hours and we got all this other stuff going on
What everything they do is like throwing a monkey wrench in the works here?
That's jolly. He's a packer with math. He's a idiot. Okay
See there you go. And that's a show is that I'm the WB ever would
Yeah, it's a good thing. I think he's I think what he said is Joe's part of that family. I can't say which part
5670560 pound 560 and leave a rise in them
I think he said that he used to be on the make cameos on what he would packers what he said now that was dumpable
I sure did okay, I'll write that down because I wouldn't know the it wasn't a bowl. It was by me. Okay. Okay gone
Get the money by the way. I'm making parton got the 20 bucks by the way. Why is that how that happened?
Yeah, you walked in here gave me the money out of the wall. There you go
See if I was him I'd have come in there and punched you right in the mouth
Is what I would have done
Because you're implying you didn't come around and say you're implying that he just pocketed the cash or whatever
Gonna see it. That's what you implied. Did nobody said Josh? That's what he said. Send it in his pocket
Get him really this pocket. Yeah. Well guess what if I was you I keep my hands out of his pocket get him really
You fairy
What I tell you about those Cubans man all the same sooner or later, you know
Even a guy like this with his 18 kids just does that to make the probe happy
1037 votes on a pool. We are if we could get those 1037 people each send us 50 bucks for that charity
This is Neil
We can't pull thing up this is 5.60
Friday you
Nobody
Get covered in the United Arab Emirates in the Middle East
Seriously
Hey, don't worry. We're good at recognizing terrorists
Hello
Hi
I mean to check your cargo container very carefully
I hear something thinking what have you got in there my friend
I'm quite
Hey
My port swirl when it comes to the safe port operations
We are you
Coming soon Mexican drug lords will take over border security and Michael Jackson will oversee no child left behind
17 till noon. It's good Friday. Are we all supposed to be in church now or what what do you do on good Friday go to church and then one that's right and don't need to go
cheese macaroni and cheese that's right
How about a big Mac
Would like bacon on it
Bacon and cheese and meat. Mm. Can't get much more trace than that except maybe one of them nice pork sandwiches
Confid bill Alabama
An English teacher with a small Alabama high school has been charged with having sex with at least four students and allegedly involving one and a plot to kill her husband
Kind of sounds like that Pam smart thing in England the few years ago remember that. Yes
She talked to those kids in the kiln or husband and I didn't do I had none to do with it right
Officials released few details but said the husband and gym teacher who taught at the same school last year was unharmed
Well be careful about those gym teachers
School officials were first hit off the concerns about the teacher in 2004 by an unsigned letter accusing Sharon Litton Rutherford of sleeping with students
Park County School Superintendent Gerald Steven said
Steven said the school investigated and informed police but they had little to go on done on April 5
One of the students told coffee bill high school principal Janice Richardson who I wonder if I wonder she's kind of Bobby Richardson
Then he had sex with a 30-year-old teacher
Point of Stevens and the detectives authorities declined to comment on the evidence
But arrested Rutherford on to they in charge are with solicitation of murder rape sexual abuse and
Two counts of enticing a child for a moral purposes. She was ordered held on $55,000 bond
Clark County Sheriff Detective Ron Baggett
Said two of the victims were under 16 was investigating the determinant more students might have been involved
He said some of the alleged encounters took place on school grounds
I wouldn't have charged her if I didn't have enough evidence to show it's true baggett told the mobile
Register of her Friday edition today coffee bill high school about 75 miles north of mobile and southwest in Alabama
Has about 110 students that says here. This is on the MSNBC website for they made it grammatically incorrect
I in order to fit in because it's in Alabama right this by 110 student
Rutherford was put on administrative leave after she was charged her husband James Rutherford or teaches in another town
Didn't return no phone calls. He's mum
Coffee bill mayor fake cotton described here in Rutherford as a shy woman and told the registered that she and others in the community were surprised by her arrest
The real nervous about those shy people
Like shy leavey
We've all been talking about it. We can't figure out is she really did this. Why would she risk everything just everything? Oh, she was horny. I don't know
Maybe she liked him young who knows what the story was
That seems to be the new thing now, and I'm not really anything brand new, but like an epidemi of it
Although I knew enough the one going on when I was in school. No, well
No comment that that's it's always the line and my response is always you know what it is why why even waste the breath on
5670560 all these teachers did a little nurse students man. Well they're teaching them something anyway
County ordinary learning class
1552 votes boy. This is scandalous. We're doing so right on that poll today
And that's because they're whipped up about Iran
They're hell a lot more worried about that than they chick that allegedly got raped into the duke
That the media thinks that everybody ought to be oh, and here's this story. These six people got murdered this punk
Let's see who'd he kill was it the mother and the father and four cousins or something like that kiss and cousins and pencil
The Leola Pennsylvania and this guy they got on scene right now
He came on yesterday and he mispronounced the name of the town Leolia. He called it oh
Geez 5670560 come on. Let's see if we can't keep these great calls coming so I'm sitting here and get my girl all pissed off
That's why the girl came up with this fundraiser and think because he hates me reading this
He figured it would be a lot more entertaining if I just talked about where the van is for four hours
It's all about me
That that's what you're saying. Yes
That's what I'm saying
You're the promotions guy don't be trying to put it off on Rulie and all these other people in Doreen
She's not even there anymore that bitch. If you're not there let me blame in her ass. Next you'll be blaming screw-in for it
Although she did have her finger deep into that OJ thing man. She was involved up to her earlobe as a net
Then they told Tracy Kira say to our
Our promotions guy at the time that oh, you're gonna have to take the fall for this Tracy and he ran out of there
I'm getting out of this place. These people are crazy
Nice going Tracy you did to make the right choice
WQ I am hello
Uncle Neil yes, so you pass over to you
Mm-hmm
Uncle Neil, I love you long time
I actually have a fan an uncle Neil van that you autographed for me from the other station
But actually promoted you yeah, so I just happened to see a car pass me in a bumper sticker and it says
Pinch yes, exclamation point one man one woman. Oh
Yeah, there is one man in my woman right?
So
So bitch up get out of here five six seven you fair. Oh five sixty pound five sixty and they Verizon singular wireless line
WQ I am hello
Uncle Neil yes, sir
How are you first of all on me? I'm doing just fine in spite of QA misfighted joke here a bill
I got a couple things not much
First I want to say happy 30 yes. I know I'm extremely late. How dare I'm sorry, man
Yeah, I tried to call you that week, but I was kind of hectic and the phones were like really hot and heavy
Oh, yeah, the phones were hot man and we're like you couldn't even touch him
can third-degree burns
and
Today's on my son's birthday julie and he's 12 and he's a huge Neil fan. I know he's listening so I want to have you birthday to him
Thank you very much
I know it's I'm gonna make a request. I know you don't like to play it, but it's kind of long
But it's his absolute favorite if you could play a young Neil that would make it
I'm gonna find the day of Julian see ya see ya pally thanks uncle my CD. It's on it right
Not playing young Neil five six seven oh five six. Yeah, I could play four times and then we can go home
Or I could just play it and it was you a couple of times
I'm starting really like that because when I hear it it means that we're getting out means that we got the marlins coming up
All of the marlin gamers tonight now and don't forget Sunday they got that big giveaway the first 10,000 people let's you up get a little bottomy
What are they giving away Sunday do we know no we don't oh well see how out of touch you are since you
Oh, I don't have to do it anymore since you jumped off that payroll man
You don't know squat about what's going on over there beside the team sucks. There's nobody going that was what they're giving away
I mean, I'm keeping well. What are they giving away? I don't know. I'll be dead. Well, let's find out where the marlin's station
We're not too happy about it. We're losing our ass on it
So I'm that's what I'm hearing through the the raid vine
losing our ass on those ball games if there's any other station would like to have them please
Please take him you can start with a marlin national game tonight. Please
Please take those games then we can have the Panther or a game. They only got a couple left
The capital game tomorrow night which I see is on 1360 and the the last game
On Tuesday against the Atlanta trashers that could be a very important game not for the panthers but for certain other teams
Like Toronto and Tampa
On Tuesday. That's also being farmed out on 1360 and then I love those promos that say a yes
Service of through our five sixty QM how could it be a service of five sixty QM when we're farming a game out to a KAT
A station with a signal from a hell. Well, we just want to get our name in there. I was that what it is? Yes
They're a couple of time get in there a couple of times so we have a false cue
So I would start the thing too soon like that last one with poor Eddie Kaye
Eddie Kaye who never stole a freight train he never even looked at anybody cross-eyed
Unlike a christy crew member on channel 10 Eddie Kaye never looked at anybody cross-eyed
And they get him to do a false cue on it the promo and one of those promos anyway. Oh listen to baseball and the radio is
Well, what is that is that an attempt to pacify the organization? That's what it's all about me
They saw three. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. As a kid I listen to baseball and the radio I listen to great broadcaster
Why I said we'll get yourself some Dave van horn and roxy
Like I said is the kid who was really great listening to baseball and the radio
WCWAM hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir quick question for you
Um, when I go and play the slides at hard rock, right? And you you got those vouchers and stuff like that
I've never been there and I will never go there so I don't know what vouchers they I don't know anything about what they do
There other than that bingo crap and I don't understand how that works
Well, I'm trying to figure out if you get what exactly you win because I know vagastile you get the money out and you get whatever it is
But they have like these cards and these tickets and stuff. I don't know if they take a percentage out of it
And I was just wondering if you knew
But I don't know what you're talking about waiting if they take a percentage out of what?
Out of whatever you win like say you're playing dollar slots and you win 250
Do you get the exact 250 back because you're using these cards and these receipts and all that other good stuff that you're giving them?
I would grill them about it next time you go there. I'd pull them up against the wall and say hey, what's the story here, huh?
I'm pretty sure they do because my one my friend won the 10 grand
Uh, they took tax out of that. No, they wrote them a check man
They wrote them a check and he didn't even have to fill out a form. I don't know
The other thing I will bet you Miguel's life on it right now
They may have written them to check the cash, but the fact that the matter is he's got to pay taxes if you win more than I figure with the number is okay
Well, no, that's not correct, but if you win more than a certain amount in the US
You got to pay tax on you got to fill out the
W2 form whatever form it is they're right there in a casino before they give it the check
Well regardless you got to show me your ID your shoe size your goods or whatever you got and then maybe they'll write it out to you
Okay, and your friend did win the 10 grand what do you give you out of it?
Nothing. Well, why is that what kind of a friend is that what kind of a friend goes and then he drinks he paid for drinks that oh
Whoo man. What a big spender man. Well, I sure wish I had friends like that
Paid for the drinks last time I checked the drinks in a casino are free anyway. No actually. They're not the only in Vegas man. Not down here
Well, it depends on what drinks you're talking about the soda's are free
That's why when I go to woodbine I come back and I can't sleep all night because I keep drinking all those diets soda. Oh god
Can't sleep. I'm just like a walking caffeine bomb all day
Now can you think I can't drink for free and woodbine if you're gambling?
Not booze you've had a pay for booze see that's the beautiful part of Vegas man
Yeah, and I don't like cause how much does it cost you to go out there? Well, of course if you if you're smart
You're going to gamble some serious money. They'll pick up your airfare. They'll pick up your hotel
I was just never very smart back and those things well not even that I mean I can go in the sportsbook
I can make one bet watch a whole game and just booze for free the whole time
Well, just because you're an alcoholic in denial
I mean, you know the rest of us can't be responsible for that, you know
Thank you go out there just to suck up the free drinks
We got guys we got one guy called mr. pension of woodbine who's there every afternoon all afternoon
Shmoosing with everybody he lost his pension his wife his wife goes to work every day
So he's got nothing to do she gives him 20 bucks to go there and have lunch
That's nice. So he hangs around all day talking as loud as he can and
And when he mooches the free drinks he don't even leave a tip. I can't even imagine doing that
Talking about being cheap. I mean you can do it. You're not obligated
There's no law that says if you take like a soda off the tray that you've got to leave me something
But if I wouldn't leave a buck every time I would feel like uh, I'm clean man. I'm clean like pocket pig
God, oh, you probably don't care, you know
Being a high ruler that you are
Let's face it you just
A drunk that's all and it's okay. There's nothing wrong with being a drunk. I'm not a drunk
I like to have a good time in the week. I like to go out and get drunk. That's what it's all about
You're a punk who likes to get drunk drunk is a skunk
As opposed to being there and being in a deep funk
5 6 7 oh 5 oh 5 60 and pond 5 60. I'll tell you one thing
You know in in a very perverse way
I have a feeling I'm gonna the next week when I'm on vacation. I think I'm gonna plot all week
I'm gonna come up with new way new ways to make the beesleys and choices and the clearball to make their lives so
Unlivable and miserable that because payback is really a bitch
This is me who Roger I got some real good ideas by the way
This is mark morgan. It's the 12 to 1 hour on q8m
Oh my god
In
In
Yes
No
Allright
oh
all right
Oh
all right
all
Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right.
No one is what the critics say. No one is what the critics do.
Jesus, I'm happy. Jesus, you're doing all right.
Well, well, one in five, six, he's happy. A good Friday. Happy Pace Off. Happy Ramadan.
Happy whatever. Don't forget, kill us somebody of another religion for your God,
who whichever God it is, including. Deal, come on. Right.
Because this place is your killing me. I'll tell you that. So anyway, Joe Bell sends me an email this morning.
You see the people tuning in now at noon, like on lunch break. They didn't hear about this.
Well, fill them in. Now I'm not going to fill them in. I don't want to read it again.
I don't want to spend any more time on that CD thing. That's silly as fuck.
I'm not a third man. It wasn't my idea. I don't want any part of it. And of course the party who is responsible for it,
she's like really layin' low these days. Well, too bad, okay? You're fairy.
Very bad. Oh, we're going to do something for Neal's 30th. How about like a nice, how about a thousand dollar a year for each year of the 30 years would have been nice, 30,000 bonus in my checkable extra one night.
I've been nice. That would have been great.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
andean made so we can maximize the profits for abandoned parent rescue and
other than maybe they'll think us though say oh gee we really appreciate you're coming
down and heaven and sound. See you to sing after all get
into life if you're going to do something to be sexy especially in
stink.
Let's go right. We want to do something for ourselves way too much when we can get
together and we just want to do something to do something to so we can get together
and we just want to do something and we will give it my hand that like and we will give it my hand
I'm going to talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Hello, Neil.
How are you?
I'm OK.
Very good.
I mean, what are your 30 to 40-year-old white females
listening to your show every now and then?
You're the one.
All right.
I am the one.
I can't vote because I'm on the road.
So you know, can't get online to vote for you.
I'm at.
But listening to the hard rock thing,
it is a very big conspiracy over there.
I got in my first for like 11 cents.
I mean, it's very taking.
They're taking money.
They're taking money from us.
It's all a bit confusing.
Don't go there.
Also, it's fun.
It's fun to go there, you know, like comedy clubs
and there's all kinds of things to do.
But the gambling forget about it.
It's not parking.
It's not parking there.
Here comes the bunny and there goes your money, right?
Yeah, exactly.
And you know what?
For parking, here's another thing.
You get there early enough and they shut down the front part.
Where you can see it.
That would be a lot of money.
I could do it in a person's heart rock.
Wouldn't that be great?
I bet you were as millions there.
What's the confire against them?
I don't know.
Just I'm talking about the celicydee there.
You have to be.
Let me confire against them.
What does that mean?
I don't understand what that is.
Oh, I don't know.
You got something against the engines?
No, nothing though.
I think, you know, they're getting there.
You know, like you're going to put them in the room.
But let me tell you, this is the parking is a big example.
They make everybody shut and parse in the horrible
gravel lots.
When you have multiple parking spots in the front,
it really hurts me.
It's like Friday.
We went on a Friday early.
I think the answer is don't go there no more.
I think you're right.
I think I must agree with you on that.
I'm not going there.
I'm sticking with Woodbine.
It's too far for me to go to the Seminole Casino.
Which everyone you're talking is too far.
Now, Woodbine, you're talking up in New York?
Yeah, in Toronto, in Europe.
Yeah, I think I've been there.
My husband is a big East Coast guy.
It's right between a Calibre and the Mississauga.
Okay.
We've been up there.
We've been to Saratoga.
Oh, boy.
Yeah, baby.
Very nice.
A lot of things you can see on your calling schedule over there.
Well, listen, have a great weekend.
Thank you, too.
And go kill a cow for a Christ.
I'm up.
You have to.
See you.
What do you think?
Good night.
Good night.
Oh, what was she talking about?
5-6 times.
See, I told you they were going to be good.
Man, you're such a...
What happened with Miguel?
He leaves.
Oh, he's right here.
Oh, he's still there.
After we embarrassed you about all this...
Well, what I do with that email again.
Just had one line in there.
In talking to people here, the consensus is...
I'm going to put you in charge of finding out who those people are.
Okay, who are wasting your time by buzzing about all this crap.
In talking to people here, if you would just come down here...
You're the one that's creating a problem.
See, this is what it goes back to.
Like I said the other day, when we did that poll about why you won't buy the CD in the T-shirt.
I knew that.
And you see how that went zooming up the other day?
A whole bunch of people.
Boy, if you would just come down here and sign them,
we'd buy them.
No, you wouldn't.
Full of crap.
If I go into a music store and I buy a CD,
I'm not going to stand there and wait for John Lennon to come and sign the Abedal CD.
You know?
Follow what I'm saying?
Well, that's you.
Are you?
If you go into...
Well, that's awesome as well, but people would.
People would would.
Wait in a big, long line.
Yeah, and the people who would are the same ones who always did and always will.
I don't want to.
Okay, I don't want to see them.
I don't want to smell them.
I don't want to know from them.
No, well, they're the FedEx thing.
Well, something like that.
Well, I see if you would have discussed that with me,
I would have given you that idea.
And you think that's going to help?
You think that's going to cause people to come back?
I think that's going to help.
I think that's going to help.
I think that's going to help.
I think that's going to help.
I think that's going to help.
I think that's going to help.
I think that's going to help.
I think that's going to help.
I think that's going to help.
I think that's going to help.
I think that's going to help.
I think that's going to help.
I think that's going to help.
Oh, geez, I just drafted my soda.
Do we have one?
No.
No, probably you haven't got one.
Probably somebody stole it.
I guarantee I've got a better radio station
operating right here in this room in my apartment
than you got there in the toilet.
Trust me.
And I got two toilets, not just one.
And there's no fat slabs sitting there
taking up the space every time I need to use it.
Like that one day for Georgia.
I thought he was going to do a number right on the floor.
Yeah, I'm serious.
I remember that time.
I had to use the little toilet.
Oh, my God.
That was awesome.
I was unbelievable.
Man, oh, man.
They were like, all I'd have done
the Green Apple Christophe.
I think that was the day the trends came in.
I mean, you know something.
I don't blame them.
They must have had a premonition.
1177.
Oh, look at that.
US and European markets closed for good Friday day.
And anybody who doesn't believe that it's a goi-sia belt.
Okay, they're not closed for a pay-sock.
But for good Friday, the markets are closed today.
Boy, I'll bet.
I told you, like my dear late friend Alan Finkelson told me,
the biggest problem in the world.
Too many goyem.
WQAM.
Hello.
Is it the black pearl?
Was it even tree?
WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
QAM.
Hey, don't surf.
Good.
I saw a little vacation in the Great Southern part of the United States in Tennessee.
And I came across the store, the God store.
So I walked in there with my wife, of course, with the first thing I see is
not God, not Jesus, but the six foot life size cut out of El President, they standing there waving at me.
Well, God and GWM, same difference.
That's what the yeast stands for in GW.
Yeah, almost dropped out onto my knees and prays the Lord for giving me that opportunity.
It was pretty scary stuff, like a nightmare almost.
Well, I pray for you, my son, and don't go back to Tennessee if you're smart.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line.
We need 40,000 calls between now and two o'clock.
And each one of you has got to cough up 10 bucks for a band of pay rescue to get them off our hands.
That's right.
So I thought I thought I needed just pretty much to dispense with.
All I did was a couple of times ask what the total was, just, you know, just for my own curiosity, and we could pass it along.
I mean, you know, we're not going to lie about it.
So it's embarrassing.
We're not doing much.
And for whatever reason, maybe we got nobody left out there.
Maybe nobody cares. Maybe nobody's got any money.
I still think that most people are busy putting from Wilma, even when I was back in October.
And this is the middle of April.
I still think that in South Florida, based on my own personal experience, and seeing the mess that's still around, I think people are occupied with that.
Mui Akupato.
Am I wrong?
A lot of blue roofs out there still.
Yeah, a lot of blue roofs out there.
In fact, we're going to change the name to Tarf Springs.
A lot of blue, in fact, just like QAM.
A lot of blue sky.
That's the new thing.
We're blue sky in everybody.
Oh, man, you guys are great.
I love you guys and man, you know, I love a job.
I'm taking care of George.
I'm going to take care of Josh.
We're going to give him a, and you know something that practically took an act of God.
They're all God.
To finally get him off his ass.
And he's worried about the CDs and the juke-ju cases.
In fact, if I was him, I'd be in church right now on Good Friday, praying for forgiveness.
See, I don't know how long this regime thinks that they're going to be able to continue
blaming the previous regime, which believe me, there's plenty of blame to go there.
Greg Read-Net group of glam.
But I've got news for you.
It's already the middle of April.
The days and the weeks and the months are passing by.
And I'm looking at the schedule next week.
And I see yellow, the all over the place, like some kind of a disease.
You know, they got all those people with mumps in Iowa.
I think we got mumps.
Because we're sure taking our lumps.
All over the place, I see yellow diitis.
WKYM, Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Good.
You know, I bought a disc one from George over here at the Harley Davidson store.
And I really enjoy it.
But I heard you talking earlier about making an appearance.
And I got to be honest, it will be great to see you.
But I can only imagine the kinds of people that fall up at line to see you
or the kinds of people that you have to put up with in the stories.
I mean, I sympathize with you.
I was doing the talk show, God be an easy kid.
But I've learned over the years.
It's not.
And I can only imagine what those appearances must be like.
And I don't blame you for not wanting to put yourself through it.
I really want to be there.
Watching the people.
90% of the people, it's the same group of misfits.
I mean, you know, there's some nice people that combine.
I don't want to sound ungrateful or unappreciative.
But generally speaking, it's the same bunch of losers.
Well, I mean, I appreciate it.
I'm getting the disc and then going back and hanging out and watching you
and staring at you and coming back up with a story.
That's right.
Listen, listen.
I could tell your stories till midnight.
My favorite story of all was these two old ladies.
These two sisters from Detroit.
Of course, I have to have lived in Detroit once upon a time.
And so there it come by.
And it was at the borders, one of the borders.
And it came by.
And George and I, both of us spent a lot of time talking to them.
And better be, better be, better be.
I mean, in the northern and the amount of time.
Because there were quite a few people there.
You know, we signed their CDs.
And we talked to them and smoothed a couple of old ladies sisters.
And there's a 60, 70, 70s, I'd say.
And then the couple of weeks later, I'd get something in the mail from one of them at Iowa.
See, we came by and just to see you guys and we drove along.
And you'd barely gave us a short shrift and didn't pay any attention.
I thought to myself, you miserable bitches, man.
We spent more time with them than any other 10 people put together.
And they still weren't happy about it.
Typical women, no matter what you do.
You did that, right?
You got it.
Happy Easter, mail.
Back to you, pal.
You go get some Easter eggs.
Thank God, I'm gay.
Oh, yeah.
Thank the Lord.
I haven't gotten nagged.
Now that mom is pushing up daisies, no more nagging from crazy women.
That's why most men are dead.
Tell you that right now.
Because women put them in their grave.
Trust me when I tell you.
I don't have to tell you most of you guys know what I'm talking about.
And then of course, there was that young couple at the ballpark at the P.P. park that time.
Years ago, Fat Rich and I are there before Adolphin Gang.
Right.
I told you the story.
We have to remind me.
The young couple comes by.
I don't seem like decent enough people out in my maybe in the mid 20s.
Maybe a third in the head of the day were.
Oh, hi, Neil.
We love your show.
Bob, Bob Rich is sitting there shoveling a big submarine sandwich in the face.
I'm sitting there, I guess, I've already eaten it.
I shake the guys hand.
Hey, how you doing?
Bob, I was very cordial, very nice to them.
We had about a two minute chat.
I mean, I don't know them from Adam.
And yeah, nice to see you.
Enjoy the game.
And then I get a call a couple days later.
I brought my wife by to see you with Adolphin game and you just sat there like a lump.
And I said, what did you want me to do?
Get up and do a tap dance for you.
What was I supposed to entertain?
You put on a talk show for you?
Just sat there like a lump.
Like I was supposed to entertain these people.
No thanks.
I'll tell you what, Joe.
You voted the amateur a moral answer.
That's an excellent idea.
You voted around a Saturday in May.
And you signed the CDs and the t-shirts.
How's that?
I mean, he's got to get back.
Because I know all these lump kids already.
He needs to meet and greet.
Isn't that a good idea?
I think that's a stellar idea.
Meet the GM.
I'm good excuse to go out there and start meeting our fine listeners out there.
The guy with the eyes, the guy with a fanny pack.
And this one can stand over in a corner and cry if you don't pay enough attention to him.
That one.
Hitler.
Hitler.
You know, there was a little act for it.
Well, he's throwing the FCC on me several times.
Who's that?
Gilbert.
For what?
Ignorium.
No.
Yeah, they really take stern action on that.
Oceans in stern action.
1215 at 560 WQA.
And what's better than staying cool and comfortable all summer long?
How about getting an instant $1200 cool cash rebate on the world's smartest air conditioner?
The five star addition of the carrier and finity system?
And to make things even better, you can get this fabulous system from Royce Aaron Heat,
where they've been taking care of track county area families for three, counter-mooking, three generations.
As a carrier factory author, they did that twice a one day, not good, see I'm under, stretched out because of that stupid email.
As a carrier factory authorized either Royce guarantees or 100% satisfaction and that guarantee is backed by carrier,
the people who invented are conditioning and now have come up with a new carrier and finity system.
The new system actually performs a daily diagnostic check and then adjusted itself for maximum efficiency.
In speaking of that to maintain maximum efficiency on your corridor conditioner, all you got to do is join the Royce Aaron Heat Comfort Club.
Here's how it works. Twice a year they'll come to your house to inspect and tune up your system.
You'll enjoy a priority same day service if you have any problems and you'll also get 10% off on any needed repairs.
All of these things, all of these things, all of this for just $110 a year.
So whether you choose the two speed infinity system with Pyrrhon or piece of mind year round with a comfort club,
either way make the Royce choices stay cool and comfortable all year round.
Royce Aaron Heat called him tool free and told me that old meal for you to call 1-800-377-0075.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62.8.
You dredge, Packen.
So you can...
I'm gonna fuck around there with that big stick.
They shoot!
Where are you?
Hi, everybody. That was me. I'm the voice of Peter.
Hey, how you doing up there in Popdomo?
It's in the palatant of your face.
I told you I did it times last.
Now I'm gonna change the face of budget conscious sport whole radio.
Starting with an interview with a generic sport host.
Pop!
I don't like to buy one of the air-sensitamin.
I don't matter who this is, but it all sound alike.
All the day, do what I say!
I'm just expecting to be an interview with me.
I'll make 100% effort to perform well.
Say yes, how come all you sports guys are like that?
So, vacuist and dad, stupid.
Well, we have to go to college, but never really attend classes just like...
Not too smart is the situation we have.
You think raising about male athletes and worshipping their jackstraps is a little...
Gaze?
Gaze?
And just a little under serious eye?
Maybe...
Stretch it out at the scene of your tight butts.
Don't it, Asian?
We like women. We're programmed to do so.
You like it?
I'm excited one show.
You ever hear anyone talk about girls?
It is a little...
Gaze?
Gaze?
There are two or three very lonely men with very small things who need to hear this.
But you say yes, sports is a day.
Gaze?
It's the truck 22, and of course you're going to be hearing that.
At 2 o'clock noon we got the Geli show.
Oh my god, he's just all over the place like some kind of a disease in your radio.
There was some time they called a Heter-Dine wine on the radio.
We'll hide pitch-tone.
Sometimes we try to tune in and the station has got a really crappy signal.
K-A-B-C-N-L-A has got that.
Because of the mountains and whatever.
There always is a Heter-Dine and you can't tune it out.
Well, it's the same thing with us.
We don't have the Heter-Dine wine, but we got in the middle of an otherwise horrible signal.
1133 votes.
What's your take on Iran?
Impeach, worse before another invasion takes place.
603 over 53% say that.
Impeach his ass now.
And then the rest of them later.
We can't even handle Iraq 196.
And now we're talking Iran.
Load them off the map 149.
13% very angry people.
Just blow them all up, including the women and the little kids.
And you know, just innocent pain in the ass bystanders.
No more killing, no more lies, 107.
They are in a threat to us 36.
They're snappy dresses 20 to 35.
Even more so than tiny.
And I hate this pool only 7.
And then she find that a little bit bizarre.
I hate this pool usually like right up in the running there, but in the mid-pack, isn't it?
Maybe the haters are busy in church today trying to get forgiven for their sins, like Robert Grieper.
Maybe he's in shul for pace off, probably made several visits.
Yeah.
5667.
Oh, 566, my blackberry just went off.
Let's see if this is something important.
Now let's say email from TomPaint.com.
Well, that's very important.
Hey, it's better than another email from Omaha State trying to tell me something.
Well, I'm just tired of their crap.
You know, when you do business with somebody and they start nagging you,
now it's like the thing with the women again.
You don't want to be bothered.
Just leave me alone.
I'll let you know when I want something, okay?
Right.
They start calling and they start emailing.
Just leave me alone, sending your flyers in the mail.
5667.0560.
Tom560, they've arrived in singular wireless line.
Jody a two mad dog at Finnegan's way.
4 to 630.
I have no idea where that is.
Finnegan's way.
It's on South Beach.
Yes.
Oh boy, he's going to be dropping in green lizards all over his pants.
The Roberto L'Hongos, if they were just seven and Marlon's on deck at seven o'clock.
Now, isn't it interesting?
Roberto L'Hongo at Doris, Italian, by the way.
And Doris marketing where?
Boken.
Oncumber Pines.
All by under.
You're going to be there?
I'll be there with Roboy too.
With Roberto.
And is he going to be peddling the Neal CDs?
He won't, but Joshua.
If anybody stops by, I'll have them on me.
I was going to say I find it very, very interesting that tomorrow, this could be one of the rare times
that this ever happens in history.
We got the Marlins and the Washington National Baseball Game on QAM.
Tomorrow is a 605PM game, by the way, for the throngs that are going to be going.
And on KAT on our stepchild station, we got the Washington Crapidels and the Panthers.
Washington Nationals and the Washington Crapidels.
How about that?
Don't you find that a little bit unusual?
Well, we played Toronto, Miami Heat and the Florida Panthers.
They played the Heat on the same day that the Leafs and Panthers game was?
Yeah.
Well, how do you like that?
Who won?
I guess the Heat One at Game, though.
Yes.
Unlike the Panthers who lost that game at overtime, 65, if I remember right?
Yes, they did.
That's your new indictment.
He's really on fire now.
At least a sure relief PO that they gave him up.
Him and Gary Roberts.
Bad move there, John Ferguson Jr.
Your ass is fired.
Your ass is grass.
Plus, you got a schnauz.
Even jellies know they're that big.
John Ferguson Jr.
Just like Daddy used to play with Montreal Canadians.
Welcome to Hockey Talk.
That don't teach him a lesson or two.
Hockey Talk.
WQAM, hello.
Hi, Neil.
I'm not calling the nag.
You are calling the praise you.
Well, how do you like that?
That's what the Cesar, they told Cesar Salad, too.
You saved my life and I wanted to thank you.
How'd I do that?
Well, first I lost 13 pounds on balance for life.
Good.
In six weeks or so.
And then after I went off that, I decided to dream feel pasta.
And I've lost another five pounds.
Good.
And it's really great.
Excellent.
I'm very happy with your singing the praise is that it because I love pasta.
Yeah, me too.
I would say make pizza though, because that's my favorite thing in the world.
Well, I can't ever all of it.
But they got like all of them to shapes and sizes though.
Yeah, I got everything but the elbows because I haven't tried the macaroni and cheese yet.
I love macaroni and cheese too.
But next next week, I think we're going to do that.
I'm going to go give me some of that cheese and a jar that George was talking about, the cheese sauce.
It's so high in sodium though.
Yeah.
You'd be better off just using a little natural shredded cheddar or something.
Like I said, I'm going to get some good cheddar in the supermarket and shred it.
I'm not that crap in a jar.
Oh, thank you.
Okay, thanks.
Keep it up.
Happy Chivouus.
What are you talking about?
Cheese whiz?
No, it's not cheese whiz.
I can't even tell you because I've seen it on a show I've never bought it because I think it's very high.
Like she said in sodium and in cholesterol, really, you just loaded.
But it's like you get pasta sauce in a jar.
Well, they have cheese sauce like to make macaroni and cheese whiz, stuff like that.
And like I told George, why doesn't that have to be elbow macaroni?
Well, why can't you just have cheese sauce with spaghetti?
Where is it written?
Is it written in a good book that you have to have elbow macaroni if you use cheese sauce?
And if it's like tomato sauce, you use pasta?
Yeah, is it in red at the start?
Is it in Genesis?
Yeah.
Or is that where it says that he made the greater light to rule the day and the lesser light to rule the night?
And he made the stars also.
That's what they say in Dallas.
He made the stars also.
It's right around that.
What a bunch of...
Seriously, when I was...
I want to thank a dead man.
I don't remember what his first name was.
His last name was Batinsky.
He was a retired rabbi.
He was my tutor for my bar mitzvah when I was 13 years old.
And he lived on pinnacle hill road in Rochester.
And they used to sluck me over there and drop me off.
And I would spend an hour or two and he tutored me for my bar mitzvah,
which I was saying, I recited a baruch at the moment and whatever.
Very well, very nice.
They planted me on a henna.
They said to me, but anyway.
And he would tell me because he was a biblical scholar.
I mean, he knew this crap and he knew everything from Abraham and Solomon
and Moses to Abraham and Solomon and Mugsie Solomon.
And he told me one day he said, it's all bubble mice.
He said, it's all bullshit.
I said, oh, he said, oh, yeah, it's just all...
And he explained to me what all this crap was.
And this is a guy who was 87 years old.
87?
Yeah.
And I was 13 years old.
So between the two of us, we could live in sunrise.
We were 100.
And I thought to myself for about 10 seconds, yeah, I guess so you're right.
29 past noon at 5.60, but happy whatever you're celebrating today.
Pace off, good Friday, Shavuas, Ramadan, Ramadan, whatever, Shmiradon.
Being outdoors a lot in South Florida really need comfortable shoes.
So the only place we invited to go to is Brandy Shoes and Pompato Beach.
You've got to bring.
Brandy's curious major brands like Floreshine, Echo, Muffesto, Rockport,
Hushbuppies, New Balance, tons of other name brands and all sizes for men and women.
And they even carry wide wits and hard to find sizes.
And by the way, Joe Bell, let me just say this to you.
What you and I already discussed that before about my coming down here into one.
And the answer the first time was, see if you asked me a question once and I say no, don't ask again.
That's my last suggestion.
I want to totally know what I haven't changed my mind.
I'll let you know.
I'll send a messenger.
I'll put a message in a bottle.
I'll send it down like Ontario.
Brandy Shoes is the largest independent shoe retailer in all of South Florida.
When you see the selection, find you get a brandy's in the great service too.
You'll understand what I've been raving about them as the best shoe store in the world for years.
Go see everybody Arnie.
He'll guarantee you get the right fitting shoes and at the right price every time.
And unlike the department store where you have to wait and wait and somebody finally waits on you.
And you say, I think these are the shoes I like over here all forget about it.
We don't have those in your style.
You're crazy.
The only thing they do at Brandy's is shoes.
So you don't have to worry about getting the right size, selection service, whatever style you pick out, they got it.
And they'll slap it on your feet.
Brandy Shoes at 1290 North Federal Highway in Poppano Beach between Atlantic and Copies on the east side.
You can't miss it.
Open every day of the week too Monday through Saturday to line and every Sunday till 5.
And this week is a great time to buy SIS shoes at Brandy's save 20 to 40 bucks a pair on all great men's and women's SIS styles.
So be sure to get into Brandy's or do your shoe shopping right online at Brandy's Shoes.com.
This is Neil Rudder.
What's all it?
This is 5162 AF.
Thanks for our gassums.
I've baked four plates.
Good morning, Americans.
It's Paul Harvey.
Standby for news.
A man at a bar sees his friend at a table drinking by himself.
Approaching, he says, you look terrible.
Fred, what's the problem?
Fred says my mother died in August and left me $25,000.
His friend replied, gee, that's tough.
That in September, Fred said, my father died and left me $90,000.
His friend said, while two parents gone in two months, no wonder you're depressed.
Then Fred continued, and last month my aunt died and left me $50,000.
The friend said three close family members lost in three months, how sad.
Then this month Fred continued nothing.
No one died.
Paul Harvey.
Good day.
Good day.
From $35, $25 to $1.
We got Geldy coming by, too, before he's going to be squicking about those panthers into the fact that they squicked on Rover Time with an auto-wirl ice-9 after blowing lead with two seconds left.
They were like up to their old tricks again.
Blow the lead with two seconds left.
What kind of nonsense is that?
Let's take a poll to that.
Speaking of nonsense.
Yes?
We got something we need to resolve.
I guess we could just do it right here on the air.
Oh, let's do it.
You're audience loves that.
I got a paper that was written by George for your vacation time.
And they're a little confused when I say there I'm talking about Robert and the Beast because they're making schedules and such.
I have that you obviously you're off next week.
Are you telling me I'm not off next week?
Well, they weren't aware that you were.
They have May 1st to May 5th.
All know.
Is that correct?
That is not correct.
Okay.
My next vacation is in June.
June.
June.
June.
June.
And then July 31st.
Do we have to really go through this whole.
No, we didn't.
We just had a whole schedule on the air.
I guess why you're at it?
Why don't we give out my home phone number, my address, my shoe size.
Where I'm going to be having lunch today.
I just wanted to straighten this out because.
Because what?
We're a little confused.
He doesn't have that I'm on vacation next week on the schedule that were you trying to tell me?
No, because George typed up one wrong date basically.
Oh, in other words, Robert's tragedy of George's mistake.
Well, he has the sheet right here.
He gave me from George.
Who's that, Robert?
That's right.
I want to authorize you right now to smash him in the head.
Okay.
Robert, are you listening to me?
Not just one.
How come this thing won't move now?
Not just once.
Oh, this thing isn't working now.
Now all of a sudden the.
Yeah, it's times.
What else is going on here?
Oh, there it goes.
See, he's probably put a spell on my computer to now, Robert.
What does that have to do with Gildi being on every day?
See, I want to tell you the way.
I'm thinking of Gildi.
Yeah.
Curtis in for Goldie today.
Oh, thank God.
Oh!
Look at that.
That's something to see.
That makes up for what you just told me.
Not that it makes any difference.
Although it would be kind of bad if George came in next week and was sitting there expecting me to be here.
I'm not going to be on.
Curtis it too.
I mean, you know, not that Curtis is Mel Allen, but Curtis is a good job.
We all like him.
The audience likes him.
He did very well in that poll.
We took care of that day.
And so no Gildi today.
That's the audience is breathing a star.
Can't you hear it?
Oh!
Thanks God.
It must be an honor of the holidays today.
Poor G.
You know, Jesus died so that Gildi wouldn't be on today.
Not true.
That's why he went through that whole course of action things.
That's plus so Mel Gibson can make all that money.
That's why Jesus died on a cross.
What a horrible story, by the way.
You know, if you're going to make up a fairy tale, make up something a little more palatable than that.
I can't imagine why the world is so barbaric and all this violence.
No.
So let me say it again.
I will not be there next week.
How many times have I been saying that?
Are we going to be long-djourges on next week?
Haven't I been telling you that?
Well, with this, I know.
I just, you know, that's why I want to...
In addition to which, let me ask you this question.
Okay.
Why is it Robert Creeper's business?
I mean, you know, what does that have to do with him?
He be making the schedule these days.
Well, first of all, he hasn't got any business making the schedule.
He hasn't got any title there other than the fact that he's bunk-bucked,
but he's with our program director, Clarence.
And speaking of Clarence, let me just say to you right now,
I've said this before only today between the email from Clare Bell
and this Clarence business with Goliath on every day.
You know, Clarence is another one.
He's picking up right where his leader left off.
Whatever you say, he'll agree with it.
I spent an hour on the phone with him the other night,
and no matter what I said, I was right.
But I'm being pet-bucked over here.
Yeah, you're right.
Oh, what am I going to do?
And then he turns around and keeps doing the same
aberrant, unacceptable things over and over again,
just like with Joe Bell.
Same thing.
They'll agree with everything you say,
and then they'll like stab you just like Brutus and Julius Caesar.
And, well, guess what?
I ain't no Julius Caesar.
How do I do like an Iced Caesar salad occasionally?
So, screw it.
And as far as they hear on next week,
you're supposed to treat them with professionalism and respect.
Well, I was supposed to treat them with contempt
and this may is that we just said,
I'm already doing that.
No, I like to beast.
I don't have any problem with him.
I mean, he can be annoying.
He can be a little overburied over the top.
But he's the one behind all this.
What behind what?
The whole schedule in Fiasco.
The beast made the schedule.
I thought you just said Robert,
would you make up your mind?
Who are you going to blame now?
You're blaming Grieper.
No, no.
Josh just told me it was Grieper.
Grieper brought it into me,
and they're both, it's a tag team.
Oh, it's a tag team.
Is that why the beast comes in every morning,
and Rips Grieper and asks behind his back,
because he's a phony baloney,
which you already know that,
and runs around the building,
stabbing everybody in the back.
See, when I stab, it's right to your face.
Well, I stab.
I don't like going around playing games
behind people's back.
I'd tell you right to your face and on the air, okay?
The Robert Grieper is an imbecile.
And by the way, it's pace off, baby,
and he's still going around causing trouble.
He's still stirring it up.
I hope that somebody,
I hope somebody put bacon in his matza.
Somebody slipped a little slice of bacon
and his matza,
the gifilse face sandwich.
Well, those matza crackers are really yummy.
No, they're not.
No, they're not.
They taste just like they look like cardboard.
There are two Jew foods.
One of them is halavah.
Even the chocolate flavored halavah,
it still tastes like cardboard.
It's got that texture, that consistency.
And matza is like stale crackers.
Stale, what kind of crackers?
I haven't had those in years.
Oh, saltines?
Yeah, exactly.
Very good.
And the Biscoe Saltean Crackers.
Stale crackers are a matza.
So what I would do if I were you,
is I would replace the matza out there
with some saltine crackers.
Go over to Walgreens,
get some saltines and put them out there.
And then all those are like,
you're a sarner.
They think they're eating a matza?
They're going to go to hell.
Ha ha ha ha!
Gotcha, Gary.
Pay back as the bitch isn't a sweetheart.
But you can take some of that Santax 75.
It'll make you go right away.
Well, I can tell you, Gary Sarner's story is,
I can make the hair grow in your elbows.
Just unbelievable.
1241 at 560 W.
I think what we ought to do is just have war on the everyday.
I'm going to have more and more bedtime story.
And maybe not even any phone calls him.
Let's just go to war, you know?
People love war.
Remember when the Godfather went to the mattresses?
Remember that?
Right.
Remember they were driving around
and where the hell it was looking for a good place
when a war was going to start.
When they had to go to the mattresses.
Remember that in Clemensig?
It says, oh, I got to take a leak.
Remember that?
Yes.
And there was Polly was in the car, you know?
Because Clemensig got out of the car.
How about that can only go?
Yeah.
That's the ones he sold out to the old man, Polly.
And Clemensig says, oh, Polly, you don't see him anymore.
All right.
1242 at QM, your Godfather intensive station
with lightning quick speeds, the latest features and security.
Comcast high speed internet leaves DSL in the dust.
And today you can get on board for just 9.95 a month for two months.
With an always on connection speed of 6 megabytes,
Comcast high speed internet is up to four times faster than DSL-1.
Five it up to 100 times faster than dial up.
Whether you're downloading music, watching streaming, video playing online games,
or just surfing your favorite sites, Comcast Reliable Fast Connection means
you're going to be flying through the internet with the greatest of ease.
Just like Tinkrabale.
Plus when you sign up for Comcast high speed internet,
you get instant access to a lot of free features like the fan, video mail,
Comcast, Rhapsody Radio Plus, and up to seven personal email accounts just to name a few.
Not only that, but on top of all of this, you also get macafee security tools included.
Students be assured your internet experience is always safe and secure.
All of these things.
So what do you wait and for?
Start doing more faster than you ever could be for,
and you wonder how you ever managed to get along without it.
Sign up for Comcast high speed internet today for just 9.95 a month for two months.
And they call 305 Comcast and enbroured 954 Comcast.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62.8.
What should they do?
Do I need no budget?
Start by, start by,
another ever status from your price.
Why did he ask that guys?
What the hell did we do?
You keep saying, why do we all hate me?
You can't do for sure who knows she's a booty.
Who knows she's a booty?
Living a Christian right, a Luther right.
Who knows she's a booty?
Who knows she's a booty?
A precious booty.
Here's our sacrifice,
through our home to a wave.
Stop with all this madness,
and give us back who say,
who should they booty?
Who should they booty?
A whole wave,
hate you, a whole wave,
you went crazy.
Who should they booty?
A passion booty.
Watching our market,
our economy, our economy.
Comcast 48.5.6.2.
1184 votes on a poll.
We're going to make 1,300 today on a poll during the show.
I think that is just revolutionary, don't you?
It is.
That's the kind of thing we care about.
We want to know if there's a response to what we're doing.
Now, what if somebody's going out and buying some stupid LCD?
Now, here's good news for George,
and that is I just looked in my little day planner,
my little book.
And originally, I had the schedule
like the end of April,
like the first week of May,
and then I changed it.
So maybe I didn't tell them.
Maybe I forgot.
Or maybe he forgot.
Or whatever.
Although I don't really see that it's a major catastrophe.
You know, a catastrophe.
Other than somebody has a egg on their face
because they made up the schedule and saw wrong.
Oh no, it's a huge catastrophe.
Is it really?
And why is that?
Maybe you can explain that to me.
Well, it feels like it's a sales thing.
Yeah, it's a sales thing.
Maybe there's some new account starting.
So it's just a big disaster right now.
Yeah, let me ask you seriously.
Yes.
What time is your show start?
There's some new account starting.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, apparently it's just a little deeper than, you know,
it being resolved with.
Oh, I got me before.
It's getting really deep.
I just rolled my pant legs up.
And I actually do have my clothes on.
That's how anxious I am to get out of here at 2 o'clock.
I can't even begin to send you.
Yeah, I'll be on vacation next week.
Let me say it again.
Real out, okay?
Because even when there wasn't a change of schedule,
in the past, I would give George the information.
He would pass it along the scurrain.
And the whole sales department would be like in the dark.
Oh, he knew there were occasions.
You know what I'm waiting for about that?
We've got to change some spots around.
We know about that.
Remember that Miguel?
Miguel can tell you.
Sure, but that's the problem.
See, all the sales people think that you're going to be here next week.
That's why, you know, the Ruckus is going on.
All the sales people.
That's right.
And how many is that constitute?
About 30, man.
Right.
All the sales people, I guess what?
I am not.
And never have got to be.
Been.
Will not.
And I mean, if you think I'm changing my vacation,
you're dreaming, okay?
If there's anybody in the building who believes that,
they should divest themselves with that fantasy right now.
The reason I did change it is because, like the first week in May
and then the middle of June is like,
I thought it was a little too close together.
I'd like to, like, when in doubt space it out?
Right.
Speaking of space it out, you better do that with your cash too,
because here's this article in the hero that says gasoline prices are
nearing $3 a gallon in South Florida and the really bad news.
With the peak summer driving season and hurricane season approaching,
experts fear that today's high prices might look almost like a bargain later on this year.
What a bargain.
Thank you, Mr. President, for those low-gas prices.
The price for a gallon of regular mime is already stored in the average of $0.41 over the past month to $2.83 a gallon.
And the triple-acism-brow in the average prices of $0.42 to $2.81.
It's outrageous.
Said retiree, now Luski, looks at Luski.
As he filled up his car to Citroe gas station in the corner of 37th Avenue,
Southwest A3, somebody's making a lot of money, it's not me.
Luski said he hasn't had to cut extra expenses because of high gas prices,
but he thinks most people might have.
There's a lot of people who've had to change their habits because they can't afford gas, he said.
And we expect them to buy, see, this is part of the problem now.
The economy's not good, Claire Bell.
Maybe you're running around honking, you're honking there, but the fact of the matter is,
a lot of people are falling on very hard times.
Moui D'Fisi, okay?
Because they got Wilma and a lot of people had to pay that out of their own pocket.
All the expenses put their life back together again.
And then we got the gas prices.
And you put this together.
And you've got Sirus, baby.
So instead trying to bleed blood out of a rock, which is like what you're trying to do with me.
And I will be on vacation next week, but I'll be sure and tell George about it.
When you called George about whatever that was, James, be sure and mention that too.
Okay.
About the stories online.
Right.
That's what it was about.
Are you telling me that George doesn't know I'm not going to, well, he probably doesn't.
Well, surprise.
See, maybe a few years in time, because I know he does a lot of homework when he's going to be doing the show.
And he works very hard on those pools too.
Guy Caruso, boy, could he've dealt one out or what?
Head of the Energy Department's statistical agency said prices at the pump are likely to increase,
at least another, at least another 15 cents in the gallon, because the Saudis are visiting Moussa Brie for Pesau.
Crude Oro, I don't even know about that.
70 bucks a barrel now.
And they said that if we do attack Iran, that oil could go up to as high as $200 a barrel.
That's like about triple what it is now.
So you figured out if it's $3 a gallon at these prices, at 70 bucks a barrel,
at $200 a barrel, we're good like, yeah, it bucks a gallon.
You could afford that, couldn't you? Like, at least to one a gallon.
Just stay close to home.
In fact, you guys could probably move right in next door there, that old folks home.
What is the name of that place? Do we ever ever forget that out?
No.
It's kind of like Winmore and Cemetery Village.
Right next to the radio station, there's an old Farts Home in there.
I'll probably be in there one day, like, you know, with my Walker.
I want wheels on my Walker.
Right out over here.
Oh, I want the wheels on my Walker.
I like those. Those are really nifty.
You better not talk like that, Mr. one of these days, you're going to be sitting there with a colostomy bag.
Oh, I got it mine right here now.
And it's reasonable, but the other end.
Huh? And the penance balls on the other end?
No, that's on your antenna. That's on your car antenna.
Oh, they got them on the Walker's too.
Do they really?
Yeah. Well, I haven't seen those.
Although I did see a very lovely one, I would buy them the other day.
It was lady Heather, all these different decorations and chachis on it.
It was really light. It was like a designer Walker. It was beautiful.
She had some flair on her Walker.
She had some really flair in the year, but I think that was from the bag.
5, 6, 7, come on. Let's take a bunch of calls here.
Wake up, you bastard. My God. What a place.
Just death is in the air.
Remember that song Loves in the Year? Was that Paul McCartney?
Paul Young.
You did that, huh?
Paul Young.
Paul Young did Loves in the Year?
Loves in the Air.
No, no, no, no.
I thought there was a Paul McCartney did that.
No wings or one of those, huh?
Paul Young.
I know that one.
I have it on vinyl.
Loves in the Year, my ass.
Stop.
Brought you right to a halt right there.
That was good.
Boy, talk about a screeching halt.
Let me look at my book here and see.
It says, look in your good book there.
The good book says, Love I Lost by Harold Moulvin in the Blue Notes.
Love is by Vanessa Williams and Brian McKnight.
And by Atlanta Miles.
Love is a battlefield.
Love is a whole gold or me.
Love is, boy, love is a whole bunch of things.
Here it is, John Paul Young, and I told you.
July 78.
Love is like a baseball game by the intruders.
60, and I've heard that.
Not if you're a Marlon fan.
It's more like hate is like a baseball game.
We hate it.
We hate.
Of course, even if they were good, they would still hate.
Oh, here they are picking on poor Barry Bonzi.
And when they got over, get off of that.
It's not that poor stripper there at the Duke in the For La Cross team.
It's for Barry Bonzi.
It's Falco scandal.
It's just that Barry Bonzi is such a preeminent athlete in the game today that he's under scrutiny.
But if you look around the game of baseball, Raphael Palmero, who was suspended last year, couldn't get a job.
Sammy Sosa couldn't get a job.
And Mark McWarrid today seems ashamed to come out in public.
So Barry Bonzi is hardly the only one singled out by the...
Now, we just don't like him.
Oh, and speaking of people, we know like little Barry Jackass with his below me sandwich over at the Harold says.
But he's specializing in below me today.
He's reviewing the sports cast on the Big Four.
467 and 10.
And he says WFOR Channel 4 from a town standpoint stands up, stacks up against his competitors with personable Jim Barry.
Oh, Jim Barry, personable my ass.
He's a silly person.
Who might be the best in the market at concisely overseeing panel discussion, Kim Boacamp, who's developed in a very capable anchor, Andy Adiati.
Let's see.
And then the major problem during rating sweeps, they don't devote enough time to sports on the 11 p.m. show.
The Sunday night show, we are on OK Channel 6.
It says give Rose a credit. That's old...
What's his name?
Joe.
I understand that.
I'm just... what we used to call him?
Big dog.
No, not dad.
His head. What we used to call him on his head.
Whatever we call him.
Whatever. Who cares?
Old giant head.
He's become considerably more polished as an anchor over here.
Oh, Joe is a good guy. We not polished.
He's still like a little bit of a dullard.
Extra points for consistent coverage to you, MSPOR.
It's an area where Channel 10 is itself.
And the Adiati I didn't see too much about that.
Adam Cooperstein.
Oh, geez.
Guy Rawlings.
Isn't his skill is very Steve Shapiro or Jimmy Sipilis.
Oh, hey Jimmy.
You fairy.
Channel 7, although he has been less open about discussing his clients' negotiation during the
save an area agent Drew Rosenhaus is given WSB in an edge.
Oh yeah. Everybody likes Drew Rosenhaus not.
And then he says Jimmy Sipilis remains to lead anchor on 10, but will reduce his duties to
two nights a week this fall.
Will Manso and John Henry Smith and Alex Loeb, and then talks about the Sunday show is
since mostly.
Here we go, mostly.
Oh, right.
The show misses the wit and candor of Jim Mandage who left WPLG one and a half years ago
into the spit over a beer sponsor.
They told him that they don't want him drinking a certain kind of beer off the ear.
And he said, Yamama, he told him where to stick it.
Nice call on that dog.
Oh, right.
Our recommendation says little burry as he was eating his peanut butter and jelly sandwich
with bacon.
Reconcile with Mandage.
Gravel if you must show more highlights of local teams games.
Shorten the face-off segment.
Limit it, wills thrills, and add some live guessing creative features once in a while as
various programming channel 10.
And Mandage by the way, burry says he hopes Yamama poisons your baloney sandwich.
This is Neil Roger.
A rat is 5.60 Q.A.
No, this is on it.
This is not a tumor.
It's the one to two hour.
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to dom a people killed with the cast that we
sold him.
First time a crescent nation and the only one that's growing now more blood will be spilled
to get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea.
The nooks there to tome.
The right wing is drilling it over and over it to our head.
That iraq has some weapons of past destruction.
3,000 people killed.
Our now forgot let's exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil to be cut into an after-set time to play Kato Sama.
There's no longer mention of the name in London, but no one seems concerned of the uncomplacit.
The leaving every word of this cartel administration that controls us by fear through the A.M.
The right wing is drilling it over and over it to our head.
That iraq has some weapons of past destruction.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now, not the ash crop is saying.
I have nothing to hide.
Tables, partners, all are saying.
I know that the Indian cattle don't have any reservations.
That would have provoked battle and world annihilation.
Older jeans must fall and have a virgin and scope with no objection at all.
That would crack, don't have the balls and the right wing is drilling it over and over.
It's an after-set time to play Kato Sama.
That's a good advice for you, Dr. Kato.
You're a good person.
I'm a good person.
That's why I'm confused about my chai-sendates.
He may be a good guy, but he needs some English assistance.
You know what I think 1210 was?
1210 was WGV in Geneva.
Great.
You didn't ever live up in the Northeast.
We're getting all the 50,000 power houses.
W.O. and 4-way in Indiana.
W.H.A. and Rochester.
1180 was a horrible station and still is.
That's Rochester.
We're seeing town.
1170 is WVN Wheeling West Virginia.
There used to be on the Pirates Radio Network.
And what KDK would fade out, you'd have to dial over a little bit.
And there would be WWVA Wheeling West Virginia.
That's exciting.
That's back when AM radio was like an impact when people actually listened to it.
When I went off to college at Michigan State, I had my little Philco transistor radio man.
That thing was as hard as a brick.
Rock solid.
Drop it and nothing would happen to it.
Well, that's because it was like head transistors.
I mean, today, who the hell has that?
They got iPods and U-Pod and MyPod.
But back in the day, everybody had like a little transistor sister.
And a nighttime WABC would come booming in from New York.
WLS from Chicago.
WCFL.
1000 other day.
What a frequency man.
1000 right there in the middle of the AM dial.
And now AM is like, it's like a sewer.
It's like a septic tank on your radio.
And the signals are like that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
But we're on HD man.
And as soon as people start owning HD radios, then we're going to really kick ass.
Then we're going to surprise those batches across the street and down the street and down the road.
Yeah, just wait.
You just wait, man, till everybody in South Florida has gotten an HD radio.
And Joe Bell says, if you promise to buy one of our CD's or T-shirts,
he'll give you a radio HD.
And nobody said?
Yeah, that was it.
Oh, God.
What a clown.
WQAM, hello.
He'll pay, guys.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I just want to thank you for putting a loose change out there for everybody to watch.
Trying to get a taste of what's really going on.
Yeah.
It should show the important that people watch that.
And anybody out there listening to that has the scene.
You guys want another truth?
There's the truth.
It's a dramatic thing.
If you want to go to fantasy, lame.
Just like these tapes they heard the other day.
And the guy says, Rollard, he was talking about the food cart.
They were using the food cart to try to break through the cockpits and take control of the plane back.
And all this crap going, oh, let's roll.
Yeah, I mean, right now.
I want to begin.
Oh, my God.
They lied about everything.
Did they make in movies about it?
You know, I just found my car on the road and found the guy with a push to drive his car.
But I don't do it.
But when I'm calling, I know this is just a curse in some sense.
But I know what it's like to get a bunch of bumper stickers that say,
if you have a truth, www.go right to that link.
Maybe I should wake up a few people.
Yeah.
You know, I try to wake up five or six people a day.
I sent him to your study.
I tell him where to go.
And believe it or not, I get phone calls back to these people.
Thank you.
I had no idea.
If anybody out there, you know the truth.
And you actually give a crap.
Try to wake some people up and send them there to see this.
All right.
It's a email.
I want to thank you for filling.
All right, bye.
I've got to watch Lewis change on our website.
And of course, if you had a brain in you, people were really scared.
Which we can't verify that everything under his 100% true.
Maybe not of it is but.
And then of course today, Doug Thompson, really let's be done bad.
I didn't even send you the column.
Where he's debunking all the 9-11 conspiracy theorists.
Yeah, he's really on that bad way.
And for a guy that's as negative about the government and has been harassed by them as much as he has,
he sure as hell is awful easy in terms of taking whatever they say for granted as the truth at face value.
I mean, even there.
Oh, I remember all those months.
Let's roll.
You know, the user guy like his the poster child for great courage and yada yada.
And when we went into a rack, let's roll.
Yeah.
And he never said that.
Somebody was talking about the food card.
It's like he would have been like if the beef was on the plane.
He would have said, where are the rolls, you know.
Is nobody would have said?
Yeah.
Where are the rolls?
What are the little cow, man?
Can you believe he's actually getting married to like a real female?
It took me a while to believe that.
Have you guys actually seen this person?
Yeah.
And she's not real.
She's not makefully fat.
No.
She's not fat?
What?
I'm considered fat.
Oh, come on.
See, you know, I might have been wasting my time.
You're not going to be honest answer.
No.
This is about being Mr. Diplomatic.
Why not just going to be honest answer?
There's nothing wrong with being fat.
I'm fat.
Okay?
Is she fat?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60, 05, 60, and the Verizon Singular wireless line.
Boy, you're brutal.
Somebody QAM hell, I know.
See, that proves that there was a, Miguel was the one behind the thing.
Oh, hey, email.
Yes, it does.
Proves to me.
QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, what's happening?
How you doing, sir?
I need to know what page of my book do I charge it so I can cleanse my radio for a past
paysock.
First you have to get out the good book and then get out a good match.
Have a good one, Neil.
As a matter of fact, you'll make good reading material when you're on the throne because that's a good place to deposit it.
Remember that thing?
It's getmo, they were all bent out of shape, the rag heads.
Oh, they were doubling the Quran in the toilet.
Well, you know something you should take all those holy books and flush them all down the toilet.
Yeah, they should.
Now, the good book says, yeah, the good book says, kill everybody and stone your kids to that other than that.
See, I have no problem with crazy people believing whatever they want.
Just leave me out of it.
That's all I ask because that's so much to ask.
Just leave us out of it.
Those of us who don't want to participate.
Oh, no, we can't do that.
We have to save you.
We have to save you.
So when that armor again comes, just leave me out.
I noticed that I got next week's, next year, six, of course, next year.
He's looking at forehead, six weeks and that August week.
So next year, I got seven weeks vacation.
So I think next year you'd be right.
Like every other week, I'll be on vacation.
And of course, by next year, Joe Bell will be like with Erosmith.
He'll be on permanent vacation.
Who do you think they're going to bring in and replace him pretty soon?
Think about it during the break.
Come on, it's after one at five, 60, 70, QAM.
Am I doing Curtis for Gellie?
Well, not really for Gellie, but Curtis in place of Gellie for nobody.
And they two to four rolling slot.
That kind of strange.
You can't say he's filling in for Gellie because it's not the Gellie show.
He's filling the hole for Gellie Curtis.
Oh, and now, wait a minute.
We got a new schedule.
Oh, we got a new schedule now.
And it says George is on.
Look at are these guys doing it or what?
Right.
Get yourself that revised schedule.
All right.
And you know something I'm going to tear the whole thing up because I know we'd be here because I'm not going to be here anyway.
Exactly.
There is to be Vice QAM schedule.
If you want to get a hold of it, and by the way, Josh in the next break,
so you can give me my list of all my vacations in the next two years.
That's good.
Be sure and tell him where I'm going.
The flight number is all of these other things.
The seat number to make sure that I can be close to them and confabulate with them on the plane.
All right.
And sign that CD.
And sign a CD and your, uh, Neil, uh, best of 30 T-shirt.
About 30, man.
Whatever the hell it is.
I think if Tom Jicke would have wrote a piece about it in the paper,
so I think if, uh,
Duffins that are going to Kevin Baxter for that article, they'd have gone to Tom Jicke.
Because all of our audiences in Broward, nobody reads the hero of this thing.
So I appreciate Kevin Baxter.
That was a nice piece, so to speak.
And the article went bad either.
But if he would have gotten over to Tom Jicke, you know,
then maybe we'd have gotten a little coverage or something.
But Jicke, of course, he's playing hardball and hard ass.
He didn't want to.
No, he, of course, he didn't want to.
Wow.
You know that?
Well, I sent them info on it.
You did?
Yeah.
And what did he say?
I didn't get a reply.
Yeah, of course not.
Because he's playing hardball.
Because I mentioned the fact every day that all he writes about is tough pieces about all that it works shows.
He writes nothing about local, you know?
And that's because he's a loser.
He's lazy and he's a loser.
You're a loser, Tommy.
Don't take it personally unless you want to.
But you're lazy.
Just like when I told you about the right article about Dick Casper and the local radio.
And that would have required a little bit of work on your part.
You're taking a study question.
Yeah, and you wouldn't do it.
The Emerald Coast is for it is number one Asian gourmet buffet is rated by Zagat restaurant review.
And however you've provided to us something that you can enjoy lobster fest featuring main lobster thermometer.
And every night at the Emerald Coast is crab fest with less than snow crab legs.
Dungeon is crab and Jonas stone crabs.
The menu still includes fresh oysters on a half-cell in a sushi bar with over 30.
Count about 30 men.
We're 30 different items staring right back at you.
The Emerald Coast also serves juicy delicious New York steaks cooked to your order.
A hand card, a cane car prime rib.
I'm so tongue-tied by it.
I'm ready for lunch.
And on the weekends for dessertly room for the Emerald Coast famous 40-inch chocolate fountain.
Hand up your own strawberry.
As marshmallows other deconent treats as well.
I bet you can go in there and have a good pacidic emeals matter of fact.
Right?
You don't have to have like a cheeseburger with the Emerald Coast.
Check out their new auditory.
In fact, you notice one thing about the Asians.
They don't eat cheese.
Have you ever noticed that?
I mean, I'm not saying they don't eat it.
But you've ever seen like a Chinese or Japanese restaurant anything with cheese?
I can't say that I have.
I probably could have asked you with a moukow.
Check out their all new you can eat sushi bar featuring sashimi tuna tataki over 20 different types of sushi rolls and much more.
The Emerald Coast three convenient locations.
A great place to pick out this holiday weekend and get saved by the Lord.
They're in sunrise, sending out beats in Pember of Fines.
Reservations suggested for the Emerald Coast call 954-572-3822.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62-8.
Rock solid.
Florida, Ireland.
On March.
Premium by 60WC.
Who's on like a moron?
Isn't that every time you see it?
Is the way God wants it to be?
He wants to take a city and cover it in the streets.
Remaking can.
Remaking can.
Remaking can.
Remaking can.
Remaking can.
Cause he wants to make new or least peace move.
And I can't work people as slaves.
He's like a sys Jackson.
We as black people.
His comments are bizarre.
Surely God is mad.
He compares the locals to a willy walk-a-ball chocolate.
Remaking can.
Remaking can.
Cause he wants to make new or least peace move.
This time for us to come together.
This time for us to rebuild a new world as the one that should be.
A town all the way ever they all.
This city will be chocolate.
A chocolate new horse.
He never takes the blame.
For anything he says.
Chocolate.
That's the end of the day.
That chocolate and some coffee and a blue-up wine for theirs.
Remaking can.
Remaking can.
No, I can't.
Remaking can.
Cause he wants to make new or least peace move.
You can't have new or least no other way.
It wasn't made to work.
This one made to save.
I think I misspoke.
1240 was WGV in New York.
1210 was definitely WCAU.
Go cook these people.
We have to get this right.
We have 237 vote on the poll.
We can't handle Iraq to 09.
Blow them off the map.
All them schmata heads.
No more killing.
No more lies.
118.
I know those weapons must be here somewhere.
There's snappy dressers 38.
They are the threat to us 38.
I hate this poll only 8.
Solomite de Orcho.
That's amazing.
That is shocking only 8.
And you want to know why.
I think the products are in church.
Big info for forgiveness today.
Have you noticed?
Maybe I'm probably Miguel Hasen, but I'm actually Josh has noticed it.
It's 20 after 1 already.
I don't want to give myself a canary and count my chickens before they lay the big one.
Have you noticed the absence today?
I'm really handsome.
Maybe it's all talking about it.
You're ruining it.
You know what I'm saying though.
I know what you're saying.
I'm a little surprised.
And it's Friday.
Wow.
Maybe it's going to be a good weekend.
I'm sure it'll be a good weekend.
I'm sure I'm going to find several good machines at the year.
Because you know tomorrow.
You got lucky the other day.
You probably will have a bad weekend.
But I'm not going there.
I'm going to do an agra.
There's plenty of machines there.
I've got 3,000 machines.
They've got a big sports book and they've got all the table games.
They've got all anything you could want.
And speaking of anything you want, boys.
It should be called Fallsview Casino and Meat Market.
Is everybody ready?
Oh.
Oh.
You know they talk about honeymoon couples go to an agra falls.
I don't think most of those young people are honeymoon couples.
But whatever they are.
They are really something else.
It's not exactly like being in high alia.
21 past 1 at 560 W.
We show them our Curtis Stevenson at 2.
No, no relation to Adelaide.
But at least he ain't no Gellie.
Not quite that squeaky.
He's going to be on 2 to 4.
Mad Dog at Finnegan's way on South Beach at 4.
6.30 at the Robert Telegraph show from Doris Market in Pemberg Pines.
What a memory.
With Robert Telegraph.
By the way, thanks to the Panthers for studying Jamie McClendon against Lisa.
And I think the Long live the bad shoulder.
And also thanks for playing no defense.
That helped.
Marlins on Deck at 7 o'clock tonight because Marlins begin a very, very crucial,
a big, movie-important weekend series against the Red Hot Washington Nationals.
Because the nationals won any games yet?
Yeah.
But what's their record?
I mean, I don't know.
Marlins are 10 or 6.
I mean, they won a game or 2.
I mean, they suck.
So come on for a big suck fest this weekend.
Marlins on the Washington Nets.
Team time at 9.35.
And he came to the ballgame.
He's back from all of his plunge in his gutsa.
Shame on you, Eddie.
He's probably back for peace out.
WNQYM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
That's the meal.
Speaking.
The Elijah's third time.
Yes.
It's 24 years.
All right.
Once every year, that's about right?
That's pretty good, right?
Yeah.
Last time I gave you a burden to me.
Anyway, I'm so great.
He's good.
I'm fine.
I'm not the very good.
Right.
He's a little bit botched.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Welcome forward to it.
Hold on, I'll tell you.
All right.
You're right about.
You remember?
What is it?
Refrigerator Bob.
Oh, yeah, sure.
Of course.
Is that you?
He's a good friend of mine.
Yeah, he brought us several refrigerators still sitting in the QM studio right there where these guys are sitting there.
They're asked right now.
Right.
Right.
Right.
So it's a matter.
Well, thank you.
Tom, Tom, thanks again for us.
All right.
Thanks, Tom.
Good luck to you.
100 guts out.
Okay.
I'll call somebody.
Years.
Refrigerator Bob.
We see a little mini fridge that's sitting there.
And of course, the microwitz in on top of it.
Yep.
Brought to us by listeners at IOD.
We still use that both of them often.
No, just about every day.
Just like it was my favorite wave oven.
And what about your bench?
That we slept over there.
Oh, the one in the house you mean.
Oh, yeah.
And that thing is in a different category.
That's some guy made a big bench with like a lid on it and you open it up and there's all kinds of...
I got light bulbs in it.
I got all of a...
Somebody also sent me a whole bunch of light bulbs.
Do you fit in it?
Yeah, in fact, that's going to be my casket.
That's why I'm eating that low-carb pasta now so I can get down, slim it up to use that as a casket.
Cheap funeral, you know, because I got all those wave robbing friends that want to have all the money left to them.
From 146 votes, see if George were there, he would like to jump right on it.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
He really is a hard ass.
He just brutal.
5, 6, 7, all of a sudden, before we do that though, this...
I got to...
I meant just mention in passing, the commander who led the elite 82nd Airborne Division during his mission in Iraq has joined the course of retired generals calling on defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld to leave the Pentagon.
Leave now, Donnie, Hermann during junior, and take your...
Amstrak.
With you.
By the way, how are they doing on that?
Do they have any more persons of interest in that anthrax deal?
I don't think so.
Oh.
That's how we're just supposed to forget about these things.
What anthrax?
Do we know anthrax thing?
I really believe we needed a new secretary of defense because secretary Rumsfeld carries way too much baggage with him.
Retired Major General Charles Swannock told Barbara Star on CNN yesterday.
You know, Barbara Star, the guy that pretends to be a chick with the black glasses?
That's a guy.
He's definitely got a f***.
Swannock is the second general who served in Iraq under Rumsfeld to call from the resign.
Retired Major General John Bastiste.
What if he's kind of a gay Baptist?
Who led the first infantry division in Iraq in 2004, 2005 called for Rumsfeld's resignation during an interview Wednesday on CNN.
He also suggested other changes among the top brass of the Pentagon.
I think we need senior military leaders to understand the principles of war and apply them ruthlessly and when the time comes they need to call it like it is he told CNN and then.
They certainly not see network.
Former US Central Command Chief Anthony Zinney, former Army Major General Paul Eaton and retired Marine Corps Lieutenant General Gregory Newbold also have said retire to a Rumsfeld.
But he ain't going anywhere.
Swannock is critical of Rumsfeld's management style.
Specifically, I feel he's mismised, micro-managed in generals or leading our forces.
And I believe he has culpability associated with the Abu Gharr prison scandal and so rather than emitting these mistakes he continually justifies them to the press and that really disallows him from moving our strategy forward.
Swannock who served more than 30 years.
The Army said part of the problem that the Pentagon has Rumsfeld's system of froning seniority and it goes on and on.
When a doubt they want his ass out kick his ass out.
Hermann Gehring smart ass.
Eddie holds those press conferences there those briefings into the media said they make all the little funnys back and forth.
Everything is real funny and all these people are dying.
All these people walking around or just stumbling around with no limbs, no legs, no arms, no eyes, no brain in his case.
And I mean he was just like when Bush did that thing at the immediate press court dinner.
Was it last year? I think it was last year.
He should have been, he should have been peaked just for that.
I don't see any weapons over here and then he goes across.
I don't see any over here and they're all, yeah, very funny.
Tell that to the parents of all those dead kids.
Very amusing.
Twenty anti-publicists have worried about you know very bonds and about the, you know, the Duke, Duke lacrosche team.
And why? Because the media, I told you this during the alien days, that wasn't anybody's business.
It was a private child custody case.
There wasn't any reason anybody had to stick their big nose into it, including Rommel and Saul Sanchez.
God.
So anyway, I bet you Miguel would know how Maris Cuisius is doing what she's doing.
I still don't know.
Well, you better, that's your assignment.
Yeah, I'll go find out.
After you stop bugging Joe Bell about these CDs, find out about Maris Cuisius.
Hey, here's a silly question.
Have you tried to peep in pasta? John the Baker's wealthy.
Have any tasted all the answers? Obviously, yes. You know how great it is.
John the Baker, the best Italian restaurant this side of the university drive.
And now two great locations for you.
Two great locations. Remember Dick Rowe shortstop, Pittsburgh, Paris, 1960.
Brand new in the Sterling town center. Sterling Rowe just west of Pine Island Cooper City.
And the classic John the Baker in Pepper Pine, just west of Flamengo in the Home Depot center.
I'm Pine's Boulevard. The food is sensational.
The portions are gigantic and everything is cooked fresh just the way you love it.
Plus with John the Baker's low, low prices, you can take the whole family for lunch at dinner and stay.
Well, within your budget too. When you go into John the Baker,
Duff wants you pleased to ask for the Neil Deal.
It's unbeatable.
Large 16-inch pizza pizza.
Half a dozen garlic rolls and two fountain coats for only 14, 75.
By the way, Miguel, Josh said something on the ears today.
Take out or die in tonight call 9-5-4, 4-3-1-4-3-15 in Pember Pines or in Cooper City call 9-5-4-25-2-0091.
Some of the best pizza you've had in a long time.
Pasta Veal, chicken parmesan, sausage and peppers.
All your favorite subs all waiting for you. You can't believe it.
At John the Baker.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5-16-Q-A-M.
Try the you bastard.
If anybody has a opinion,
dissenting from our way,
then place your name into the system
and tell me of the state.
Don't even bother to question.
Just follow and don't say.
Everybody's finding bad news.
As a USA.
In the answer, please read down.
You're watching all of you.
Everyone got a suspicion.
So what can you do?
This has been for generations.
And all you might learn.
In most other nations.
That's as USA.
You gotta hate those truths.
And twins and giveaway roads too.
Believe everything we tell you.
Let's do it.
And the state will run new.
Blood water for cornbread.
We love your escondes.
A roof and tiny bush venue.
Faces USA.
We don't mind to see our jobs go.
A bad economy's good.
We're fascinated by chains.
We don't read no stupid books.
All the hour is through seeing.
The facts of paradise can wait.
And everybody's turning back.
That's just USA.
134 Curtis Stevenson standing by.
He's gonna be talking.
He's gonna be doing a hockey talk.
And Marlon's too.
And over here about five.
Here's a story we're gonna like.
Far from the bright lights of Broadway.
A drama of a different story is playing out.
A New York City.
Cast the characters including animals, rescuers and self-described cat therapist.
They continued their efforts today.
Lurin, 11-year-old, oh, and 11-month-old, excuse me.
Black cat named Molly out from the herds of the building.
Where she's been trapped for nearly two weeks.
Here Molly.
The activity was centered at the basement wall and ceiling of a Greenwich village
Delecateson where Molly had been official house-master until wandering into a narrow space between walls and becoming lost in a rescue supervisor.
Mike Pastore described as a maze of beams and pipes going every which way.
Every which way but loose.
Rescue efforts resumed about 830 this morning said, Pastore, we're still drilling holes but so far, nada.
I don't tell you something to sell an update on this because that would make this story obsolete.
No, I saw them searching this morning.
They're still searching.
With city building officials on hand to supervise, more bricks were hammered out on the cellar of the 157-year-old four-story building on Hudson Street.
The NFS is part of a landmark historic district where alterations are prohibited without official permission.
Yesterday, Pastore said he hoped Molly's situation would be seen as enough of an emergency so we could knock out a few more bricks.
Just like they did in the sales department in October.
The landmarks commissioned told restrooms they should do whatever is necessary to recover the cat.
Agency spokeswoman Diane Jackieyer said,
In another move, two kittens were brought to the scene in a carry-on cage and hopes that they're mewing my trigger Molly's maternal instincts enough to draw her out.
Pastore, you feel director for animal care and control, a private organization with a city contract to handle lost injured non-modern animals, said the rescue was the most difficult in this experience.
Oh, they really ought to buy our CD now just not a r of Molly, shouldn't they?
Oh, yeah.
I've done this dozens of times even in zero neighborhoods where you lucky to get alive, he said.
Molly's meowing could be heard so clearly on the sidewalk outside the building.
It seemed like she might be a foot or less inside the wall, though blocked from view by vertical studs and other obstructions.
Here's one of the great lines in all history.
She's right there, said Pastore.
I'd like her to be able to reach in and grab a piece of fur.
That's what's so frustrating.
I told you.
Okay.
On Wednesday, bricks have been carefully removed at various spots to give Molly an escape route. Molly stayed put.
Pastore team got a fleeting look at Molly through a tiny video camera sneaking into the crawl space, but couldn't get to her.
A cage baited with food was left overnight. Molly didn't bite.
Even catnip the feline Ivernizia cat had no effect on the Timurist tabby.
Television reporter solicited the views of dog walkers, other passions by who paused to watch the activity that was making headlines all across the USA and abroad.
I think she's really scared, but I think she'll come out.
See, like I said, there's all kinds of innocent people dying all over the world because of this bush, a fascist regime.
And worried about putty cats.
Here kitty kitty kitty.
I think she's really scared, but I think she'll come out, offered catnip.
That's probably like Tom Cruise, too. He's scared, but maybe one day he'll come out.
So, catnip made a tent, who was walking her small dog, Pepito, with babysitter, Filomena Brady.
What's more ridiculous? Pepito or Filomena?
On Thursday, Carol Wilborn, the cat therapist, knelt on the sidewalk next to the building's outer wall, and tried to co-smallly out with what she hoped were suiting words.
I hear you sweet, heart-she-cute. Come on, Molly. You can do it. Everybody wants you to come out. Nobody's gonna hurt you.
It's like that scene in the South Park where they try to coax Tom and they're coming out of the closet.
After a few minutes, one of past stories aides wearing a surgical mask, emerged from the dusty, severed ass Wilborn to stop.
I think you're stressing her out, she said.
Wilborn complies, saying that she'd been trying to give inspiration to the wayward cat.
I care, she told reporters. I wouldn't be doing this if I didn't care.
I'm in the activity, business went on inside Meyers of Kessler K. Popular Deli Store.
That specializes in meat pies, clouded cream, and other British food specialties.
Meat pies and clouded cream. Oh, those British.
I'm very busy, said proprietor, Peter Meyers, who opened his store 20 years ago and shipped Molly to catch mice.
Past story said the search for Molly is one of the current concerns that animal care and control, coinciding with the recovery of a male sheep in New York,
and a wild turkey named Hedda Gobler, that was roaming the grounds of Manhattan Department complex and was to release in the park today.
Hedda Gobler. I thought that was Miss Fudge. I thought he was trying to be the next Hedda Gobler.
Or Greta, whatever her name was, Hedda Hopper.
1265 votes on a poll. We're going to hit to 1300, you know what?
It's amazing.
Oh, look at this voice says that Rumsfeld's leadership is energetic and steady.
The number of...
There's that anxious, cura phillips.
That's right. And again, that is exactly why I think when you flip it around, it's not just retired generals coming out, who's really coming forward and stepping up to defend the defense secretary.
It's been fairly quiet from Republican leaders on Capitol Hill, for example.
We have not seen statements coming out from very seen Republican state.
And now your president said, oh, he's doing it, man. He's my kind of good. That's what your president said today.
Abougarra. 20-till-till at 56-dewing-kilom. Happy, good Friday, man.
I don't know what you're saying, good Friday. Like, happy, hope that God smiles down on you.
All those other silvery fairy tales, right?
Yeah, have a good Friday.
And I hope it's the right God, too. Not the, yeah, not Muhammad and not Yeshua and not whatever other, I guess, you were talking about.
I hope it's the right God. And I hope their first child will be a masculine child.
Hey, for years, I've been talking about dollar mattress. They're outstanding service.
If you've locked down in 1-800 mattress on the phone, it was easy. Go check out mattress.com on the web.
You shop whenever and wherever you want. When you log on to dollar mattress is mattress.com page.
You'll see the extensive product line from the ceiling, Surtos, Simmons, King Coral, tempered, externs, and foster a huid.
And you'll also see photos, prices, and a whole lot more. You can do the whole ordering process online.
Or after you visit the website mattress.com, just pick up the old instrument, call 1-800 mattress, and place your order and schedule the delivery when it's convenient for you any to our window that you pick.
Right now, take advantage of dollar mattress is great. 12 month financing program, too. It's great.
When you call dollar mattress, it 1-800 mattress, you get factory direct prices lower than the chain stores, even during those so-called big sales.
So do the smart thing, call right now to dollar mattress. 1-800 mattress, the easiest piece of shopping anybody could ever do.
Call 1-800 mattress right now, talk with the next verb, bed and consult, and or log on to their website mattress.com to guarantee yourself the best leave you fat in years and years.
1-800 MATTRES, leave off the life as because it stands for sensational stupendous savings.
This is meal Rogers. This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
I think it's an Omen, man.
I think it's a sign.
It's on Good Friday.
Peace off.
I think it's a sign from God.
This is Meal Rudder.
This is 5.62 AF.
It's Stage.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is 5.62 AF.
I believe that we have in my future.
If I keep carrying on this way.
If I say I'm sorry, it was just a lie.
I am so freaking high.
But it is easier.
Then go to a meeting.
And see how my name is with me.
I started long ago.
Smoked upon and dear little girl.
Covered with an LSD.
Angel Duff said some say only.
The crystal best and ecstasy.
I never say that I'm so free.
I ever said you were a thief.
They found some kind of me.
You found the places.
You also all inside of me.
Bye.
Bye.
