It's Friday, you were still...
Coming soon to a cinnamon ear you!
It's the greatest romantic comedy in the history of film!
Hugh Grant is a fumbling twit!
Well, if I may, I hope I'm not being too forward.
That is to say...
The London Times says a fumbling twit is so lifelike
that no more film should ever be made!
As they would only fail in comparison to this brilliant piece of twit-headed tightcasting.
If I may be so bold as to ask you and...
I understand that I'm tying up traffic by standing here in the middle of the street
but I'm very much like to ask you.
If you see only one Hugh Grant movie this year,
then you certainly won't need to see this one
because he's playing the exact same twit-y plays in all his movies!
I'm glad that you agreed to have dinner with me and...
Well, there's something I've been meaning to...
Well, that is to say...
It finds you to be quite fetching and...
You think Elizabeth Hurley left him because of that whole divine brown deal?
No!
She left him because Hugh Grant is a fumbling twit!
Now playing in selected cities!
I do rather hope you'll come to see me in a fumbling twit!
That is to say, if you don't mind my being somewhat cheeky...
Oh, for the love of God with you, shot!
Oh, well, alright then, I suppose...
Yeah, I'll tell you what he is and the one word annoying is what he is.
Does he have any talent?
No.
Does he look good?
No.
Look at that, we've got 500 votes on the poll today, man.
Our goal is 501.
We don't want to set our goals too high on the day.
If you're Thanksgiving on Black Friday when everybody's out shopping.
We're just playing oldies today.
We're playing the rack.
All the way we have some issues to take here first.
We've got Larry Coakers going to be fired in less than an hour.
What are you laughing about?
You don't know that.
How much you want about it?
You think because they finally want a game and they may get an invite to the toilet bowl
that he's going to keep his job?
Six and six.
See, this is what I don't understand about college football.
They lost six freaking games and they're eligible for a bowl game?
What the hell is that all about?
They suck!
But nevertheless, how about those dolphins, baby?
Just what I knew it.
I predicted it and just as predictable as the days long, man.
Oh, yeah, they're going to run the table and they're not going to play against any team
that really looks insurmountable.
Let me ask you this.
What team would be insurmountable?
Unbeatable.
What team would that be?
Because they're saying it's not the Colts.
Then who that would it be?
Well, maybe if the Colts were still undefeated.
No, but I'm just saying what team in the league right now?
Could they not beat?
Under any circumstances, it's unbeatable by anybody.
There isn't any.
Am I right?
That's correct.
But they got to be Jacksonville and the Patriots, which there's no chance of that.
None.
And the Colts, which there's no chance of that.
And then at Buffalo, which Buffalo isn't very good, but they got to play at Buffalo.
But hey, we got four in a row, baby.
We're talking super bowl.
That's right.
Could be a good fan.
You know, root for your team and live in a dream world.
But nevertheless.
So on Wednesday, we had the ratings come out.
The trends and wow, wow, wow, that morning show.
They just kind of took a crapshoot with that and like let's put some down there and hope
that it flies, you know, hopes them fly stick to it.
And evidently, it is a nice number there in the morning in October.
And Barry Jackass has got a glowing article about Kimba Bo camper and about our morning
show and we'll get to that.
I'm not going to read stuff other than that.
Well, maybe a couple of other things.
I just can't stop.
Like Mo would say, I can't stop.
Is that what he would say?
That's what he says.
No.
How come you're such a schmuck, Mo?
Well, I just can't stop.
How come you're such a a-hole?
Well, the answer is.
I can't stop.
Yeah.
Anyway, so speaking of people who get fired, University Miami president Donna Schalele,
that guy, high level UM officials and board of trustee members are holding a meeting
right now as we speak.
To discuss Larry Coker's future, which likely it says according to the hero, does already
decided.
It's widely expected that Coker will be fired this morning, although he wasn't at the
meeting.
The final decisions being made by Mr. Schalele at the 11 a.m. news conference, which
usually served for Coker to give his day after the game comments.
It's expected instead to serve as the announcement of his dismissal.
It's believed the job of U.M. athletic director Paul D will also come out of discussion.
What do you like that?
And I would, how far it be for me to agree with anything that Eddie Pope has ever written
because he's an old toad.
But I would agree with what he wrote in the hero today about you have to get a shrink
to want to have that job anyway.
Or I mean, this is a program where if you lose one game, they get all bent out of shape
and you're on the, I mean, lose six games.
Forget about it.
Go away old man.
Larry Coker has done.
He's so we got to be still over there at UM, of course, which basically he camps out
there all the time anyway.
That's where he sleeps.
Another overgrown child.
And so he's going to call Miguel a little of an o'clock and pass along the news, whatever
they, whatever they know.
Although we could carry the press conference, but I guess we're not.
Why not?
If you want to.
Well, we have the ability to do that.
We get the ability to do everything.
Well, I don't know if we do or not.
I don't want to put that crap on the air.
Are you crazy?
Do you when said Wednesday the 3709 Iraqi civilians were killed in October the highest monthly
toll since the Iraq attack by the USA 3709.
Wow, they're dying like flies.
Anybody care?
No.
No.
And of course, it's black Friday.
I, this is something I never been able to understand as long as I've lived.
It's been going on forever and it gets worse every year.
What, what is this all about?
Everything has a hell of a discount.
Is that what it's all about?
Yeah.
Everything is 50 to 75% off.
Thousands of South Americans kicked off an annual right of the holiday shopping season.
Black Friday this morning from a best buy and plantation boy tried to get out of that
parking lot and make a left turn.
To a Walmart and what?
To a wall.
There should be a light there, but it's going to take about five people getting killed
there trying to make that left term before they finally put a traffic light in there.
You idiots.
I'm telling you I live right there for cloud.
During these three days of year when I'm there from a best buy and plantation to a Walmart
and West Kendall determined consumers got in line.
Some as early as the night before Thanksgiving.
To ensure they get exactly what they came for.
The night before Thanksgiving.
And kindled more than a thousand shoppers lined up outside Target and Walmart before dawn
this morning.
Many anxious load up on electronics.
At a Walmart and West Kendall line snaked around the store across the length of the huge
parking lot all the way to McDonald's on Kindle Drive.
The store opened a few minutes before five this morning and the store manager came outside
and asked shoppers to be courteous.
Yeah, right.
This is in South Florida, no less.
Be courteous.
With the help of local police shoppers and streamed into the store in an orderly fashion
making a beeline for play stations and Nintendo's.
Kendall resident, I have an astrada 32 got what he came for a 52 inch flat screen TV.
From $894 to $474.
It's good to make that line set astrada beaming a few minutes after five a.m.
as he waited for a friend to help load the massive TV into his truck.
He said it was worth a nine hour wait to be the first one to get to this.
Oh, well, you folks have a good time.
Okay, better you than me.
That's all I can tell you on black Friday.
It's the day after Thanksgiving and it's they're just hop it up the dough all over the place.
How's that pull result coming from whatever we run last on Wednesday?
700 seven votes is all we got and of course that's because you know what it was because of.
It was Thanksgiving when you use the inward was the poll question never 199.
You believe that?
No.
I don't believe there's anybody who never uses that word, but it's politically correct to say,
I would never say that.
That's the most offensive word.
Okay, 199.
If dark folks say it themselves, then it's okay, but if a whitey said it's really bad.
You're a racist and a big and a piece of crap and should die in hell.
Only in the right company for the occasional joke, but I'm not a racist 139.
When I see OG on TV 101, sometimes in traffic 86, sometimes in the shower when singing to myself,
Bokobrins classic kiss a good morning, 65.
Sometimes I'm watching the news 50.
I hate this pull 48 6.7% and when referring to my close personal friends on black 19,
see it's okay for them to say it.
Okay, for you black folks to say the inward, but if a white person says it, that's bad.
Like I can say, faggot, you know, but if like a straight person says it, that's a real schmere, you know.
That's a knock.
And today's poll, well I can't wait till we start diving into these bits,
because the bits and the hits are just going to keep on coming.
See, I used to work on Thanksgiving Day being the schmuck that I am.
I'm an idiot.
I have no idea why.
But yesterday we had to delve from pre-game into post-game into real pre- and post-game and pre-op.
And after a very shaky start, they beat the crap out of a little girls team, man.
I couldn't win a fixed game.
And Joey Harrington, baby, goes back to the scene of the slime and gets booed and they all carry it on.
And Nick Sabin says that's unacceptable to a dry, right.
They hate him. He sucks.
What's your take on the callers as our poll today?
You didn't think I would do this, did you?
I thought you would.
You did?
Oh, I better reach over and turn that monitor off.
We're sure not taking any calls today.
What's your take on the callers, which I think may be coming back on Monday.
And of course I'm going to leave this poll up all weekend.
Because, you know, it's still Thanksgiving, it's still a holiday weekend.
Correct.
So if we want to get a really scientific sampling, we got to leave it on there long enough to get 8 million votes.
What's your take on the callers?
A few calls would be okay, 224.
If you don't get carried away, bring the calls back 162 with an exclamation point.
Bring them back, you jackass.
The show is fine without the calls. Only 73, 13.7%.
The caller is suck, 69. That's what I voted for.
That's 13%.
And I hate this poll. Only four.
That's 0.7%.
That's like a number they had across the street in this last trend.
0.7.
By the way, heck of a job, Joel.
You're doing it, baby.
Joel Feinberg and the crew over there in the Stu Gotts, all those guys across the street.
You're doing a heck of a job.
And of course, on this show, we don't really care.
Wait a minute. I got to get that very jackass column going.
Well, we know 161 people died in the back yesterday.
I'm not going to do all that stuff.
Former Dolphin Volcamper, making Mark on TV and Radio, is what the headliners and I'll get to that story momentarily.
Very jackass, Nerald.
Thanks a lot, Barry.
Hey, Barry.
You're fair.
Obviously he's been talking to Kimba and Joe Bell and this one and that one and Yadi Yadi.
Finally decided to give us a little bit of press at a boy, Barry.
And basically, the article, the thrust of it is that Kim now has developed a personality.
Kim, who used to be his dull as a 10-year-old razor blade, a real dullard.
But he laughed at about you.
You know it's true.
Now all of a sudden, he's like a dull as the only about a two-year-old razor blade.
Good guy, though, but dull.
1013 at 560 WQM.
It's that twa Friday, you bastards.
Yes, do you have a match?
I need to light my shoelace.
When there's a bomb in my shoe and the melody in my heart,
I get that cheeky, tink of it healing when I glow the flame
A part you show the world at my feet brings me closer to a laugh.
Your lightness worth the taking for my religious of reason why
With a bomb on my feet, I'll do the wetspot on your seat.
But I'll do fine that I'm an out-kind of
When there's a bomb in my shoe, a la la la la
What a wonderful way to die this way
No, I'm fighting you, I'm fighting you, this is a la la la
I want the highest chance
1018 at 560 WQM.
Look at that.
The mad dogs working today.
That's what it says in my schedule is he actually on today or not.
Sure.
We don't know.
We don't know because parents doesn't give us the real schedule anymore.
We're like stepchildren.
Mad dog at Hooters and Pompano says in my schedule
End the power hour with Hank and the mad dog.
Wait, they're all white.
Anyways.
What?
It's pine.
Is he looking mad dog or Curtis, but it's pines.
It says Hooters and Pompano on my schedule.
Yeah, well, what are you reading that for?
Then the power hour four to five, Hank solo five to seven, I believe.
I'm just reading the schedule that I've got.
Okay, that's all I can do because they don't send me the real revised one
Like when mad dog was not early in the week.
Pants are previewed with seven.
The Pants are really stinkin' the joint out against the Washington Senators.
Oh, all right.
That's what it says in my schedule.
There's the Washington Crapidels, but the Washington Senators at seven thirty.
Followed by the Eddie Kaplan show.
I'm telling you, man, clearance needs a, he needs a lobotomy.
Somebody needs to squeeze his bag, his sack.
There's something wrong with that child.
Says right here, the Florida Panthers against the Washington Senators.
Oh, brother.
That's funny.
Woo!
Oh, speaking of bomb in my shoe, just one more little piece of bad news from Iraq.
Then we'll move on.
Okay, I'm gonna read that very jackass comment.
Then we're gonna dive into our whole library here and play stuff.
Even that we're not supposed to play.
Oh, right.
Not.
Oh, in other words, you think I should play all this stuff?
And then I'll leave it up to you to dump all of it.
Like, uh...
My ain't it's...
Like that.
But anyway.
Two bombs killed twenty-two people in northern Iraq today
as the government tried to tamp down on violence and hit off a civil war.
Oh, yeah.
A day after SUNY Urban Surgeons killed 215 people in an attack on Baghdad,
Saudi city slum, then intensified Shi'id anger at the US.
And it goes on.
But it beeps bit of boop, but about every single day they're dying like flies.
We've created a total mass chaos there.
See, some people are barbaric and full of hate.
And as a result, they need a good dictator.
Like, keep everybody in line.
Like, who the good old saw them?
547 votes on the poll.
What's the reasonable goal today?
750?
The Remus Show?
800.
No chance.
You're dreaming.
On the day after on Black Friday?
800 My Ass.
Don't forget, 11 o'clock we're going to be getting that call from the beast.
At least Miguel will be.
I'm not going to put him on the air.
No.
Because still probably have tears running down his fat face.
Oh, G. Larry Coker.
I've got fire.
Oh, the Kings.
Grow up already.
When do you people going to grow up?
God.
From the microseontal J. Rokit School of being a professional, professional, perpetual, U.M. child.
Anyway, Barry Jackass in a hero says, former Dolphin Boatcamp are making mark on TV and radio.
Everywhere you turn, there's a former dolphin on the air rights, Barry.
Hey, Barry.
You fairy.
Jim Manditz and Joe Rose rank among the market's most popular personalities.
Jimmy Cifalus says the prestigious Dolphins radio play by play gig and boy does he do it poorly or what?
But no West Dolphins profile has risen more than this year than WQA and WFWR personality using the word very loosely.
Kim Bocamper.
The eight years ago was perfectly content spending his post-football life selling municipal bonds.
As he completes his third month alongside Dolphin public and restaurant answer, Kenny Walker, on WQM's revamped morning show,
which thank God got a number in the last trend in October.
They're kicking ass.
Bocamper has proved what friends already knew about him.
He has an underrated sense of humor, a dry wood apparently rarely apparent in some of his early TV and radio work when he was as dull as a 40-year-old razor blade.
This is an opportunity to show people who I really am other than what they may have perceived me to be, he said.
In other words, a dull.
In some ways, WQM's morning show is still a work in progress as it tries to find the right balance between sports and non-sports topics.
And Miguel says when they're not talking about sports, it's a real hysterical funny show.
I don't ever hear those segments, though.
It's just bad luck on my part.
But Bocamper has been an asset, providing recent commentary and displaying much more of a personality than he did earlier in his career when he was as dull as 75-year-old's blood blue blade.
Kim has exceeded my expectations WGM of General Manager, Silly S. Joe Bell said he's better in the combo situation than he's in now than he was by himself.
We're real pleased with the start they're off to, especially at that point, nine in September.
They were real pleased about that.
Well, I'm sure it's his last trend he's talking about.
Do you think?
Well, I can't measure them on that.
Bocamper 52 is extremely self-analytical.
I wish I could tell you how many hours I spend during that day thinking what I'm going to say, what I did say, what I didn't say that I should have said.
On TV and radio, I don't see anything casually says Kimba.
On WQM, there are days it's great.
I drive away thinking we did a good show.
We said the other days I drive away saying, what am I doing?
What was I thinking about? That show is stuck. We're no good.
People must hate us.
And the next day you do a show and you feel good about it.
Well, what does that happen?
Bocamper also runs a production company that produces FASN's Micah Sikki Sports Wrap, was Adolphin's linebacker and defensive lineman from 7785, and broke into broadcasting in 89 when Mandage recommended him for a part-time gig on WIOD.
I remember those days.
He joined Channel 4 as Adolphin commentator in 1998, and that was asked a year later to become reported back up anchor.
Interest rates were down to about 3%. I said, maybe it's time to give TV a try. He said, leaving the bond business.
They gave me one of Jim Berry scripts and said, go read this and I bet you budgeted it pretty good.
Bocamper said the WQM morning show wants to give people something a little lighter than what they've been accustomed to.
Rose's competing show on 790 The Ticket, which has a business partnership with the Harold, isn't exclusively sports-oriented either, right, Spirry?
But because the Walker's background is an FM morning host combined with WQM's new approach to the show, the program tells it a way to tame news more often than Rose's does.
But here's the, here's the kicker, baby. This next sentence man does enough to make me drop a big load right in this chair if I didn't have to clean it up.
Oh boy!
Very you are such a little silly person with your little brown sack and baloney sandwich.
He says, at the same time though, WQM wisely has spiced the sports conversation by adding regular segments without spoken Lamar Thomas and Terrell Buckley, 70 a.m. on Mondays, Drew Rosenhoff, 6th Thura, 8th 30 a.m. Wednesdays, and Kirk Krip Street, 90 a.m. Thursdays.
Wisely has spiced a ride. That stuff that balance between all sports and like 1% entertainment.
Rose, meanwhile, has Dan Marina with 80 a.m. on Mondays and Ronnie Brown at 8th Tuesdays. That's downtown Ronnie Brown with a bad hand who's always good for a third of a yard and a cloud of dust.
At least a third of a yard.
Between 7 and 10 a.m. Rose led narrowly in the latest ratings book in the key man demographic 2554, 2.6 to 2.3, but QF's new morning team was in place for only one of the three months that were measured next rating book of me were telling.
And the last trend by the way, which buries oblivious about already they kicked their ass. Nice going boys Kenny and the bow whose dull is a 75 year old chick razor.
Then very goes on with more QM information boy we're sure QM intensive today very nice going baby we need all the publicity we can get even if it's bad we don't care.
WQM's lawsuit against former dolphins running back Troy Stratford allegedly moved to 790 without fulfilling a six month non-compute clause has been settled out of court according to Stratford's attorney Ken Caso.
Terms were confidential about Caso said Stratford will be permitted to continue selling ads and appearing on air for the ticket WQM to climb comment.
But what are we going to say about what's left to say? Yeah. What we're going to say about him.
Good guy like Troy. I mean the fact that he went over there and trying to stab us in the heart. That's okay. We understand that's business. Everybody's got to make a living.
They say in China. Moths the 11. Everybody's got to make a living. Am I right? That's correct. So we didn't begrudge him anymore than we begrudge fat boy.
In fact we're glad to be rid of fat boy Troy. We like to have him around. He was kind of like a well both of them actually like human punching bags just one little bit bigger than the other about five times.
556 votes on the poll. Wow. What's your take on the callers? A few would be okay 238. Bring the callers back 169 for Christ's sakes.
The show is fine without the calls only 75 13.4% not good. The callers suck 70 and I hate this poll only for out of almost 600 votes only for 0.7%.
I remember they can really associate with and relate to across the street 0.7. In fact in that two to four slot for while they were starting to get pretty damn close.
The biggest name right? That's talent. This is me or one. The pinball is part of the video 5.6.
Why are you bastard? All right.
Looking through the bars at the county jail. Oh, she was there. He began to well. She got in it. She was there because he drank too much.
The title was looking for some to touch it. Oh, she.
Everybody was rather there. So getting ready for the jail. This fact was it was so well.
The same day his marriage was a living hell. He got in the corner with his burrito. He sent the talk about his way to go at all of jobs.
Looking all the jailhouse jobs. Everybody was grabbing their socks. Smile and have the jailhouse jobs.
And you will the jailhouse jobs. Watching them bust up right. Look at them stiff and they're jobs. Everyone checking their socks.
Everybody has had hard nights including those jailhouse jobs.
I want to be a Latino. I want to be a Latino and say hey my no and we're not on my head now. I want to wear slick 50 in my hair and dark sunglasses to cover my face.
I want to drive in a big car with leopard skin interior with loud and fake. I want a girl named Juanita. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair.
I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair.
I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named
Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black
hair. And I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair. I want a girl named Juanita with long black hair.
He tried to steal away, who was and beat the OUC!
He tried to steal away, who was and beat the OUC!
He tried to steal away, who was and beat the OUC!
He tried to steal away, who was and beat the OUC!
He tried to steal away, who was and beat the OUC!
He tried to steal away, who was and beat the OUC!
And he opened a window,jug him a Même, dtosh устройicular!
Kays is going to play!
Saddam Hussein!
Claudia Varou on her way!
Saddam Hussein!
You take us Monday.
If I parted in heaven,
You'd I stand the shame.
If I parted in heaven,
You'd I stand the shame.
You'd I stand the shame.
You'd I stand the shame.
You'd I stand the shame.
You'd I stand the shame.
You'd I stand the shame.
Does gas act the same?
Does it linger in heaven?
Would you be ashamed?
To pull my finger heaven?
Absolutely.
I know these things.
When the fat lady sings
Because I'll be the one who brings
You're fair and dear to heaven.
Because I know I'll be the one who brings
You're fair and dear to heaven.
Did you ever think when you're in Chinese?
It ain't pork or chicken but a fat sign means
Yet the food tastes great so you don't complain.
But that's not chicken in your chicken town, mate.
Seems to me I ordered sweet and sour pork
But garfields on my form.
It's firm here on my form.
There's a cat in the kettle at the Peking Moon.
The place that I eat every day at noon.
They could be to cat and you'll never know.
Once they wrap it up in no voice.
They fried real crisp in dough.
Chao Lin asked if I wanted more.
I see was dialing up his buddy at the old pet store.
I said not today I lost my appetite.
There's two cats in my belly and they want to fight.
I was sucking on a rolling and the thumbs are two.
When I swear I heard it mute.
And that is when I knew.
There's a cat in the kettle at the Peking Moon.
I think I got to stop feeding there at noon.
They say that it's beef or fish or pork.
But it's permed there on my pork.
There's a hair ball on my pork.
Hello this is Albert Kaita from Tauli Van Record.
I'm a fan of the music.
I'm a fan of the music.
I'm a fan of the music.
I'm a fan of the music.
I'm in followed by an F-16.
What do they want with me?
The money from your purchase does not go to fun terrorism.
Really?
It's not time to get off the plane.
Just relax and take it easy.
You're just dumb.
That's your fault.
It wouldn't have been a fire or a joke.
Find dark skin and a rag.
If you want a detainee.
Another variation on a classic.
I ask myself every day which American should pay.
Tell me who would move on and slay me.
I'm going to shoot you, everyone.
I'm coming to the neck of a woman.
All right.
She lived her veil and exposed herself.
Buy New Cat Stevens collection today for 1995.
Or you can pay with Visa, Mastercard or weapons of Maskey's drugs.
I'll tell you what's really impressive.
We have 789 friends on our MySpace page.
How do you like that?
For an old guy like you?
For an old Fag like me.
That's pretty impressive.
For a fat old out of touch, Fag like me.
That's pretty amazing.
It's only young living and breathing punks.
Pretty much that have MySpace page.
Nevertheless, I'll over keep Tiki Shaws on there and he's 168.
576 votes on the poll and most importantly 19.
That's a big number.
19 minutes away from that big 11 o'clock press conference at which Larry Coquette's going to give Ken.
And probably Paul D's too, you know what you think?
No.
No?
Why not?
Because what?
Because the swim team's doing pretty good?
The biggest names of best talent.
That's a bad name.
Look at my ex.
Forch Radio 560.
U-A-M.
Turkite f***ing blow.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm gonna do something else.
Yeah, I couldn't fall.
But did you just want to run for sale?
Yeah.
Yeah, I have.
Yeah, I have.
Who's our name?
Patrick.
Patrick?
Yeah.
Just thought it was for the talk of someone named Fu.
Who?
Fu.
Okay, hold on a second, okay?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hello?
How's that?
Yeah, who's speaking?
Huh?
Yeah.
Hello?
Who's speaking?
Hello?
Hello?
Can you hear me?
Yeah?
You got a rest off of sale?
Huh?
How much you want for the sale?
Well, you come here to look at it and talk to the boss.
I come over, maybe eat dinner with you.
Okay.
Does that price include all the walks?
Huh?
Huh?
What's your name?
I'm Chinese.
Yeah, Chinese.
Okay, you come to talk to the boss.
To the boss?
Yeah?
I'm two people.
I'm two people.
I'm two people.
Yeah?
I'm two people.
I'm two people.
I'm two people.
Okay, how about I get all to go to the boss?
Then I come over and pick it up and look at the person.
Okay.
And now, language lab.
The show that teaches you a foreign language in less than 60 seconds.
Today's lesson, Greek.
Lesson 1.
Strawberry Pie.
Strawberry Pie.
Lesson 2.
Apple Pie.
Apple Pie.
Lesson 3.
Pumpkin Pie.
Punky Pie.
Customer.
What kind of pie do you have?
Answer.
Apple Pie, Strawberry and Punky.
Language lab is a public service.
I mean, not be copied or authorized for each cell thing.
Hi, Lardies.
We don't make skinny little burgers.
Because skinny little burgers are for skinny little boys.
Our monster big burgers are for big boys.
Big fat, large asses with no self-control.
Who chain smoke, winstance, and polish off a case of butt every night.
Now, for big boys, or so lazy they eat our breakfast bowl.
Comes the ultimate morning feeding.
Introducing Lardies Breakfast Bucket.
We start with three dozen fried eggs.
Top with six kinds of cheese.
Over a gallon of grits.
On a dozen biscuits.
Smothered in gravy, maple syrup, and butter.
Topped off with a pancake the size of a manhole cover.
In a convenient five gallon bucket.
Together with hash browns and a 64 ounce mountain dew.
You've got the Lardies Breakfast Bucket combo.
All for just $14.99.
Lardies without us.
Some guys would live to see $40.
You've been broke from my internship at the Uranium Centiode.
Well, I don't want to show you what a big ass said I was to you.
And how?
You're going to find somebody good enough to fill my piggy pants?
It ain't easy.
Very no chicks, I love to be coming back.
I try to consider a lucrative and counteract.
If you want to know what I'll save you from shutting that transmitted devolving.
Why? That's easy.
I'm sure.
All you need is smoke.
What?
All you need is smoke.
What?
What?
All you need is a show.
I don't know.
I'm sure.
I think your old dreams last only got you today.
You stayed there by ratings that bottomed out in the night.
What's radio has to rebub me to answer the day it's the worst.
And we did.
Ah!
All you need is smoke.
Now we can't get you.
All you need is smoke.
We can't come out here to drink.
All you need is a show.
It's so close.
Why?
We'll come to the least.
We'll come to the least.
You have to fight away something.
Check.
Hold me, I'll give you this.
Flap, you see.
Wow!
Where are you going to just fly me?
I'll go down.
Down the bubble.
I'll go and you up.
Everyone knows about the chicken egg with the mark of a la.
Yum, yum.
I would love to eat this most holy egg.
But I'm watching my cholesterol.
That's why I switched to a la egg meters.
A la egg meters look and taste like regular a la egg.
But they're good for you.
So you can have this slim sexy body.
You've always been forbidden to show in public.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
Each carton of a la egg meters is made by 72 virgin chickens.
And part of this complete breakfast.
But without the bacon.
A la egg meters.
Death to America.
Ah!
Who may I be helping you today?
Will you please be having a blue slur big cheese?
We are having a sale on camera.
R-A-G-G
We have had a lot of many flavors.
R-A-G
I'm afraid that is not decent.
I'm a R-A-G-G-A-G-A-D-A-G
Okay, I'll tell you everything.
I'm asking maybe for help with inside I think.
Hey!
The egg is destroyed with a women's bag.
It is only because it's better so bad.
You can't blame a group of reactions on a group
but we don't want to drink out of the way we eat.
We're like a group.
R-A-G-G-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-A
R-A-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G
Oh, really, I'm the tallest. Go home and leave us all alone.
Maybe you'll leave me. I don't want to go back. I like shopping for free toys better.
You've got your funky mom t-shirt, and you're making us ears.
You've had your fun, now start packing.
So they can get you out of here.
In tap the point where we can't stand it.
Everybody's high enough.
Above all the hoolly-y-yos and crackers.
Roof with the darling's far as the...
Hey, hey, hey, hey, young girl, D'Aless.
Why don't you go home?
Yeah, they young girls, D'Aless.
Go home and leave us all alone.
Very easy, look. They're giving away free, S&H green cards. Can I have one?
And 55 at 56 WQM. It's one of those.
It's our special. We do this every year.
I'm not working no more on Thanksgiving Day. I'm through with that crap.
Don't you agree? I agree.
We're not going to work on the day after Thanksgiving.
Nevertheless, it's flag Friday. I wonder what Mike Richards will think about that.
595 votes on the pool. What's your take on the callers?
We're leaving this pool off all the way. You ought to let Eric know if he's not paying any attention.
I see him in the little window.
I have no window.
Probably not. He's probably passed out.
That's where you don't have any window because you don't have any Internet connection.
I have the connection now, but I don't have that window stuff.
I want you to try to get on hotmail because I can't get on it either from Explorer or from Firefox Raving today.
I had a little problem with that earlier in the week, but you can't even get on it.
To check your email and all these things. What's going on with hotmail?
Can you get on it?
Well, I don't have an account with them, but the website...
In that case, forget about it.
What's your take on the callers? 595 votes.
Monday, we're starting to take calls again and play a lot of really a raunchy stuff.
A few would be okay. 263. A few calls, like maybe, you know, two or three weeks.
Bring the calls back, damn it, 177.
The show is fine without the calls. Only 78, 13%. Pretty weak.
The callers suck 74. Amen.
And I hate this pool. We'll tell you this.
Still only 4 out of almost 600 votes. Our goal is 600 by the way we got 597.
0.6% say they hate the pool. That's pretty low.
Don't you think?
Pretty low.
Now, maybe the haters, the professional haters who ate everything we'd do on here.
Maybe they ate too much yesterday or got poisoned and croaked. Maybe they got botulism.
From eating some real uncooked bird or whatever to hell.
Speaking of uncooked bird, Larry Kochhead's going to be fired in three minutes.
We're going to have the straight poop for you right here on your sports intensive stage.
The biggest name.
The best talent. The best is...
So, by, Larry, watch your old toe.
It's radio 560's.
Video game.
This has been The O'Ronger Show.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Some stations give you cats.
Some stations give you cars.
But this station is going to give you more,
because this station is going to give you a total human experience.
That's right.
We're going to change your sex change.
You are the same.
See how the other half of you did.
It's discovered just why you were so lousy and bad.
Look what it's like to ask for directions.
Girls, see what it's like to be a jerk.
And when you hear this sound, you as a call and we'll change your sex.
Change your sex.
Winners of the sex change receive an all-in-spent-paid trip to Sweden where highly skilled surgeons will rip out the genitals, stop them in a plastic bag and shut in some new ones.
Winners may keep their old genitals as a free gift.
Employees of this station are not eligible to have their genitals ripped out free of charge but must do so if they're on expense.
You know you want to.
No change, you're a sex. You just think to win.
Don't make the latest must-have sensation to hit stores. It's the tickle me bush doll.
This chattering little character from the Pennsylvania Avenue Beltway gang will laugh at anything you say.
Till old George W. Sturthless is all dried up and he'll laugh.
Tell him his military couldn't fight a Boy Scout jamboree on a warm summer day and he can't help but laugh.
And you'll laugh too as this tickle me bush doll puckers his face to one side and wiggles his ape-like ears uncontrollably.
Tickle me bush is sure to be the biggest thing since the Al Gore grows a beard gee-a-pet.
You'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll kiss 49.99 goodbye with the tickle me bush doll.
Every Republican household is sure to have one.
If you aren't now, 10% of every doll soul will support Stansel Research, the Missile Defenshield and Alaska Oil Drilling.
He's got a-he's hysterical, he's got ape-like ears.
He's the tickle me bush doll, counseled in stores where the guns ammo and NRA propaganda are sold.
Top male works by that.
Timm the faith.
What is it?
He said, how am I a work just fine?
How am I a work for you if it's not working for me? That's number one.
And number two, how's Larry Koch had doing? I don't know yet.
He's on trial for that fateful day. I am sure he's guilty as a jay.
Do you believe in Timm the faith?
No.
Dicourage.
Thought it's turned up to the IRS.
Jenner Greenow and the ATF.
It's a good beat to him the press.
Wide feet.
Place that bomb and cause so much strife.
Will he get the chair or instead?
Will he get life to the faith?
Paranoid about the USA.
Her room of that he might be gay.
According to my 48.
I hate the government just as much as most of you.
But I'm not even a rapper I have.
Oh, why you cute?
Masha man.
Most of them are doing 8 to 10.
They can't have their weapons in the pen.
And what's in the faith?
Be joining them.
I'm dying over here.
Oh, black.
Get out of here.
14 feet above the key of it.
It's like I picked a wrong week, Chris Moher.
It's in the 4 feet.
In all three holes.
And in both rooms six.
It's like I picked a wrong week, quick drink.
When can we get on the way, damn it.
Get that finger out of your ear.
You don't know where that finger's been.
That's five compartments and it looks like a big Tylenol.
She can stay in flow.
For the first four compartments briefs, but not five.
Can't the barbarous stand with?
Not five.
It's like I picked a wrong week, when I'm fed a mace.
The water will spill over the tops of the boat hits.
There's no stopping.
Here, here, here's a fire in the barn.
From this moment no matter what you do.
Me, John.
Big tree.
Titanic.
We'll fund her.
I just want to tell you both good luck.
We're all counting on you.
Well, I believe you may get your headlines, Mr. Smith.
There's a sale at pennies.
Jack, I want you to draw me like one of your French girls.
Wearing this.
Where did you get that dress?
It's awful on those shoes in that coat.
Shee-eees.
Limbic ice-capes, man.
It's like a dirty, dried tanya.
Tries to win.
She was second best and it hurt her.
So, oh, oh, oh.
Nancy, care again.
The bitch was going to win again.
Ton, your blocks, ribbons.
Hires out a henchman.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
That's Nancy, K, who's leaving ring.
She's knocked up from behind.
Bang, bang, Ton, your silver hammer came down.
Upon her knee.
Bang, bang, Ton, your silver hammer made sure of victory.
A limbic middle round, Ton, your hidden ugly crown,
Pulled her every move.
She can't find the groove.
She's off balance and power.
Oh, oh, oh.
She foregoes a plan, makes her way into the stand murder on her mind.
She has never minded a challenge.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
The clouds they make are break for the door,
But it's too late to run.
Bang, bang, Ton, your silver hammer just smashing me.
She left.
She would not leave Lil' amateur lumber on one's desk.
2048, Ton, your's at the Pollygate.
St. Pete checks his book.
He gives her a look and he tells her,
Now, oh, oh, oh.
She claims she's innocent,
Laces up and throws a fit eternity on the line.
This guy's out of line and he's got to go.
Oh, oh, oh.
As St. Pete was turning the page, Ton, your took her aim.
Bang, bang, Ton, your silver hammer rang,
St. Pete's bell,
But Skates got killed,
No saints have never meant she went sped you hell.
1107, now let me ask you this.
We got the word I'm Larry Cochrane or what?
Hold on.
Wait, but the phone's ringing, the bat line,
I bet you Miguel's gonna pick it up and the beast is gonna say,
Yeah.
What is it?
It was a B patient call.
What does that mean?
Meaning nothing, there's a buzz,
But there's no official word yet.
There's a buzz?
Right.
Yeah, and, and there's no official word.
There's a buzz, but there's no official word yet.
There's a buzz?
Right.
Yeah, and, and there's no official word yet.
So, uh, to come on, fatso, rotund,
What over there?
Let's get with it.
It's introducing the 1993.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
You're fairy.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
That's a good one.
That's a good one.
That's a good one.
That's a good one.
That's a good one.
That's a good one.
That's a good one.
This is a good one.
This is a good one.
This is a good one.
Oh, it's cool.
Yeah, it's cool.
Here we go.
The culture has been fired.
We are just waiting for the formal announcement
And red comment.
Bye, Bihlaeri.
Bye, Bihlaeri.
We'll be silly, don't we, moon, me.
If you dumb enough to take that job,
You deserve to get your ass fired.
If you dumb enough to take that job,
You deserve to get your ass fired.
Here his orange jumpsuit and her dowry
He's through a lot of people but he sometimes get caught
But God is the right in his new calm
Anybody here, see good questions, doctor
To keep all around their time
He's not the thickest yellow for truth before he's done
Taking a shower with his son
You have a vision that is what the White House is doing for you
Or a Christian to know what's best for you and me
A grave of all that is
He was in a sun before
In other words, do he have anybody here
Please say time to lay me
Born a skeleton, a fox, a hoist
These kindness lies, they long and can't pay why
Aver lost out to the man
The biggest name of the best challenge to the best is
Neil Rogers
Don't have this
You think Josh Cortis is on top of this?
Or is there somebody else put this on there?
Well, Gryper's here, he might have done it. It's on his piano
WQM has learned that Larry Cochers has been fired as head coach of the University of Miami
The official announcement came from states that Cochers has been released from his contract
O'Leary, in addition, now that Miami is bull eligible
Oh my god, what a joke, should they be invited to a bull game like the Orville Red and Bacher popcorn bull
Cochers will coach the team in the bull game
The fired coach, wouldn't that be an emotional thing? You know when they play like Liberty State Girl School
After last night, 17-14 win over Boston College
The problem is a quick resolution was expected and that is now the case, you're out Larry, bye-bye
UM defensive coordinator Randy Shannon is qualified to be a candidate to replace Cochers
Head coach Greg Skiano is in play, but there are some, what?
Shannon Greg, somebody rather, but there are some contractual obstacles in the way
Miami would need permission to talk to Ski O'Shiano
In addition, Rutger's season doesn't end until December the 2, well there you go
I think Seth Greenberg is the man
He's a hard guy, he's f**king blow
Come on Seth
Ooh, I might have heard they made a switch
A rock has a new president that's on the nickname
I hear this word out on the street
Got a big surprise, winning ball
This new criminal chief working on a car bomb
The working on a car bomb, yeah
Stepping fine and safe, I got a car bomb
Maybe a night limbo, seeing as a car bomb, yeah
Oh, right
Ooh, these loyal lips will hit your heart
I reckon a place to be if you're some political star
Getting in your car ain't always cool
So have the show fucking in first, don't you feel good?
Getting on a car bomb
The working on a car bomb, yeah
Turn that key on his finger, you know, a car bomb
New president's better watch out for the car bomb, yeah
And now, getting involved with Blue Rose & House
Only on Sport Hole Radio, live 60thupid EW
Yeah, on the phone none other than Drew Rose & House
Thanks for joining us Drew
Yeah, I'm in love
For those who don't already know, give us a little background on yourself
I am responsible for every famous sports figure you've ever known
Since the beginning of time, I discovered spoticus
And such a page, Babe Ruth, Mark Throneberry, that was me
I discovered Lannitona from Lincoln on down all the US presidents
That was me, I put Neil Armstrong on the moon
In fact, it was I who invented the very phone we're talking on
What have you done for us right here in South Florida?
I got your Randall Terry for the dolphins, that was me
Randall Terry, here's this picture, can we get a shot of that?
Yeah, there he is, Randall Terry
Yeah, we hit the big time, that's the situation
Drew Rose & House gentlemen
Yeah, Drew Rose & House right here on the phone in South Florida
Well, what haven't you done?
Mohalad David, that wasn't me
Drew, can you show us your boobs?
My boobs? Yeah
Yeah, let's see your boobs
I'm on the phone
That's okay, we gotta make this entertaining somehow
Sure, here we are
These gentlemen are my boobs
Nice, that's a nice and cool reason
You will only find on Drew Rose & House
Drew, are they real?
The genuine article
Tell you what, Drew, how would you like a female companion?
Well, it's no secret, I like girls
I'll introduce you to our programs director
It's a guy, isn't it?
Yeah, but more girl than you know
That's the situation I guess
He has very soft arms
I'd rather rape Mohal
Thanks for joining us Drew
We'll be back with more fake collars after these words from Glory Hold Paradise
He's got a job for you to do
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Who's with the speed of a gazelle?
Sense of that dice straight to hell
When a filmings starts to blow
We know you need to then be done
Your thrushing cry with both my heat blow
First grade
First you get down on your knees
Fiddle with your rosaries
Bow your head with great respect and
Change you flex, change you flex, change you flex
To whatever steps you want if you have cleared them with the pontiff
Everybody say his own career
He lays on doing the band again right
Get in line in that processional step into that small confessional
They're the guy who's got religion, I'll tell you if your sins are original
If it is, try playing it safer, drink the wine and chew the wafer
Two or four, six, eight, aint' on time to transubstantiate
So get down upon your knees
Fiddle with your rosaries
Bow your head with great respect and
Change you flex, change you flex, change you flex
Take a cross on your abdomen
When in Rome, do like a Roman, our Bain Maria
She's good to see you
Get an expanded cast on a dramatic end
And do an abat again right
The pad smells so bad
The ponts smells so bad
God gave him the grass
The ponts smells so bad
Her heat likes a smokin' mask
The ponts smells so bad
He's a good head
The ponts smells so bad
The ponts smells so bad
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah
Guys, I am a killer, taking high f-back
Homes in Rome get thrown on breath
Jesus freaks out back
Jesus freaks out super
If he never shall have tried
Pops him won't get thrown on breath
He's a church at truck
The ponts smells so bad
God gave him the grass
The ponts smells so bad
He likes a smokin' mask
The ponts smells so bad
He's a good head
The ponts smells so bad
The ponts smells so bad
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah
Oh yeah, oh yeah
I was like, you can tell I'm not there
He's a good kid, he's a beller, watch that
Chill forget to take your pill
Now she's got it, don't say
Take the pills and not age
Hold the power, throw it, poke
First and he's talking to you
Don't come down, I wanna smoke
The ponts, stomping
God gave him the grass
The ponts smell so bad
He likes a smokin' mask
The ponts smells so bad
He's a good head
The pop, the stow, stow, the pop, stow, stow, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah,
cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cooling, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool模 take a look, we will take a look at the look of whoper the song that plays out now how you play, the movie m in the openiras, it moves changing videos, no step at this
The biggest name of the best talent to do this is Neil Rogers, 4th radio 560, QAM.
I'm never happy to ever get to say hello.
Hi!
Hello.
Aren't you coach poker?
Yes.
Forgive me, I don't always dodge.
But I listen to this for a whole radio all the time.
And they drop their names so many times.
I become your biggest fan.
Congrats, thank you very much.
Not to mention, Cain is so nice and easy to say.
Okay!
Oh, I know.
Yeah.
Helps me feel an aesthetic.
My own so lonely life.
I'm glad to hear it.
I even got the badge!
Yeah, that's great.
You know what that's going for?
Oh yeah.
Let me feel a manhole with the hat.
That's right.
I mean tonight.
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
Mind if I grab your gold post, take me sports!
Sports!
Fords.
Fords.
Things go better with poker.
That that that that that that that that's you.
Never washed his hair or seemed to have a care, Kobe.
His name was Kurt.
Now he's pushing up dirt, Kobe.
I'm dying out of here.
Wiping drew from his chin, doing heroin, Kobe.
Your father was hot and now it's Kurt.
They ain't got Kobe.
He got high, said goodbye, then he died.
Kobe.
Made a million an hour, never took a shower, Kobe.
He's a number one hit in heaven's Big Mosh Pit, Kobe.
He'll meet Elvis the King and say grunge was my thing, Kobe.
So if you're filled with doubt, don't take Kurt's way out, Kobe.
Kobe.
He got high, said goodbye, then he died.
Kobe.
Wow.
Hey, how you doing, honey?
This is Bill Flatt in the present and I'm the United States.
And this is my state of the women's dress.
I've known a few girls who thought that were pretty hot,
but Bill is here to tell you that girl.
You're not.
They used to wear makeup and whip away pants,
but when they looked at me, they were under much rions.
Whoa, you think you're special.
Whoa, you think you're something else.
So Paula Jones, you got a new nose.
That dumb impression lay much.
Ha, ha, ha.
Well, you got the brain, but if you got the touch,
then don't get me wrong.
Well, I'll blank you alright,
but that won't keep me warm in the middle of the night.
That dumb impression lay much.
Ha, ha, ha.
What's new to all, jelly?
Ha, ha, ha.
I think you'll remember this one.
She had a tight break order, but she kept on in phone.
And after she ate steak, she would bury the bone.
She got herself some life, oh, and a tummy tuck.
But she still has ugly as a hockin' plug.
Whoa, she's like she's something special.
Whoa, she's like she's something else.
So when the trip got some surgery,
that dumb impression lay much.
Ha, ha, ha.
Well, you got the brain, but if you got the touch,
then don't get me wrong.
Yeah, I'll blank you alright,
but that won't keep me warm in the middle of the night.
That dumb impression lay much.
Ha, ha, ha.
Oh, I keep forgotten everybody.
Oh, yeah, I bought this next one.
A big chunky girl with a purple right.
That name gaped dress nearly put their way.
Well, secret meetings on my car with no,
I could've told Wilk Jamerlin the hottest score.
Whoa, she's like she's special.
Whoa, she's like she's something else.
So Monica, you lost 40 pounds.
That dumb impression lay much.
Ha, ha, ha.
Well, you got the brain, but if you got the touch,
then don't get me wrong.
Well, I'll blank you alright,
but that won't keep me warm in the middle of the night.
Ha, ha, ha.
That dumb impression lay much.
Ha, ha, ha.
I've saved the best for last.
Well, I tried to cut the brakes on her car.
No offense, but I think I'd rather sleep with get a star.
When she gives birth, I think her offspring should hatch.
Big old wags, and an ass to match.
Whoa, she thinks she's special.
Ha, ha, ha.
She thinks she's something else.
So Hillary, you're going to be a son of her from New York.
Not dumb and press me much.
Ha, ha, ha.
Well, you got the brain, but if you got the touch,
then don't get me wrong.
I'll blank you alright,
but that won't keep me warm in the middle of the night.
Ha, ha, ha.
That dumb impression lay much.
Ha, ha.
Like you, that is my state in the women's dress.
I love you.
I told my friend that 560 WQM said we find out
is mad dog on the day or Curtis or um...
Tom Pervisian, Ralph Dupin, you know.
Too much blood you've got.
I've been worried about mad dog.
Oh.
Okay, somebody would be on a two-way to mad dog or Curtis
or maybe a clearance, you know.
No, Clarice has got that big UM basketball tomorrow.
UM in Lafayette.
Ha, ha, ha.
Lafayette, my ass.
Wow.
659 votes on a pool.
I think we'll make our 750 today.
Maybe not.
Maybe not.
I think, like I said, 700s are gold.
If we get to 750, we'll be like a little cream on the cake
on the punky pie.
Do you have any punky pie yesterday?
I don't have any of the above yesterday.
Well, that's right.
You had to work the football game last night, didn't you?
Yep.
And here I was asking if you saw the really good game last night
Denver and Kansas City.
Well, that was a game that if Trent Green would have played
against it often, it's a man that'd kick their ass,
but it's a good thing he didn't.
659 votes, what's your take on the cars on this show?
Which I think they're coming back Monday is the rumor I'm starting.
All of it all depends on how I feel over the weekend
and how I do it that would bind tomorrow.
A few callers would be okay.
300, nice even number, few, not too many, not too few.
Bring the calls back, 195, gosh dang it.
The show is fine without the calls, 81, a mere 12.2%.
The caller is suck, 79, and I hate this pool.
Still, only four.
Still, 0.6% out of all, 660 votes, damn near.
How do you like that?
Are you impressed or what?
Of course, the big news is Larry Coquette's out at UM.
Do you realize he was there for 12 years?
And do you realize the reason they call this black Friday?
Why is that? Have you ever figured it out?
No.
I never did either until I saw the crawl on CNN a few minutes ago.
This is the day when retailers, most retailers go into the black.
Oh.
Because they do so much business today.
That's why they call it black Friday.
It's not a racial thing in spite of what that guy from Seinfeld said.
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
The biggest name for this event is...
I got a window down on a hot summer day because the AC don't work no way.
The sweating pressure loss eats thoughts dispel and gets the dusty look in over time.
I'm impacting you by the shiny grand as my lag ride.
Thanks my comment, Janet, to be reserving Washington with all the roads.
The more the heyways.
Open up Nevada Jerry Jerry.
You can leave it here.
Stop baby.
Michael Schaffek, please go and vote as people.
Sing from school.
Stop baby.
Fresh from the volunteering of the fans.
To be leaving this.
Stop baby.
Hey hey hey hey hey.
That's it.
Hey hey hey hey hey.
Hacking sectors are towering.
All tamer act with him.
On a cold attack and a coveture about the going next door.
They all drive for half a mile a day where.
That Gucci smile and they stand in line a while with no mere labor.
Leave Manhattan.
The rubs and grids.
That's an island too.
Leave the Brooklyn city.
Hit the tunnel.
And go look back.
Down the Jersey turn back to tamer act.
Throw all the moths.
And the sidewalks hail from your hair.
As you wrap your nails.
Tell your friends.
You're going to blooming.
They'll mainly won't fit far behind.
Leave Manhattan.
The rubs and grids.
That's an island too.
Leave the Brooklyn city.
Hit the tunnel.
And go look back.
Down the Jersey turn back to tamer act.
Throw all the moths.
And the sidewalks hail from your hair.
As you wrap your nails.
Tell your friends.
You're going to blooming.
They'll mainly won't fit far behind.
Down south.
Pass hack and sack.
There's a town.
Call tamer act where you live.
On a call to sack.
And could etch about the going next door.
Down south.
Pass hack and sack.
There's a town.
Call tamer act where down south.
Pass hack and sack.
There's a town.
Call tamer act where down south.
Pass hack and sack.
There's a town.
It's the little old lady from Iowa.
Yeah.
It's the little old lady from Iowa.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We haven't written in a dignity one down.
The shack's got a big condition.
60N lumière.
Night.
Now I can't think of a one who could make me meaner,
than that little old lady from Iowa.
She crawled and she saw she was a real fart.
She's a zero half counter.
She'll be fur subtractive.
She's a little old lady from Iowa.
It's a little old lady from higher league
Very slow, very slow, very slow
You've cut your oven, act like you've never seen ya
Very slow, very slow, very slow
Don't try and blow your horn to agitate
Because she'll only keep sucking on a respirator
Now I can't think of no one who would make me meaner
Then that little old lady from higher league
She grown and she started she's a real old boy
She's a tear of Hell and they'll be full of �
Or she's a little old lady from higher league
She's a little old lady from higher league
Very slow, very slow, very slow
When that little old lady from higher league
Very slow, very slow, very slow
And it's a little old lady from higher league
I love any so many so many so
It's a little old lady from Kaliah
Oh, it's right!
I heard it said too
I think I'm gonna be a head
I think that it's mine
But girl, I'm going to win
It's game 25
She's gotta took her so wide
Wrecked
She's gotta took her so wide
I'm high
She's gotta took her so wide
And she don't care
She says that's the waiting place
My cause of distress
Yeah
I don't know how she will fit
And her waiting dress
She's gotta took her so wide
She's gotta took her so wide
I'm high
I don't know
She's gotta took her so wide
And she don't care
I'll tell you why you've finished your wife
She'll be right, she'll work out in no more
She's gonna have to go on a diet
To look like she did once before
I've done everything that I could
I've needed that
To try the opposite way
Or see Jenny Craig
Oh, it's she's gotta took her so wide
She's gotta took her so wide
I'm high
She's gotta took her so wide
And she don't care
I'll tell you why you've finished your wife
She'll be right, she'll work out in no more
She's gotta have to go on a diet
To look like she did once before
I think I'll try it like this
And it's by some chance
Yeah
It is too tight in the waist
I'll get some stretch pants
Because I've got a took a so wide
I've got a took a so wide
I've got a took a so wide
We make it good fair
We make it good fair
We make it good fair
We make it good fair
We make it good fair
They're bad
They're obscene
Their records are unavailable
And they're Jewish
It's too live Jews as kosher as they want to be
With too live Jews and this rat rocks
Give me a bagel
Make mine with blocks
I met this fox
She wanted my pickle
I told her it was kosher
She didn't take the gold
I'm no schmuck
You'll get your wish
Open up wide
Eat your filter fish
With too live Jews
I'm psych
I'm motion
If you think this is nasty
Something in kosher
Kosher, what's kosher?
This is my agent
Are you ham?
You got a question
I need a question
Give me a share
New live Jews as kosher as they want to be
From Chris Records available to Sundown
And look for our next release
New Yiddes on the block
New Hasid Rock
I hope somebody fed Gary Sarner
And his whole family trafiest today on Thanksgiving
How do you like that?
That's because I'm an old bastard
1155 at 516 WQM
Somebody come up and tell me
You don't know who?
Oh it is Curtis
See I told you I knew it wasn't going to be Jim a man
Which I knew that
Why the hell would he come in on a Friday?
On a holiday
Curtis said who does in the pines did you say?
Correct
Because it says here, Pompano
And then of course the opanthers in the Washington senators
And they're paying this puss for this crap
Now you don't have to have a job, Clarence, just stay the hell away
You idiot
You silly
You fair
This is Brandy Quinn
Whenever I shake my balls
I listen to the meal Rogers 12 to 1 hour
Linda Linda Linda Linda
chips a fat thing
Linda Linda Linda
chips a fat thing
Linda Linda Linda
Linda chips a fat thing
Daddy looks like a guy
He looks like a guy
She's 70 wide
She makes me want to the shrine
A thousand
Linda Linda
chips a fat thing
A chick with a dick
With a dick
With two smelly gins
A chick
A bloated and ugly fat thing
That's how Linda
She wants the media to stop the music
And Rhythm Harren asks with songs like this
But we find that a music
From that self-promoting ugly bitch
How much were you paying?
How much were you paying?
For Monica's Day
For Monica's Day
By Richardson, Melon's Day
That's what Linda Linda Linda
chips a fat thing
I wish you always leave me alone
I'm just like everyone else who out there
I know you'll make me do this
We'll be in love with your privacy
Just who do you think you're a fooling?
You had a conscious ugly smelly thing
You're really that drive-shin' a dress
A queen of me
chips a fat thing
Child obesity is a national epidemic
But how can you teach your kids healthy eating habits?
It's easy with low carb Mr. Potato Head
Cool low carb Mr. Potato Head to ears are made out of bacon
And his feet are made out of lamb chops
Yes all the parts of low carb Mr. Potato Head are made from all the healthy food your kids should eat
Put in eyes made from steak or a mouth made from pork loin
Can we get the eat of the pain of?
No kids that has carbs
That's why you should never eat vegetables
or fruit or bread or dairy products
If you want your kids to grow up healthy
don't get them toys like bicycles or basketball
Find them low carb Mr. Potato Head
Well the maker is a little tic-tac-sangial plastic kid
It puts the lotion in the basket
It mixes it all up
It puts the lotion in the basket
It puts them both together
It puts the lotion in the basket
When the eyeball falls out
It puts the lotion in the basket
Then it has to hose it out
It puts the lotion in the basket
It's what I have to get
It puts the lotion in the basket
It's to rub it on my bread
It puts the lotion in the basket
I have to dry clean my skin so it puts the lotion in the basket
I said dog well
I switched my feet my legs I said dog well
I like to dance around this way
I don't like promised
In the near future
But that is jap widz
I have no more
No more
That's how you'd say
Look outside on the same
Look outside on the same
George Bush has got your name
Look outside on the same
He says we know
We know just what you're doing
Look outside on the same
You've been a very 94
Oh very 94
You've been a bunch of new
Oh, inside on the same
You'll get you
You've got some missiles pointed at you
And he's loved to follow me back
Back into the middle of the ages he loved to
He loved to love to love to love to
George W is the president
He is the president
And Congress wants him to explain
What's he to explain
They say what do
What do you think you're doing
What do you think you're doing
He says we're gonna take him out
He's gonna take him out
He's gonna get this new
He's the same bomb
Inside of he loved you
He loved you
Shoot a bunch of missiles
That you hear he loved
To follow right
Back into the middle of the ages he loved to
He loved to love to love to love to
He loved to love to love to love to
Really time for your animal
On G-s mom, not another animal
Kids just hate getting animals
And moms hate giving them
But now there's a brand new animal
That kids just love
Introducing new M&Animus
That can be coated chocolate
That makes getting cleaned out fun
Hey mom, can I have another animal?
I don't know Billy, that makes your third animal today
Please, well
Okay, cool, and this time I want a green one
Oh sorry son, I took all the green ones
Oh dear, I'm my two boys
New M&Animus, melts in your butt, not in your head
Bracum
When this quarterback gets lonely
You fairy
He likes receivers that are wise
Some people say that number rate is gay
They say Troy loves the big brown eye
Ackman
He goes down on his knees
Ackman
It's guys he likes to please Ackman
He loves to slap cowboys on their behind
He's got a spotless reputation
America's team is world renowned
But is Troy gay?
I've heard some people say
In the heart, he goes down
Ackman
He goes down on his knees Ackman
I can't some balls to squeeze Ackman
Don't let them cause he likes it from behind
Oh oh oh oh, right
I'm on a nijad
I'm on a nijad
I'm on a nijad
He's really good
I'm a nijad
He's a nijad
He's kinda like melgips
With the big and scrappy beard
And he wears a brown jacket that looks like he bought it
And then the red public
Off the discount rack
I'm on a nijad
I'm on a nijad
I'm on a nijad
Hey, do you want to run faster?
Job higher and make the blind see again?
Why do you want to move like the wind?
Sure like an eagle and raise people from the dead?
Huh? Yeah?
Then there's only one show that I'll do
See you all new!
Air Jesus!
Jesus!
Just put a bear on!
What they'll do for your game is a miracle!
Oh, God, that was an angel!
Wow, look at the bones taking out
Wait, are you a little air Jesus?
Yeah, why?
And just lift the butt, man!
Oh, wow!
He's flying now!
Get me the ball!
Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, lies in the soul
The pendant, Cushion Jamry, is filled with avion
Carefully laid into the scene
So every part of your foot is always walking on water
Sorry, not responsible for anyone in chamber that turns to wine
And coming soon, look for the only air Jesus costrangers
Air Jesus!
Now make you feel like you're pulling again!
Woke up at 2 p.m.
Face down in a gutter
My mouth tasted like mong
My brain was like butter
Crawled up on my feet
Brushed myself off
Little for stoke
F, F, started to cough
Reached in my pocket
Pulled out my trusted AM radio
Got ready for the evening
With a stand major show
Yeah, got ready for the evening
With a stand major show
Got ready for the evening
With a stand major show
Tonight on E
It's a very special episode of star dates
Star dates, Friday, 7.30 p.m.
I'm entering the apartment complex of my blind date
I hope she's slender and beautiful and a virgin
You know how I like to go boldly where no man has gone before
Hello, honey, my god
She's huge
She's got her own gravitational pull
Must have taken a train
Scotty, beam me up quick
I can't eat you, it's Captain
She's got the pull of me
That's all tonight on an out of this world episode of star dates
I think you're not anchovin'
I ain't gonna work in no more
Feel good
I've had enough
Of all the crannies
Faries has had no more
I've gotten tired of getting money away
If you have a Christian
Or a Christian
You can take your card
And jump in
All right
I ain't gonna work in no more
Well, I was a Christian
Soldier of God
A believer of these years
All that time
I followed every word
Of the scriptures
Written by queers
Catch keys
To ease the powerful God
And an unknown one in a mighty way
Except in 9-11
When he must have been gone
On a bust-win holiday
Take your card and shove it
I ain't gonna work in no more
Feel good
But you're all right
If your wind looks
Because everybody else is wrong
And I'm getting tired of watching people die
And the name of it is visible
Lord
Take your card and shove it
All right
I ain't gonna work in no more
No
Take your card and shove it
All right
I ain't gonna work in no more
Why tell you one thing? This is mighty enjoyable
In fact, it's going over like Calabai
And Jerusalem, you know what's going over pretty good
With me, I don't know about you, but
What? Excuse me, what? Exactly
709 votes, how do you like that? I think we should go for 800
You said 8 before and I thought, well, this man is a maniac
Probably too many refried beans on Thanksgiving Day
I know it's a Mexican thing, but God
I think I'm going to Taco Bell today
You know what sounds really good to me?
And Omelette, you take a burrito supreme
You take all the insides out
And you put it inside an omelette
Okay
Doesn't that sound good? Sure
As opposed to eating the burrito, which is loaded with carbs
And probably gonna give me an oil clog
What's your take on a caller?
709 votes, you wait till Monday, man, something may or may not happen
Would have regarded and all depends on what I feel
A few would be okay, 322
Not too many, a few calls
Like maybe 4 or 5 a year
An hour
Bring the calls back to 13
30% of this audience
30, man
Olsen, bring those bastards back
The show is fine without the calls, only 88, 12 and a half percent
The caller is suck, 82
And I hate this poll out of over 700 votes still
Solimente Quattro, how do you like that?
Only for 0.5 percent
And a number of people can relate to
The biggest name
A point size
The best talent
This is one of the law leaders
Forced radio 560
As you A.M
George Bush doesn't care about black people
Starting in two
This is not a sports show now, so we don't give a crap
And Yamama, how do you like that?
So socks and hell
Every time they see that we're lacking it's a call
To-to-to-to
They probably have life that will be you by the call
Who said
They said
Is the one
Now they
Have only one
Big
Taylor Heard
Don't point it out, she's gone
We got it
That way we'll put me insane
You got it
A rally won't attack us so long
You got it
Where is Bush?
My kids
Mishai
Nine and eleven
Is what they got you to believe
Can't get it in double
But a home party cut off today
You believe
What they say
Like the call
Like the call
Like the call
Like the union
Like the union
Like the union
Like the call
Like the call
Like the election
We got it
Bush has got it
We got it
Let them on your knees
We got it
Yeah
Yeah
We got it
Oh
In a place that smells just like the bad day I've been through
It's back
Back dressed and dragged the dream that we need to hear
It's on a prequel circle that may be
It seems all you got to do is just ask to hear
Yeah
Who wives just ask to sound with the Taliban?
Welcome
H girls, the don't wear pants that's a Taliban now
Tell about that
We'll take your back
Runs slowly but drag
Build with smiles
I want to say school for the world
But we can't share our secrets
I embrace my kids like 50 miles
I never know when I call them down
Who's a fool who's thinking that it's the Taliban now
As a book writer it'll determine the Taliban
And here's your bum
For the Taliban in Afghanistan
And now
Oh
Oh
My god
Oh
My god
Well he's a Taliban Happy Night Mead
Who got the money from his daddy?
And as I said, my little granny
Who's in a gender that's grainy?
Oh, well he's the talent-hassy Nazi
Double their fillet
Well he's a presidential son
Who doesn't have to run?
No one else is gonna win
He might as well just move right in
SIGHIRE
SIGHIRE
SIGHIRE
SIGHIRE
SIGHIRE
He has a golden spoon
He was born with a pizzazz
So look out all you Jews
Get ready for the gas
He's the talent-hassy Nazi
Oh, hey!
He'll give our civil rights to Wamy
Oh, I see the talent-hassy Nazi
Double their fillet
Well he's a very wealthy dude
With very fashions to you
Who never pays his dues?
My next year will all be screwed!
SIGHIRE
SIGHIRE
SIGHIRE
SIGHIRE
Any smart could win that race?
Against Buddy McKay
Why do you think they call it Goober?
Vitorial anyway!
He's a talent-hassy Nazi
Oh, he'll make the KKK happy
Oh, yeah he's a talent-hassy Nazi
Double their fillet
He'll give our civil rights to Wamy
Come on!
Let's do step!
Come on, Nino!
Let's go for it!
Come on!
SIGHIRE
Every day's the news is morning
We have a yellow light
And it's that must be
They have something to hide
And how they manipulate their minds
What's really heavy?
And the kind of stuff that's used
Like a yellow light
Designed by the corporate media right
And that's why we have a yellow light
Can't explain the meaning of what needs light to do
What needs light to do?
She's at his desk with a set of clothes
And noodles got through
You got a costume
It needs light then
What's it to do?
They have a yellow light
What's that name?
Something they can't define
I'm a white
We have a yellow light
A big light
It needs light then
What's it to do?
They have a yellow light
What's that name?
Something they can define
Hey everybody, I'm brown and brown
Accountable for everybody, brown and brown
That's a human being
I'm a big disappointment
But I got a brown nose
And I know it's where I pointed
There was no rush to get them saved
They don't vote Republican
And anyway, I did everything
I possibly can
They sure am I support
For the club's plans
Oh what a job I had
And the director of FIFA
When I ain't much more than a weasel and skimmer
And a clueless son of a bitch
Get your skigs, brown nose and the ridge
Get your skigs, brown nose and the ridge
You all means as wiped out and gone
But double you said I did one heck of a job
And it sure pays off
To be a crowning and another white maize
The Christian, Bonnie, the National Guard
Is down there now
We thought it's just to get the press out of town
Everybody go home
There's nothing to see
Everything here is pretty cheek-cane
Over hurricane gave us the big easy
For deal-con social engineering
Like a giant raid public in Swain-Chain
Praise Jesus for our Lord and King
Praise Jesus for our Lord and King
I don't believe in compassion
What we lack
It serves the right
To have less blacks and you dissenters
Who say it's a national disgrace
They shouldn't have it black
In the first place
This is no time to blame
The blame game
Since we know that furry kings are called by kings
Who are not the right gunna all-monger
Like Scotty McLean and Carl Rowe
All we're achieving here
A Marriot-Kiss-Rite-Wing Dream
To make everybody white like me
And an ignorant son of a bitch
Who gets his job, brown nose and the ridge
Oh, how I miss getting behind you
Maybe in horses
I'd rather do that than watch floating corpses
On the negligent vertebrae now
And I'll keep going down
And keep my nose brown
On the negligent vertebrae now
But I'll keep going down
To keep my nose brown
Heck of a job, brownie
Okay, a couple of quick stories here
To interspers before we do anything else
I don't want to interrupt the flow of this, but nevertheless
Yeah, what the hell?
The sixth floor of the Mimehealed newspaper building
Has been evacuated after a man identified as a former cartoonist for El Nuevo
Newsroom
El Nuevo Herald
Enter the newsroom with a gun
Like that
Maybe it's going to be black and red Friday
Are we sure hope now? We know my innocent bystanders getting shot up there, do we?
Well, it all depends on who they are
And speaking of violence and bloodshed
Malisha men grabbed six sunnies as they left Friday worship services to the in Baghdad
Now it's them with kerosene and burn them alive
As the raki soldiers stood by
And seven suny mosques came under attack and she had stuck revenge for the slaughter of at least 215 people in the Saudi city
So I'm here today
A US helicopter will fire in the Shi'idon clave after militiamen fired on her from the ground
There were no media reports of casualties
It's a picnic over there, maybe you bring the ants
The biggest names of best talents
The biggest names of best talents
This is Neil Rogers
Force Radio 560
1232
Here's a little bit more on that thing at the herald
One little more? Please
Not too much
Mime and police have begun evacuating the six floor of the herald building
After a man claiming to be armed walking into the six floor newsroom according to police
What does that have to do with sports? Oh good point
How'd you like that rejoin? We had an last break by the way
Well, you can hear more about Larry Coker getting fired at two when we start talking important stuff sports on QAM
Yes, screw you guys
Anyway, employees identified the man is the only waybo hero cartoonist Jose Varela
Why sure? Hope he's not kind to alien every rally, you know her?
I do
They said for a vanilla Varela appeared agitated demanded to see on waybo hero's executive editor Omberto Castello
He appeared to be armed with a handgun employee said
And the waybo hero Harold is a Spanish language newspaper published by the herald media company
And that nobody speaks English wants
I thought it was a joke when employees said
Yes, some joke
Another employee said Varela walked in started talking to employees then he began ordering women out for their own security the employee said
About 12 to 15 workers inside the newsroom were present employees said on the waybo hero's employees have been instructed not to talk to other reporters
Keep mum, you know what I'm saying?
In any language the man's motives are unclear police said he just pissed off because your people get very emotional
Miguel that we do not blooded an emotional
Miami police asked their counterparts at the date county police department to dispatch marine patrol units to gain security of the herald's waterfront
So date spokesman Alvaro Zabaleta he didn't know how many marine officers were dispatched and I hear that Andrew Kunehlens on the way to
What Gary are doing tonight?
And calling minds want to know
That's why inquiring minds read the Miami hero
Is Maurice Fere really having sex with an alien from outer space?
It's in the hell
Is Paula Hawkins the true mother of the elephant man?
It's in the hell!
Is John Kennedy sleeping with Max Henry?
It's in the hell!
Is Jim Baker about to get birthday's airing fall welds baby?
It's in the hell!
Sex, sex, sex, more, hot, sex, oh it's in the hell!
Lost Gary Hart's amazing rights, Diane from Florida
A crossword puzzle that has no answers
Our own Pulitzer prize is just for us
I'd call his love letters to Neil Rogers
And we're so sorry Uncle Albert but we haven't heard of bloody thing all day
Mindless, family rhetoric!
It's all in the latest issue of the Miami Herald
Available at supermarket checkout counters everywhere
And we're finally nu sprout
La la la la la la la la la!
Skype ready now
I want some wind
UAiseigninel mail, quote-unv
These are football they do, inside the wall of meat
The kind of guy that I want to do, let's do this to keep.
I want to hit, he'll go on a date, but there's no chance at all.
So does the make me a sports queer, if I want to see him grab the ball?
Absolutely.
Oh baby wow!
Look at that kid, he'll wait to see no man quite like gravy with.
La la la la la la la la la la la la la.
I gotta hide every discreet that helps me see his moments.
I can't do what I want, but I ain't gonna ever get none.
No need to age up a vision school, okay, that's not so great.
But I'm just gonna go to the maddening, at least until he's 28.
So I'm gravy, he's out.
I want some queer, you ain't seen no man quite like gravy with.
Oh baby wow!
Look at that kid, he'll wait to see no man quite like gravy with.
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la.
Oh, believe me on my child.
My lawyer says it's worth quite well for some.
I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man.
I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man.
I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man.
I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man.
I'm not a man, I'm not a man.
He's the God of life.
He's the God of life.
He's the God of life.
I'm glad
Glaming on my child
The daughter of those toys that I never had
The only geochrome in my life
What my child and I feel still died
Before you judge me
And call me freaking
Let me find and thought and say
I believe it on my child
Yellow might originally try to make a big yellow
Hello
Hello, in a perfect
What the hell's the matter, honey?
I'm getting up
Are you crying?
You sound like you're crying
I'm getting up by aliens
You've been getting up again?
By aliens
You've been getting up by aliens?
Where they done took you?
Albuquerque
Albuquerque?
Is that an America?
Where is it?
In New Mexico
Albuquerque is
Yeah, I was in Georgia
No, no, no, Mexico
I don't believe you, honey
You don't have to lie to me
No, I want to get married
I really do it just that I was kidnapped by aliens
I'll have to leave you, honey
They got short hair
Who does?
The aliens have short hair
You say short hair, you mean like Ryan C. Chris Short
A little longer than that
A little longer like Fabio
They're going to the bigot's younger hair
All right, honey, don't yell at me
I believe you
Where are you? Can I pick you up?
I'm at a 7-11
7-11? Yes
Can you give me a slurpee?
What?
Slurpee
Like a blueberry wolf
I just think you're kidnapped!
I think you're a slurpee
All right, I'll get it myself
You really been kidnapped, honey?
My alien to the blue van
Aliens drive a blue van
Yes
Like a Chevy van?
No
To the Ford? No
What kind of van is that?
What kind of van is that?
Does they do anything to you?
Does they probe you? No
Folk you? No
Pride you? No
Like love to you
No you idiot! I'm not coming along
Staying at the 7-11
You don't want to marry me to you? No
What? No I don't
But I forgive you
I don't care, you can come home
I'm done with it, I'm this sheep
I love you, take care
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
This is Neil Rogers
4th radio 560, QAM
Centarity
Let's go! You get a lot of b****
Farts
The deal Rogers on sports
Radio WQAM
You're not straight, Mark Folies are whole
You're fairy
Another time republican
Or less queer-bull
Lady Neil Bond had the rules again
What a part of the world
Is Christian blood
Is it still the right option?
Yeah
Oh yeah
That gave a chance of good
I'm pretty good
I'm pretty good
I'm pretty good
I'm pretty good
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
In front of your judge
And the one falling walk it
All havin too much fun
With too much roll it
This is Julli Crouch can't bebar behii nna
Yeah
It's just above the fall
All around the pound serve
Around the poundрушli
On the fly
It's a whole lot of fun.
It's a whole lot of fun.
It's a whole lot of fun.
It's a whole lot of fun.
It's a whole lot of fun.
It's a whole lot of fun.
It's a whole lot of fun.
It's a whole lot of fun.
It's a whole lot of fun.
It's a whole lot of fun.
It's a whole lot of fun.
It's a whole lot of fun.
It's a whole lot of fun.
It's a whole lot of fun.
It was shot to sea.
It was shot to sea.
It was shot to sea.
It was shot to sea.
It was shot to sea.
It was shot to sea.
It was shot to sea.
It was shot to sea.
It was shot to sea.
It was shot to sea.
It was shot to sea.
It was shot to sea.
It was shot to sea.
It was shot to sea.
It was shot to sea.
It was shot to sea.
It was shot to sea.
It was shot to sea.
It was shot to sea.
It was shot to sea.
It was shot to sea.
It was shot to sea.
It was shot to sea.
It was shot to sea.
It was shot to sea.
That was black shirt.
My dog!
I'm doing my spin.
It was my dog!
走 her pressure
I had tempered by Basicallyتي peratic ż back it go!
And culture is a party girl Party girl Party girl
And culture is a party girl Party girl Party girl
On her back, with her red
And she's got a bomb on her back
And she's got a bomb on her back
And she's got a bomb on her back
And she's got a bomb on her back
A more of a smoster, a good girl who wants to be a media home
For versed on top quiver
You want power? All this lady? Here's what I'll give you
She's got a book to read about Slandering
Nobody knows more about Slandering out
With a big scoop of mouth and he won't do the left of mangola
Such a good, christian girl, you want to strangle her
Bontificating who she's hating
Political pundit, pontificating Trump on the floor
And a Republican skanky home
She's a federalist, emote
Making liberal dirty work, you know
In a many-sturcho and camel dough
And culture knows what it can be
In a many-sturched, that spells fishy
She's a tall drink of water on the side of a large order
With a back alley look, if you like your garage taller
If you got the money, she'll spread those legs
With a cigarette and a shark neck
And culture and culture, political pundits
The edge of the rock, it's easy
Ow!
The temperature is zero
It is cold, it is so freaking cold
And I cringe every time the wind blows
In my pants, something is shrinking
I'm so cold I can't lip-sync
That's because it's zero baby
And I cannot feel my thoughts
There's a tingling in my fingers
And my pride that puts a force
Oh, my nose is about to fall
There's a cloud every time that I call
And my hands are blue
They are turning on
They might have cuties, my thoughts
That's because it's zero baby
I can barely move my mouth
Oh, no
I'm a red hat like tin lava
But first I need to be gone out
Yes, I need to be gone out
That's because it's zero
That's it for you
Yes and high
Yes the way God wants to speak
And cover it in sweet rain egg and egg
Rain egg and egg
Rain egg and egg because he wants to make new or leaves peace
And I don't care what people are saying
It's like Jesse Jackson
We as black people
His comments are bizarre
Surely God is man
He compares the vocals to a willy wank upon
Chocolate egg and egg
Yes, right now he can
Rain egg and egg because he wants to make new or leaves peace
It's time for us to come together
It's time for us to rebuild a New Orleans
The one that should be
Uptown or wherever they are
This city will be chocolate
A chocolate nuance
He never takes the blame
For anything he says
Chocolate at the end of the day
With that chocolate in some coffee
And a cup of warm ballads
Rain egg and egg
Rain egg and egg
Rain egg and egg
Rain egg and egg
Because he wants to make new or leaves peace
You can't have New Orleans no other way
It wasn't in the war
The biggest name, the best talent
This is Neil Rogers
Forged Radio 560
I just prayed to Quinn
I like to shave my legs, arms and buns
While listening to the Neil Rogers
One to two hours
I got a call here, the number one rated the Moe Highland in David and his home
At least according to my aspirations
Stay away from it
I don't even know how you have children
Mirabah, hello
Yes, I want to take on J. Feeder
Oh, J. Feeder is a great quarterback and a good joke
I like J. Feeder
Well, not to mention he's got extraordinary, never-least smooth but pops
Oh, yeah
David, you gotta be careful what you say here
Oh, kicked up, thank you more
No, no, wait a minute, it's all go
But I have nothing else to say
How about this?
I was the weather down there in Mirabah
I'm right down the street from you
I have to go
Oh, wait, by the way, something
No, no, I have to go
Look, I tell you what, I'll hold you open up break, how's that?
I'll give you one of my old Tantatians, how's that?
No way, too
That was the only caller we had
The failing time in New Orleans is blowing again
No, no, no, no, no
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Wow! You got things with you, things
On your nose and on your face
And around those losing pimples
You blow my eyes out
If you go look in the mirror you'll be a road not for Yips of empty
You're just your happy son, way too shy, shy, shy, wow, wow
My nose glows when something stays, almost every day I think
And my veins suddenly start to tickle
I had to noise, did it torture, torture, torture
Yeah, I'd fall, like a drop falling apart
Can't for cause I'm a criminal, fine
But when I know it's next to, it's my full face
Yeah, it's my full face
I've been glad to watch the screen
And science cannot establish a reason
I would have a reason, I would fall, like a drop falling apart
I would have a reason, I would fall, like a drop falling apart
Try not to sink out, I would have a reason
I'm just lying
I just know how it ended today
We're gonna have a little union here, Gelde and I
Weans they had the little problem with the starting show feed, did it?
I think that this satellite fell down as something
Yeah, like your butt
Why I'll have you know my butt ducks are the lightfully fine, thank you very much
Now if they don't mind, let's repaint in a sanctity of sports
How about a little touchy feeling?
Now see here
Beware
Over here
Now see here
What, you hear?
What a sucker
Yeah, so stupid
I am so stupid like they say
I'm the official voice of the pants
Take deal
Why I'll have you know I made my bones when you were in embryo
How do you know?
Well, there's something I never told you
Yeah
I'm your father
Daddy
Son
I'm an embryo
I just don't have an egg
That was wild
Hey, what do you think?
Hey, you're so stupid
I'm not scared
I'm just kidding
I'm not scared
I'm not scared
I'm not scared
I'm not scared
I'm not scared
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
What's the next time?
What?
That's the time!
What's the next time?
Yeah!
You have to get that!
What?
What?
What?
Get out of that!
What?
Get out of that!
Get out of that!
Get out of that!
Get out of that!
Get out of that!
Get out of that!
Get out of that!
Get out of that!
Get out of that!
Get out of that!
Get out of that!
Get out of it!
Get out of that!
Get out of that!
Yeah!
No no no no tastes...
Let me even throw this away...
Ohhh!
Oh yeah!
Of course you'll get to extinguish it!
Brent, just tell me not to tighten it up!
What the fuck!
Yeah!
Absolutelyaler I think.
Oooh, what he at least?
I can get a little piece of quiet.
I am all.
What are you doing here, not all?
When I wait in my hair, I pull my oven,
dressed up like honey, steam, and that's for you.
Failure. You're forcing me to do this.
Hey, how about a nice Hawaiian punch?
Sure.
Oh, no.
Oh, no, no.
Oh, no, no.
Oh, no, no.
Oh, no, no.
Oh, no, no.
Oh, no, no.
Oh, no, no.
Oh, no, no, no.
Oh, no, no.
Oh, no, no.
Oh, no, no.
Oh, no, no.
Oh, no, no.
Oh, no, no.
Oh, no, no, no.
Oh, no, no.
Oh, no, no.
Oh, no, no, no.
Oh, no, no, no.
Oh, no, no.
Oh, no, no.
Oh, no, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no, no.
Oh, no, no.
Oh, no, no.
Hey, Farah!
By the way, sir, I've been given it some stuff.
Oh, what do you think it is?
I know that me and you can do much better to go in sixth to tenth and not in five.
A Gentile in the cranky too.
I think we might be happy to get there.
I think you really got out of your mind.
You got to have your weary bag, stand on to tight.
No chance I'll do a show with you.
I'd rather die with the crappy together.
Why I'll help you know that I'm a big, ma big Jew, from Brooklyn Heights.
I've been rigged and I have buried my Jew.
You're not tight tight.
We involved in that with love.
No way that if we had a fight, that you'd survive.
Who'd wanna hear a Gentile?
And push it tight, that's crappy together.
Two ones,
Add out.
One Zoe 저기 Letter.
Two Dotk's
Two Dotk's
Shoulders
want your cheeks.
And what do you think it is?
Th emotional hint being good at short term is less selfless.
It's only right that I should get more sleep midnight, I think we might, be happy to get dead.
sweat sweat sweat sweat walk let's go baby, next son
...
At the same time I can get my share on display.
Ahem, points I can find out.
If he was supposed to pinch a guy, said, what?
I know what I'm talking about.
Every morning at the condo, I take the elevator down,
and on my way to the car when I pull my clothing basket out,
I give a free condo paper.
The door is a back and pound.
The door is a back and pound.
The door is a back and pound.
The door is a back and pound.
The door is a back and pound.
The door is a back and pound.
The door is a back and pound.
The door is a back and pound.
The door is a back and pound.
I said the door is a back and pound.
Why you lose?
Ah, my car, a long use for all books.
I know I've been taking a toll on a tattoo,
but I know all the new Maja rules.
I picked to the judge, Daddy O'Reilly.
You better go and toss and I,
it's the better show when I take your place.
I know I ain't no edc,
but when they drop my boys, we'll change.
You lose, you lose, you lose, you lose.
You lose, you lose, you lose.
You lose, you lose, you lose.
You lose, you lose, you lose.
I won't do it, I won't do it.
I won't do it, I won't do it.
Anyway.
See y'all soon.
aro Chanel said she would put that in Tag Randy in the town.
We were brave.
Let's all go out to sell some.
You learn how to dance!
Learn how to dance, and hide the rope!
I'm gonna go back to the
I'm gonna go back to the
I'm gonna go back to the
I'm gonna go back to the
I'm gonna go back to the
I'm gonna go back to the
I'm gonna go back to the
I'm gonna go back to the
I'm gonna go back to the
I'm gonna go back to the
I'm gonna go back to the
I'm gonna go back to the
I'm gonna go back to the
I'm gonna go back to the
I'm gonna go back to the
I'm gonna go back to the
I'm gonna go back to the
I'm gonna go back to the
I'm gonna go back to the
I'm gonna go back to the
I'm gonna go back to the
I'm gonna go back to the
I'm gonna go back to the
I'm gonna go back to the
I'm gonna go back to
the
this
with a bridge
Access with a path so the deal here is is that basically if you're an employee
The deal is they don't know what what tells going on. There's nothing new if you've been sleeping or like
Black Friday and or whatever you've been doing a former employee of the Eleno way boy Harold the Harold Spanish language
They lose papers inside one hero plans of building in downtown Miami with a machine gun man. I sure it's not a good machine
The former employee identified as Jose Verrella former cartoonist
It said to be on the sixth floor where the newspapers produced as of noon the entire floor was evacuated
Verrella was reported to be inside on Berrito Castello Castello's office
Castello's executive editor of the Spanish newspaper. I'll Harold Verrella was reportedly fired last February
Maybe he's got a fire. Let's hope not. He's got a machine gun man
Police have a surround with the building and CNN's all over this like I said like stink on clearance. That's February
I beg your pardon last February
He got canned while it says was be poorly fired last February while he's a slow burn. Yeah, seriously
Or maybe he's just there to make a statement, you know who the hell knows what's going on? It's your people
772 votes will be surpassed to 750 that I was going at very modestly today because I don't want to fall short, you know wouldn't be the first time
772 Miguel said we're gonna go for 800 votes today. I think we can do it. We got a real shot. Oh, that's a bad
What's your take on the callers a few would be okay 350
Bring the calls back with an exclamation point 231 you maniac you look at it. I'll tell you it's so much easier for me, you know
And I'm as easy as today, but it's pretty easy
The show is fine without the calls only 95 a mere 12.2%
The caller suck 92 that's another 12% and I hate this pool. What do you think that is what you're probably looking at it?
No still the same for out of 774 votes still the same for 0.5%
Is that impressive or what bear me while CNN
But they're all set up all the cameras are outside they are herald Plaza and they're all whipped up into a frenzy and nobody knows a damn thing
The biggest day so it is 10.5 days that's in for honors now for 20.5 60
Holy Mackinac. This is Joe Bo on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God
Jessica
Nick
Guess all the rumors were true
Jess can date the jackass guy Nick Scott strippers to do
Jessica Nick
Over and my both of them are free. I miss that goofy newly wedged show on MTV
Oh
Jessica Nick
Sometimes that's just how it goes
When you marry someone who thinks wings come from far from
Oh
Joe lie he's such a pain
With any luck you'd be run down by a train
Jessica
So
But when that gets all of it, it'll be right over
solo
뭘 ist, qué sakak n discriminators
Police got my butt, police got my butt, police got my butt, oh yes and I had quite a lot
Police got my butt, police got my butt, but that's alright with me, cause it was sprayed with pettacは
Alright, I want to wish them a Merry Christmas, I want to wish them a Merry Christmas, I want to wish them a Merry Christmas, while they're smoking all of my butt, I want to wish them a Merry Christmas, I want to wish them a Merry Christmas, I want to wish them a Merry Christmas, I want to wish them a Merry Christmas, while they're smoking all of my butt, police got my butt, police got my butt, police got my butt, police got my butt, police got my butt, police got my butt, police got my butt, police got my butt, police got my butt, police got my butt, police got my butt, police got my butt, police got my butt, police got my butt, police got my butt, police got my butt, police got my butt, police got my butt, police got my butt, police got my butt, police got my butt, police got my butt, police got my butt, police got my butt, police got my butt, police got my butt, police got my butt, police got my butt,
police up, police got my butt please bath, police got my butt, police got my butt, police got my butt, police got my butt, police got my butt, police get my butt, police got my butt, police got my butt, police got my butt, police got my butt, police got my butt, police got my butt, police got my butt, police got my pants, police got my butt, relax, I want to wish them a Merry Christmas, I want to wish them a Merry Christmas, I want to wish another Merry Christmas, I want to wish my other slaencies a Merry Christmas, is a Merry Christmas, I want to wish them a Merry Christmas, one Merry Christmas, goodall to you, maybe a Merry Christmas, are very happy subject and never I want to wish them a Merry Christmas, so glad to use them a Merry Christmas, I want to wish them a Merry Christmas, I want to wish them a Merry Christmas, or I want to wish them a Merry Christmas, maybe a Merry Christmas, but a Merry Christmas doo to you,
I wanna wish them a merry Christmas
I wanna wish them a merry Christmas
While they're smoking all of my fun
I wanna wish them a merry Christmas
Rock and roll historians digging in the childhood home of Jim Morrison
Recently uncovered tapes of a legendary singer, no one knew existed
And now you can experience a Jim Morrison Christmas
Santa's on the roof
I heard the reindeer hooves
He's coming down the clue
He's got something for you
Santa's on the roof
Here's the chance to lift your spirits in this joyous season
with the melancholy sounds of one of the most depressing artists in rock history
Yeah, the chestnuts grow still
All the families so still
Rainbows high as a kite
Under the family of fire
It's the lizard king at his most festive
A Jim Morrison Christmas
I hate him, please don't get one to me
They're more annoying when they come see you
A Jim Morrison Christmas
It's the seed either proves the Yuletide season is still alive
Even if he isn't
Freedom's dead, freedom's dead, let's bury our heads
Freedom's dead, freedom's dead, let's bury our heads
A Jim Morrison Christmas
It's the seed or the big scrap out of us
A Jim Morrison Christmas
I'll show a host of mine
when it's the best of our men
To be
Freedom's dead, freedom's dead, let's bury our heads
Freedom's dead, freedom's dead, let's bury our heads
I'm dying on the hands
You're free and freedom is beautiful
And you know, it'll take time to restore chaos
But we will
We will take the living season's killer's lost in the Frank
And all the old things that have had a while
Let's get to the top of the corner of the corner
Freedom's dead, freedom's dead, let's bury our heads
Freedom's dead, freedom's dead, let's bury our heads
Freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom's dead, freedom
The world has to evolve and�and you'll deserve it You got the power hour with the Humper Soto log guest and then Hank five to seven Panther preview at seven o'clock and the Panthers against what it says in the schedule, The Washington Senator
at seven thirty you better brush-up on your hockey Mr. Clarence because you wouldn't know the senators from your ass, end of the K, after the hockey game
It's the crappin'als Mr. and if anybody don't know about the crappin'als, it's you Clarence because crap is your middle name
It's Friday you best, dads
It's late at night, you're fast asleep and a shadowy figure is about to break into your home.
But you're protected!
Yes, it's the James Brown Home Security Law!
The heart is working along in the safety business.
Designed by the Godfather of Home Protection himself.
The James Brown Law protects you from burglar, vandals, peep and talk.
And if you act now, we'll include it no extra cost.
The fattened James Brown hot pants, far along.
So put the sole patrol on your keyhole.
With the James Brown Home Security System.
You'll say, I'm being good!
Have you ever turned on the radio and said, that song makes me sick.
Well now, KO Pack Take Records presents, songs that make you wanna throw up.
Yes, on songs that make you wanna throw up, you get sting.
If I ever lose my love, I'll lose my love.
Like a complete barper on a, and who could forget their classic?
Puk, puk, puk, puk, puk, and ho, puk, puk, puk, puk, and ho, puk, puk, puk, puk, and ho, puk, puk, puk, puk, puk, you know you make me wanna bar.
My nose reaps, I roll my child now, I hop my cookies, I hop my new devour, you don't even know how to do it.
Songs that make you wanna throw up.
I thought Christie and the tea was fairy tale.
Absolute.
This religious thing was not for me.
They held a big convention.
They let me in for free.
I had no idea what I was about to see.
They were speaking in tongues, that made me a believer.
Was kind of fun.
They just stick it out of high ground.
Speaking tongue.
They got me believe in my talking wings, and from side to side.
The Lord will now embrace me.
I flat my tongue to the feet.
Babb.
Now whatever I do, he'll forgive me.
Oh, was now I speak in tongue.
But that makes me a believer.
La, la, la, la, la, la.
And I'm having fun.
La, la, la, la, la, la.
Playing around with my mouth.
La, la, la, la, la, la.
I speak in tongue.
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la.
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la.
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la.
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la.
I can be numbered back on 80 over school.
I said when I grow up, that's what I wanted to.
But now it's run by greedy corporate wholesome systems
That only care about the bottom by not you
They are omnipotent, their power has no end
They got to see you with daddy, push his friends
And something so much important to hear instead
They can't just hold the bell
Your face was wired up
They can't just hold the bell
They want it in
We're trying to give the lady upside
We're trying to give the lady upside
It's a bargain and the challenge is gone
The sounds are saying no matter where you are
The cyber radio you want we take its place
They call the satellite to doorbell out and say
And find the way for thousands of dollars
If you would check that gift you should've made on the hand
They all laugh, not in this far brain
They can't give the lady upside
We're trying to give the lady upside
They're trying to give the lady upside
They're trying to give the lady upside
It'll get you to pay
Don't bow guard that joy my friend
Has it over to me?
Don't bow guard that joy my friend
Has it over to me?
Roll up this other one
Just like the other one
Is the same to be a bother for it
And I need another year
Don't bow guard that joy my friend
Has it over to me?
Don't bow guard that joy my friend
Has it over to me?
Roll up this other one
Just like the other one
Is the same to be a bother for it
And I don't have another year
Don't bow guard that joy my friend
Has it over to me?
Don't bow guard that joy my friend
Has it over to me?
Don't bow guard that joy my friend
Has it over to me?
Don't bow guard that joy my friend
Has it over to me?
Has it over to me?
I don't have a personal friend
But it's Tom Feedler
And they see and end is still all over
The subject of the paper isn't being run properly
I could have told you that 20 years ago
Everybody knows that
But I haven't gone in a hero building with a machine gun
797 votes
We're going to make Miguel a accurate prognosticator
We said we go for 800 today
We only need three votes and we got 22 minutes
I think we can do it
We can do it, see?
Yeah, so three people who already voted if you vote again
Oh, 799!
So the next vote will be the 800th vote to which we'll go
Like that!
And then we'll go home
Oh, I am!
Listen, this has been pretty painless I would say
And fairly entertaining
I think this selection of crap I played today
When you consider how little we can play
You know what's really sad?
I'm scrolling through here
Desperately trying to find out that we can still play
Yeah, that's right
I'd say maybe like one out of five we can still play
Thanks a lot of choice, you miserable, hateful, sour
Glittery it, oh my god
Heaven help us
The Washington Freak Ensemblers
Sometimes I feel myself
Want a lollipop little boy?
No
Panthers of the Assemblers, Crappinals, a bunch of guys on Skates Start
The fairly things outstake
For we told a new pointy
Who'd believe their heaven's sand
With best speech of bad and bad
Christmas joy, their fairly draining
Carol's through them nose and singing
Jesus truly did us wrong
When he made the sing this song
When we heard the fairly things outstake
No, we knew that you weren't here
Join the animation
Charge on today
Have yourself them down on Christmas and fun
While your friends away will back you all away
Well you talk about embarrassing so I had to look it up in a hero on their website
Which there's nothing new by the way about the standoff, the shootout of whatever's going to happen
So it's Ottawa, it is the Senators but of course it's the Ottawa Senators
Not the Washington Senators, not the Washington Crappinals at the Panthers tonight
What a joky we are, Clarence
What a climb, what an idiot
You're fair
When you think of all the benefits you're getting
Life will be sweeter
When you catch your heater
And carry a license to be deadly
Come on and join today
It's the American way to be a member of the NRR
Aim for the meat, aim for the chest
And always aim for the head in case they're well, it's not bad
Jarkin your skills, and give them more fun
They'll be there to defend your right to hold us
Come on and join today
And you'll be proud to say you're a member of the NRRRR
Oh, oh, oh, oh, you're right
The following is a paid public service announcement from the International Raffle Association
Let's face
Most of us will never be rich
Hell, we probably won't even be successful
And that's pretty damn depressing
But as usual with every problem there is a solution
Hi, I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns
They scare the s*** out of people
And intimidate them and in giving you whatever you want
That's right handguns
Think about it
Need some cash?
Rub a bank
Don't have enough money for beer?
All of the convenience store
Take some chips and pretzels while you're at it
It's all free if you've got a handgun
Some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend?
Kill him!
It's a simple solution to life's complex problems
All I have to do is wait the five days for it
And happiness is just around the corner
Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days who cares?
Buy the damn thing off the street
Just buy a lot of handguns
It's a great alternative to working problems out
And could be considered a population controller
Yes, handguns
They just might make you fans
Down through the street's point that they'd go
Think a dollar in the garden of a tattooed gold
Each day honey got money for you
But when you take them back it's the private
Well, it's a job
A job
A job
That's a job
A job
Take your clothes on, she is just
I'm gonna hold you down to like a tuna fish
Picking up a big roll of this fat
You know only by the smell, if you can't wear it tight
Throw a handgun
Hey
What?
Let's take it out
The girls used to hand the little big fat guys
She no longer make the bulb inside
Fat men take to the shower now
And leave the stairs locked on the tower
What?
Go
And what?
And what?
Fat men take to the shower now
Cries
Cries
Cries
Let me show you some good news
8-11 maybe, 8-11 votes
Are you impressed?
No, you don't know
Mr. Lecdern
Save me a piece
I'm disappointed you passed on Clarice
Still eating people right after you kill them
Not even eating behind a tiny chrome collector
Fingerlicking
He cleans if people taste just like chicken
If you see an apple on the street
Better honor you, I did meet
Mr. Lecdern
I've got to ask
How do you eat things through that funky mask?
Though it looks good
You can't move your jaw
The first animal to use a silly stone selector
I wish I saw
You pay a visit out to Chappacol
Even cleansins on your next free
Just remember your best today's here
Somebody farted in here
And I just keep speaking
Stinging and speaking
Stinging and speaking
Stinging and speaking
Stinging and speaking
Stinging and speaking
Stinging and speaking
Stinging and
In this little room
I heard a big move
When I turned around
I knocked the room
And in the end
Here's the smell of my cartoon
And with the track of doom
A show ain't no perfume
We got a chance at emission
I'm not going missing
Open all the doors here
That's what I'm wishing to
Can't get a spell out
Pull the window up and jump down now
Can hardly drop rest
Turn the room here
Yeah
Run away north west east now
Somebody
Somebody
They know they did it
Got stinging
Close it for it
Yeah it for it
Yeah it for it
Somebody for it
Somebody for it
In here
Somebody for it
It smells like
Somebody for it
In here
Somebody for it
In here
Somebody for it
In here
Somebody for it
Yeah
Somebody for it
In here
Somebody for it
In here
Somebody for it
In here
Somebody
So cannabis
Are all men need a brand
High-polls and sea
Will not cure your wrath
Let them
Make the shaggy
Smudgey fire
Sizey
We think your good
You see
It's legal
Judged according to
A good old I will see
A good old I will see
A good old I will see
A good old I will see
Share a shit alone
They weren't playing Washington at the Panthers
Because the Leafs are playing in Washington tonight
So unless they're playing with a split squad
See what I'm saying?
I'm dumb
Not as dumb as you, Clarence, but I'm pretty dumb
So anyway, here's the Harold website is really doing a crappy job on this thing
But they finally put on a translation of the story that El Nuevo Herald posted in Spanish on its website
Translation
Okay
The cartoonist Jose Verrola is
Verrcated in the newsroom of El Nuevo Herald armed with a knife and would appear to be a submachine gunman
The newsroom has been evacuated in the reports of injuries
You're talking with the new editor of the newspaper
I'm here to uncover the two conflicts of the newspaper
Here they ridicule the exiles
There are problems with pay, he said, in a conversation with the reporter for El Nuevo
You know that the newspaper lasts little today?
This little problem is over now
This is a pigstie and somebody needs to pay
Somebody has to do it because this is how you clean Schmidt
It's about time now that they're mocking people
Today they're going to see this violence but somebody has to pay
And that's going to be Castello, he said at 11.43 am
The cartoonist ended the newsroom at 10.40 this morning dressed in camouflage
And got into an angry discussion with the photo editors
They walked into the editor's office which was empty
Upon entering he'd brandished his piece and began to throw things on the floor
And say somebody has to pay for what's happening
I was talking on the phone hung up and went to find safety in the bathroom
Said the reporter Alejandro Chaparro
With the minutes to swatch he began to encircle the building
And the reporters are all there and CNN is having a feeding frenzy
And we don't know what they have things
The video they told us about Phoenix, El Nuevo
And this is Neil Rogers, Force Radio 560, QAM
It's day in Miami town at 560 WQAM
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
Sky gravy out
I want some wind
QA, T, no net, right like gravy, wind
Absolute not
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
These are football, they are due
A silent world of meat
We kinda got that I want to do
That's good to live to keep
I want to hear it, who go on a date
But there's no chance at all
So does that make me a sports queen
If I want to see him grab the ball
Yeah
Oh baby wow
Look at that kid
You ain't seen no net, right like gravy
Wait, you ferret
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
I gotta hide every discreet
That helps me see his bones
I can do love I wanna
But I ain't gonna never get done
No days of a vision school
Okay, that's not so great
But I'm touchin' over the mountain
At least until he's 28
Yes
I'm gravy out
I want some wind
Look at that kid
You ain't seen no net, right like gravy, wind
You ain't see no net, right like gravy, wind
Look at that kid
You don't, don't, don't, don't, wait
See no net, right like gravy, wind
YAAH
Bla bla bla la la la la la la, oh
BYE BYE BYE
