Gentlemen, let's get down to business.
We do not torture.
We do not torture.
We do not torture.
We do not torture.
We do not torture.
We do not torture.
We do not torture.
We do not torture.
We do not torture.
We do not torture.
We do not torture.
We do not torture.
We do not torture.
We do not torture.
we do not torture.
torture.
we do not torture.
torture torch.
We do not torture.
Fight or spy.
we do not torture.
we do not torture.
torture.
do not torture.
We do not torture.
No, we don't do it. We put somebody else up to it. I don't want it 560 WQAM happy Monday September the 11th.
I'm not going to get all modeling and depress today just because it's the fifth anniversary of 911.
You know the thing I remember most vividly not the most important thing but most vividly about 911.
I did Tuesday morning. I remember I know what you're coming back from vacation on Sunday.
Work the previous day Monday the 10th and then Tuesday morning we're sitting there and somebody comes into the
studio and the yellows at us. Plain to the world Fred Center turn on your TV and of course we're watching some
of the residents. Adam's a man. We turn over. Was it Adam? Yes it was.
Well Adam's not with us anymore though but anyway I mean so well.
And anyway we turn over to end there it is you know it was about I don't know.
I was at 9 o'clock in the morning there about Boots. Yeah.
And of course we've got the first team on the air. Wow. We had a deep meepho and a little dog and
of course that and that comes on the air and says we've got to talk about sports. What are we
going to say about it? We've got to talk about sports. And so for an hour while the Twin
Towers were crumbling and while a plane allegedly was flying into the Pentagon and a fourth one was
allegedly being hijacked in Pennsylvania or dropping in Pennsylvania we're talking about sports.
That's what I remember vividly. Let's get to important stuff okay.
By the way are we cursed down here guys? First the Hurricanes lose their big season opener to
the FSU. Hey well they beat the FAMU. And then the dolphins, well I'll get to that then the dolphins
lose to the seniors without their quarterback without Ben Rothey's brother.
2018-17 and you know it didn't I say what did I pick for the score and I came I think I said 35-17
Pittsburgh and if they wouldn't have fumbled out of one yard line where they had first
in goal it might just have been 35-17 but the dolphins did get 17 didn't they? If they did my
psychic powers again a few folks would just follow my lead you'd be broke. But here's and then of
course the Hurricanes got a chance to play a little girl school they just pound the crap out of them
so everybody can feel better about themselves. And Josh's team they got the listen I'm nobody to talk
after the way the Patriots played yesterday okay they're very lucky to escape. Did you see that
I didn't watch it but I saw the high view man at first half I wouldn't wish that on Hitler anyway
police chief whose wife posed nude quits remember we hit that story last week right
you know you're not really serious I'm going to come back and do this again tomorrow isn't this just
the mayor and councilman in the small town of Snyder Oklahoma resigned to the done Friday
him in an upper over nude photos of the chief 300 pound tattooed wife that she posted on a website
she's a chunky lady she's not Russian though does and what that was that is toast trying to like
is he coming on to lose our licenses at the idea now they're gonna like filthy up the morning
show again need I never learned do they they just never learn when a doubt dirty it up man start
through and potty mop again dozens of residents of the town of 1500 demanded police chief Ted Osman
and I wonder if he's kind of Donnie Osman all the responses name OZ MUN as in the Wizard of Osman
and the district attorney recommended and I'm sending the investigation but the city council
decided last week the pictures were protected by the first amendment what's that now it's
something we used to have on Friday Osman Mayor Dill Moore and councilman Clifford Barnard said
they were stepping down because they were fed up with the public attention and criticism of the
chief another council member returned resigned earlier over the council supportive Osman well there
so that's probably the story that got a lot of reads on our website I'll tell you that that's
what they care about anything that has to do with sex with nudity with the f-word the s-h word
anything uh... and decent they love it now here's George's pull from Friday your last pull for a
while unfortunately you mean I gotta come up with a little pull for tomorrow now I mean the one
for today was easy because it's 9-11 you know uh-oh United Flight 351 was they've heard it
Dallas today see it because of the fact that he's talking hidden that works are doing all this
revisiting 9-11 reducks crack so it's almost impossible to tell what's the real what's memory
acts cargo hold but it didn't correspond to any name on the passes oh yeah they found a black
bury on this uh-what was it united their lines which I never fly them anyway they were flying from
Atlanta to a frisco in a were diverted to Dallas because somebody found a blackberry
and also a sack
una sacco what's your take on the Kenny and Bo morning show at 1598 votes not bad
I haven't heard it 385 that doesn't build very well now don't we have like a big billboard
campaign now we run it all kinds of tv and newspaper spots huh haven't heard it 385 who are
Kenny and Bo 303 so right there is 44% of our gigantic audience like who's Kenny and Bo
that's our new morning show guys get with it give it a shot they're getting real filthy now
krikey a stingray appears to me art 236 people said that is George once again try to find a
little bit of amusement in the middle of the race sorrow and that was my vote was it really
what did I what the other that I vote for I don't remember what I voted as an eye on I
did I voted for something until get kind of weak 111 it's okay okay 109 it's pretty good 104
so you put so many choices all I know bring back mohawaii data did it 79 it sucks 75 it's an
improvement 43 bring back hang goldberg 38 it's great 36 I like bobe but not Kenny 28 it's only good
when they're not talking about sports 26 when that's a good one patty mouth filth I like Kenny but not
bo 22 well they're warm up to Kenny and it's only good when they're talking about sports only
33 and of course we know who they were there was a clearance and Robert creeper and the me
so yeah yeah who said they're only good when talking about sports everybody else said enough with
a sports crap already will you please and guilty would say we gotta talk about sports what else am I
gonna tell you we're gonna say about this building's falling down that was the QN
contribution on 9 11 other than the fact that they stuck me on early well what was it accorded
10 they finally a decidable get away from the sports crap they're about and I just potted up
um I think we were sportable on ABC because that was our news partner but they were doing a
helluasus job a horrendous really bad job as I recall and so I think I've potted up NBC well
whatever the hell it was I mean what the hell were we gonna say about it right had nothing to
with sports right here's an interesting pull before we get to our poll for today it's kind of
similar but it's on MSNBC and there are like over 20,000 responses wait till you hear this this
is a internet nationwide poll MSNBC do you believe any 9 11 conspiracy theories that indicate
that the US government was involved yes I believe there's evident 55%
or no that's ridiculous 33% and I'm not sure 12 12% how do you like that um 55% of over 20,000
responses to the MSNBC pull say I believe there's evidence there was a conspiracy
but 9 11 of course the agency was involved that's on our poll
now last night the CBC two bad you can't all be in hooked up to the CBC 9 o'clock they showed
a special documentary with the young guys that started that the creative that loose change
and it's too bad there's a real cheesy movie called loose change you know why did they have to
pick that name I know huh the way the documentary loose change about 9 11 and all the questions
and conspiracy theories and they showed parts of it and they interviewed the guys etc then at 10 o'clock
they showed the movie why we fight which I was shocked two hours and of course if ABC would have
shown that instead of that right when propaganda piece yeah that chance I know yeah I still have
it lost it so that that sense of humor I did I did print out this story from the Scotland Sunday
Harold uh but I guess probably would be too controversial to go into what we don't want to do
that five Israelis were seen filming as jetliners ploddenly twin towers and 9 11 2001 this is
this isn't focused I mean this is uh verified remember that I remember very briefly in the
beginning they said that there were like Arab terrorists on rooftops dancing there were dancing
in the streets with the Martha and the Van Dellis and KC remember that yep they were dancing a
kazatsky I sure hope they weren't playing any music while we're dancing because the station
Samadhi just got shot off the ear because they were playing love songs we'll get to that maybe we won't
there's your president by the way as he's doing this 24 hour photo up now just uh
crawling in it you have breakfast with the New York City firefighters this morning just they're
just loving it man eight nine I want to get 802 I think we'll make a thousand today what do you think
on 9 11 oh yeah who do you believe was responsible for the 9 11 attacks that's our full question
on our prestigious website neo-roger.com Al-Qaeda 280 the British Cheney crowd 276 so I didn't have
room on there they want to put on there like uh all the neo-cons in the parole project for
new men yeah right and Cheney and Rumsfeld so I just said the Bush Cheney crowd Richard Purl 276
Saudi Arabia 95 well oh that's kind of logical because 15 to 19 alleged hijackers were alleged Saudi
Arabian citizens right right Saudi Arabia those ragheads 95 we'll never know 93 I have no idea
33 Saudi Hussein 17 17 people still say it's Saudi Hussein even though as recently as yesterday
your vice president and between lies with Tim Russell on me depressed even he admitted again that he
had nothing to do with 9 11 and they keep saying it it would be like it would be like saying who
won the game yesterday the Baltimore or Tampa I hate to pick that one sorry Jeff let me pick a
different game which manning won the game last night not a better one did the cold swim or
giants I fell asleep I was hoping for a little uh actually I mean to hold for winning yeah when I
went to sleep it was pretty weak it was boring son of Hussein 17 and I hate this pool in the eight
it would be like no it's like it's Monday you know and you're saying well what day of the week
is it Monday okay well it's Wednesday you know there's always going to be a percentage of idiots
out there no matter don't confuse us with the facts don't confuse us with the truth we can't
handle the truth we're much emotional cripples and what does this have to do with the Surrey
with baby Surrey right yeah Surrey about that that's the Surrey with the fringe on top
is there anybody out there beside me and chicken egg old enough to remember that song oh thank god
the biggest name self-fascist talent is the Rogers Fort radio 560
how dare they drag the good name of the United States of America to the mud of Saddam Hussein
esus
I have a God
bake
All right
Is the one
He gets
Now they
I don't even want
It
They don't want
No point in that she gone
We got it
How we were hoping to save
We got it
We know we've had this alone
We got it
This was our case
You say that in love is what they got you to do
Please
Can't get any gumbo but a home party comes to be
You believe what they say
Like the fall
The fall
As we knew
As things
Are still in a state
So the fall
Is true
For we are left
We got it
Oh, what she's got
It came
We got it
This is our case
We got it
We got it
We got it
We got it
We will never be back to normal after 9-11
Now 70% higher than ever before
They will never be the same again
Great
Maybe that has less to do with the
Terrorist attacks than it has to do with our government
But nevertheless I don't want to start getting cynical about your government
About your president
And your vice president and your liars in chief
I don't know
Maybe you want to prompt me to read a little bit of the Sunday
Hero thing from Scotland's award winning independent paper
What's the Sunday hero got to say
So they are going to be anti-Semitic again
You just want to pick on it because it's anti-Israel
I have to take this line 9 call
Q-I-M it's going to be brief
Q-I-M
I don't tell me this thing
I'm trying out
What do you mean trying out
Oh, there it is
Q-I-M
Yes
Go back
Tore you
All the way
This thing is not working right
What? What do you mean there I go on
I'm doing anything different than I'm supposed to be doing
Anything with Zimnas up
That's not a good start let me just check the line check
Oh that sounds a little lame that sounds sick
Sounds really sick
We got a sixth phone bank man
Anyway five Israelis who were seen filming his jet line
his plug into the twin towers in 9-11-2001
Were they part of a massive spiring
Which shadowed the 9-11 hijackers
New that al-Qaeda planned a devastating terrorist attack on the US
Neel McKay investigates
He must be related to
Deal, come on
There was ruin and terror in Manhattan
But over the Hudson River in New Jersey
A handful of men were dancing
I think the tip of was they were dancing the Kuzansky
Arab's don't fancy Kuzansky
Whenever we first heard that story and the subsequent arrest
We were convinced that they were Arabs and that's right
The last we heard of that story
Well that's because there were summits
They were Middle Eastern looking guys
Right of course summits you know
The World Trade Center burned and prepled the five men celebrated
And filmed the worst atrocity ever committed on American soil
Is it played out before their eyes
Who do you think they were?
Palestinians, Saudis, Iraqis, even
Al-Qaeda surely, wrong in all counts
How do you like that
They were Israelis and at least two of them were Israeli intelligence agents
Working for the most sawed
The approval of MI6 of the CIA
Their discovery and arrest that morning is a matter of
Indisputable fact to those who have investigated
Just what the Israelis rub to that day
The case raises one dreadful possibility
That Israeli intelligence had been shadowing
The Al-Qaeda hijackers as they move from the Middle East
Through Europe into America where they trained
This pilots and prepared a suicide bomb
The symbolic heart of the USA
And the motive to bind America in blood
And mutual suffering to the Israeli cause
After the attacks on the
York and Washington the former Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu
Bebe Netanyahu, BB Brain, a miserable right-wing piece of turret
Was asked what the terrorist
Right would mean for the US-Israeli relations
He said it's very good
Then he quickly corrected himself adding
Well it's not good but it will generate immediate sympathy for Israel from America
If Israel's closest ally felt the collective pain of massive
In deaths at the hands of terrorists
Then Israel would have an unbreakable bond
With the world's only hyperpower and an effective free hand in dealing with the
Palestinian terrorists who had been murdering its innocent civilians
As the second-interfotted ragged on throughout 2001
Not to mention going back into lesbian on again
But we don't want to get in bad
By the way Wolf, let's create nice marshmallow toss
There was condom lazy yesterday
You phony bastard you
You apact phony
It's not surprising that the New Jersey housewife
Who first spotted the five Israelis
And their right van wants to preserve her anonymity
She values her life
She's insisted that she only be identified as Maria
A neighboring apartment building
It just called her after the first ride on the twin towers
Maria grabbed the pervenoculars and like millions across the world
Watched the horror of that day unfold
As she gazed at the burning towers
She noticed a group of men kneeling on the roof of a white van
In her parking lot
Here's her recollection
They seemed to be taking a movie
They were like happy, you know, they didn't look shot to me
I thought it was strange, she said
Maria jotted down the vassal registration called the police
The FBI was alerted and assumed there was a nationwide all points bulletin put up
For the operation of the van and its occupants
The cops traced the number of establishing a belong to a company called Urban Moving
Police Chief John Schmittig said
We've got an alert to be on the lookout for a white Chevy van with New Jersey registration and writing on the side
Three individuals were seen celebrating a Liberty State Park after the impact
They said these people were jumping up and down
Maybe they had ants in their pants
Yeah, maybe they had some kind of sexually transmitted disease
By 4 p.m. on the afternoon of 9.11
The van was spotted in their New Jersey's giant stadium
A squad car folded over an inside
We're 5 men in their 20s
They were hustled out of the car with guns level that their heads in handcuffed
In the car, now watch your listen to this very carefully
Okay, just sign
You know, might as well get everybody really
You get the wheels moving baby
Even if you don't believe in conspiracy, just make some up
At least it'll get your brain flowing a little bit
Although I guess I was not supposed to have any
You can't take the fluids in your brain on a plane
No, you got a brain, your brain
Remember that expression brain drain?
In the car was $4,700 in cash
A couple of foreign passports
And a pair of box cutters
They concealed Stanley knife type blades
Same as used by the 19 high jackers
Who flown jet liners in the World Trade Center
And Pentagon just hours before
Uh-huh
What I said
Oh, you beat me to it, sorry
And my finger was nice fast
There were also fresh pictures of the men standing with the smoldering records
Of the twin towers in the background
One image showed a hand flickering a lighter
In front of the devastated buildings like a fan in the pop concert
The driver of the fan
Then told the arresting officers
We are Israeli, we are not your problem
Your problems are our problems, the Palestinians are the problem
His name was Sivian Kretsberg
The other four passengers were his brother Paul
Yiran Shmuel, Odid Elner, and Omar Marmari
The men were dragged off to prison and transferred
Out of custody on FBI scrimmage levated the hands of the four-ranked counterintelligence
Section of the Bureau's anti-SBI squad
A warrant was issued for research of the urban moving premises
And we hawk into jersey boxes of papers and computers
And we move the FBI question the firms is really owner
Dom Otto Suder, but when agents returned to reinterview him a few days later, he was gone
An employee of urban moving said his co-workers had laughed about the man hat
And the text of the day that they happened
I was in tears the man said the guys were joking and that bothered me
These guys were like, uh, now American knows what we go through
How do you like that?
They were having a party
Of course
Can I read that line about the box cutters?
I don't believe that
In the car was $4,700 in cash
A couple of foreign passports and a pair of box cutters
They concealed Stanley Knight type blades
Same as the ones used by the 19 hijackers
Who had flown jet lines at the World Trade Center in Pentagon just hours before
It must be a coincidence, don't most hopefully
You know, drive around with box cutters in their car? I do
I have three
Never leave home without at least two or three
Because you may never know, I might want to slice up a box
Here I got a box cutter right here
So that kind starts slice, a cheap kind
That's what OJ says, always going to have something good to slice
868 votes on the pool, who do you believe was responsible?
And by the way, see a few people would have spent some time
Usefully to watch CBC last night, even though you can't give it on your, uh, on your dish
Instead of watching that ABC abortion
I got the, and too bad it was on a weekend
Josh, because I noticed you got that story right on there
Notice how I got you those stories real quick on whatever day that I was
Yes, you did? You're welcome, that was great
Good job, by both of us
But unfortunately it was on a Sunday
So not nearly as many of you read the article by Max Blumenthal
Discovered the secret right wing network behind ABC's
9-11 deception is garbage, this right wing propaganda piece
Four hours of right wing propaganda that they put on last night again tonight
Did I watch one second of it? No
Well, I watched any of it tonight? No
Why would you want to watch that when you got football?
I'm plus than I discovered those CBC things on it
Right? Why would anybody in their right mind want to watch that crap?
870 both and by the way the football game last night pounded the crap out of that
The propaganda in the ratings be better than 2-1, in D1 by the way
I beg your pardon? Indianapolis one
I know that
Like I didn't know what did I say before?
Did I say they lost? No, well we didn't really know
I said I knew
Oh, okay, well you didn't say it in 26-21
That's right, you looked it up
I did not look it up, I watched the game on and off in between this other stuff
What are you talking about then? When we went to break I said I fell asleep
I don't know, in my best sense you didn't miss anything it was a terrible game in it
The only thing that was good it got close to the end in the Giants had a couple of chances
But I got news for a man Eli ain't coming
870 votes, who do you believe was responsible for 9-11?
I'll say one thing Eli, he's not as ugly as his brother anyway
Oh my god
And he doesn't have the same fight as dance be very replay
I don't know, what do you fell asleep? Probably a conscious decision
I get a nervous stomach watching a sandy-patin-manning play
I can't stand it, air every single offensive playman's the same thing
Of course he ain't out there during the defense but never let you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, with a lot of people
And he's pointing and he's dancing
In fact maybe he's one of those dancing Israelis when you come right down to it
Stop and think about it
But we don't have time for the pull right now
The biggest name, we have to fix the talent
The biggest real Roger, 4th radio 560
He's U-A
She was a famous passenger
He was a terrorist mastermind
The tournament just muggled a liquid explosive of load
A boy or a heart
The big modern guard
Oh wait, you'll always be number one in my heart
Even if you're wife 27
Oh I'm gonna, it ain't gonna work, we're from two different worlds
We can make it work, look come down to the cave
When I'm using my latest video we can hang out
Not whatever
And out
The big modern guard experienced all after end of the tournament
I can not love somebody who inflict pain and suffering on innocent people
Hey, you are the one who made a wedding to exhale
Oh you impossible
Everything would you turn into a big old blow up
You said blow up
Oh my god, I can't say that in tune
The big modern guard
Because you know, he's even more special
When you're hunted by special forces
With me, you'll love my new video
I'd call it the Hezzy Bobby Brown
Oh you're crazy
And he did something and we got all these new videos
How we had to have been live in video
And they were plotting 9-11
We had to have the Alza Bahiri, that's I'm in the time
Some amazing video
I'm in the timing of all these
Just amazing, just like the one that came out the weekend before the presidential election in 2004
But nevertheless, and you notice I'm in the prime and you see that video where he's sitting in front of a bookshelf
All these books on it
No, you didn't see that?
No, he's been avoiding the news
Like in the public library in New York or somewhere, I don't know, one of them
890s we vote on a poll, but we'll make that thousand maybe by very soon
Robert Scheer says there are gaping holes in the 9-11 narrative
That's what he said
Absolutely correct
Anyway, I'll get to that nice little little thing in a minute
I think we have to put that under again
Would that be bad, Josh?
Yeah, that'd be bad
Oh, what? It's too long
You remember it, huh?
It's not that long, it's only 100 pages
Obviously
No, no, no, it would be bad
Recented, buddy, recended
No, we'll not do it, it's what do you mean, recended?
Return to sender, and I'm not going to do that, that would be bad
We don't do reruns, we don't do instant replays
It's on air from Sunday, if you want to read it fine, if not just watch Rudy Giuliani, on air
Bapapapa, did I do a great job? Bapapapa, and my ex-wife is a bitch
Bapapapa, yeah, that's the
Gaping holes in the 9-11 narrative by Robert Scheer
What we still don't know about 9-11 could kill us by we, I mean the public has been kept in the dark for 5 years
By a president who may know the truth but has chosen to ignore it
Instead of grappling with the thorny origins of that disaster
George Bush willfully turned the nation's attention and resources to a totally unrelated and disastrous imperial adventure in Iraq
Just how unrelated was definitively established last Friday when he belated release of the Senate and Tevzans Committee
Second report which concluded that there was not only zero connection between Sodom and Hussain and Al Qaeda
But that Iraq was the one country in the region where Osama bin Laden could not operate
I guess Tim Russia must have missed that report
As he was tossing soft balls at your rice president yesterday morning on eat the press, that was pathetic
Nice going Tim, hope you have a nice lunch with your rice president, he's his neighbor you know, lives down the street
Unfortunately that was not true of Pakistan and Saudi Arabia, the two countries that had recognized
And otherwise supported the Taliban government that hosted bin Laden during the 1-9-11
15 of the 19 hijackers were open from Saudi Arabia and yet there's been no serious investigation
of the extended rural families rule and the recruitment of bin Laden soldiers
And the ease with which they secure legal visas to enter the USA
While funds for Al Qaeda amnitted from the Saudi Kingdom, the essential logistical supporter for Al Qaeda came from Pakistan
Now five years later bin Laden and the remnants of his organization are assumed by the US
to a found refuge in Pakistan's unruly travel region
where the Pakistani government recently has reduced its forces
conceiving that it could not defeat local tribes and sympathetic to the Taliban
Nor has there been any credible accounting of the role of Pakistan's intelligence community, ISI, then and now in support of Islamic terrorists on both sides of the Pakistan Afghan border
or in the passage of Pakistan's nuclear secrets to what Bush refers to as rogue nations
Recall that the prominent, a predominant excuse for invading Iraq was to claim that Saudi Moussainat weapons amassed destruction
and would be willing to pass them on to rogue regimes in terrorists, not only were such weapons not found
but the evidence from the accounts of the former administration insiders and the Senate intelligence committee
makes clear that the administration was consciously cherry picking the evidence to shore up its fraudulent case
There were weapons of mass destruction being shipped to rogue nations but they were coming from Pakistan
in an extensive program headed by Abdul Qadir Khan, the father of the Islamic bomb
The Pakistan government submitted that Khan passed on to North Korea, Libya, and Iran
technical know-how and vital materials for the creation of nuclear weapons
But Khan was pardoned of any crimes by Pakistan's dictator general President Pervert Moussara
Khan has restricted only by a loose form of house arrest and has never been made available to U.S. investigators
Yet the Bush administration dropped the sanctions originally imposed on Pakistan in reprisal for its development of nuclear weapons
and returned for Pakistan's support in the so-called war on terror
As for Afghanistan, the Taliban is on the rise
NATO commanders last week originally requested more troops in the country is now torn by the energy of a narco state
that is applying 92% of the world's heroin market and generating massive profits for gangsters and terrorists alike
The country is now as dangerous for American soldiers as a rack and Canadian soldiers too, eh?
Despite this sorry record in the Gleikin Southwest Asia and the creation of a Kragmeyer and recruiting poster for terrorism in Iraq
Bush once again arrogantly asserts that his policies have made us safer even as he's undermined our domestic freedoms in mocked the U.S. commitment to international law, especially concerning the treatment of prisoners
Last week Bush finally conceded that there were indeed secret CIA prisons when finally announcing that the group of key witnesses to 9-11 disaster would be moved to Guantanamo
and for once afforded visits from the Red Cross and minimal legal representation
Some of them have been interrogated in secret for up to five years with the Bush administration left as the stolen chirparder of what they revealed
After five years of official lease seat, it isn't too difficult to believe that the isolation of those prisoners was done less for reasons of learning the truth above 9-11 and more in an effort to politically manage the narrative
release to the public
I'm gonna read that paragraph again
Please, after five years of official deceit, it's not too difficult to believe that the
isolation of those prisoners was done less for reasons of learning the truth about 9-11
and more in an effort to politically manage the narrative released to the public.
There is glaring evidence that the latter was the case.
The 9-11 Commission report complains that this claim or box on page 146 in which it
stated the reports that kind of what happened on 9-11 was in considerable measure based
on what those key witnesses allegedly told interrogators and that the commissioners were
not allowed to meet the witnesses or their interrogators.
We submitted questions for use in the interrogations, but had no control over whether when or how
questions a particular interest would be asked, they said, nor were we allowed to talk to
the interrogators so we could better judge the credibility of the detainees and clarify
ambiguities in the reporting.
In short, the most cited source that we have in what happened on 9-11, the much celebrated
9-11 Commission report, was staged managed by the Bush administration just as it's
controlled and distorted so much other information.
In light of that, sorry, record of the propaganda exploitation of the 9-11 tragedy for partisan
political purpose, is it any wonder that large numbers of Americans have doubts about
all of it and that a considerable industry of documentaries and investigative reports
has sprung up with alternative theories ranging from the possible to the absurd.
The most absurd being that there really were no planes, that there was a hologram,
a hologram, a hologram, a hologram.
There were no planes.
Well, yeah, see the lunatic, for instance, it comes up with the bizarre and absurd theories.
They're the ones that like this credit everybody else.
It's like who killed JFK and somebody said the dog done it, yeah.
Although, there's your, there's your guy code guy.
Oh man.
It's enough to let me play one of those guy code things.
912 votes on a poll.
Holy moly, we're off and running baby.
We're back to our regular schedule.
George did a fabulous job this summer.
That's what he told me.
And that was you said?
I swung through it, I think.
He said the shows were fabulous.
The calls were sent to Zaynudal.
Josh said that it was just the most sensational author.
We weren't headed for it, Tom.
Top notch.
Top notch, how do you like that?
Or as Tom Cruise would say, top gun, that's Tom Cruise.
You're very.
The biggest name of the best talent in the business, Neil Rogers.
Where's Neil Williams?
First, Bush doesn't care about black people.
Yo, K-Fed in the house.
And I just shot an episode of CSI.
It's a challenging role.
I played this loser dude who's totally lazy and nobody likes.
He's always hanging around and getting all his attention and whatnot.
Oh, and I'm also remitting the theme song.
Check it.
My name is Fedeline.
Yo, you could call me K-Fed.
I'm all CSI and I ain't even dead.
The number one show.
I know you all with me.
Yo, I got this job with no peps, but Britney.
Yo, 2006 Federation Records.
I'm going to totally win an Oscar for this.
Or maybe even Tony.
CSI drops Thursdays at nine.
Who's K-Fed out?
Is he a talent?
Or what, huh?
Is he look good?
No.
He's just.
He's stinking.
In a variety of ways.
I always said trash.
Five-mile Pog guys to all the trailer trash.
10.46.
Let's take a look at that award-winning lineup.
Today is the first day of the rest of our lives.
Baby, we have the Mad Dog at two.
Oh, right.
The power hour.
When they both take a shower, Hank and the Mad Dog together four to five.
Then the Humper from five to six three alone.
Another hour and a half show, man.
See, I told him he'd be a happier being back in the afternoon.
He's got an hour and a half solo.
Marlins on Deck at six thirty.
What about those Marlins, man?
I can't believe it.
This one looked like they were on the precipice of disaster.
And they took the last two of that series and split it.
Not bad, huh?
Yeah, not bad at all.
Marlins and the Mads, I actually had a crowd for one game.
They were giving away hats or something like that.
But boy, I'm going to tell you.
You're, oh my goodness.
Some of those games that were in a thousand people there.
What a disgrace, what an embarrassment, what a bush-league place.
Marlins and the Mads at the P.P. Park 705 tonight in the Etycacio follows that.
So this is like the first day of our like real schedule.
It only took them like, what, 10 or months, 10 months, nine months, whatever it is.
To get their act in, and who knows if they got their act together.
Max Blumenthal says, discover the secret right, right wing network behind ABC's 9-11
deception about this ridiculous horrible piece of propaganda called path 9-11.
Less than 72 hours before ABC's to path in the 9-11 was scheduled to air.
The network suddenly came under siege.
On Tuesday, ABC was forced to concede that the path 9-11 is a dramatization out of
the documentary that filmed these actively invent scenes to depict former president
Bill Clinton handling his handling of the alkyd of threat.
Now ABC claims to be editing those false sequins, well he did it and some of it,
to satisfy critics of the Shofengawan.
See, this was written before last night, even if it still remains a gross distortion of history.
And as it does so, ABC advances the illusion that the deceptive nature of the path
9-11 is an honest mistake committed by a hardworking, but admittedly fumbling
in team of well-intentioned Hollywood professionals who wanted nothing less than a
winner-tain America.
But this is not the big lie.
Oh, no, something I gotta take a drink already.
In fact, the path 9-11 is produced and promoted by a well-honed propaganda operation
consisting of a network of little-known right-wingers working from within Hollywood to counter
its supposedly liberal bias.
This is the network within the ABC network.
Its godfather is far-right activist David Horowitz, who has worked for more than a decade
to establish a right-wing presence in Hollywood and to discredit mainstream film and TV production.
On this project, he's working with a secretive evangelical religious-right group founded by
the path 9-11's director David Cunningham that proclaims its school to transform Hollywood
in line with its Messianic vision.
Before the path 9-11 enter the production stage, Disney ABC contacted David Cunningham
as the film's director.
Cunningham is no ordinary Hollywood journeyman.
He, in fact, is the son of Lauren Cunningham, founder of the right-wing evangelical group Youth
with a Mission Y-W-A-M, Y-Wam.
The young Cunningham helped found an auxiliary of his father's group called the Filmin's
to suit TFI, which, according to its mission statement, is dedicated to a godly transformation
in revolution to and through the film and television industry.
As part of TFI's long-term strategy, Cunningham helped place interns from youth through
the mission and film industry jobs so they can begin to impact and transform Hollywood
from the inside out, according to a Y-Wam report.
Last June, Cunningham's TFI announced it was producing its first film, Mysteriously
Taddle Untaddled History Project.
TFI's first project is a doozy newsletter to Y-Wam members.
Red simply being referred to as the Untaddled History Project, it's already been called
the television of another decade, and now one second has been put to film yet.
Talk about great expectations.
A web edition of the newsletter was mysteriously deleted yesterday, but has been cast on Google
at the link above.
You can click on the link, while this is where it's on there Sunday.
The following month on July 28th, the New York Post reported that ABC was filming a
mini-series under a shroud of secrecy about the night-level attacks.
At the moment, ABC officials are calling the mini-series Untaddle Commission report and
the producers refer to it as the Untaddled History Project, the post noted.
Early on, Cunningham had recruited a young Iranian-American screenwriter named Cyrus
Norwester to write the script in a secretive Untaddle film.
Not only is Norwester an outspoken conservative, he's also a pervert member of the emerging
network of right-wing people burrowing into the film industry with ulterior sectarian
prolereical and religious agendas like Cunningham.
Norwester's conservatism was on display when he appeared as a featured speaker at the Liberty
Film Festival, and annual event founded in 2004 to premiere and promote conservative
themed films, supposedly too politically incorrect again acceptance of mainstream film
festivals.
This June, while the pact in Ireland was being filmed, LFF Founders Govindini Murdy and Jason
Apuzzo, both friends of Norwester announced they were partnering with right-wing activists
David Horowitz.
Indeed, the 2006 LFF has listed as a program of the David Horowitz Freedom Center.
Since the inauguration of Bill Clinton in 92, Horowitz has labored a creative network of
politically active conservatives in Hollywood.
His Hollywood nest centers around his Wednesday morning club, a weekly meet and greet session
for left-post conservatives that's been graced with speeches by the likes of Newt King,
which Victor Davis-Hanson and Christopher Hitchens.
The group's headquarters are at the offices of Horowitz's Center for the Study of Popular
Culture, a think-tank bankroll for years with millions by right-wing sugardates like
eccentric far-right billionaire Richard Mellon, SCAYF.
SCAYF financed the Arkansas project a $2.3 million Dirty Tricks operation that included
paying sources for negative stories about Bill Clinton that all turned out to be false.
With the LFF now under Horowitz's control, his political machine began dreaming of
support for cutting him and Norwester's untitled project, which finally was revealed in late
summer as the PAPT 9-11.
Horowitz's PR Blitz began with an August 16th interview with Norwester on his front-page
MAG website.
In the interview, Norwester foreshadowed the films assault on Clinton's record and fighting
terror.
The 9-11 report details the Clinton administration's response or lack of response to Al-Qaeda,
and how this emboldened LOND to keep attacking American interested in Norwester's told
front-page MAG's Jamie Glasov.
There simply was no response, nothing.
Week later, ABC hosted LFF co-founder Mordy in several other conservative operatives,
and in advance screening of the PAPT 9-11.
Here, and this I think you probably already know, but does this tell you everything?
While ABC provided 900 DVDs of the film to conservatives, Clinton administration officials
and objective reviewers from mainstream outlets were denied the copies.
Huh.
Not that there was any agenda here, you understand?
Of course not.
Any slient, right.
They want to be like Fox, Sharon Ballant.
Mordy returned with a glowing review for Front Page MAG that emphasized the film's
part as a nature.
The PAPT 9-11 is one of the best-most intelligent, most pro-American mini-series I've ever seen
on TV, and conservative should support it and promote it as vigorously as possible Mordy
wrote.
As a result of the special access granted by ABC, Mordy's article was first published,
the first published review of the PAPT 9-11 preceding those by the New York Times and the
LA Times by more than a week.
Mordy followed her review with a blast email to conservative web searches Liberty Post and
Free Republic on September 1, urging their readers to throw their weight behind ABC's
mini-series.
Please do everything you can to spread a word about this excellent mini-series Mordy
wrote, so that the PAPT 9-11 gets the highest ratings possible when it airs on September
10th and 11th.
Let me say it again, the football game last night, beated by more than 2-1.
If the show gets huge ratings, then ABC will be more likely to produce pro-American movies
and TV shows in the future.
Mordy's efforts were supported by a Puzzo who handles LFF's heavily traffic blog Libertas.
A Puzzo was instrumental in marketing the PAPT 9-11 to conservatives writing in a
blog post on September 2, make no mistake about what this film does among other things.
It places the question of the Clinton administration's culpability for the United States.
From the center, Bravo to Sarah Snowrester and David Cunningham for creating this gritty,
stylish, and gripping piece of entertainment.
Oh, it's a piece, all right.
When a group of leading Senate Democrats and elected the ABC CEO Robert Eiger urging the
cancel the PAPT 9-11 because of its glaring factual errors and distortions, a Puzzo
launched a retaliatory campaign to paint the Democrats' foes of free speech.
Here at Libertas, we urge the public to make noise over this and to demand the Democrats
back down, he wrote on September 7th, once its stake is nothing short of the First Amendment.
I guess the First Amendment didn't count when CBS canceled the Reagan mini-series?
Because the Republican and Republican nervous break right.
At Front Page Mag, Horowitz singled out Norwiste as the victim.
The attacks by former President Bill Clinton, former Clinton administration officials,
Democratic U.S. Senators, on service Norwiste's ABC mini-series the PAPT 9-11 are easily
the greatest and most brazen and damaging governmental attacks on the civil liberties
of ordinary Americans since 9-11 Horowitz declared.
While this network claims its success in postures as the true victims, the ABC never suffers
a PR catastrophe.
It's almost as though it was complacent about an attack on its reputation by a band of political
terrorists.
How do you like that?
That's the real story behind the story of why that piece of turd is on there.
In spite of all the outcome of this story, it's still on there.
That's right.
As soon as you get Richard Mellon's escape and soon as that day pops up, that tells you
everything in the...
Oh, Boisa?
That is it.
It's better than that.
967 votes are ready.
We got a shot of the thousand.
Holy cow, during the show.
During the next hour.
I think I returned today on the anniversary of 9-11 just in time to save the world, don't
you?
It is just in time.
Timeline.
I went out and bought a bunch of really good books yesterday.
All of them, you know, on these lines.
Sure.
One of them by Greg Polass and you never get...
I better go on the other room and get it during the break so I can read it accurately.
You know how they always put on the back jacket of every book.
There are some blurbs from people with glowing reviews of the book, etc.
Guess who one of the people is quoted on there as saying what a great book it is by
Greg Polass.
That's something.
She's gone for her.
With my material.
The biggest name.
The best talent for the Kansas video Rogers for the radio 560.
This is the Neil Rogers.
That will be your ID.
W2M I'm in for a lot of time.
I don't think so.
Any questions?
I'm in for a lot of time.
I'm in for a lot of time.
I'm in for a lot of time.
I'm in for a lot of time.
I'm in for a lot of time.
I'm in for a lot of time.
I'm in for a lot of time.
I'm in for a lot of time.
Or maybe just a good kick in the ass with help by dumbit.
I'm in for a lot of time.
I'm in for a lot of time.
I'm in for a lot of time.
I'm in for a lot of time.
I'm in for a lot of time.
I'm in for a lot of time.
I'm in for a lot of time.
I'm in for a lot of time.
I'm in for a lot of time.
I'm in for a lot of time.
I'm in for a lot of time.
I'm in for a lot of time.
I'm in for a lot of time.
I'm in for a lot of time.
I'm in for a lot of time.
I'm in for a lot of time.
I'm in for a lot of time.
I'm in for a lot of time.
I'm in for a lot of time.
I'm in for a lot of time.
I'm in for a lot of time.
I'm in for a lot of time.
I'm in for a lot of time.
It is actually not supported by a lot of money.
It is ultimately not supported by a lot of money.
кан Today the term Almost innocent.
Corona.
That term.
We Painting.
The term that President Nations says
being noies for soll.
In a democratic national Committee.
cheering and how he said.
to an evangelical Christian group he said whose goals include transforming Hollywood from
the inside out.
Pat Director David Cunningham is also involved in the film Institute of the Hauai-based Global
Evangelical Group Youth with a Mission.
The fact that the writer-producer of the piece is a well-known conservative or racist
additional concerns and questions to how he deans, the American people deserve to know
who funded his $40 million slanderous propaganda piece of turd.
Usually the public airwaves is a privileged, conferred upon broadcasters and the public
interest deemed continued.
It comes with responsibility to the American people and responsibility to the truth.
That's how we deans said.
Anybody here who say it?
No.
Any of you noticed?
I have been noticing with great interest now that all the talking head shows including
the ones on the weekend, if they have like a panel of people like if there's three, it
has to be two right-wingers to one liberal.
It's part of the American political.
Right, the balance of that.
98 on the poll, man, it's not bad.
Now here's the four books that I've got.
I don't know, whipped up and intensive with this stuff.
Maybe it's because of the anniversary of 9-11.
Think so?
The first book, and I know that everybody, maybe I can be like the opera of the Suda
Wind Electrical product.
These six Suda Wind Elections and stuff, Florida, are going to go rushing right out and
buy these books, not.
Amy and David Goodman, post of Democracy Now, static government liar as media cheerleaders
and the people who fight back.
That's one.
Two, state of war, the secret history of the CIA and the Bush administration by James
Ryzen, as in the crushes Ryzen.
American Theocracy by Kevin Phillips, the peril and politics of radical religion, oil
and borrowed money in the 21st century, Kevin Phillips.
And the other one, one of our favorite writers, a great palast.
Armed manhouse, who's afraid of a Samo Wolf, China floats, bush thinks, the scheme to
steal or wait and no child's left behind.
And other dispatches from the front lines of the class war.
And on the back, praise for a great palast.
John Perkins, New York Times bestselling author, talks about its gripping provocative
et cetera.
Noam Chomsky says upsets all the right people.
Melissa Rossi says, with this high intensity searchlight at newshounds knows, palastas
returned relentlessly putting the investigative back into journalism.
And guess who else is listed on along with Noam Chomsky?
Randy Rhodes said the top investigative journalist in America and the funniest.
Isn't that enough to make you plunge?
I mean, when you think of Randy Rhodes, don't you think of Noam Chomsky?
I can't say what-
What happened about Mr.
I can't say what I think what I think.
You better get serious now.
You know what I think of?
When I think of Randy Rhodes?
Hi.
This is Jim.
Love you.
Love you.
I think of-
When he said it was multi-colored.
Yeah.
I think of chairs.
We're going to take a rant.
Are you starting it again?
Yeah, I'm starting it again.
You're starting it again.
Hey, so great.
You go, girl.
So I'm going to write you a copy of the issue.
We met a thousand two votes.
It just barely after 11 o'clock.
Can you believe that?
I believe it.
That is shocking.
What a development, man.
Thank God I'm back.
Not.
This is a bunch of crap.
Now you tell me I got to come up with a pool.
How about if George is the pool all along?
Oh, yeah.
What's your favorite action movie?
Every day.
Or just what?
What?
I got one that you haven't done yet.
Here's the pool.
Why?
Why?
That's a good one.
You like that?
Because they're stupid.
That's my choice.
Oh.
How about why 100?
Can you walk away?
Probably not like that.
What?
Don't be pan, but you are a Kenny and apology.
I do.
Taking that pool so fast after they just, they're not a couple of weeks now.
You're analyzing them.
That's where I was my idea.
That's right.
I'm the bastard.
But what we know of that, Bush caught in a lie about the 9-11 World Trade Center
attacks.
Oh, no.
Can you believe that?
Aaron, I'm CNN December 4, 2001.
Bush's Town Hall meeting question.
One thing Mr. President is that you have no idea how much you've done for this country.
Another thing is how did you feel when you heard about the terrorist attack?
Bush.
Well, thank you, Jordan.
Well, Jordan, you're not going to believe what state I was in when I heard about the terrorist
attack.
I was in Florida.
And my chief of staff, Andy Card, actually I was in a classroom talking about a reading
program that works.
And I was sitting outside the classroom waiting to go in and I saw an airplane hit the tower.
The TV was obviously on.
And I used to fly myself and I said, that's one terrible pilot.
And I said it must have been a horrible accident.
But I was whisked off of there.
I didn't have much time to think about it.
And I was sitting in the classroom and Andy Card, my chief who was sitting over here, walked
in and said, a second plane and said the tower America's under attack.
There's a problem with the above statement.
Well, there's another one too.
He says, I was sitting there, my chief of staff.
Well, first of all, when we walked into the classroom, I had seen this plane flying to
the first building.
There was a TV set on.
There's a problem with these statements.
There was no live video coverage of the first plane hitting the tower.
There couldn't be.
Video of the first plane hitting the tower didn't surface until after the second plane
had hit.
The Washington Times article states he didn't see the impact at the school.
He couldn't have seen it.
The president entering a holding room at the school picked up a secure telephone to speak
with national security adviser Condon, please arise at the White House.
She was sitting in her office that baked that she is probably wearing a pants suit.
Watching live coverage of the stricken northern towers at Belts Black Smoke into a cloudless
sky.
There's one terrible pilot, Mr. Bush-Mutter.
Turning to Mr. Cardi speculated that the pilot must have suffered a heart attack.
Mr. Bush-Wide yet to see the TV images drafted a statement pledging federal assistance.
And this is confirmed by Booker Elementary School Principal Gwen Regelle in this propaganda
matrix posting.
I had the opportunity to talk with Principal Gwen Rogelle of Booker Elementary School for
about 20 minutes.
I asked her if, in fact, the president had been watching the events of 9-11 on Fold
on TV before he went into the classroom and she told me absolutely not.
There was no TV in the corridor anywhere near that classroom.
Even though Bush is not a very good pilot, he was taken off-light status for failure to
take a medical exam, which included a drug test.
Now why would the president want to take a...
It would be silly to assume that a passenger jet hitting the World Trade Center in clear
weather was pilot error, especially since warnings and surface of hijack commercial aircraft
attacking symbols of American culture.
US and Israeli intelligence agencies received warning signals in July 2001 that Middle
Eastern terrorists were playing a hijack commercial aircraft to use its weapons to attack
important symbols of American and Israeli culture.
FBI and information-indicated parents as suspicious activity in this country consistent
with preparations for hijackings of other types of attacks, including recent surveillance
of federal buildings in New York.
If Bush really did see an airplane on TV hitting the World Trade Center, then he saw the
aircraft was under control at the time and he saw it before arriving at the Booker Elementary
because he was on route to the school when the first plane struck World Trade Center
1.
A close circuit live feed to his limo is the only way he could have seen this impact on TV.
Do you hear that?
No.
Say it again.
Each of us will remember the moment when the news came where we were and what we were
doing, Bush said.
It must also be remembered that even after Andrew Cardin formed Bush of the Second Impact,
by his own admission Bush knew America was being attacked, but he continued listening
to the reading skills of a classroom full of children for seven minutes.
We wanted to see how the book would end.
He didn't want to spoil the end of it.
He needed closure.
Now, 2011, welcome.
Thousands and 11 votes on a pool.
Man, this is something.
At least we're off and running now, huh?
You think?
Are we off to the races?
I think we got a lead in now.
I think the mad dog and the hump are back where they ought to be.
And thank God everyone took eight months for this new crew we got there, the new management
crew, to finally get their little something going.
They may not be the best that they sure are the slowest.
QIAM, hello.
I'm shoveled, but near.
Yes, sir.
They didn't need to get someone like Mark Amhert.
They don't need no parents.
They need to get some real criminals like that and lock them up.
Problem in its patent.
I see what I'm saying these students.
Have I to ease on his way to buy all four of those books right now?
The biggest names of best talents to the taste of the cereal roachers.
Fort 20560.
You A.M.
I'm Trisha McGillicetti as a real guy co-customer, not a paid celebrity.
So to help tell her story, we hired an actual celebrity.
Mr. Mel Gibson.
I was on my way to Sunday dinner with the family when I accidentally hit a cow.
I wonder if it was a whole staying cow.
Hey, hey, whole staying sounds Jewish.
I called Geico expecting to get a recording, but someone was there to help me.
You know, something Jewish cows cause most of the accidents in the world.
Geico got my claim in the works right away and I was actually able to enjoy dinner.
And the main course was ham.
Well, I was a ham, baby.
My father always told me not to trust anyone.
It doesn't need ham.
Geico, real service, real savings, real insane celebrity.
As they say in Spain, John Monin, 1118 and 560.
They should eat a lot of pig over there, huh?
Where?
In Spain.
Do they?
All right.
Oh, you're right over.
When I tell you the everyday about the pig's ears is like a real,
a piece of tree.
Oh, you know what?
I have to give it a shot.
How do you know what it tastes like?
I don't put it in your mouth.
That's what I'm saying.
Anyway, KPM Coral Geobles, so check the Naples Daily News Online website.
It says the front page picture of a 911 US flag tattooed either on a breast or a butt.
It's difficult to tell because the amount of cleavage that's shown.
Oh, I see.
P.S. religious beliefs need to be added to today's poll.
It was the root cause of the 911 events.
No, it actually was not.
Well, I tell you KPM, we do an okay and send you guys to that.
It wants me to put religion on there.
You know, like, you would do it all right.
No, it's not.
No, but religion is the world's number one tax exam business, but it never less.
I keep telling you people, listen to diversion from all this other perversion.
Do not go on those cruise ships.
Have I tried telling you that?
You have.
For years.
And you will listen to it.
Over and over again.
Well, if you value your life, a 37-year-old passenger on a cruise ship was reported missing
overboard as the liner cruise from Mexico to the port of Miami over the weekend.
The co-star says today.
The woman who was not immediately identified, but is from Minnesota, was last
seen aboard the imagination around 130 this morning.
The co-star was alerted about the man overboard report.
Oh, I see.
It's generic.
Sex is passing about the woman overboard report around 9 30 this morning when the
imagination tied up in Miami.
The ship's last port of call in Mexico was play a del Carmen on the Yucatan Peninsula.
First of all, anybody demod off to go on a cruise, well, plus they went to Mexico.
The 2052 passenger imagination is operated by Carnival Cruise Line out of Miami and specializes
in foreign five-day trips to the Western Caribbean according to the company's website.
Carnival Cruise Line, that couldn't be slipping them a Mickey couldn't.
Oh my God.
There is one of the most evil people who ever came down the pike from one of the most evil families
that ever disgraced the South of the world.
And of course everybody wanted a heatwanna championship.
You know what I got?
Yeah.
Big deal.
When your little tiny Julio Mayors slipped everybody a Mickey man and they built that
silly ass triple-layer arena.
So it was a sad day.
And of course now that the Marlins are having this phenomenal interest in their tremendous
late season Russian or back to a game over 500, how far they behind the Padres, by the way, John?
Two and a half.
Really?
Padres won again yesterday?
Yeah, they're tired.
Maybe they were San Francisco Giants?
See that game was on HD last night and somehow I missed it.
It's about one pitch.
It's hard to turn anything off this and HD.
The only problem is that the football game was on HD.
Yeah.
I mean if you better choice between watching the NFL game of any interest at all and a baseball game, what are you going to watch?
I'm going to watch the football game.
I do think baseball looks better in HD though.
No, no, no.
I don't debate that.
Every life event looks better in HD.
I don't know.
I think it looks better than football.
Although I'm not going to watch baseball over football.
I'm just saying no.
No way.
But you fell asleep during the game last night.
Now I don't feel so bad about network.
Well, that wasn't it wasn't a worry.
You know, for the longest time it was six-nothing and then it was like six-three.
I don't want to go through the whole thing because you didn't see it.
I watched a lot of it.
First thing you said you fell asleep through it.
You didn't know the first half.
I saw the first half.
Stinking Coolts won.
Okay.
Sandy Peyton Manning won again.
He makes me ill.
I get violently ill when I see him.
Doug Thompson, we thought he disappeared there at Capitol Hill Blue.com.
I said to Georgia, I said I got a Doug Thompson article.
He said, holy moly.
You couldn't believe it could you.
I could not.
I did an audio double take.
Yeah.
Was that before Ractor Joe Bell came in and said, hi, hi, everybody do it.
You know something he's now.
Now that we got rid of what's his name.
Hi, Fowley.
I think he can fill that spot.
Probably can fill the pants.
But it's going to stay.
No, it's got a long way to go.
It's about to fill.
But nevertheless, oh, there's those buildings on fire again.
They're over and over.
9-11 coverage unedited and uncensored.
Watch today free on CNN.com.
I'll pass.
Thank you.
I remember it very vividly after the first 85 million times they showed it to us.
Doug Thompson writes, the real access of evil led destroyed America.
He better watch himself.
They're going to throw him back in and get more.
He's going to get more than he's a bargain for.
Five years after the 9-11 terrorist attacks, the USA lies beaten, battered, and defeated.
Not by an enemy of extremists who hide in caves in Afghanistan, but by its own government
and leaders who sold out the nation for power and politics.
The America that exists today is a far cry from the one that woke up on the morning of 9-11, 2001.
It is a rotting corpse of a nation eaten out by a cancer of power greed and corruption.
Oh, some of it, London, as minions, didn't destroy America when hijacked airline
and expanded the World Trade Center towers the Pentagon and empty field.
They simply provided the spark to ignite nothing less than a coup to take over the US government,
a coup staged by a group of traitorous men and women who swore to uphold the Constitution,
but instead said about to dismantle that hallowed document and destroy the freedoms that once defied a great nation.
George W. Bush digged Cheney down a rumcelled condolences or rice
and no-su-control congress and support Bush's actions serve as co-conspirator in this coup.
The once-grade USA is now despised around the world as an international bully,
a threat to world peace far greater than Islamic militants or communist dictators.
America neither deserves nor gets respect.
It lost all chance for any respect when a liar named Bush used manufactured evidence
to launch an illegal invasion of a sovereign nation.
It lost all chance for respect when its leader sanctioned torture or prisoners,
abuse of freedoms and spy on its own citizens.
A nation that doesn't practice democracy at home cannot claim to export it to other nations.
A government that lies to its own people cannot expect respect or support.
George W. Bush is a liar, a war monger and a murderer,
drenched in the blood of every American soldier in a raki civilian
whose died in his war launch with falsified evidence and trumped up rationales,
but as well through some of those lesbianies in there too.
While we're at it.
And as we take a moment today to honor the memories of those who died in New York,
Washington, the men empty field in Pennsylvania,
let's also take time to point the finger of blame at the real enemy or freedom of peace,
a madman named Bush and the madman and women who follow him.
Had Bush and his administration acted promptly in warnings that an attack on USRO
was coming and coming soon, we might not have needed to remember this day in history.
Perhaps as some suggest, he wanted the attacks to occur in order to justify his war in Iraq.
Others believe he and the government played a role.
After six years of watching this man in action,
I'm no longer predisposed to dismiss any suspicion about him or his actions.
It is George W. Bush who represents the real evil of threatens America.
He is a vile heartless man who's there of nothing but contempt
and one who should be led from the White House in shackles and tried as a traitor.
Yeah.
Then we should turn him over to the international court so we can be tried as the mass murderer he is,
the greatest threat in modern times to freedom in this world.
Was that moving on?
And others complicit in the Bush Cabal must be brought to justice as well.
Vice President Cheney, defense secretary of Rome's growth,
and secretary of state rice along with the leadership of Congress.
This is no longer just a case of voting valid leaders out of office.
These men and women are desperate to assault out their country
and must face swift brutal justice as traitors.
It is often asked how we can honor these men and women who died on 9-11.
We can do so by restoring the country that died along with them.
We can do it by restoring honor to a nation that has lost it because
of duplicitous traitorous government that abandoned its principles, its morality and its values.
We can do it by restoring the real America and punishing those who are ultimately responsible
a corrupt presidential administration in the Congress of co-conspirators
but used the national nightmare for political benefit
and awaited these absolute control of a shell-shock nation.
Well, he's back in hiding again and of course he didn't even mention the two stolen elections.
Huh?
Or the third one coming up.
What's that?
And then the fourth one in 2008.
1950 votes on Ed Paul, baby.
How do you like that?
Eat your heart out, Goddard.
What?
Maybe we can start calling her known Chomsky Junior.
Huh?
Carpet Chomsky Junior?
Yeah, they look a little bit alike.
I haven't seen no...
He's in Alaska.
Let's see.
26 past 11 at 5.60 WQAM.
Isn't it time to express and worry about a last minute hurricane preparations?
Well, the hurricane shut-about led manufacturers easy to use accordion shutters
and now they provide you expert installation too and we're right smack dead before
the middle of hurricane season.
Call them at 9.54, 237, 7083.
They feature rule-downs, accordions and panels.
Just let the hurricane shut-about look, just to make it even install the shutters for you.
Call 9.54, 237, 7083 right now and get on your way to top notch protection.
The hurricane shut-about led family owned an operated license, insured, and daved,
and bombed each county approved.
They stock all sizes of clear polycarbonate hurricane panels and aluminum panels,
cut to your specifications and ready for pickup or delivery.
The public and all contractors welcome major credit cards except the two.
If you tell them that Niel sent you by, you're going to $100 off a minimum order of 350 square feet.
So be sure mention that the old Fag told you to call.
The hurricane shut-about led call 9.54, 237, 7083 or on the wicked web.
This log on to hurricaneshutteroutlet.com.
These names of biggest names of best-tallow-off-tologists, Niel Rogers,
Fort radio 560, SUAM.
You might mention my name to Rysmacher Garib.
This season on Survivor, the Jewish tribe, and the Arab tribe.
See what happens when Kittian and Rashid get into a fight during the water challenge.
Stop the bombs!
Stop the bombs!
See what happens when Simon and Thoree get into a fight during the mountain challenge.
Stop the bombs!
And in the season finale, when they try to vote off Tomar and Hamad,
the tribe has spoken. You're both gone.
Stop the bombs!
The Arab tribe and the Jewish tribe on Survivor this season,
there won't be any surprise alliances because they both use bombs.
What's the episode with Yitzhak and Mahmoud when that one's going to be on?
It's going to be the season finale.
1065, 1065 votes, man, the sky's the limit today. We're often running.
Although I think an hour and a half is more than enough to give me a back-and-practice all yours.
Federal authorities never did a San Francisco-bound United Airlines jet to Dallas
as they precautionary security.
Not that we're jumping you understand.
You do understand that, right?
Federal authorities never did a San Francisco-bound United Airlines jet to Dallas
as they precautionary security measure today,
after finding an unclaimed Blackberry on board.
Might have been yours.
Might be the one I lost an Amsterdam today.
Maybe it's just making a bouncing from one plane to another.
Making the rounds around the world.
Officials had also found a room moved and unidentified backpack.
From the jet before it left Atlanta,
said TSA spoke from the New Orleans to Clark.
She described the jet United Flight 351 as secure,
said it was diverted to Dallas out of an abundance of caution.
The aircraft is secure, Clark, since he said there was no indication
that the handheld computer, the Blackberry,
was being used as an explosive device or trigger.
Now, trigger's lying on another plane.
The flight was diverted on the fifth anniversary of the 9-11 terror attack.
The tax authorities decided not to send military fighter aircraft to a escort to the jet
as it was routine during an emergency.
While they didn't bother sending him on 9-11,
so why should they send him today, right?
In 2001, the passengers were to be re-screened
by security personnel, according to officials at the Ednorrad and Colorado Springs,
which monitored his U.S. airspace.
More coming.
I'm sure, right?
Right.
Much more coming later.
Ralph Holhut.
Let's see, this is from the smirkling chimp.
Oh, this is too long to read now.
This one is long, but it's very important.
So, that's the question.
Should I do it?
Do it.
It's too long.
No, it's not.
It's about the people, the project for the New American Century.
I need to know about them.
The real road to 9-11, the evil doers.
Don't have time for this one right now.
I actually do.
I don't want to sit here and do this every day for four hours, five days a week.
One day was enough.
Wasn't it one day just Wednesday?
Yeah, that's it.
Isn't that the way we were doing it?
Every other Wednesday during the winter and the fall.
Yeah, you guys have a fall, winter spring.
1072 votes on the pool.
See how each your heart outs you in.
What do they got about 4 million?
Who do you believe was responsible for the 9-11 attacks?
And of course, we know that you're highly educated in the air and that,
because you listen to this show and you get somebody information about what's really going on in the world as opposed to...
And by the way, oh, you know what I wanted to play?
Coming back into that break.
Where did you want to play?
The media is sick and they've helped to have me.
The media is sick and they've helped to have me.
The media is sick and they've helped to have me.
Amen.
Nice going, Tammy.
I wonder if she's got as much mascara on as her Katie Kirk.
I don't want to know more by the way.
I gave her two months in at the end.
No more.
She's just, I mean, she's a fish out of water, baby.
She is so unqualified to be doing that.
She is so weak, so weak.
She has, like I said, I don't know what other word to use.
She has no presence, no delivery, you know?
And then they showed her clip on that, why we fight?
There's a clip on that of Dan Rather.
And you see him sitting there.
He looks like he belongs there, you know,
whether you like his politics or not,
or whether you like anything else about him.
He looks like he's a news guy, you know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
Brian Williams, he's standing there.
He's a news guy with a funny face and silly teeth.
He's a news guy.
But she's standing there with all the makeup on
and with a hairbrush over when I had to cover up the black guy.
And she couldn't read the save her life, man.
The president's there, he's standing there.
He's almost as weak as Rita Crossbell,
although at least in a comic way,
Rita is a little bit humorous, you know?
She's so bad and she can't speak.
And at least she's a little bit amusing, you know?
But Katie, correct as a news anchor?
Yeah, I think anchor is the right word, all right.
What does an anchor do to a ship?
Anchors it.
Can you bring this up right there?
The bottom, yeah.
Oh, she is the anchor with a canker.
I'm going to pass on this girl.
I'll push it back in my...
I got a pile here, man.
I could sit here if I had the energy if I wasn't an old fart.
I could sit here and just ramble through these for hours,
for days, for months.
It's almost enough to make me want to come back tomorrow.
Oh, continuing with your anti-Semitic agenda.
Yeah.
Pointing this clouds of pollution spread after Israeli air strike.
The lesbianies minister says damage was delivered causing an even bigger disaster than the word self.
This was in the Brit independent, okay?
This isn't some paranoid, lunatic website.
They're all anti-Semitic.
Well, too bad.
More people will die as a result of this is by their environment and by the way.
Just like the QA environment, don't we have one?
Oh, yeah.
More people will die as a result of pollution unleashed by Israel's bombing of Lebanon and perished in the month-long war itself.
The Lebanese government believes.
Yakuob Saraf, its environment minister, speaking exclusively in the independent yesterday,
said last week that a highly poisonous cloud could spread over a third of the country,
an area that is home to half of its people from a fire in a bomb fuel tank that burned for 12 days.
The same bombing released about 4 million gallons of oil in the sea,
the largest ever-spill in the eastern Mediterranean.
He says that the environmental damage was deliberately caused.
Experts say that if this is so, it would constitute a war crime in a breach of both the Geneva Convention
and the statute of the International Criminal Court.
Israel retorts that any such suggestion is very ridiculous.
Not just ridiculous, but very ridiculous.
The damage began July 13 when Israeli rockets hit a fuel storage tank at the G-A power station 18 miles south of Beirut.
The government managed to repair the damage and prevent an oil spill, but two days later he continued,
the rockets returned, not merely hitting the same unit again, just 25 meters from the sea,
the same power station, but fairly damaging its protective burr may complete Earth barrier
designed to stop any oil spilling from the tank from reaching the Mediterranean.
Isn't that burr mu up?
What was important military at hearted?
It was definitely deliberate. He said they didn't hit the power station just a fuel storage,
and this was the tank that was closest to the sea.
He expects the greatest catastrophe from the toxic cloud that was blown by the prevailing wind over Beirut
and a third of the country.
It contains high levels of poisonous lead and mercury and highly dangerous PCBs, he be saying.
Not only have we been breathing this for a month, but all the agricultural produce has been subjected to it.
By the way, did you see the thing about the EPA and about what's your name?
It used to be the head of the EPA, well, when I went to Whitman?
No.
From New Jersey?
No.
Former head of the EPA and about how the Bush administration pressured the EPA and not releasing the truth
about the dangers of the environment after the World Trade Center bombings after 9-11.
Didn't you see that?
No.
Well, I've seen it.
Tell us about it.
I just got to your telling about it.
Oh, yeah, don't put out that truth because it's bad.
It's bad for business.
A lot of people won't be going to work in the next day and for business people.
See, anything that's bad for business, it all starts with a B, baby.
Bush, bastards, a bitch and business is all the same.
It's a bitch.
And a bunch of crap.
Some of the things don't begin with B. They begin with SH.
Oh, some have been law in Zepi-Diam, by the way, I hate to break the news to the people at the USA today,
or are not the associated press, but also AP, whoever.
And that is that I'm in the prime in Al Zawahi.
They've dropped an eye from the spelling of his name.
I don't want a nitpick because nobody cares about these records.
They used to spell it all-dash, Z-A-W-A-H-I-R-I.
Al Zawahi, Harry.
Now, the first eye has come out.
Probably belongs to Sammy Davis.
Who cares about that?
Right now, you're nitpicking like somebody cares about those raghead names.
Oh, some have been law in Zepi-Diam, warned that the Persian Gulf and Israel countries
would be al-Qaeda's next targets in portions of a new videotape by Arab broadcaster Al Zazirah today
on the fifth anniversary of 9-11, just coincidentally and conveniently.
And he's sitting in a very nice studio in front of a bunch of bookshelves and stuff.
Looks like he's very comfortable.
Got lots of air conditioning.
Eating some halva.
I'm in the prime and also accused the governments of Egypt, Jordan and Saudi Arabia
supporting Israel's war against Hezbollah and Lebanon.
Addressing the West, the Al-Qaeda number two, and by the way, nice job beginning him and Osama.
Remember, he wasn't thinking too much about Osama.
Oh, I was thinking about him.
He mentioned 17 times.
It's one of those exaggerations.
You should not waste your time in reinforcing your troops in Iraq and Afghanistan
because their fate is doomed that he said.
Instead, you have to reinforce your troops in two regions.
First is the Gulf, where you'll be thrown out, and the second is Israel.
Oi!
The film was the latest in the flurry of Al-Qaeda videos released in Henry the University,
but unlike the others, it appeared to be new references to Israel's bombardment of lesbian on the summer
and the capture of Israeli soldiers by Hezbollah and Palestinian militants in Gaza.
Now, where's the thing about, let's say, it shows him...
Oh, yeah.
The video shows the Egyptian born Al-Zamahid, direct in white, and seated in front of a wall of bookshelves
with a big screen TV.
And I think he had one of those Ronco-Vedumatics in there too, if I'm not mistaken.
Do you see?
I wonder who they're roasting in it.
I know that's the... what do they call that?
What do they call that oven?
The rotisserie?
Well, don't start it with ovens, okay?
All right.
First, you pick it on Israel and you start with ovens.
We all see where you're going with this.
The 16th.
The 16th.
The 16th.
The 16th.
The 16th.
The 16th.
The 16th.
The 16th.
Damn!
Bitch.
Language tape number six.
The convenience store.
Follow along and repeat.
Convenience store manager.
Hello.
May I be to help you, please?
Repeat.
Hello.
May I be to help you, please?
Customer.
Yes.
I would like a pack of Parliament lights.
Convenience store manager.
You want a Parliament light?
Repeat.
You want a Parliament light?
Customer.
Yes.
I would like a pack of Parliament lights.
Convenience store manager.
Uh, these are Parliament lights?
Repeat.
These are Parliament lights?
Uh, these one.
Parliament.
Customer.
No.
Neither one of those is the Parliament light.
Wait.
No.
Is it one?
No.
It's not that one.
You want a Parliament light?
Yes.
I want the Parliament light.
Is it the one?
No.
The Parliament light?
No.
No.
Get your seats.
No.
The dirty magazine.
Get your seats.
Listen, laundry hand.
It's the Parliament light.
Now.
Turn this tape over for language tape number seven.
Ordering Chinese food over the phone.
Oh right.
Okay, 13 to 11 is 560 WQ.
We got a 1099.
Fill it out.
Send it in.
Probably it's going to be 1100 by the time you refresh it.
Mm-hmm.
Wait till you hear this.
This is very depressing.
See, I want to keep getting to that thing about the real road to 911,
an honor of today being 911.
And I can't do it because there's all this important stuff coming in.
Good.
For example, finding an acceptable level of technology,
homage and minimize build shared shacks for phone booths.
Well, good for them.
They got a phone shack.
Right.
And then after they make their call and they go and shack up,
wait a minute, what happened?
I had 1098.
It was a premature evaluation.
I said, 1099.
I lied.
Sorry.
Now it's 1099.
They're pouring in, man.
What at a time?
More Americans are back in the religious groups than previously thought.
And many others without ties to congregations still believe in God.
God.
God.
Or a higher power.
According to a broad survey of faith in America released today.
This is from USA today, today.
The study also found that most traditional Christians reject a legal evangelical
preferring to describe themselves as Bible believing or born again.
I would describe them as,
crazy.
All of them.
No matter what, you name it, they're all crazy.
The survey was conducted by the Baylor University Sociology Department
in the Baylor Institute for Studies of Religion as the first in the series
of the spiritual life of Americans.
What does that mean?
I've been asking that for months.
What is a spiritual life?
That's a buzz word.
People use it when they don't want to use the word religious or religious.
Semantic?
Yes.
Have a Getsky.
It's not like the word spiritual itself.
Getsky.
Yeah.
Researchers found that only 10.8% of Americans have no ties to a congregation.
They're not tied up.
Denomination or faith group.
We'll see that.
You know, that's, that's very,
this kind of a poll is, it's a good example of how misleading they are,
whatever you want to make them, you know.
Right.
Because it would be like somebody saying,
well, are you Jewish?
And I would say yes.
Okay.
So, what does that mean?
Does that mean like I'm a member of a denomination or a faith group?
Right.
Huh?
They would put me down as a Jew boy.
You think?
What do you know about it?
Previous surveys have put the figure at 14% overlooking about 10 million people involved in some form of organized religion.
Like maybe that somebody walked under a,
the mistletoe at Christmas time or somebody who like walked down a hallway past somebody,
let them, was, was, and they're on their doorframe.
All of you there, see, are all of us, some, have some connection.
Other surveys have also overlooked millions of evangelicals because we,
the respondents have belonged to non-denominational groups or mega churches,
what often the reports that they had no denomination.
I'm sorry.
And we're wrongly counted as unaffiliated.
Mega church.
See the whole term non-denominational when you hear someone say that,
that means that they are the cookeiest kind of Christian.
Oh.
The most fanatical kind.
No, I thought the most fanatical kind was like the Mel Gibson kind.
Right?
Well, that's all part of it.
I'm talking about the board again, Bible-thumping, tongues speaking, following the ground.
You don't have to, you see what you do, you don't have to lie.
You're right, it's all a matter of degree.
It's a matter of degree.
And as you look, you know, if you watch, like on the travel channels,
I enjoyed it on PBS because it's an HD.
I mean, even Josh sees some of those, but I doubt it.
I love that.
But you see, in Erie me, of course, I've been to many of these cities.
And every city in Europe of any size has got a big old,
well, what's the biggest building in town, George?
The church.
That's it.
You got it, baby.
A big old church.
Like you take the Transformation to Calone, which I love, Calone, German is a beautiful city.
But, yeah, well, God's a big guy.
You got out of the train station and you walk outside and the first thing you see is the Dom.
The Dom, what?
That Dom Church, the AMN.
The Dom, the OM.
It's a huge old church, man.
Huge.
Frenza, you go to Florence, what's the biggest building?
The big church.
Every city in Europe, even an Amsterdam, man.
The old church, of course, there's all the hookers right across the street from it,
but nevertheless, and all the rostigies trying to put the drugs in the road.
But nevertheless, all those poor slums, all those getkeys that came on their hands in these
and sluppeting to give their last peso to the church.
And in the meantime, all those millions that were spent on these gaudy edifices,
all those crap.
Other surveys, and well, let's see, the mega-churches, they were researchers found that
a third of Americans are evangelical Protestant.
Just under a quarter are mainline Protestant, they're mainlining it.
One-fifth are Roman Catholic and five percent are black Protestant.
Holy moly.
Jews comprise two and a half percent of the population, while five percent of Americans belong to other faiths.
The rest, who are not involved in religious groups, are not fully secular researchers
that were then sixty percent of the unaffiliated state of the belief in God or a higher power.
Who did that?
Stevie Winnwood higher power?
I'll check it out.
Don't you remember that song?
Come on.
I remember that song.
Higher love, higher power was an immense, higher love, something like that.
Look at that, Stevie Winnwood.
Higher love, you're a communist man.
And nearly a third say they pray at least occasionally, eleven percent say they believe Jesus as the son of God.
And they believe that the...
Oh, I guess what else they did, speaking of guest-ees, and talk about the way they manipulate the media.
Over the weekend, there's Stevie Winnwood.
He's good.
Yeah.
Over the weekend, they were hucking about Billy Graham, and on CNN, they were referring him to him as America's preacher.
Yeah, that's his tagline, sort of like Michael Jackson with the King of Pop thing.
He arranged that somehow.
It did he really?
Oh, yeah.
I wonder how the Catholics feel about that, and the Buddhists, and the Muslims, and the atheists, and the agnostics.
And then this is the main one of the biggest problems, man.
All these guest-ees, man, it just can't leave everybody else alone.
America's preacher, my ass.
In fact, look who he's been counseled to.
He's been counseled to sow the biggest curse like Nixon, and Bush.
And I heard he was telling Bubba some bubble-mysies.
So I heard.
1113 votes on a poll.
We got to shout a 1300 during the show today.
Won't you be proud of that?
What a start on Monday 9-11.
At least some people aren't sitting there glued to their TV watching the replays of the building's building's building.
Oh, and let me ask you, how did that, how did Tower 7 fall?
There was never any plane that hit it.
Well, you know the exact same thing.
And a collection that's seen in the same pancake cut here collapsed as Tower 1 and 2, and Tower 7 later on collapsed.
The same way.
Tower, you know, building 7 at how's the CIA office in Rudy Giuliani's bunkers there where he was keeping an Archie bunker?
Do you know that?
That's where his hideaway was.
I did not know that.
And of course, across this, he was his buddy, Bernie Karris hideaway.
His love met.
Really sad.
56670560.
Now that we're back to our regular schedule, I'm going to introduce Mr. Crawler to you.
How may we take it today, too?
That's not about right.
56670560.
I don't want to overdo it.
Ease back into it.
And pound 560 on the other side of the right of the slides.
WQA and hello.
You like that one so far?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Welcome back.
Thank you.
I was just, I don't know, you've been reading some really good stuff and there's a great piece in the fun Schmettnerl today.
I don't know if you like a great piece, yeah?
Yeah.
Gungho gay and alive today.
I think it would like the religious sketch piece, which I'll be love this.
Where can I find that?
Sonsignal.com on their editorial.
Oh, yeah, but they're website, so the worst.
I quit to the editorial.
It's a guy by Jim Rovika.
Okay.
It's on me.
It's from Fort Lauderdale.
That's a lot.
It's a great piece and it'll probably irritate a lot of people if you want to.
Well, if that's the case, I'll get it during the next break.
Okay, several times.
Okay.
All right, Neil.
Welcome back.
Thanks.
There you go.
A piece that'll irritate a lot of people.
That's our goal here is to piss a lot of people off.
Get him out of the way.
As opposed to being so lethargic, man.
Get off of the couch.
Turn the TV off.
Take a brick and put it through that TV screen.
Okay?
Get with it.
That's right.
Listen to me.
Television is not the truth.
So turn off your television set.
Turn them off.
Right in the middle of the center.
The biggest name.
So best talent.
Look at this.
Neil Rogers.
Fort radio 560.
U-A-M.
This is Mark Morgan.
Is the 12 to 1 hour on Q-A-M.
There's something slightly and sinister in business class.
Yeah, yeah.
We know.
Something evil and venomous.
Oh right.
We know.
Something so terrifying.
Yeah, we get it.
They too know it's John Mark Car on a plane.
Yes, I did it.
It was an accident.
Derrida, more champagne please.
John Mark Car on a plane.
Now John, it was a civil war channel.
It's 12 million and 560 W.
We got Mad Dog at 2.
Mad Dog in the Humper of the Power Hour with a shower from a 4 to 5.
That Hank Glover all sold by himself.
All 600 pounds between 5 and 630.
Marlins on deck 630 and then we got the Marlins in the mess.
That's 705.
The Red Hot Marlins.
Now what do they have yesterday?
They have any kind of a crowd?
I forgive what night it was.
I turned it on.
Well, if they had a thousand people there was a lot.
And a friend of mine went to the game last Tuesday.
He said also there were like a few hundred people.
We're going to have a challenge when he gets back.
Oh, what kind of a disgrace is that?
I don't know how many Josh has taken a douche in the trace.
Must be that.
Marlins in the mess tonight, 705 followed by the world famous Eddie K. Show.
1137 votes and it's just barely noon.
How do you like that?
Aren't you impressed?
I am.
Now should I just go ahead and read this cold, cold turkey?
I have no idea what this is about.
I think he should.
Jim, right.
But what guy just called it instead was going to piss a lot of people off.
Maybe us.
Gungho gay and a lot today.
Gungho gay and a lot today.
He said, I'm an agreement with William Butts commentary.
Oh, but you TTE.
Gay on September 4th on the military policy of Don't Acts Don't Tell.
It reminded me of my experience in the US Navy in 1964.
43 years and nothing has changed.
Just out of Catholic high school and I'm going to become a working adult.
I joined the US Navy.
I thought the four years would teach me to be a man and allow me to get an education
some worldly knowledge.
I was very innocent and to be sure quite ignorant about the ways of the world.
I was very sexually active with boys all during my school years, even as early as the 4th grade.
I like guys, but didn't consider myself queer and never had heard of the term gay.
Homosexual was a derogatory dictionary term.
In basic training, I decided I would like to go to course school to become a Navy corpsman.
My sister was registered nurse and I was always interested in the medical field and health care.
After the Gulf of Tonkin incident, the alleged incident, I was all Gungho.
I decided that I would after completing Naval Corps School transferred to the US Marines as a medical corpsman.
I wonder if he's kind of Harvey.
A corpsman.
I was doing quite well in school and enjoying the structured military life.
I even considered making a profession of the Navy and had aspirations of somebody advancing to the rate of chief.
Then someone suspected and turned me in to the office of Naval Intelligence
after enduring seven or eight nasty weeks of interrogation, abuse of threats from the ONI.
I was brought to the captain's mast and de-centrically discharged,
sent home with the only chief civilian clothes in five bucks as undesirable for F.
I had the lie to my family. I told him I was an alcoholic.
Thank God it was the best thing that could have ever happened to me, though at the time I never would have agreed with that notion.
Being discharged as painful as it was, there's nothing like a painful discharge.
Probably saved my life. I learned that many of the guys who went to be a non-missed field medical personnel
were killed severely injured and due to my mindset at the time I surely would have come home in a body bag.
None of this had anything to do with my being gay. I had placed myself in a harmless way because I was an ignorant young man.
A young man who had no idea that my government, as it still does now, lied to me and fued me as expendable.
Only there to fill a quote and then tossed aside for the political needs of the government.
Had our living continued in the US Navy, I'm sure I would have had a successful and rewarding enlistment.
Being gay prevented my name from being listed with many of my friends on the Black Memorial Wall in Washington DC
and I never would have had the chance to march into gay pride parade and be spit on by the same people I could have died for.
Oh, that is good. He's a semi-retired businessman and four-letter Joe Jim Ruckvika. Nice going, Jim.
Nice line, Gray. The chance to march into gay pride parade and be spit on by the same people he was willing to go and die for.
Very, very good, Jim. Excellent. Good point.
By the way, Jim. You're fairy.
Now let's see. Here's one that says from, oh, here we go again. Oh, man.
This guy just never gives up. We haven't heard from this guy in years, have we?
Well, there you go. Greg Henson. Oh, is that going to get with the puppets?
Program director and morning host. Oh, this guy used to be out of Detroit.
The WPN in Philadelphia. And that's not our station in Philly, is it?
I don't know. The Beasley station. We got stations in Philly.
We had, I think we used to have WWDB, which used to be the wonderful world of Dalai Banks who hired me twice and never went to work there.
I told you about that time in Nashville. My furniture was on the way to Philly.
And Dick has to talk me to go back to Miami. What a bad decision that was, Neil. Oh, God. Thanks, Dick.
He's not with a snowmob. He's a good guy. Greg Henson says, I'm in Philly, baby. Got our Detroit.
Well, everybody to sooner or later, some even alive.
Ready to come to work for me and I'll give you Tom Brady's personal phone number.
And then, oh, I don't want to read that website. He said, check this out.
You think, I don't want it. I'll check it out during the break.
Yeah, it sounds really dirty to me. You potty mouth. Greg, Greg Henson and Philadelphia is probably listening right now since the effects.
Look, he said it twice. I don't want Tom Brady's number.
I'll tell you like that guy in NFL Channel said yesterday when he was talking about the dimple in the chin and how what a good looking guy is.
What was that all about? That big patch barcer guy? Wow, that's a strange show.
And I will say it again, that's not a victory that pickpies fans can be proud of.
You know what I'm saying? Like, like escaping by the skin of your teeth, winning on a safety.
Right, safety, I was just going to say. And the safety was like by his knee was down like a couple of inches inside the goal line.
And on the fourth downplay from Buffalo, fourth and one on the 70 Arling, they stopped him by about an inch thanks to the spotting, you know, by the officials.
Winning by the skin of their teeth. It wasn't one of those pretty, sure wasn't the prettiest Tom Brady. I'll tell you that.
Now I'm off of him, man. There's only one Brady Arling and that's Brady Quinn.
Hey, I got news for you. When I'm rooting for Notre Dame, you know there must be some, although I hate state pin, man.
I can't stand that Joe Pa and those ugly white American Legion uniforms they got state pin, you know, they're obnoxious.
And Notre Dame just wallop the snot out of them on Saturday. Did you see that? Yes, I did.
I loved it. I definitely make it in the shower. I loved it. Anyway, Chris says on a fan.
Evidently, the new WQM warning show is attracting the worst Schmitt that's on the air. Well, I don't understand what that means.
I guess he's going to explain it. Oh, maybe you heard me the rest of it. I already read it. The very original Paul and Ron showing introduced a new segment of their show called Head of Roar Home.
Or just like we're doing on a Kenyan voicel. But then again, why should that be a surprise? Because Paul and Old Ron have done anything original, even when they filled the bull, man, it's somebody else's.
No, actually, I second thought I think they got plenty of their own. Paul and Ron have pictures of men. They describe them to the listeners, decide if they're meant to picture our gay or not.
How do you like that? How do you like that? Of course, the show, you man, Kenyan, Boer, just wipe the radio with their ass. Not the way that saying goes.
Yeah, that's a lot more than that. Seriously, even though you voted that they suck or whatever you voted.
Oh, right. I don't know what you voted for. It's great when they're not talking about sports. Right. I would agree with that. I think that's when I voted.
I said, we can just keep clearance out of that. By the way, Clarence, do not come back in at studio again. Okay. It was nicely came in there. Welcome me back. That's it.
Next time we have a paycheck problem, which it showed up nice and early on Friday. Thank you, Joe.
Next time we have a problem, then I'll talk to you. Otherwise, Clarence, let's go away.
We're about to sports segments, baby. Let's get more Bino cook on there. Then we make some more farting sounds.
And don't you play that trumpet thing? 1180.
Oh, baby.
Oh, baby.
Trombone, baby.
Nah, I'm sorry. The Trombone thing. How does Benny Ross doing? Rossy Ross?
Who?
Rossy Ross, a hundred-year-old guy that plays at the Pine Cone and on Friday nights in sunrise.
Wait, you forgot about him already?
Who?
Oh, that guy. Rosie Ross, whatever he thinks of something else.
Rosie Ross will. I don't know.
Mike Rosenthal. Randolph-Hull Hut, the real road to Manila.
So that was a good article, guys. Thank you very much, sir, for calling that in.
I don't have time. I keep putting this off because it's too long.
I don't want to sit here and ramble on with these long ponderous columns and read it like Tom Jicke said,
just read the newspaper on the ear. That's what Tom Jicke says because he hates the show like poison just like we ate him.
Like your son, Tom, but we can't stand you. You make me nauseous.
So when you stop and think about all the things that have happened in this market, in radio and TV, in last year or two,
how few of them have gotten any ink at all?
Well, I like the last rating book. Who would have wrote about that?
Oh, Sarny, he put a line in there, actually wrote the, it's kind of like the afterthought.
After you wrote that big puff piece about Booster and who is his bunk bug buddy there?
Josh?
Where?
Oh, the producer, Zazlo.
Yeah, about how they were the new mutton Jeff or whatever the deal was.
The dynamic duo.
Oh my, the dynamic duo with their point one, whatever they shared they got.
Sarny, man, you are such a loser, such a fat tub of a turt of a loser in an Aquanism.
I may be an old fart man, but he is stuffy old fart.
I'm not an rusty, that's what I was looking for. I couldn't think of that word.
Do you use that word often?
Musty?
Let's see, if I lost my job playing Misty on Thursday, in fact, when you smell a fart that's musty, your eyes get misty.
And we were talking about play Misty for me.
In fact, you found Earl Garner there.
Yes, I did.
She was under the desk.
No, he's not a she.
Oh, Earl's.
Earl's.
Oh, Earl's not a woman.
How many women you know, name no, Earl?
I'm sure I could find a couple in this town.
No.
Maybe in the Navy.
There it is.
Let's hear it.
Earl Garner was a great penis of all time.
Oh, sorry, Joe, it's one of the great f*** of all time.
Steve, Earl Garner Trio, apparently there were three of them.
That is correct.
He had three of them.
Or can you even tell you that while we're the article about the Amish?
Now, some people say Amish, which I'm sure is not correct.
No, it's Amish.
Well, some people say Amish and some people say they're wrong.
Amish, like that schmata that the Alzoarhe is wearing there, I'm in the pymons very Amish.
Looks like it's homemade.
Off the side of a dirt road in southern Maryland stands an odd answer to these swiftly changing telecommunications industry.
It's a rusted metal chamber nearly eight feet tall.
Oh, don't confuse it with an outhouse.
The door is padlocked.
That would be bad to go into the foam wood.
Now, closest to that was when Dustin Hoffman was farting in the foam booth in...
Rayman movie.
Rayman.
Oh, fart.
The door is padlocked.
Three surrounded with no houses inside.
Looks like an old bomb shelter.
I bet you if Dustin Hoffman knew what he knows now he wouldn't have been in the foam booth with Tom Cruise.
Inside is a telephone built by several nearby Menonite families.
The oil tank turned foam booth.
Connected them to the rest of the world's Sordau.
And Sordau, when it comes to the estimated 1600 older menonite and Amish residents who still ride horse-drawn buggies down the roads of St. Mary's County is the point.
In the past several years, this is from the Washington Post of all places.
In the past several years, they have quietly erected at least twelve similarly hidden private foam booths,
posting them behind bars in the woods in one case inside a former chicken coop.
As stone ages, they want to be.
Remember that chicken?
As stone ages, they want to be.
Who the hell was that?
Oh, that's from that burger keeper, Rachel.
Oh, is it?
If you remember, they can work on it.
The phones allow them to conduct business, crucial to surviving with the reasons development pressures,
while holding out a prohibition against home phone lines and cell phones.
Called community phones, they are the latest example of how the groups in Maryland and elsewhere have been cutting deals with technology for the past century.
It used to be that the older menonite and Amish families in St. Mary's relied on public coin-operated pay phones,
but every time they stood up, the change kept falling out.
Is that what happened to Meg Green?
All the time.
But as people migrated to cell phones, telecommunications companies took notice on average,
they removed more than a thousand pay phones a year in Maryland according to their records.
So the Amish and menonites are adapting.
Business is business to the Elmer Brubocker.
Oh, I'm surprised his name isn't Yoder.
Have you ever met any Amish people whose last name isn't Yoder?
I haven't met any Amish people.
Oh.
Well, I used to live in How Indiana, man.
And then I was like, huh?
Easily.
Right, right, right, just after Sturge, it sounds like the Michigan-Indiana border man.
How Michigan?
I mean, I have that some German debt tests and some menonites that don't want them.
Well, good for you.
Business is business to Elmer Brubocker.
A manonite, maybe he's one of the ones you met standing over, a pallet of tomatoes or tomatoes,
and a love-filled production that he helps run.
If they have to pull them out, I understand that.
He's talking about the phones.
The new phones hold advantages.
The Amish menonites don't have to carry around fistfuls of quarters of bicostly calling cards.
Families divide monthly bills.
The phones are hidden locked in in the case of a metal chamber booth, which was fashioned out of a tank salvage from a junkyard, reinforced.
There are rules.
Families can't post phones too close to homes and they can't outfit them with amplified ringers that effectively would make them house phones.
Some Amish don't cut and devise mail, but old order menonites seem more accepting of the future.
Of the future and the future.
Not not of the past.
For both groups, the idea is to limit forces they think will distract them from faith and family.
All right.
As our cake is they want to be.
The telephone and the use of the telephone is not something we're opposed to.
We just want to be the main part of our lives in Ethan Brubocker, 31, a nephew of Elmer, who owns the Quiet Valley Structures, a shed building business in Lula and Loveville.
Shed.
He and 11 neighbors share a community phone booth that is screened out by row of 20 evergreen hedges.
Community phone calls can be said.
A 39 year old Amish bishop walks a half mile through the woods to call to check on his mother, who's in a Washington hospital with cancer.
The calls can be scary.
A menonite racist to the metal chambered phone after a relative was bitten by a black widow.
And the calls can be funny.
And Amish man, having accidentally locked himself inside his shandy, can't call any brethren because they aren't near phones.
So he calls his veterinarian.
And at that point, say, yeah, it's touching.
Yeah, all against these all the time.
The biggest name, the best talent to visit is Neil Rogers, sports radio 560, QAM.
I'm smiling at Android's voice.
That's absolutely.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
I need President Dunstle, Republican muscle and energy with his idiot, I don't know why they won't want to come, but no, he's here first for the next four years with President Dunstle,
Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican
Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, Republican, his팩ISTOT, and his 익 incorporate
a player doing many things wrong on the streets, on the street, on the streets, on the streets, on the streets, on the street, there are
The number that embosses still lots of men from 1965 to 50 W. C. M. So here's another
fact from Greg Hansen and his puppets. He said the site is clean. It's W. W. W. W.
W. W. just checked it out. Will it? Will I don't even say it. When will T. O. blow
dot com mean to write terror on almost said to rel sorry. Did you look it up? No. Oh
it's got you would be interested. Josh, but this cute got a picture of his head and
the top is like blowing like a bomb. And the sports talk station Dallas 1950. There's
their conducting their website. Yeah. Have a guess when the T. O. will just have the
big falling out. Couple more losses. I take it with parcel. Yeah. I lost yesterday.
That's not too good. You know, who the hell did they place some girls team I think? Jackson
bill. Oh, not Jackson bill. Like I said, a girl's team and they got beat by them. And
I see the browns lost to New Orleans. Oh my God. We don't want to get too football intensive.
No, we'll leave that for the afternoon guys. I make a talk about how bad the Patriots
look and get their hopes up. You know, the dolphins. We love the dovetail. And it often
suck. Can you make no mistake about it? Randolph, a whole hut, the real road to 9 11. I've
been training to read this for a long time and you're going to like probably in a row.
And this is one of those carry over his too long. I can't stop that. I got to do it now.
I must make my opponent rounds. This is Howard Bielsen. The Bush administration, the most
tightly disciplined and secretive White House in memory has worked for the last five years
to obscure the true story of the events surrounding the 9 11 terrorist attacks. With the fifth
anniversary of 9 11 today, it's worth remembering the instead of how the Bush administration
ignored the threat that I'll try to post and how they used 9 11 to leave this nation
in a way long costly and bloody war and occupation in Iraq. When George W. Bush took office
in January 2001, the U.S. Commission on National Security 21st Century, a Defense Department
Chartered Commission headed by former U.S. Senators Gary Hart and Warren Rudman had just
produced a report that concluded that a direct attack against American citizens on American
soil is likely over the next quarter century. While Congress apparently was taken the
Hart Rudman report seriously, the Bush administration decided to shove it aside and prepare its
own response to the issue. In May 2001, the Bush administration announced that Vice President
and Cheney would study the problem of domestic terrorism and assign primary responsibility
for dealing with it to FEMA. The same guy did such a great job in Nalins. Before the
Bush administration decided to go its own way, Hart and Rudman had breathed in Secretary
of State Colin Powell, then National Security Advisor, Condoleezza Rice, and Defense Secretary
Hermann Göring-Romisfeld, and urged them to spend more time dealing with terrorism.
Nothing happened, and the Hart Rudman Commission's report was ignored. Not even the New York
Times chose to report on the Commission's findings until September 12th that they
after the 9-11 attacks. As for the Cheney report, it was never completed. The story that
Bush people have stuck to all along is that the threats they received were too vague to
be acted upon, but how do you account for these two stories from July 2001?
The G8 Annual Economic Summit, which President Bush attended, was held that month in
Genoa, Italy. The summit featured extraordinary security, including ground-aware missile batteries,
according to a report at the time in the Times of London, the Italian Defense Ministry
had taken a precaution after a tip by a friendly foreign intelligence service that Islamic
suicide bombers might try to attack the summit in a small aircraft or helicopter.
During that same month, then Attorney General John Ascroft stopped taking commercial
flights. CBS News reported at the time the reason Ascroft started flying exclusively
in private aircraft was because of a threat assessment by the FBI.
Here were two instances where threats were received and acted upon, but no one thought to
notify the Americans that something might be up.
Another one of those events, warnings, was in report in July 2001 from the FBI's Phoenix
Office that suspects in a terrorist investigation linked about Kata and Osama bin Laden were
attending flight school. The New York Times reported that one of the people who saw the
report filed by special agent Kenneth Williams was John O'Neill. Remember him? The FBI's
leading expert on bin Laden, one of its top countertair was some people.
Do you remember him? Of course I did. O'Neill apparently took the memo seriously and tried
to warn the higher-ups about it. Nothing was done. It was never shared with the CIA or
other intelligence agencies, not even the top special on of the FBI ever saw it. In the
midst of this inaction, the Bush administration was supposedly backing off-tracking bin
Laden because it was more interested in cutting a deal with the Taliban and Afghanistan,
which was harboring bin Laden, so an oil pipeline could be built.
O'Neill quit the FBI and discussed in August 2001 to take a job as chief security at the
World Trade Center. The pipeline negotiations broke down later that month. Bin Laden's forces
struck on 9-11 and O'Neill died at the hands of the people he had fought so hard to
throw it.
Since then it's been reported that Russian German and Israeli intelligence agencies all
picked up signals during the summer of 2001 that bin Laden was up to something big. The
German intelligence agency, BND, warned the US and Israel that terrorists were planning
the hijack planes and fly them into buildings. That was echoed by Russia's intelligence
services. They told the CIA in August 2001 that 25 terrorists' pilots had been trained
for suicide missions. Also that month, the Israeli intelligence agency Mossad warned
the FBI and CIA that up to 200 Al-Qaeda members were planning a major attack on American
targets.
And on August 6, 2001, President Bush received a memo entitled bin Laden determined a
strike in the US. It suggested Al-Qaeda, the same group that blew up the US embassy in
Kenyan August 98 and the US has called in Yemen October 2000, might be planning an attack
in this country and will find a hijack airline at some time soon.
Bush was on vacation at his ranch in Texas that month and nothing happened. In 2002,
Time Magazine reported how the Bush administration ignored a plan developed by the Clinton
administration to attack Al-Qaeda in Afghanistan. In the fall of 2000, the Clinton administration
prepared a counter-terrorism plan that included freezing financial assets, aiding countries
such as Yemen, Uzbekistan and the Philippines, and breaking up terrorist terrorist cells
and a combined US air and special operations military campaign in Afghanistan would help
from the anti-tallop endorphin lines. While the Bush administration eventually did all
of these things after 9-11, this plan was already put together almost a year earlier
by the Clinton administration after the attack on the US is cold. Clinton held off on executing
the plan in the last days of his presidency because of the impending transition. Unlike
President George Herbert Walker, Bush, who stuck the incoming Clinton theme with the
Somalia mess in the closing days of his term, President Clinton apparently didn't want
to do something similar as he left office. The plan languished in the National Security
bureaucracy. The proposals were not re-examined by senior administration officials until April
2001 and were not reconsidered by the top National Security Department heads until a week before
9-11. There's no guarantee that executing the Clinton plan would have formed 9-11, but
it's not clear that doing something probably would have been better than doing nothing.
But that's a profound line, isn't it? Doing something would have been...
It's kind of like us here at QAM, you know? Doing something would have been better than
doing nothing. Speaking of... Okay, let's put it on hold. You got it on hold.
Okay, I got it. Oh, by the way, Greg said... I am listening...
Your buddy Greg, you're with the puppets.
The biggest name of the best talent is the wheel Rogers 4th radio 560.
K-A-N.
Tonight on Breadcamp, don't miss a special guest appearance from Philadelphia Eagles
White Receiver, Carol Owens. The Russians are running high as the third and most
intense day of solo begins. You better need to tell me you showed up, and I just told
a wrong man, I told him the same. I told him the setup. You don't have to tell me I don't
talk to you. There are also rules to be able to view the overfield and look at the possibility
I'm not a real change.
My attitude is not going to change.
For you, just wanted to have this conversation with me.
There's a stuff that we've just got for you.
You're getting through the trauma and the issues that you would do.
That's the point to lie.
Very accurate.
You know, I'm not one of these kids.
Creating a morning sunshine, you stretch your wings,
and show your colors and patterns that you will be knowing
is painted by a fire.
I just want to take a look at that.
That's Carol Owens.
Tonight, on Brett Cab, Sage Walk will never be the same again.
So everybody knows the real story.
Anyway, Greg Hansen, that's for you.
Also, I work at a 9.50 AM.
He's not in Dallas.
It's his station.
Why didn't he say that?
Oh, it's a stupid sports station.
WPG has Philly.
There's a thing on there with his picture and his sidekick
on his morning show and they're like, whatever.
Anyway, the goodness for Josh is you don't have to like repost that story.
You want to know why?
Why is that?
It's still on there.
Discover the secret right wing network behind ABC's 9.11 A section.
It's still on there.
Right below us.
Others see us at the US or the war on terror?
See it?
Nope.
What do you mean you don't see it?
It's on our homepage, on our main page.
I got a switch.
I'm in the admin page, you know?
Well, don't get on that page.
Get way down there.
I'm going to ground.
There we go.
I just had it.
Don't you see it?
There it is.
Where?
This guy.
Above New Heart, hitting DNC video slam is Bush's new fund interest in Osama bin Laden
too much before the election.
Dutch priest charge in Madonna thread.
It's two stories above that.
Don't you see if I'm next woman, though?
Damn it.
There it is.
Jesus, K. Christ.
Still on there.
Anyway, I would recommend everybody make copies of that and paste it on the subway walls.
I got to get that, Dion.
I got to get the CD.
I mean, I've got it on my thanks to you.
I got to my iPod.
The military, you know?
Yeah, that's a good idea.
You know, instead of me, FedEx may smile anyway.
I paid for it probably or somebody did.
You know, Frankie?
I was just thinking that's one of the all-time best.
No, you probably don't like it.
You don't like it?
Written on the subway walls and then Paul Simon does a little, uh, do I with him for like
about five words?
No, I need to give it a listen.
Anyway, getting back to my article here.
Can I get back to this?
Please?
Please.
Can I finish this?
Because I'm saving the world here just like the goddess.
We're saving the world from itself.
Randy Rosa, I know him, Tramski, man.
And Gourvet Hall.
Then there's the second part of the road to 9-11.
Just to have the Bush administration use the attack as justification for a war to remake the Middle East.
Oh, yeah, they're remaking it into a worst mess that it already was.
Few people thought that was possible, but they're showing them.
In 2001, few people had heard of a Washington-based neo-conservative think tank called the project
for a new American Century P-NAC.
A few knew then about its plans for a global American empire, knew that its alumni, Cheney Rumsfeld,
deputy defense secretary Paul Wolfowitz, Cheney's then chief staff Lewis Scooter-Libby,
and former defense policy board chairman, the Umsha's Richard Pearl, among them, had considerable power in the White House.
Also, your president's brother, the fat ass governor of Florida, Jeb Bush.
In the fall of 2000, P-NAC issued a report entitled Rebuilding America's Defense Strategies Forces
and Resources for a New Century.
The P-NAC report was mostly rehashed of an earlier strategic proposal thrown up for the Pentagon by Libby and Wolfowitz in the early 1990s.
Libby and Wolfowitz envisioned a world where the guiding principle of U.S. foreign policy would be establishing permanent U.S. military
and economic dominance over the Persian Gulf region, and any other part of the world where U.S. interests were.
The P-NAC version of a Pax Americana in the Middle East, starting with the Oster Sodom who sang on the establishment of American Protective in Iraq,
might have remained merely a vision.
But in the worst case scenario of what happens when ideologues get an opportunity to put their plans into action,
9-11 gave the Neocons the chance they'd been waiting for.
Within hours of the collapse of the World Trade Center, the talk within the inner circle of the Pentagon and the White House was, invading Iraq.
Even after the responsibility for 9-11 was squirrely priced, I've been logged in al-Qaeda to focus in the White House or made on Iraq.
When Bush gave his two state-of-the-union speech, Iraq was front and center in the axis of evil, and the propaganda campaign to commence people of the need to invade Iraq began in earnest.
There was no way the P-NAC group had sold us a war based on its vision of regime change in Iraq as the first step toward a peaceful, totally transformed Middle East.
And so the phrase, weapons of mass destruction would become ubiquitous in the news media, as President Bush and his underlings lied repeatedly and outrageously about a
Iraq's military capabilities and the threat they posed to the USA.
While many feared chaos in Iraq, the P-NAC crew, which had founded the Committee for Liberation of Iraq and pushed Iraqi-Azile Ahmed Chalabi as the eventual replacement for Saddam, maintained that the Iraqis would greet US and British forces with flowers and ecstatic celebration.
Flowers and candy, baby. Iraq would become a beacon of stability and democracy in the Middle East, and Iraqis would be forever grateful to the U.S. for their moral of Saddam Hussein.
This was the plan that was set in motion by 9-11. Five years later, we clearly see what happened as a result.
It's been clear for the last five years that the Bush administration did little or nothing about the issue of terrorism.
It failed to prevent a catastrophic attack, then turned around and used that attack to justify an extreme foreign policy agenda that slept us in a quiet environment in Iraq and Afghanistan and is weakened our position in the world.
That was worth waiting for, and I thought it was pretty good.
Well said.
1314 votes.
Boy, if we can make it to 1400 today, I might actually come back and do this again tomorrow.
All right.
Might.
Oh, there's a WNLORRA man.
How is that school coming in wherever it is in Iraq?
And what used to be Iraq?
It's just amazing.
And I'm going to tell you right now who's more responsible than anybody else.
The media is sick and you talk to Adler.
Same crap we started during Vietnam.
Those of us old folks over and over, remember the way that the media just pushed all the lies from LBJ and Nixon right on down the line, man.
Until finally, the pro-ent.
I think Kent State told the Tots and People lesson. Don't open up a big mouth.
Maybe Doug Thompson ought to think about Kent State.
But nevertheless, finally, after 58,000 kids came home and body bags for absolutely nothing,
I'll based on another lie, the Gulf of Tonkin incident, which never happened in the first place.
And here we go through the same thing again.
And it was only when Walter Cronkite opened up a big mouth amazingly enough.
He said, that's the way it ain't.
He actually said, ain't.
Not.
When are you going to start, Jim?
Clancy there on CNN opening up a big mouth, you jackass.
It happened thousands of miles away.
Yeah, too bad.
That's where you belong.
Thousands of miles away in outer space.
You and all your henchmen there, man.
You're all nuts.
The media is sick and they thought badly.
That's why, baby.
I've gotten this for a man.
They're all on the take.
They're all in the bag.
Make no mistake about it.
Last night, CBC is showing that segment on loose change.
And then they followed up with that two-hour movie, which is one of the most important things
that all of you should see while we fight.
And in the meantime, once ABC got on, the first of a four-hour mini-series of propaganda,
the end of PBS, history rewritten by a bunch of Neocon religious lunatics.
13, and you know what?
I'm going to say it right now.
What?
If it weren't for the internet, we wouldn't have known it.
Oh, yes, we wouldn't have known.
I mean, we'd be finished anyway.
But the internet is the only hope, man.
Sure.
Thank God, Al Gore and Ronald.
You know what?
That's right.
I got a story about Al Gore.
He said he might run.
Lockbox.
He hasn't ruled out his second run.
He said he's got the run.
He's probably from meeting all that.
If it's for him or his swallery, then please, please, yeah.
Yeah.
We love him.
I'm telling you, he's not wrong with Al.
If you just push up a little bit, right?
How dare they drag the good name of the United States of America through the mud of Saddam
Hussein's torture prison?
I think that's the above-us-problem with Hillary is that she had a lock box.
1323 votes on a poll.
So can you believe that?
We're going to make 1400, boys.
And you people are going to, everybody from QM is going to be running around in the streets
with big placards.
Neil, on his first day back to the full schedule on 9-11-2006, Neil Rogers, guys.
It's going to be on the front pages of every newspaper, even a weekly reader in the Palm Beach Post.
There you think?
Uh-huh.
Hey, this is it.
That QAM publicity machine, man.
We've got a machine like you ain't never seen.
Anyway, getting back.
Who do you believe was responsible for 9-11 attacks?
The voice-chainee crowd, 493.
Peanak, Vinny O'Conns, all of the...
And how come they left off on that list in that story I just read?
One of the most disgusting William Crystal, man.
Oh, brother.
When I see him, I just want to...
I want to hear you hard objects at my expensive TV set.
He's in that movie while we fight.
You see him in there with Richard Pearl.
This is a vlog.
I've not just full of crap.
Just like I ought to take a two by four.
Just not call their teeth flying, you know?
The voice-chainee crowd, 493, out, Kite of 477.
We'll never know 145.
Like who killed Pak Robin, you know?
Saudi Arabia, 130.
I have no idea, 45.
Sodom was saying 22.
We're going to round those people up.
And I hate this poll only 14, only 1%.
Now, that's...
You combine that with the fact that we got 1330 votes
and then we really got something, okay?
Maybe after the break, who's going to be what it was?
The biggest names.
No, it's not that.
It's the...
It's the Gold Rogers.
Force Radio 560.
QAM.
Take off those checkered pants.
Oh, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la
la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la
la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la
la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la
la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la
The government refers to Republican legislators as the wild bunch and said that black blood mixed with Latino blood equals hot, referring to Russia. Black blood. You know you had black blood in you? You know, I can apply for a whole bunch of college funds that I didn't know that I could be. There you go. Anyone out there feels offended by these comments. I just want to say I'm sorry, Schwarzenegger said I'm Friday. All the time. Same old crap.
So these outrageous things, not a course sooner or later, I apologize. Right. Over and over again. Then I would explain all the time that I cut myself instead of red, you know, it'd come out black. That's what it is. That's what it is. That's what it looks. Yeah. And so it's not such a, it's a, it's a, at least he doesn't spare anybody in this deal. He's ripping the Latino as and the blacks. The recording was obtained by the LA Times. It was a private meeting that the governor used to be courts for speech writers. The recording consists of relaxed batter amongst
Schwarzenegger in a few ways. Garcia commented the governor didn't have to apologize. The comments didn't bother her in the least. I love the governor because he's a straight talker just like I am. She said to a local newspaper. Very often I tell them, look, I'm a hot blood Latina. So let's go back again. Black blood mixed with Latin blood equals hot. It's a chemistry thing. You know, sometimes that doesn't sometimes it don't. But they can sort of win a greener. Right. Like oil and water. Like Halava and far from
the devil George W. Bush speaking of rocket scientists. See, we shouldn't own a day that I'll got elected governor California. That was the end. We shouldn't play the end by the door. I should have. Yeah, but you don't have that. Of course I did. Well, I think this chair is going to fall apart. I just heard that would not be good if I fell on the floor and broke my back during the middle of the first show. I'm serious. It's just like drop like a button little. That's not because my weight is on. It's not that good. It's not that bad. It's men's amends. You got the end. I'm sure you don't know what it is. I'm sure I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm sure it's just like dropped like a button a little. And that's not because my weight is on. It's not that good. It's not that bad. It's men's amends.
Are you at the end? Yeah, both ends. I think I may fall in my end. They don't want any chance. Uh oh. This is the end, my friend. I haven't heard this in so long. I don't remember. I haven't heard of that long. I don't remember how it goes. George W. Bush has the lowest average IQ of all but one. American presidents. That's not what I'm going to do.
the start of the 20th century according to the estimates of psychological
researchers. He is definitely intelligent, certainly smart enough to be
president of the West of Dean Keith Simonton, psychologist at the University of
California. But his intellect falls below all of the presence of the past
hundred and ten years except Warren G. Harding, who was in the White House
briefly in the 20s and regarded as a failed president.
Who wrote this? Well, this is the Brit times, I say, briefly in his 20s. Oh, I nailed it. Nice going, Jim. Nice.
Borsches estimate IQ is about 20 points below that of his predecessor Bill Clinton.
It is spirited and may have created a contrast effect that made any intellectual
weaknesses all the more salient. What he's trying to say is that Bush is a moron,
but we already knew that. Simonton has drawn a particular estimated presidential
intelligence by amassing data created by other researchers writing in the
journal of political psychology estimates that Bush's IQ range between 111.138.5,
which is a mean of 120, which is about average for a college graduate in the US. Pretty mean.
It's a mean, yeah, mean thing to say. Clinton's IQ range between 135.6 and 159,
Ronald Reagan's between 118 and 142. John Quincy Adams, president from 1825 to
179 was a cleverer with a range of 165 to 175, one of the ingenious territory.
The data used by Simonton was created by the filtering and analization of
personnel descriptions from biographical sources. There's a bunch of cracks. How do I
how can you tell somebody's IQ based on, you know, somebody lived like 200 years ago.
Kind of a comedy, but your crap is that Bush's openness score of zero compared
with 82 for Clinton and JFK 95 or even Lincoln 99 for Thomas Jefferson placed him at the
very bottom of US presidents. Openness to experience a cognitive
profility that encompasses unusual receptiveness to fantasy aesthetics,
present actions, ideas and values. In the general population, this factor is
positively associated with intelligence and Bush ranks zero on the open
ness scale. Zero, in other words, the big, kind of like the guys across the street.
You know those guys, talking to the dolphins, they'll lose too many more games
because if they lose any more millions on his dolphin broadcast this year, they
might have to pull the plug in that whole operation over there. Bush's score is
comparable to an extremist Islamic fundamentalist in the Taliban and al-Qaeda
leadership with notable exception of Osama bin Laden whose IQ is still lower.
How do you like that? How does that make you feel?
The same. Trevor McCristen, lecturer in the American politics at Warwick University,
said this is going to give adenination to those who dislike Bush and
especially dislike his folksiness and apparent lack of intellectual
vigorous devil we're calling is a parent lack of intellectual vigor. It's
folksy. You're not an ignorant doof. You're just a folksy, not a redneck, just
folksy down, down home. Like that jackass that placed
for the giants with a big mouth from you of M. What else is name that Jeremy
Shaki? Who by the way was responsible for two very very bad plays last night?
Hey nice going Jeremy. You fat old jackass. Well of course he's got you know he
can't spell scum without UM. A major part of his public persona to some extent
is that he is not intellectual. Oh but he went to Yale which had and he's had
an exclusive upbringing and he's by no means a dimwit. He just a good actor.
Amber Dim. Of course I did. My favorite. Got some bad news for you and
Nicole fans both of you. What? She didn't. I don't know why I put this up here.
Why do we want to talk about her? You know it's like it's like talking about
baby Sury you know with a fringe on top. You know I just just amazes me like they
have this awful shill on CNN when it's shill remember I talked about how
it curts from the Washington Post and his wife is a Republican operative
or so the Republican party and he comes on their reliable sources on CNN and
they pretend that they're like dissecting the objectivity of the media and
what a good job or bad job they're doing etc. Yeah and yesterday I saw a cut
the last end of it and he's going out about well we still haven't learned
any of their obsession with all these silly stories and they showed the chick
from a Rubin Adely Holloway and they showed what's your name? The one that got
off by the congressman I can't even think of her name anymore.
Shandra.
Shandra Levy oh I can't believe that I'm from point of
Seven.
They're in a hell of a sh-
How are you?
And now an update on the Shandra Levy story. Nothing absolutely nothing.
Absolutely.
More on this later.
And then about the John Mark car and then you know and the meantime they're the ones
that are doing all of this you know. We can't help ourselves because that's all
you people care about is crap.
Kakarai is the Chinese say.
Got any?
Hazarai is the beast would say. The 20 year old son of Anand Kulsmith died suddenly
in the Bahamas yesterday. Three days after the former playboy played
make a birth of a girl.
He died?
He died.
A statement from Howard Case Stern that's her lawyer. I know that. I just had to
leave the pregnant positive because all the people are like blah blah blah blah
They're doing that right now. All the serious people.
Seriously?
By the way do you hear how much we heard about him in the last few or four months and
about that whole deal.
Anything but nothing about whom is right.
A statement from Howard Case Stern and Anand Kulsmith's attorney did not provide any details
of Daniel Smith's death. He declined to comment when contacted by Reuters.
We have yet to learn to cause a death but don't believe the drugs of booze were a factor
statement's stern said. Anand Kulsm absolutely devastated by the loss of her son.
He was a pride and joy and an amazing human being.
Daniel Smith was in the Caribbean nation where his mother 38k birthed a healthy girl on Thursday.
He appeared in the end in a cold show and then you tell me he was in it and you don't
want to be in there.
He was always acting like trying to clean my lovely camera and leave me alone and I'm embarrassed
by everything my mom is doing. What a fat slut.
All these sins being named playboys. Playmate of the year in 93, the former Vicky Lynn Hogan
from Mexico Texas has never been far from public spotlight.
In 94 she married wheelchair bound oil tycoon Jay Marshall Howard E. N. after meeting him
at a strip club. His death 14 month after 14 months of marriage triggered a legal battle
over his estate. Early of this year she won a US Supreme Court decision giving her another
chance to collect millions of dollars.
Pierce Marshall died in June. Smith hasn't said who fathered her second child.
No, this is a surprise.
Well does it make a difference? That's the new American way baby just just women making
babies you know that's just the way they're maybe the same person that father Michael Jackson's
children. That could be it. A lot of anonymous father going on over there man are just screwing
their brains out. 1385 votes. We actually got a shot.
Do I dare say it? At 1500.
I am Joe Bell tell me this more if you get 1500 votes you can take the rest of the year
off.
The biggest name of the best talent.
Why solid.
That's a more 20560.
You.
A.M.
So this is on this is not a tumor. It's the one to two hour.
I'm on it.
I'm on it.
He's on it.
And he's kind of like me.
It gives you the big script of beer and he wears a brown jacket that looks like he bought
it at banana rate public off the discount rack.
I'm on it.
I'm on it.
I'm on it.
I'm on it.
I'm on it.
I'm on it.
I'm on it.
I'm on it.
I'm on it.
I'm on it.
I'm on it.
I'm on it.
I'm on it.
I'm on it.
I'm on it.
I'm on it.
I'm on it.
I'm on it.
I'm on it.
I'm on it.
I'm on it.
I'm on it.
I'm on it.
I'm on it.
I'm on it.
I was just telling you about the important one about the background of this so-called
docuDrama and move it up to the top.
Oh yeah, Eric did it.
Well, you know what the actual title is.
Actually, I could do that.
I have an image.
No.
You could do it.
I could.
Well, no, because it would be duplicated.
What's the actual title?
I have them do it right now.
When you relax, this discovered the secret right wing network behind ABC's 9-11 deception.
Discover the secret.
I'm reading it without my glasses.
Okay, because it's far away.
It's on it.
It's on the monitor about a foot away.
Got it?
Got it.
Got it.
Got it.
Got it.
Got it.
Got it.
Got it.
Got it.
Got it.
Got it.
Got the treasure chest here, and it separates you fromheimes.
Big deal with the puzzle.
What do you mean?
Uh, the puzzle?
Stick out there.
Dig into the puzzle.
Okay.
ELD
with it, man. What do I care about statistics? I just want people to read it. We got to
save the world, baby, along with what's your name? And Jim, speaking of that, green piece,
I'm not sure I can read this story, but I'm going to, anyway, it's a new story for
Chris Sace. Just that story. No. I beg your pardon? Just that story. Well, I know how many
people have read it already. Okay. So I can add the two numbers together. I can add
those big numbers, Eric. Okay. Just like what a paycheck shows up. It'll be done. Thank
you. Thanks, Eric. Green piece Netherlands is usually the statement warning, sex
toy lovers must not shove the spectra gel anal plug or the crystal jelly double-dong
where the sun don't shine. I want to report on the expatica. The reason behind the
shocking advisory is not the possible risk of ending up in a hospital where they build
those stuck firmly inside of you and having to endure the humiliating laughter of medical
staff who avail themselves of the opportunity of grabbing a few x-rays related dissemination
on the internet. But rather that sex toys are currently contained extremely high concentration
of, I don't know how to say this word, but family plasticizers which allegedly pose a
risk to human health and the environment. In other words, a pH TH, ALATS, Thalates are
all derived plasticizers, commonly used as soft and PVC. Research Center TNO examined
8 sex toys that green pieces be has including dildos, vibrators and butt plugs. I wonder
what C more butts thinks about that. I discovered that seven of the items contain high levels
of Thalates, including the EHP which last year was permanently banned from kids toys in
the EU because of a possible health risk to young children. So I guess they shouldn't
be using these either. Green pieces Bart van Upsilan, head of the organization's campaign
against toxic materials, said I can't remember what last five years such high concentrations
being found in research. So unless you want to have your rectum loaded with those Thalates,
don't use them. Don't stick them. Okay. Got it. Well, there's a warning here. Man,
stop right away. That can be like a lifesaver for somebody out there. 14, 11, 17 votes on
a pool. But we've got a shot at 15, 11, I don't know that we've ever done that before.
Don't you find this like exciting shocking? It is exciting and shocking in all of these.
It's your me shocking. It's all these things. I don't know. Still don't see that story
up there. Now how long is it going to take him to do that? I know. Three, four hours.
So I'm going to get pushy with him now anyway. 14, 121 votes. Michael Moore is back.
First, General Motors then gun control followed by George W. Bush. Now,
Ravil Rousing filmmaker Michael Morris, turned his irreverent camera and none too soon
on health care in America. Oh my God. Sicko. Morse that section of the health care system
promises to be another hilarious documentary romp based on excerpt he showed Friday night
at the Toronto International Film Festival. During a two hour appearance, Moore discussed his
career as a counterculture journalist, provocative filmmaker and liberal standing bear and he played
three clips from a sicko, which he said would be in theaters next June. The segments presented
so next June, I'll be on my summer schedule by then. Let's move the clock out real fast.
The segments presented stories of personal health care nightmares including that of a woman
that I'd paint in for an ambulance ride after a head-on collision because it wasn't pre-approved.
They tried to find every way they can to deny it to you or not sell it to you to hold a pack
theater or they tried to find it anyway. Then tried to find anyway they can't pay the bill.
What? Or then tried to find anyway they cannot to pay the bill, I say whatever.
The sicko wife's excerpts also include the segment comparing Canada's public health care
to the privatized system in the West, including that Canadians have more equitable access
to medical services, eh? The idea for a sicko grew out of a segment from Moore's TV show,
The Awful Truth in which he staged a mock funeral outside a health maintenance organization
than in decline to pancreas treatment for a diabetic man. The HMO leader, Relented and Gave in.
Healthcare representatives downplay the potential impact of Moore's documentary.
We can't control what a major Hollywood entertainer does, says Moheep Ghosts, a spokesman
from the Trade Group of America's Culf Insurance Plans. That's his name, Moheep Ghosts.
Our focus remains on a positive agenda of high quality healthcare for more Americans, said Moheep.
With the lead back for a shot of it and in your face documentary,
Stan Moore broke out in the suit and we know about the Roger and me and Voting for Columay.
We know all of these things, right? Right. All of these things.
Okay. Well, we can't wait for a sicko, although I think we already have several sickos running
the whole world only. Yes we do. 1430 baby unbelievable. 1430. Now don't start playing the love
songs. I'm going to tell you why. Why? It might shut us down. Islamic militants controlling much
of seven samadhi has shut down a radio station yesterday for playing love songs and other music.
Go. If you had any idea how much I hate that song. Really? Hate it. I mean it got a little overplayed,
but oh silly ain't the word, man. I wonder what they think of this over there.
I think they got the wrong people. But the double bear full. Islamic militants controlling much
of seven samadhi has shut down a radio station yesterday for playing love songs and other music.
The latest step to impose strict religious rule which is Barthiers of an emerging Taliban-style
regime. Religious rule. There we go again. Like I've been telling you screaming at you people for
years all the get-kis all the time. When you watch those travel shows they show you all those old
churches and they give you like a little hysterical historical renda and they talk about oh like
King Stephen and Hungary and how he imposed Christianity. Tonight's tonight. What's that all about?
It's love. It's love song. They're all love. Oh the shurrams? Okay. I think you're going to play like
a
L.O.V.E.L.V.E. like syrupy like that. Oh yeah, a pair of sisters. Max in the slameel. Okay.
I like that song. Since we've been to power for much of seven samadhi including the capital of Mogadishu
in June the Islamists have banned movie viewing publicly the last drug users and broke up a wedding
celebration because the ban was playing and men and women were socializing together. By the way they
had there were suicide bombing in a funeral in Afghanistan they six people died. You see that?
No. That's the new deal they go to the cemetery. At least they'll be closed anyway. You know it's
coming right at his handy. Right. The group closed radio Joar because the programs were on
Islamic Islamic official Sheikh Mohammed Mohammed Abrahaamun said something like that. Mohammed
oh I'm sorry Mohammed Mahamud Abrida Hamun. It was the only radio station in Joar some 55
miles from Mogadishu. It is useless to where music and love songs for the people he said.
Said Haga Ahmed, radio Joar's director, he confirmed the station been closed but declined for the
comment because he values his life. The Islamic relevance have brought a semblance of order to
samadhi after years of anarchy but the US accused of the Islamic leaders of harboring al-Qaeda militants
responsible for deadly bombings of the US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania in 98. Through our resident Ali
Musi said closing the radio station was a violation of freedom. This directive has liked the Taliban
Musi totally associated press. It censorship against independent media and freedom of expression.
But when I held it out of restart. The hardline Islamic Taliban rulers of Afghanistan banned secular
music, art, tv and education for girls before they were overthrown by US invasion late 2001.
By the way they're still blowing up schools for girls in Afghanistan. I just mentioned that
although Dixieini told us yesterday what a fabulous job we've done in Afghanistan over we have not.
Samadhi had not had a police and of course his response to him rusted about 92% of the
world opium trade is coming from Afghanistan. I was oh well they've always had that that's always
been there you know. Well great. Oh man everything he said including hello was a lie you know
everything. I liked especially when Tim who just gave him those softballs that he's been duck hunting
again. Too bad he wasn't duck hunting with the judge that day. Samadhi has not had a police
force of judiciary for 16 years since the warlords over through long time dictator. Nohamid
C. Edbury in 91 and then turned on each other carving much of the country into armed camps
ruled by violence and clan law. What do I tell you man about all these sex all these tribes?
The tribe of Abraham the tribe of Abraham huh? Right all this crap all this kaka man.
Samadhi has a weak transitional government set up two years ago with you and backing but
has been unable to assert its authority beyond Beyoda whatever that is 150 miles north western
Mogadishu can only watch helplessly as Islamic militant sees the capital in June.
And maybe if they get lucky they can drag some other countries people through the streets like they
drag the American soldiers through the streets of Mogadishu remember that? Yeah after the barbarians
ran things like that we wouldn't want to leave it with the wrong impression. 1445 votes I think
we got it licked. Can you smell it? That smells something 1445 we got the mad dog coming up into the
power hour mad dog and the hunker together of 145 from the locker room from the showers at
P.P. Park then Hank Goldberg with a tough hour and a half assignment five to six thirty
filed about a Marlon game. What do you think can they do it? Marlon's and the matches is this
just a two game series? No it's three. Well where the house of game on Thursday? Oh I see Monday
two I'm on the wrong day I'm already see I'm on today and I'm thinking what's got to be Tuesday
right if it's Tuesday must be new and you tell me it's only Monday. Yeah. Oh my oh oh
suspicious package important in Long Beach California airport.
Yeah I've ever seen a suspicious package. Yeah as a matter of fact I bet you've kind of
leases go on. Yeah this is the biggest news news video Rochester sports radio 560
you're on 2 a.m. We don't have any national guards there because they're all fighting a war in
Iraq right now. That's the national guard. Pardon? That's the national guard. No national guard in Iraq?
No national guard. No.
no no
mhm..
mhm...
well
should I be the space between our eyes
make the dream
raise something
do something for everybody
very good
mhm....
make it in your original stages
mhm....
We are this sad and sad
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
I'm 20 at QAM, now did you read this? Nelly Conley just died, I'm sure you're talking about that in the length on Friday. Who? The widow of John Conley, the former governor of Texas, who was in the car in the same limo. Oh yeah, I saw that in the report on TV. I did not. John Conley and Nelly, Nelly is here. Nelly, Nelly. Anyway, a friend of Nick Lawrence and Manny, what Manny is that? Not your friend Manny. I only know three, but I probably it's the one year
that they could have. Oh no, Manny Mota? Yeah. Anyway, the fact is, you know, anything about John
Conley's wife at her death bed, she said Johnson and Nick's another plant Kennedy's assassination
and wanted to go on to Vietnam because they had stuck in Bellhull, helicopter, and JFK was against the war.
Well, I sure believe all of that. Anyway, the only thing I know about Nelly Conley is that she's
dead and she was in the limo and she also said that she didn't believe that the Oswald
anything to do with it, any audio, any audio. She was in the limo, but nevertheless.
You know, I had to like 43 years ago, a little bit less. And every year, on November 22nd,
we have another anniversary, just like we're having the fifth anniversary of 9-11 a day.
And the reason I get so disgusted with that is, well, what's the point? I mean, we're not
going to forget about it, you know? Nobody who lived through the Kennedy assassination or was alive,
old enough at Pearl Harbor or the World Trade Center, nobody who lived during their experience
as a daughter, young adult, is ever going to forget it anyway. So the idea that every year,
we have to like commemorate and have another ceremony. That would be fine if it accomplished
anything, but the problem is we keep doing the same things over and over again and keep
bushing the same innocent people. You know, once they're dead, once they should be enough.
Over and over and over. There is a real evil door, a virus cell, when an Alberto Vio 5 Gonzalez
they just had on it. Oh my god, they're going to put his ass on here. That is it is grace.
Alberto Vio 5 Gonzalez, you can smell him a million miles away, man.
Smell like fried beans, bad. And you know what happens when he too many, what?
You know what I'm saying? Too many beans. Don't play that trumpet now.
It's a trumpet. Both of them. You need to make beans. You start playing musical instruments.
You start getting on the old horn.
Frank Rich writes, whatever happened to the Mark of 912. Who do you like better? Frank Rich or Fat Rich?
Frank Rich is great. His column appears every Sunday in the New York Times, by the way, and on our website.
Frank Rich says the most famous picture nobody's ever seen is how the Associated Press photographer
Richard Drew has referred to as photo an unidentified World Trade Center victim,
purdling to his death in 9-11. In fact, the CDC got a special on that tonight, 10 o'clock.
It's called the Falling Man. And there was a reporter for the Toronto Globe and Mail who
was assigned the job of finding his identity. And he actually did, but nevertheless.
The picture appeared in some newspapers, including this one, The New York Times on 912,
but was soon shelved. In the most photographed and videotaped day in the history of the world,
Tom Jr., later wrote in S. Square, the images of people jumping were the only images that
became by consensus taboo. Five years later, Mr. Drew's Falling Man remains a horrific artifact
of the day that was supposed to change everything and did not. But there's another taboo 9-11 photo
about life rather than death that is equally shocking in its way, so much so that Thomas Hopecker
of Magnum Photos kept it under wraps for four years. Mr. Hopecker's picture can now be found in
David Friend's compelling new 9-11 book, Watching the World Change, or on the book's website,
watching theworldchange.com. It shows five young friends on the waterfront in Brooklyn taking what
seems to be a lunch or bike riding break enjoying the radiant late summer sun and chatting away as
cascades of smoking go floor Manhattan in the background. Mr. Hopecker found his subjects troubling.
They were totally relaxed like any normal afternoon until Mr. Friend. It's possible they lost
people in care, but they weren't stirred by it. The photographer would help the picture from
a publication because we didn't need to see that then. He feared to withstood the wrong emotions,
but over time with perspective he discovered a grown importance. Seen from the perspective of
9-11 Schiff University, Mr. Hopecker's photo was prescient as well as important to snapshot a
history soon to come. What he caught was this. Traumaticism, the attack on America was 9-11
will be seeded quickly for many. This is a country that likes to move on and fast. The young people
and Mr. Hopecker's photo aren't necessarily callous, they're just American. In the five years since
the attacks, the ability of Americans to dust themselves off and keep going explains both what's
gone right and what's gone wrong in our path that he divided and disperited state the country finds
itself in today. What's gone right, the terrorists failed to break America's back. The new normalized
it about 10 minutes except that they're poor check-ins. The economy for all the sips and
equities in one-way debt wasn't destroyed. The culture for better or worse survived intact.
It took only four days for television to restore commercials to grim news program.
Some two weeks after that Rudy Giuliani, ritualistically welcomed laughter back to American
living rooms by giving his on-camera imprimatur dessert in their life. The 4-9-11 Americans feasted
in on reality programs non-stop coverage of child abductions and sex scandals. Five years later,
they still do. The day that changed, everything didn't make Americans change the channel unless it
was from fear factor to American idol or from Pamela Anderson to Paris Hilton. For those directly
affected by the terrorist attack, this resilience can be hard to accept. In New York, far more than
elsewhere, political correctness about 9-11 is still strictly enforced. We bridle when the Mayor of
New Orleans calls it ground zero, calls ground zero whole in the ground, even though sadly he spoke
the truth, we can plan that Hollywood movies about 9-11 are too soon, even as United 93 World
Trade Center came and went with no controversy and multiplexes in Middle America. The Freedom Tower
and now-computed International Freedom Center generated so much political rancor that in New York,
freedom has become just another word for a lofty architectural project soon to be scrapped.
The pride, remember that song? Freedom is just another word for another lofty art.
That's right. The price of all New York's 9-11 PC is obvious. The 16 acres of ground zero are about
the only ones that have missed out on the city's roaring post-attack comeback. But the rest of the
countries less invested. For tourists and maybe for natives too, the whole of the ground is a more
pungent memorial than any grandiose official edifice. You can still see the naked wound where it
hasn't healed and sort of remember what the savage attack was about. But even as we celebrate
this resilience, the two comes at a price, the companion American trade to resilience is forgetfulness.
What we've forgotten too quickly is the outpouring of affection and unity this world against all odds
in a wake about kind as active mass murder. If you were in New York then you saw it in the streets
in Rochester ground zero where countless of thousands of good Samaritans joined the official
responders and caregivers to help at the cost of their own health. You saw it as the
acres of every kind gathered around the spontaneous shrines to the fallen and the missing at police
and fire stations at churches and in parks to lend solace to a hand. This good feeling quickly
spread to Capitol Hill to red states where New York once had been Sodom and Carnate.
And to the world, the third world included where America was a nearly uniform object of sympathy and grief.
Not no mold, baby. Not no mold. It hit us like poison. Yeah.
127 at 5.60 W.A.M. Who killed Cockrabble? We got, oh I can't believe it. Look at the number
of hosts on that pool. Can you believe it? I don't have to work again until the year 25-25.
