He's an a-hole. I don't judge like athletes by the people they are.
Well, how about you were just talking to the other day about what's his name there?
The big unit in New York. What about what a jackass he is. He's a jackass.
Well, I see. So he just got through Tommy. You like him? Randy Johnson?
Yeah. As a marker term. April 3rd, 2006. Josh Cornish finally admits he likes Randy Johnson.
This is Neil Rogers. You're Ferris. It's 5.62 a.m.
This is the Neil Rogers job. This is your brain. Any questions?
Who's the Scientologist that turned out to be a hypocrite?
Stop! You're dead man. Who is the dude that gets married when they put down some food?
Stop! Can you figure it? Who's the cat that's making fun of every other religion?
Stop! Not only. This is Chef his one brainwashed mother.
I'm talking about Chef. He's a two-faced low heart. But no one understands him but I'm hover.
Chef!
Yes, who are him? It's 11 o'clock anyway. I never gave him that big schedule.
I know a lot of you will keep track of these things. Especially across the street.
We got Kim Bo-Kamp or two to four to seven new ants in birthing. Good guy, dullard.
Mad Dog, whose numbers are down like almost invisible now because he's following two hours of dead air every day.
Mad Dog at Kunine's Clubhouse grill four to six thirty five and other tough two and a half hour show.
And then because we got lots of stuff tonight baby. Marlins opening day game. Any interest?
No. It's going to be simple lady man. This has very jackass.
Six thirty five it's the pregame show Marlins at Houston or play the Astros at the seven o'clock.
And that's not the Astro anymore because that's filled with illegal aliens. I mean whatever they are.
What do they call them? What the park?
No, what do they call the people that got left in the world evacuated?
That's who he is. Yes. No, they didn't call them that. They were calling them something else.
They should have been called evacuated. They were called.
I don't know. Refugee.
What is it? Comerica Park?
The minute made.
Minute made park. Yes. Oh, I wonder if the juice plays there.
Panther and then we got that game going on on QA.
But on the AM 1360 KAT, which is a signal I wouldn't wish on Hitler.
Panther preview at seven o'clock. Panthers have the lightning and Tampa Bay.
The biggest game of the season we got on KAT at 730.
Eddie Kay follows Marlins baseball on QA. You got that? Follow all that? No.
Somebody says Burnhardt Ray 51.
451 by Ray Bradbury.
I saw it and didn't see it. The movie was on for you. You should have watched it.
You know what? It's better than reading the book.
And what? Watching the movies better than reading the books because you both have a choice to have.
I mean, they make good points. It's 1984, but it's much to do about nothing really.
Sorry. Well, great. Bradbury. So probably as much to do about nothing.
Oh, geez. I said that. I just did.
But let's get that on there. Fair and Hide 451.
I mean, Fair and Hide 911. The movie pull. Maybe Fair and Hide 451 can read the book, please.
I think. Oh, it's out.
Let's see. Oh, no. All the stuff that's coming in.
This is why people don't read books. This other one.
The book that Tommy is a teenager to think for myself was atlas shrugged by AIN Rand.
Oh, I read one of her books. I never again.
I mean, AIN Rand. Oh, have you ever tried to read any of her craft?
I read one of her books. I wish I could have the time back.
Oh, my God. Talk about convoluted talk.
Self-hating woman. It's just the light. Suda one, the light.
I'm a self-hating woman. I like that.
I think Brian Harland did that right before a gypsy woman.
By the way, all your gypsies out there. If you'd step carrying them little babies in the act and like a gypsy,
maybe people wouldn't catch on so quick.
The book, as well as her philosophy in general, breaks down organized religion, politics, and even human nature for what they really are.
It says, very liberating for a cat-like boy like me, and those principles have guided me through the years.
Like I said, it was important for this person to read, atlas shrugged.
Unfortunately, her ideology has been hijacked by alpha conservatives, but anything of value is fair game to them.
By the neo-cons. They put the condon in the neo-con.
Or speaking of con jobs, guess what Tom Cruise says. Hey, Tommy.
You're fairie. What are you going to do about it? You're fairie.
Berlin, America and I, he spends a lot of time in Berlin.
Sort of eyes a matter of fact. I love Berlin.
I spent a lot of time in Berlin. Tom Cruise spends a lot of time in Berlin.
Starting to see that picture.
You guys like each other?
No. American actor Tom Cruise told Germany's leading tabloid in its Monday edition today that he wanted to tie them off this summer with fiance Katie Holmes.
After the birth of their baby in the upcoming release of his new film, Mission Impossible The Turd.
Cruise was in Germany to plug the film on the company's property, Vettendas.
I'll bet. TV show. Vettendas. He sat on the show Saturday that two pilots were at the ready to fly him home, should homes go into labor.
If Katie calls, I'm gone. Cruise said in Sissy he wanted to be present at the birth of their first child.
Wonder who the daddy is?
Cruise confirmed to build that he and Holmes planned to marry in the coming months.
First the baby then the film he was quoted as saying, then in summer we want to get married, I won't let this woman get away.
That's what the Scientologist probably told him. Same with like Lisa Marie Pressley.
Cruise is both starring in and co-producing the third installment of the Fish and Impossible series filled in China, Italy due to the release on May 5th.
Aren't you excited about it, Markton, your calendar?
Next month, baby only a month away from Fish and Impossible. I'll be sure to miss that.
He makes me gag.
Oops. Here's another one for your poll. I see the 9-11 Commission report omissions and distortions by David Ray Griffin.
Oh, do you want to put all that on there?
No, I don't really. Actually, I didn't want to put it on there, but he keeps faxing, so I thought it has it a lot.
Who this coder guy? I think this is iodine. Whatever, they keep faxing.
Who did we figure out that iodine was?
We figured that out, didn't we? I think we did.
He used to be a maceracrum.
I don't know. Put that on there or not. You leave that up to you. Leave it up to be how lazy a judge wants to be.
Oh, I know how lazy a judge wants to be.
I'm thinking what he's thinking probably is because nobody's reading those stories anymore.
Just me sending my check once a while and nobody will be the story.
Yeah, that'd be great.
You are such a puss.
Lazy.
Nobody's reading them anymore.
Today, actually, we got 147 of these.
I'll spike them up.
The word porn is in that one story.
Anything that's got porn or Schmidt or F, those get tremendous amount of reads.
Anything else? Forget about it.
Now, let me take a look back and see.
We used to get like, regularly, four, five hundred minimum.
Maybe I'll get some titles up a little bit with, uh, yeah, just put the F word in everyone.
Yeah, the F and Bush administration.
Look at that Friday. Very weak.
The jet may be 10 times faster than other planes.
I mean, I read that story. It was okay, but 279.
There was the top.
And that's because it's pace off, and the Jewish are aren't reading this stuff. It's against the religion.
402 votes on the poll today. We're not going to make like even 500.
Talking about books, but it's like, listen, it beats heaven, Mike, uh, keen on.
Oh, speaking of the bad news from Iraq, and just a little bit over the weekend, just some minor things.
In surgeons blew up a small Shiite mosque northeast of Baghdad yesterday,
while police reported the discovered nearly 40 bodies in several neighborhoods of the Iraqi capital.
The US military reported the death of three American soldiers, and a US helicopter crashed seven days south west of Baghdad.
Two more US soldiers died there.
See, just two here, three over there. It's just a number.
The violence came as Secretary of State Condor Leisure and British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw,
made a surprise visit to press the record, and called to his and to speed up the formation of a government already.
Will you please, will you please speed it up?
Because it's starting to make us look really bad.
In Bakuba, 35 miles northeast of Baghdad, unidentified gun and planted explosives run the small,
Gubashi had mosque and blew that up.
No casualties reported there. Three store something music CDs were also bombed in a bomba, the Kenya.
I don't like them CDs, I guess. All I Western style music in all those CD Crews records, they would sure piss me off.
Here is the worst news I have ever read in my life by far.
The worst. Okay, you know what I saved it for the second hour?
Okay. Wait. Somebody is making smells like rotten meat or something to me.
I am farting a lot today. I am farting a lot today.
Oh, that's what it is. Good. God. Talk about a backup.
And it does smell like rotten meat and all the images.
Now, you make in meat sauce for that pasta?
I have it all kinds of ways, but we have regular spaghetti, but I like just pasta with butter.
Oh, spaghetti with butter.
No, that butter, man. That cholesterol is going to kill you.
That's why your hair is gray.
Yeah, that's it. That's why.
This is the worst story. You know, people with CBS and the wonder we see tears pouring from the CBS eye all the time.
It wasn't bad enough. You shafted Dan Radler. That wasn't bad enough.
And then Mike Wallace is going to hang it up. Now he turned 110.
That's yours. I smell rotten meat.
Oh, God. Maybe that's meat.
A better lot of candle. Holy cow.
Katie Curric's deal to move to... Katie Curric. I mean, I got news for you.
Now, that didn't Hank once work with her or something. I got to ask about that.
I don't know. I think he once worked on her.
Nine doubted.
Katie Curric's deal to move to CBS News is completed in principle.
And announcement that she's leaving NBC might come as early as this week. This is from TV Week.
That's the quiet buzz among sources familiar with assorted moving parts connected.
Moving parts, maybe like her...
Correct them.
...ass. Connected to the deal and transformed is correct from Coenker of the number one morning show today,
which is a horrible show to anchor of the third-place but growing CBS evening news.
Third-place but growing?
That's like across the street, yeah.
In a 25th-place but growing.
To like time for 23rd.
And taking on the CBS job, Ms. Curric would be the first thing we have a service to anchor of a network flagship newscast.
Oh, God.
Look at that. Do you see the pools there in California?
No.
I can't wait 1% shorts, Nager.
Then another pool he showed like 39%.
He's going to get his ass beat bad.
And none too soon, by the way. More on.
The first announcement should be that Ms. Curric is leaving the Peacock network and the viewers have spent their mornings with Ms. Curric for 15 years.
I feel real bad for those people.
The official announcement of CBS's Dream Come True landing Ms. Curric as its evening star would follow for action next week.
Ms. Curric's personal pubicist Matthew Hilsick of Freud Communications, the client of comments at TV Week last week, as it representatives of NBC and CBS News.
Ms. Curric's $65 million contract under which NBC paid her more than 15 million a year isn't up until the end of May.
15 million a year for that bubble-headed bitch.
She's almost as bad as Solidae and she's like maybe a half a step above Solidae.
And hopefully she'll fall off.
I would watch Fuddy Daddy Bob Sheeper and I would watch him if he paid me by the second on CBS.
Oki Doki.
Because Ms. Curric is the biggest star and collects the biggest paycheck in TV news, there have been months of frenzied speculation and false rumors about every angle, including whether her ambition to sleep later become the first female anchor to solo as the top network anchor was stronger than long friendship with Jeff Zucker.
The former today executive producer is now the president of NBC Universal TV Group.
A source close to Ms. Curric said last week, nothing is planned as of now. However, both NBC and CBS need Ms. Curric to seem to be not sooner rather than later.
Rather than later. See how they slip that in there? That's cute.
Each network needs to make plans for long-term futures of its respective news programs and for the mid-May upfront extravaganza's in which news stars and programs for the 2006-07 season are touted to kick off the preseason sales of the bulk of ad time.
That's what it's all about is ad time. Not as somebody credible, we're going to come on CBS and do the news.
It is how many ads can they sell? How much revenue can they squeeze out of their attorney?
NBC arguably has more statements than CBS in this situation. NBC can't afford to rob viewers by making the wrong choice and success to Ms. Curric on the cushy couch next to the anxious Matt Lauer.
Ms. Curric's polished co-anchor for the last nine years plus neither does it want to lose any of the in-house content especially the well-regarded weekend today, co-anchor Campbell Brown, who my feel-our-career hopes have been thwarted.
Campbell Brown, my ass. You ever see her? She's nothing. She is nothing. She looks like a washerwoman.
Let's how I feel about most of these people. They're nothing.
Yeah. Absolutely nothing. Ryan's here, Brian Gumball.
I'll come by the way. I shall come Brian Gumball didn't get into a big jackpot when the Olympics were going on in Torino in Turin and he opens up a mouth about he wouldn't waste his time watching because the best athletes, the black athletes aren't there participating.
I know there were like a lot of black hockey players or like black skaters and there were by the way what's his name was there Jerome and Ginla. He's pretty black of yes me.
Well, maybe who's a little confused? He thought it was a summer Olympics. Is that what it is? Who knows.
Can you imagine there's some white news kind of news or sportsy guy would have said, oh the summer Olympics I'm not going to watch it because there's no white guys in there.
Well, I didn't even hear about that until you said, yeah, that's right. What do you mean you didn't hear about it? We had it on our website. You just promptly missed it.
I definitely missed it. Well, you get so many stories. You know, especially when Georgia's on, since you're like a hundred stories. That's right.
Yeah, yeah. I didn't send you too many yesterday because I wasn't in the mood to do it. Good. I said about 30.
I said about 14 15 yesterday. That's right. That's right. Nobody in the many way. You people aren't there aren't reading the stories.
We may have to chop those off just like we had to do with that beating curtain bitch for all the reason.
Don't cut. Don't cut.
CBS may have the less complicated person L-tans. Bob Sheeper was sent to the evening news anchor.
That's 13 months ago when Dan rather stepped down as a casualty of that flawed story about present abortions.
No, there was nothing wrong with the story. Mr. Sheeper knew the evening news assignment was temporary.
Mr. Sheeper is publicly supportive of the quest by CBS Corporation CEO Leslie Moonbez and CBS News and Sports President Sean McManus, Amos, to whom it's heard to CBS News.
To be sure, money rise on CBS's gamble, Ms. Couricann successfully make the leap from TV's best friend to TV's navigator, waging news stories.
But evening news is not CBS news. Cash cow that distinction has long been held by 60 minutes.
On the other hand, today is NBC's Cash Cow and the goose that lays gold in eggs for three hours every week,
they morning bringing more than 550 freaking million dollars in advertising money every day.
The freaking today show 550 million because a lot of fat housewives watch it, I guess.
Do you think any men watch it today? Show I sure hope not.
Sorry.
Would you watch it?
I don't want any of those.
I want to show I should be watching because the answer absolutely no chance.
Coffee's willing to do.
Oh my God, who could watch such garbage, such cuckoo.
Now watch the pond, huh?
When Dave Garaway and the chimp were on air, sure, so be with they got on now.
That a chip.
And Frank, what was in Jackaless school?
And Frank, what's his name with the news?
What the hell was it? And Frank Blair?
What if he was kind of Tony Blair? He's dead.
They're all dead. Jackaless school is dead. They have Garaway's dead.
I bet you the chimp is dead too. How do you like that?
All the cast of the old today show, they're all dead.
I got a great story, by the way, as a matter of fact, that says we're all going to die.
A university at Texas professor says, I'm just going to tease it.
Says, Earth would be better off with 90% of the human population dead.
And the good news is I'm going to pick the 10% of them stay alive.
That's good news for me.
Not good news for you guys.
Just going to keep enough of them around to procreate a little bit.
1115 at 560 WQM.
And I see that sound like an anti-women's air was.
Here's a silly question. We tried to teach in Ponce at John the Baker's.
Well, hopefully you certainly have. John the Baker is the best decided restaurant
this side of the university drive. And now with two great locations,
Brad knew in the Sterling Town Center on Sterling Road just west of Pine Island Cooper City.
And the classic John the Baker in Pember Pines, just west of Helminga in the Home Depot Center on Pines Boulevard.
In fact, it's so classic when you go in there as for Coca-Cola Classic.
And the food is absolutely great. Huge forces of all your favorite home style Italian delights.
Plus with John the Baker's low low prices, you can take the whole family for lunch and dinner and stay well within your budget.
You can go every day, you can go eight days a week.
And be sure to tell me that Neil Rogers sent you pleased because Duff has had a mental horny about this.
Please say Neil sent me, say Duff sent me, and okay, the probably kick your ass out.
Manchin Neil Rogers get a free half dozen of John the Baker's world famous garlic rolls that are so fantastic, so huge.
So gigantic and just dripping with garlic. You probably like to have garlic all over your pants.
Take out a dinin' tonight for take out in Pember Pines called 9.5.4.4.3.143.15.
Or in Cooper City 9.5.4.25.20091.
Sensational pizza, pasta, veal, chicken parmesan, sausage and peppers.
That's a famous sloppy sausage sub in lots more.
John the Baker, absolutely the best.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62.8.
This is Dan Rabbit, former CBS eating news anchor man.
And now a punchline.
My former networks inability to find a suitable replacement for me demonstrates my true genius and complete and total domination as an amy air talking head.
But let her speak about some of the names who have been mentioned to replace me.
First Bob Sheeper, nice enough man, but please, he's got less hair than Madonna's armpits.
And everyone knows you can't conduct a train if you use Rogan.
Another name that has been banning about is John Roberts, who currently anchors the Sunday CBS evening news.
There's a reason he's been on Sundays for so long. Plus he's Canadian.
And everyone knows when the camera light goes red, it can't be a hose head.
Then there's Scott Pelley from 60 Minutes.
He was the guy who helped me make up the story about President Bush.
I think. Plus he's skinnier than Kelly Rippler.
And everyone knows you have to have a meaty can if you want to be the man.
And let's go from the ridiculous to the sublime.
The front runner just excieved me. Seems to be current today show co-anchor Katie Kirk.
When I first heard her name in the same sentence as mine, I threw up in my mouth a little bit.
This person thinks real news is announcing the individual weight of each of J.Lo's butt cheeks.
Plus her head's too small, her eyes are too close together, and she reeks of gene to day.
When charged with the awesome task of replacing an icon, it's important to remember.
You can't. You can only hope to find someone who was involved. Canadian, skinny, or so completely self-centered.
She thinks her name should be part of the Pledge of Allegiance.
For now, this is Dan Rather signing off and reminding you, a whistle is to blow, a gong is to bang.
And Katie Kirk has about as much to offer the world as a fraud with pins in its extremities laying on a high school lab table.
This is Dan Rather.
Well said, Danny Boy, 22 past 11 and 5, 60. Katie Kirk, my ass.
I hope they do put her on air. Hope she gets like a minus in front of whatever number she gets.
But that would be great.
I mean, you have to be a rocket scientist to see it. It's like our situation here.
You have to be a genius to figure out that if you don't put somebody on between two to four that people want to listen to and put them on like every snake in day,
then we're going to have like minus numbers in there. You have to be a genius to figure that out.
No, no, you don't.
Joe, you know who this is going to be. WQA and Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, can I have one to you, Paul?
Yes, go right ahead.
Go ask Alice. You ever hear that in that book?
I've heard of Alice Rantell.
No, it's about this teenage girl. She's like in the city underworld, the drug world, the 70s.
Why is Alice? That sounds like a record that we want to somebody to love by the what you call it.
Yeah, you got it.
Yes, you got it.
And also we need to get rid of Bush and his beer cons.
Okay.
We start to like be all cons.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
We're going to be all cons of a hank to do some NFL draft predicting.
It's only a couple of weeks away. The NFL draft that's going to save us and put us over the top of the conversation.
No, no, no.
Oh, yeah.
For sure it is.
The B.O. cons are like that.
WDQ, William. Hello.
Hey, William.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I heard you talking about the movie and Justice Brawler earlier.
Right.
Great movie.
Yes, it is.
There's so many people I know that have never seen that.
And that should be like a must-be for everybody.
That's seen where he's screaming about your honor, the whole FN systems out of order.
That is so great.
That made me want to continue his best of the acting roles.
A little tip bit about that scene actually.
He did that all on one take.
Really?
Yeah, first take.
You actually Googled a movie I think and actually even said that.
That's like one of the notable about the film.
My favorite thing is when he looks right there at the judge.
John Forsyth and says,
I don't care who you are, you're fairies.
That's one of the best.
Right out.
Thanks, Palli.
All right.
And Justice Brawler came in last.
I mean, people that believe in the jury system and the whole system we got now, it sucks.
It's corrupt.
It doesn't work.
Oh no, you're wrong, Neil.
Yeah, like the OJ trial.
That worked really well.
That's just one example.
And the guy's given a plaque power salute to Jura at the end of the trial.
That really, you know, not that we play the race card, you understand.
What a crocker crap, man.
Hey, OJ, we sure we're something like, you know, he's always having these things in the car.
You know, he's having these little fender benders and, you know, always out there driving around with it.
His window is down in the shade zone, you know.
He just got that luck.
Yeah, he just got that luck.
He was born under a dark cloud.
He asked me.
And sure like those hot blonde white chicks a lot, I'll tell you that.
Who does it?
Yeah, see that?
That's the irony of this whole thing about the race card.
He's got any blacker than I am for Christ's sakes.
This Christom magazine made him so black.
Speaking of racism and bigots and idiots, wait a minute.
You know that jackass Michael Savage, who by the way wasn't related to Bob Savage,
my late dear friend from Macolder.
And it's cherry cat circling the field on the outside and they along the rail.
How do you circle the field along the rail?
But anyway, he was fun guy.
But not related to Michael Savage, who's a real major A.S.
Space hole.
Spass hole.
During the March 27th edition of his nationally syndicated radio program,
Michael Savage, you know, there was another one at MSNBC tried.
He was on the phone like about five minutes until he said the first racially
grotesque thing, whatever they can't disaster.
Some Nazi crap.
During his March 27th edition of his nationally syndicated radio show,
Michael Savage repeatedly called on his listeners to burn the Mexican flag
in opposition to illegal immigrants.
Savage claimed that the only way to combat the onslaught of illegal immigrants
is through protest and an asses audience to burn a Mexican flag for America,
burn a Mexican flag for those who died that you should have a nationality and a sovereignty,
go out on the street and show you a man, burn 10 Mexican flags if I could recommend it.
He said, put one in the window upside down, tell them to go back where they came from.
Oh, just to make you happy by the way, tomorrow's poll about immigration.
I put only lead in Cubans and only deport Cubans.
Okay.
Well, most people have to have an outlet somewhere, you know, the hate crowd,
just like the anti-Samantics.
Put one in the window upside down, tell them to go back where they came from,
savaget, and if I were more than one man and I'm not a monier radio host,
and I use that term loosely, I would organize a march this week where we would burn Mexican flags in the street.
Then I'd like to see our hardworking brethren would react, our friends from this south.
Let's see how they would react.
What a race baiting no good mother scratching bigoted to the core piece of turd.
Savage also referred to the immigration promise and invasion by any other name,
in which we the people are being displaced by the people of Mexico.
Savage's remarks in response to the recent massive rallies held in California,
during which demonstrators, Marx and opposition to a proposed legislation
that would impose new immigration restrictions as media matters for America has documented,
that's this website.
Savage recently referred to the Iraq war as the white man's burden,
and referred to the award-winning movie Brokeback Mountain as Bearback Mountain.
Oh, that's original.
Copycat.
From the March 27th broadcast of radio savage nation,
unless we say no to illegal aliens waving the Mexican flag in the street by burning the Mexican flag in the street across America,
that's right, burn the Mexican flag on your street corner, show what you care about,
show you won't take it anymore, show you're sick of everybody pushing us around like we're a pitiful,
helpless giant of a nation that's out of control because we have nothing but corruption and rot at the highest level.
Do that.
Burn the Mexican flag for America.
Burn the Mexican flag for those who die that you should have an actionality in a sovereignty.
Go out on the street and show you're a man.
Burn Texan, and it goes on.
Ask yourself by the racist Resina Forbes of La Raza will not speak English in this country.
You'll find out what racism in xenophobia is about my friend.
This is Michael Savage, by the way, saying all of this crap.
He says, if you study the history of human evolution and I realize this is quite a jump,
you'll see that throughout history there were various species that arrived on the planet Earth,
Prada Homo sapiens, current man, modern man, and as one group came along,
they've displaced the previous group.
We, the people, are being displaced by the people of Mexico.
This is an invasion by any other name.
Everybody with a brain understands that.
Everybody who understands the way out they understand, is being pushed out of their own country.
Like I push him over the edge of a cliff.
Wait a minute now.
Is he saying that he is an evolutionist who believes in evolution?
29% of all inmates in federal prisons are illegal aliens.
He says, no, Mr. Bush, they don't all come here to work.
They don't all come here to work.
They come here to work the system, sell drugs, rape, and kill them contact.
Don't lie to us.
Yadi, yadi, yadi.
How about if we burn Michael Savage out on the street?
I'll join up for that.
Neal Roger.
This, coming at Mexicans, was pretty good to name.
I'm in Madden, hell!
I don't think I make this anymore.
Do you want to be all that you can be?
No?
Good.
Then you have the medal to become a soldier in the new Iraqi Army.
All right, ladies.
Today we will learn the military heart of fluid mobilization and individual technical evasion.
Also known as, what is your plan and running away?
Join now and begin nine weeks of basic training in Sandalcan, where you'll learn the skills you'll need to be a Iraqi soldier.
All right, soldier.
Sound off!
I shouldn't have...
I can't tell you!
I shouldn't have...
Sergeant!
In the new Iraqi Army, we surrender more before 9 a.m. than most countries do all day.
Isn't it time you became one of the few, so proud, the ill equipped.
This is my white flag.
There are many like it, but there is one is mine.
My white flag is my best friend.
Without me, my white flag is useless.
Without my white flag, I am useless.
The new Iraqi Army, we're looking for a few good men.
But we'll take whoever happens to come along and sign up.
How about a few more of our white flag?
26-year-old new in the queue and we have both Kimba-Bokan for coming along with two.
And George wants to know where he can get that.
Not the book, but whatever Grace was smoking.
That's right, white rabbits.
And is Grace slick?
She is still alive, by the way.
Yes, she is.
What was the name of the... after the Japanese airplane?
The Japanese Starship.
And I think another one.
Starship.
Just playing Starship.
Right.
And then there's death.
Somebody fasted this in and it was so good that I looked it up and I put it on our website for tomorrow.
One of those 400 stories that George is going to be putting on that you won't read.
That you people won't read.
Even though he's working feverishly.
All those hours that he's busy putting these stories on here, he could be getting some ass.
But instead of eating over a hot laptop.
Right.
That's right.
He could be working over a hot laptop.
But instead he's working over a hot laptop because of this.
Or doing some hot laptop.
Yeah.
Look at that.
Look what's number one so far.
Battle bruises pour and moves into the mainstream.
171 more than double.
Almost double the next story.
Because the word pour is in it.
I'm telling you that.
Just put the effort in the air.
Well that's what this story is about.
The SH word.
That's sad.
Yeah, it's pathetic.
The big chill of the sense of this is on the Guardian website by Jeff Jarvis.
The US Federal Communications Commission just declared that Schmidt and all his variants including Bullshmit are not merely indecent.
Which is where it was lost after the springboard walked at 700 E words out of comic George Carlin's mouth in 1978.
But are now profane if broadcast.
This is a profound distinction.
Legally a profane word is certain of those personally revealing epithets naturally tend to provoke violent resentment.
Or denoting language so grossly offensive to members of the public who actually hear it as to amount away nuisance.
Nusons in this case is not a dog barking, but the word the community cannot tolerate.
The FCC reserved that distinction for the most offensive words in the English language.
The devil's dictionary has but two entries.
F, condemned in 2004 after Bono was your full utterance of the adjective of form with the golden globes and now Schmidt.
Notice what is not included.
No racial or religious epithet.
No hate speech.
Thus the S word and the F word are worse than the N word and the K word.
Even the FCC recognizes the uncomfortable and unPC irony that these epithets may constitute constitutionally protected political speech where Bolshemit does not.
But Bolshemit is political speech.
It's our single most precious means of expressing this pleasantly political and the powerful.
Without the word we're left with far less satisfactory means of protest.
Don't feed me the mother's bromide about swear words indicating a limited vocabulary.
Bolshemit is the most expressive word we have to convey disapproval.
In his delightful treatise, all on Bolshemit, Harry G. Frankfurt compares its equivalent it is more polite as well as less intense to say a humbug than to say Bolshemit.
So now imagine a protestor in a televised rally railing.
This word is humbug.
Doesn't cut it.
If instead she said, Bush's word is Bolshemit and if that were broadcast, every station carrying it on the speaker herself could be find per utterance per station.
If, very mischievous, sensitive herself, that's evidence of the chill the FCC's imposed on political speech, not even to mention Joyce.
And if because of that chill the station decided to time delay the news, a journalistically repugnant but pragmatic necessity after Janet Jackson infamous in discretion, it could dump her words, Bush's word is bleep.
But unquestionably that he tracks in the power of her statement and that's done only because the FCC threatened spines presentably for use of the word.
When he ran for president in 1992, Senator Tom Harkin of Iowa quoted on TV news and saying,
George Bush and his fat cat Republican friends said they're building a conservative opportunity society.
I've got one word for reply, Bolshemit.
That is certainly political speech but today would be he would be censored or fined.
Thus the FCC chills, censors and penalizes political speech.
Then I believe is a clear violation of our first amendment which decrees Congress shall make no law bridging the freedom of speech or the press or the right of the people peacefully to assemble into the position of the government for redress aggravences.
Perhaps we have the basis for overturning the Commission's dubious authority to censor, gotcha FCC.
Consider the experience of national public radio on the media show last week when it tried to report on the FCC and its Bolshemit.
I listen to the show's podcast which doesn't solve the hour regularly in the airwaves merely my iPod and so I heard co-host Bob Garfield say at FCC Commissioner Jonathan Adelstein,
I want to talk to you about the word Bolshemit.
This is commonly used to convey skepticism but the Commission found it to be explicitly extratory and therefore when decent whereas Dhead is an insult is okay.
The right come from the Bolshemit is pretty much kid stuff and Dhead is pretty darn insulting.
So in other words we could actually say that one but not a court of the FCC we could say the Dhead word but Joyce would really get joist.
We could get hit on Dhead.
Yeah.
I see.
Alright.
The Commission asked whether they would edit that out. Garfield replied it depends. Are you undoody?
But whatever they did.
Listen to the broadcast who were bullied and Garfield told me this was done on a fear of fines for the show's outlets.
Stacey executive Dean Capello, I'm sure is not related to Dan Capello.
And I think there's an absolute chill in the air so here we have a case to demonstrate that chill.
Well, got you again FCC.
Capello said the chillest felt most keenly in cultural programming and documentaries where expression is at the core indeed.
The FCC just penalized Martin Scorsese public TV documentary, The Blues, Godfather's and Son's Words Subjects Language.
If the Commission earlier made exceptions for Steven Spielberg film, Saving Private Ryan and Shinverse List.
So when black musicians say bad words it's a crime but when white people in war say them it's art.
In this the FCC not only enforces a cultural apartheid but also props itself up as both America's Nanny and its official cultural critic.
They decide what has social and artistic value and what does not. This love couldn't get any slipper. Got you again FCC.
Pulling back from the politically absurdly culturally sublime. It's also ridiculous for the FCC to claim it's protecting community standards when it's also all America cannot tolerate bullshit.
Show me the man woman or yes child in a school yard who hasn't said bullshit. Search Google and you'll find 30 million bullshit.
Bullshmit is part of our language culture and politics so the FCC is not enforcing our community standards.
It's enforcing the fetish of religious pressure groups, factor one more time.
At a recent business conference I heard CEOs tell FCC Chairman Kevin Martin to pay attention to the urgent businesses preparing our telecommunications infrastructure for disaster or attack and to get America to broadband parity with Korean even France.
Instead I told him he was wasting his time finding farts and bullshit.
Even Commissioner Adelstein announced that the FCC over steps in these cases and the court knocks us down.
It would actually take a constitutional amendment and meaning the first amendment to get the FCC authority back he said. That sounds like an opportunity.
Newsmakers want to call Bullshmit and the journalists who ought to call Bullshmit and the broadcasters who think that stopping them out of fear is Bullshmit should take on the FCC in the arcane and unconstitutional law that makes them think they should save us from a simple word.
Indeed at this time to stand up in defense of Bullshmit. All right, how are bill will be proud?
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516 QAS.
What the pamphors are ready? When the hell was the base policies of me get anywhere?
I don't know what you're doing.
I don't know what they're saying about it.
Are you no lobbyist in place for Mr. Abramoff?
Yeah, that's right. How about a date?
For my stater of stage screen radio. What do you know?
Two-part chief I test through C1R.
It's about a stupid time. I ain't getting any older over here.
I don't look in my door for you.
I see you're not there. Mr. Abramoff is an incarnation move.
I'm taking his place.
I'll have you know that I'm here to collect the big.
The big? That's right. The famous rift.
What favor are you getting to with me?
Can I gel up at the club?
I put it all in his briefcase right here.
We are a cucumber, king.
And we get a ginkgo out of you, king.
No way. It might have been a way.
Let me ask you something over here.
Who's the most?
Will you never get in the air?
Do we Smith or Edward Edward Wooden?
Yeah, my good kid.
I'll see you here.
It's 1.45 at 5.60 WQM.
We got Kim Bocamp or a two mad dog from Kona and Slamasville at 4.
And then you heard it.
Marlon's opening night, the regular season game.
And then the Panther game in Tampa is on 1360.
Because we just don't care.
How do you like that?
We don't care.
5.6705.
Let's take a Fourier of call here.
What do you say?
Let's go there.
Call intensive segment going.
Do it.
Yeah. Well.
5.6705.
60.
You wait till at the late case, mister.
I'll wait.
And pound 5.60 in the Verizon and sing it a royal sign.
And so will I.
WQM. Hello.
QAM.
You're a good Georgia.
Look.
The L. Can't play.
I bet you were a nice pony by the ad there.
I would tell you to go, girl, with razor blades.
But sound like you beat me to it.
Schmuck.
Look at those phones just some mokin, baby.
I told you we got pace off coming.
Every single year, man, this year, how many years have I told you that?
3rd, man.
It's like a death now.
Where do they go?
They all buy a monster or something?
What is that all about?
Maybe that's it.
Plus we only have like five Jews listening anyway.
I think it's that time-changing, man.
They don't know the shows on yet.
Get out of here.
I like the time, too.
I like the time.
You like it.
We should have it all year long, though.
OK.
All year long.
It's the changing I don't like.
Exactly.
Make up your mind, Zarwe.
Please.
Make up your mind.
Is it daylight time?
Who did that?
You can have daylight time.
Midnight, that's right.
Just leave it.
Yes.
Who the farmer is?
OK, the hell with the farmers.
How about farmers, fanny, farmer, chockers?
Well, we left off Dennis Rodner off the athletes that we despised like poison.
Yeah.
People confronted me about that.
Did they really?
How could you leave off the athletes?
I saw some clip with him over the weekend.
I talked to myself.
How could we leave off that freak that people decide out of mind?
Crap.
WCWAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Channel 7 news in the morning with a looper term, not coffee.
It's the latest Thursday day.
OK.
WCWAM, hello.
Hey, hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
That was great.
It was great.
I loved that.
That would have been the best time of all time, but for a boy.
Is that good?
That was sensational.
Thanks again, Pally.
Did a clean cut of that.
We had a dump that was good.
It was the best.
How many QIMA fell off?
Hello.
Can I stick it now?
Speaking.
Neil.
Yes.
I want to ask you something.
I have a question and I'm sure everybody is interested.
Who makes up your comedy skits?
Well, let me make up our comedy.
What does that mean?
I'm fine.
What does that mean?
Rumpel Stiltskin.
Yeah, Rumpel Stiltskin with a banjo on his knee.
Get out of here.
5670560.
Pick up where we left off on Friday with everybody with a question.
This isn't 20 questions.
OK.
We're in for you to have something to say.
We're waiting.
100 years I've been waiting, waiting for that day.
Maybe Monday, April 3rd, 2006 is the day, you think?
No.
Doubted, very stressly.
Doubted.
WQA, I'm 20 questions.
Hello.
You need to go to Canada.
WQA, QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I saw a great movie this week and I don't know if it's right for your polar enough.
It's worth checking out.
What are the books?
What's that?
The book is what book should be compulsory viewing.
Oh, it's a book.
The movie book is last week.
Sorry about that.
What is it?
It's called What's a Bleak Three Know?
You got to check it out.
OK.
All right.
Thanks.
What the f*** do we know?
Somebody was telling me.
No, I should.
I'm told I should.
And what about that American?
What's that?
No one American?
Pie?
No, not him.
The one that's out right now.
That you told me was mediocre at best.
American History X?
No.
Isn't that it?
Peter Vendetta?
No, not Peter Vendetta.
American History X?
That's out right now.
Somebody told us it was mediocre at best.
Maybe it was a fax.
Maybe it was a call.
Oh, the History X is old and you saw it and liked it.
That wasn't the one.
There's some American that's something out right now.
And that's not it.
American Ninja?
American Ninja, yeah.
Turtle.
WQA M. Hello.
Turtle's on the candy pool.
Yes, sir.
Come on in, it's you.
WQA M.
Come down, drill.
We saw the numbers too.
QA M.
Are you doing?
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Good.
Hey, I've listened to that.
I called last week, but you didn't understand what I was saying.
I was saying that I like carter racetrack because there's not that many ages over there.
You're okay, great.
QA M. Hello.
This is the new roll.
Yes.
No, wrong number.
QA M. Hello.
Yeah, Palm Beach on a mobile.
Palm Beach on a mobile sounds like Reverend Jones to me.
5.670, if it's not, it sounds too much like him.
Palm Beach on a mobile?
It was.
Of course it was.
Tom and Tallahassee factions says, for anyone like Fox and O'Reilly who wind about the US
press and how they don't properly low-key the Bushmeister, they should listen to the BBC.
The interviewer for the World of War on Saturday interrupted Condoleez and Jack Straw every
time, often in mid-sentence, and repeated the questions until he had the right answer
or left their B.S. to speak for itself, their Bolshevik.
Freedom of the press lives, but that's only on the BBC.
For the pool, the powers that be by David Halberstam.
Not your Dave Halberstam, but there, the author.
Okay.
The powers that be.
And also, after this lesson, you're Robert Kennedy this time.
Does that won't get any votes being moved on there?
Okay.
Tom and Tallahassee, thanks Tom.
And look at where it's from.
Time evidently works in a bookstore.
You see that on the top on the header?
Can we say header rather than the center?
No, we can't say the head part.
Scott Rocking Energy Prices propelled Exxon mobile corporate at the top of the 2006 Fortune
500 list and consigned Wal-Mart stores, Inc. to the number two spot of the magazine's annual
ranking of the nation's largest publicly traded companies.
Fortune compiled its list based on companies 2005 revenues.
And this course coming at a time when they tell you you're going to be paying $3.20
for regular this summer, and for our money to probably how many dollars a gallon?
Not 30, Mexican.
Exxon mobile ranked in 340 billion in revenue at 36.1 billion in profits, the most by
any U.S. company in history.
Oh yeah, that's your justify those gas prices.
Thank you again, Mr. President, so much.
Look at find that kid that called back back in the day when we marched him with 2003 and just
kill him right on the ear.
Just surgically remove every piece of his, every organ from his body right on the ear.
I don't want to tell you starting where I have to see him first.
Exxon mobile last appeared at number one in 2001, only Wal-Mart, Exxon mobile and
General Motors Corp have topped the list and it started in 1954.
How do you like that?
Uh-huh.
GM is struggling.
They're struggling.
It's really hard on number two.
We're afforded some to fifth.
Wal-Mart had, this will make you vomit.
Did you have your lunch yet?
Yeah, unfortunately.
Would you have how is?
How is that?
Chicken and Swiss.
Chicken and Swiss one.
Sandwich?
Oh.
Sandwich, it sounds like bread.
Sounds like a big roll.
Sounds like a big carbohydrate laden roll to me.
It went for dreamfields to come up with, uh, you know, bread, bread.
They will.
Wal-Mart had 315 plus bid in the revenue and I had a half percent increase from last year
because of its pervasive US presence.
The world's largest retailer has struggled to sustain profit growth in the high teens as it had in previous years.
Oh, poor baby.
Better get over to Wal-Mart and give a bunch of your money.
Just take a bag of money over there and put it on the doorstep.
Just open the door and throw it inside.
Say here you go.
Other oil producers also rose into rankings, boosted by crude prices.
They were crude all right.
That topped 70 bucks of barrel.
All them schmoth heads over there are good friends of the Saudis and all that Iraq were getting from that long.
Cute.
I ran Iraq not.
Prices that surpassed three bucks a gallon after hurricanes vetted the Gulf Coast.
Both Chevron, Texaco, Corp and Conaco, Phillips, are the revenues jump and increasing by 20 and 37 percent respectively.
Chevron climbed two spots on the hit paraded number four while Conaco has stepped to number six from number seven lies to.
The oil companies record profits while you're getting raked into that the pump.
You're pumping it and getting raked at the same time.
How do you like that?
Very jackass, right?
I mentioned this with Hank, but it's just so.
It's so typical of South Florida.
It's so typical of the hero.
This is the kind of swell as opposed to having an opinion as opposed to saying rich wall really sucks.
Or Dave Ann Boring is, you can imagine with the old team, that one two world series is how boring he was then.
You can imagine with a bunch of little children playing ball how boring he's going to be now.
That's the kind of thing somebody should have the balls to write, but they don't cause it South Florida.
These are the people who put the duh in South Florida.
Pathetic.
Dave Ann Boring.
The Marlin just won the world series.
And by the way, anybody got any coffee?
How about some no-dose?
He is swill and of course now Josh get admitted because he won't work on those games anymore.
Could you admit it?
What are you talking about?
Talking about Dave Ann Boring and how boring he is.
No, I'm not listening.
Okay.
In other words, you want to keep the door open.
You might just want to go back.
That was your saying?
He's just fine.
He's not just fine.
He's just like him.
You admitted that he was boring.
That Marlins of one of the world series.
You admitted.
You said you were embarrassed by it and humiliated and degraded and have ever been in the same room with him.
515 votes on the poor.
You see that?
Why did I even do this?
This is char.
I think char is trying to...
That's right.
I'm saying that with show now.
You should know better.
What?
The people don't read anymore.
Much less.
I know that.
That's why I put those alternatives on there.
I hate this poor and don't read books at number two and three.
Respectively.
Respectfully.
1984, what book should be compulsory reading 169?
I hate this poor 85.
I don't read books 70.
And then the Bible 43.
But farewell to God.
God is right underneath the Bible with 40.
Charles Templeton.
Get a copy and read it out loud.
Do a build tech and read it out loud.
Run a few corners.
Start screaming out loud.
Share another God.
Hey God.
Bye-bye.
Hey, oh God.
Yeah.
I have only one thing to say about that.
Where am I?
Got it.
Stop.
Amen.
Thanks a lot, Marvin.
Raw man.
Hope you and the Indians have a good time at Devoys House.
Where Debe used to be.
Very jackass writes,
Challenge for the Voices of Marlin.
And by the way, Devo, we don't watch on the station.
We got an opening two to four.
We don't watch.
Joe, Joe, I'll tell him in a corner ball.
We don't want your corn ball crap on here, Devo.
Stay right over there across the street, or you'll be safe.
And by the way, Joe Rose don't like anymore either.
Not that he ever did.
He blames, now let's see.
No, Joe was the one who was the guilty.
And that was his big ally, right?
It was always Joe and Gaudi against Devo.
Back in the days of the worst team, remember that?
Right.
But, to show you that Joe is not a total idiot.
When he got his own show on there for me to tell you what you did very well,
that was Sans, Sans the guilty, the Sans the squeaker.
He didn't want any part of him on there.
Good thinking, Joe.
And by the way, nice going with that one, six.
In a season that could test the patience of everyone involved in Marlin's
of teams announcing his face, a mighty difficult challenge
writes a little berry.
Hey, Berry, huh?
What an idiot.
Not to my knowledge.
Oh.
How exactly do you keep the fans entertained when the Marlin's
are being drugged out?
Keep watching when the Marlin's are 20 games below 500.
See, everybody's assuming they're going to suck and probably rightfully so,
because they clean house again.
Another fire sale.
How many season tickets do you think they got?
About 30, man.
Now, here's Berry's great line.
Nobody watches fourths here, the announces.
But I'm more likely to stick with a lifestyle game a bit longer.
If there's a compelling animated dialogue, a compelling animated dialogue.
What does that start?
Keeping the broadcast high quality, even if the team isn't going to be the mission for the Marlin's
voices and what could be a long, long season.
So we're going to hear that compelling animated dialogue.
And then he says on QM broadcast, Dave and Horton Roxy Bernstein would be wise
to discuss meaty baseball issues to live in the broadcast.
And those long nights in July when the Marlins are losing, but meaty baseball issues.
And then he goes down here because Rich Walls actually talks to him.
He talks about how he and Tommy Hutton are going to have a great rapport
and a great sense of humor.
And it says expect lots of storytelling, which is one of Walls' strengths.
Oh my God.
Remember what Jack Walls spoke of at Horses and his bed?
That's what today happened to this guy, Rich Walls.
He is pathetic.
Even Josh, it's that.
He is the worst.
He makes Dave and Horton sound like Mel Allen.
That's how bad Rich Walls is.
The worst I have ever heard in my life.
He makes only Johnson seem like a desirable.
That's how bad he is.
He makes Joe Zagaki seem like Mary Kiri.
That's how bad you are.
Rich you are pathetic.
So this business is about storytelling.
We'd like to hear the story of how you got the job.
This is Neil Rogers.
Welcome.
This is 5.62 AF.
This is Hannah Homeland Security Tom Reinge.
Advising you to put duct tape on your radio.
When I raised the warning color to Bing for the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
5.60 AF.
Who did Moe with Moe?
How did I hear Moe having a baby with whatever it is?
Now you listen to me.
I got unfinished business with that bearer and about it I reacted.
I stand before you now.
With my previous statement plainly in hand.
There ain't no National God in Iraq.
See?
National God?
I'm gonna have it alone.
Hey, I'm looking for a baby.
Where can I go?
I mean, I want to do my thing here.
What are you gonna do with that fool?
I'm gonna kill you.
I can't go ahead.
Now square.
No, it was I did.
Oh yeah.
And another thing.
Who's done for?
For the war in Iraq.
Pinch of acres there for us?
What's your crazy in a pit helmet?
Ah!
Well, that's pit, Joyce.
As in the pit.
Nobody knows what I said anyway.
But don't stop me now.
I'm not by your dad like Stizzy cats.
Why am I the schiziest?
Now on a personal note.
This new life of leisure.
A bad.
Why I'll let you know I'm not a hot rob of skeletal women by the pool.
They like my nice back.
I gotta play in Strip Majon.
But I want to tell you.
These girls look like my cure-off and drag.
Oh, I still got it.
But you wish I had me back.
Well, not had you out of life.
No chance.
You'll have a city and that's smelly dumb again.
See?
Well, maybe.
So what do you think?
Want to bring more back or what?
We ought to take a quick poll on that.
All right.
Don't think?
For what day part?
Two to four.
Ah, that does it snow good.
Or maybe a little mole.
Huh?
I like the olden days.
The molden days.
Oh, in the morning, you mean?
Five to seven AM before we woke up.
Yeah, I guess.
I'll get it all juiceed up right before you go on the air.
Here's the facts from somebody who's being very defensive.
You should never be very defensive.
Okay.
Just a radio show.
Just calm down.
It says, I'm not iodine, man.
I'm one of your greatest fans.
I even like George, though.
I generally have nothing nice to say about Julio's.
Kind of a real exotty name with a G.
So that's saying, you notice his name?
Sounds Julio to me.
It is.
But not one of your people.
Maybe it could be though.
Who be?
I guess I missed the stuff on iodine, man.
So I have no idea what it refers to.
But yes, it's an annoying person.
Good guess.
I'm sure I have facts to you twice today.
I thought it was a great book.
Maybe you didn't get the facts, but I have nothing to hide.
And he's got his name and shoe size and his phone number and facts number and his address and his email and his email and his...
Oh, thanks a lot, Hermann.
I mean, German, whatever your name is.
Hermann.
Hermann Cruz.
Yeah, definitely Julio.
But that's all right.
I like him, too.
He likes you, even though he...
I don't like Julio's either.
I don't like Julio's either, but I like him.
I don't really know that many Julios.
But I'd like to.
Let a smile be your umbrella.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
That was the funniest thing I've ever seen.
This is a joke.
This is a joke off the facts, but she knows.
It's funny because...
No, I don't know.
I know that the book actually exists because he used to say that in the year.
The inner hero.
The joy-revel story.
Let a smile be your umbrella.
But don't get him off the Lorraine.
Oh, still with the same old, unbelievable, crappy life.
I am that him, Roy.
Yeah, we know.
By joy-revels.
Oh, it's a 24.95.
A must-read.
Not, it says.
Whoever facts this in.
A must-read.
Not.
Customer review is 4.5 out of 5.
Look at that.
Stars.
That must have been by the...
And then you have 1.5 out of 5.
Yeah, that's Joey and Bill Marshall writing those reviews.
About a year ago, I had the distinct pleasure of appearing on Joey's show.
Oh, I see.
In other words, these are inside jobs.
This is what these are.
These reviews.
Maybe they got with the eyes right one.
Joey Reynolds is a comic genius, it says.
I have my nose up, Niels, I ask.
That's it.
His insights into the music business and life itself are profound.
He delivers these with a deafness and gentleness of a man who's gained wisdom from all his experience.
This is a man who's seen it all in the broadcasting business.
The ego, the rivalries, the greed, the disintegration of formats, the bitterness and sheer fear of driving programming today.
Well, he's so far I have to be around live with him.
Now comes the BS.
Joey is that rare type of entertainer.
Oh, thank goodness.
Who has remained true to himself while others have chased fads.
I understand he pioneered the kind of shock, shock, approach that is rampant now.
Oh, yeah.
When I heard him on the year was always shocking to me that he still had a job.
He's shocked to hell out of me.
Yeah.
And the fact that I heard him back at IOD, I can't get more shocking than that.
Never forget today, boy Gary came to me.
How much do you hate Joey Reynolds?
W-I-O-D.
Oh, I hate that station.
So I don't hate him at all.
That was the wrong thing to say and they brought it back.
Not that there was ever any gratitude for that.
See, that's the one thing.
If you go to bed from people who stuck on the year and then they get hired.
And then, you know, even if they get hired, all you get is it.
And then when they get canned due to their own figures, it's always your fault.
You know, it's just like scumbag.
I don't want to mention her name.
Well, if you would have just gone to bed for me, I, you know.
In other words, if one time I disagreed with something, then I was a bad guy.
No matter how much I was behind certain people getting put on the year.
And it would come in a hamlet or how much of their material they stole.
You know what I'm saying?
I'm not saying no names, though.
This is great.
A university of Texas professors says the earth would be better off with 90% of the human population dead.
Every one of you who gets to survive has to vary nine.
Eric Pianca, a person of students and his guests at St. Edwards University on Friday.
Pianca's words are part of what he calls doom's day talk, a 45 minute presentation outlining humanity's ecological misdeeds.
And Pianca's predictions about how nature or perhaps humans themselves will exterminate all but a fraction of civilization.
Well, that is true, except that ain't going to happen quite as quick as he's thinking.
Though his statements are admittedly bold, he's not without his and abundant advocates.
But what may see this revered by all just a part, missced him apart from other doom's day suit sayers as this,
humanity's collection is a notion he embraces.
Indeed, his words deal very literally on a life and death scale that he smiles and jokes candidly throughout the lecture.
The disseminating a message many would call morbid.
Pianca's warnings are centered upon awareness rather than fear.
This is really an exciting time he said for our humid warnings of apocalypse, destruction, and disease.
Only minutes earlier he declared, death.
This is what awaits us all. Death.
Sounds like an uplifting lecture.
Reflecting on the so-called ancient Chinese curse, may you live an interesting time as he wore surprisingly a smile.
So what's the heart of Pianca's claim? Six and a half billion humans is too many.
Well, of course it is, but the Pope likes it.
And the Chinese like it and the Indians.
In his estimation, we've grown fat, apathetic, and miserable.
All while leaving the planet parched, the solution A90% reduction.
How was that child alcohol movement?
The something mobile percent solution, the seven percent solution?
The needle was it quickly.
What was it?
I forgot. Let me find something.
That's 5.8 billion lives he says are trained to plant into fat human biomass.
He points to an 85% swell in the population in the last 25 years.
And insist civilizations on the brink of its downfall, elected at the end of widespread disease.
Disease will control the scourge of humanity, Pianca said.
We're looking forward to a huge collapse. We're looking forward to it.
This is, but don't tell local citizen scientists forced memes to quietly sell up a swallow Pianca's called awareness.
Mim says it's an aberrant death wish and contends he has no choice but to take a stand.
Mim's attend the Educator's DOOM Day presentation at the Texas Academy Sciences Annual Meeting March 2 through 4th.
They're the organization out in Pianca as its 2006 distinguished Texas scientists and other issue Mim's vocally opposes.
This guy is a loose cannon to believe that worldwide genocide is the only answer said Mim's,
who filed two formal petitions with the Academy following the meeting.
Joining his crusade, James Pitts, who received the PhD in Physics from University of Texas Austin,
became the second developer of Chastis Pianca when he filed a complaint Saturday with the UT Board of Regents.
He insists the state university is no place to disseminate such cruel test views, well too bad.
90% is not badly 10% it's still like 650 million people.
That's still not people for a pretty good party, wouldn't you think?
Good enough.
5670560, the calls today have been simulating the response on our poll today, week.
It will be back tomorrow when we do that poll on immigration,
because everybody wants to jump on the old band wagon.
Oh, let's burn a Mexican flag for a Michael Savage, what do you say?
Let's still say, let's just burn Michael Savage, we can wrap a flag around him a Mexican flag.
We could paint him the Mexican flag colors, that's a good idea.
That's a good idea.
Tortuma.
Per Timana.
553 votes is all we got, it's like afternoon.
See what I'm saying, I told you earlier, I knew it.
I should never put this poll on there, it's like a death wish.
You know what, you know when you're taking book polls and talking about books,
it sounds awfully close to.
Oprah.
No, we're not recommending any. Well the audiences.
In fact, what till I voted for 1984 only because it was on there.
Yeah, with pace off coming up, we as well just take a vacation.
And next week we're going to do a great step toward that,
because we got Marlins games on Wednesday and Thursday, early games next week.
105, which I think means we've got a 1230.
Am I right about that?
Okay. And then the 19th, the following Wednesday, we got a game against the reds,
which is probably in Cincinnati, and we'll take because it's a 1230 game.
Means we're going to be off at noon that Wednesday.
We feel really bad about that, like we're cheating the audience, don't we?
We feel real bad. We're sorry. We apologize.
Not WM QAM. Hello.
What does the media talking about this bench that was hostage?
Why are they talking about the soldiers?
WM QAM. Hello.
Hello. Yes.
Got WMVM is that.
Oh, go away. Go away.
Go away from wishing to some jingles.
Well, got no.
Yeah. See, that's the problem.
He called on the anniversary show as well.
You could give him a little bit of encouragement.
There he is all, all every day.
Blind Mike.
Yeah.
No, nobody cares about WMVM.
Nobody listens to WMVM. Go away now.
And don't come back.
And don't come any more of those damn pickings either.
The dating show pickings. Don't come back.
WQAM. Hello.
QAM.
Hey, Neil. I just want to tell you maybe the book poll would work better if we phrased it.
What book do you remember liking in high school?
I know some of those who are required reading for high school, which is fine.
And maybe that's how people remember these days.
Like Lady Chatterley's lover?
I can't look at one or nine.
And he'd in place, right?
Right, right. 84, I guess it was.
And catcher and the Ryan, all those standards.
At least those are the people that are afraid.
Oh, God. Yeah.
Catcher and the Ryan. I think it was the Johnny Ben story.
Right. Make sure that we're in that property part.
And we might actually learn something.
Okay. Thanks. We got.
All right. Bye.
See you at the see the library.
567.0560.
We got Kim Boke, emperor, too.
Don't forget your voice.
The same as that white flag like an adbit.
I liked it. That was good.
The Iraqi army.
Because we want to extend it outside the window and wave it around in the flag too.
12 minutes passed. No, they just showed Jack straw and see an international now.
We're simply putting out a couple hours of it.
It saves some money on this crap that they got us.
People that their leaders are working together to end a war that is under.
Oh, Charles Taylor.
Yeah, he's he might have to be executed for a bad drive at North Hill Lounds in the fourth race last week.
You know, being outdoors a lot in South Florida, we need comfortable shoes, man.
Take good care of those tutsies.
The only place to take him is to brandy shoes and pomodal beads because brandy has got the unbeatable deal all the way around.
Best prices, best selection, best sales holes.
Brandy's curious.
Major brands like Floreshime, Echo, Mephisto, Rockport, Hush, Puppies, New Balance.
Tons of other name brands and all sizes for men and women are even carried wide wits and hard to find sizes.
Brandy shoes is the largest independent shoe retailer in all of South Florida.
And when you see the selection and value you get at brandy, you'll see what I've been raving about them for years.
Go talk to our good buddy Arnie at brandy.
So make sure you get the right of any shoes for your feet at an unbeatable price every time.
And unlike those department stores where you stand around seemingly for hours waiting to get weighted on.
And then finally, they tell you whatever style you picked out they don't have in your size.
The only thing they do do with brandy is shoes.
So never fear because they'll always have what you're looking for.
Never worry about size, selection, service or of course price.
Brandy shoes you'll find them at $12.90, nor federal highway in pomodal beads.
Brandy's is right between Atlantic and Copies on the East Side, Kenless,
if Brandy's open Monday through Saturday till 9 every Sunday till 5.
And this week is this two pentes time to buy essay issues this week at Brandy's.
So they've 20 to 40 bucks to pair in all great men's and women's essay styles.
So be sure to get in there and do your shopping this week or do your shoe shopping online at Brandy's shoes.
This is me Roger.
This is 5.62.8.
What it comes to is your teeth.
This is what you've got to see.
The biggest personality.
The biggest personality.
The most beautiful watch.
It's a vintage vintage.
It's for sure to be the best.
This is what you've got to see.
You will.
I'm just using this because you're like becoming unused.
You will.
You will.
Okay.
Just pull the helmet.
Okay.
9 o'clock on a Sunday night.
And I'm gonna watch HBO.
I'm so tired of desperate housewives.
Where it's free and car-delibled.
I have had to wait a minute to all years.
This is junior AJ and metal.
I'm sick of getting screwed when I turn on a tune.
And they're playing that dumb dead with show.
Gumbah, Gumbah.
Gumbah.
Gumbah.
I've waited too long for the soprano's man.
It's time we got on with this thing.
I want to stay partyin' to the old.
In the back room of the body.
It's been so long since the last episode.
There's so many things I forgot.
This Christopher on smack cause Adriana got whacked.
And this Tony still sails us through guts.
So I took up the latest TV guide.
And that's when I stopped getting fine.
Fake cottage bills bring in fact the day goes.
It's an average Sunday night.
The felt break in fire.
It's Tony's morning of the day.
What are you gonna do?
Nice college boy.
They want to get mixed up in a family business.
Now you want to go down a police camp and want to slap you in the face.
What do you think this is?
The army where you shoot them a mile away.
You gotta get a post like this.
The thing you brought it brings a lot of you nice I release suit.
You're taking a study.
Oh my god.
They're only imitators man.
There's only one godfather.
Let me tell you right now.
There ain't nothin' like the godfather.
It's a matter of fact.
Let's put that on the pole because the book is much better than the movie.
As ludicrous as that may sound, it is true.
I'll take your word for it.
Now I'm sure you will.
It's a very big book.
Maybe he has somebody to read it to you.
Maybe.
What?
The godfather.
I'm telling you right now the book and I start after the movie.
It's sensational.
I'll start reading it.
Marty says must read all the presidents men.
See now George will just watch the movie again.
It's easy to watch the movie like 1984.
Or I'll watch the movie for the first time.
I'm sure there's a bunch of cursed and GOP.
At least they're consistent.
At least they're consistent.
At least they ain't taking a more vikunia coats.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We're very call intensive.
All the way to know for a little while probably not.
I got another big pile here.
You know?
Oh, can't wait for two o'clock and a good call from Joe Bell.
I'm just sitting on the edge of my seat.
I don't want it.
I got nothing to say.
Do it.
Do what?
Talk to him.
I'm not ordering any.
No, I will not.
When people ignore you for eight years plus,
no one listen to anything you have to say.
All of a sudden it's great.
There's nothing to say.
Well, you could ask him.
I'm here today.
You could ask him.
Josh is here.
He's here.
And how your new contract is coming out.
He's going to take the courage.
Josh and George, he gives me BS.
He gives me BS.
And he also gives me Ajada.
Okay?
Joe Bell.
Not so swell.
Rhymes with hell.
It's just all bullshit, man.
Speaking of that word, it's just all crap.
Put a beep.
Put a boop.
Put a beep.
Put a beep.
Put a beep.
Put a boop.
That James Conn.
And underrated.
He was one of the greatest.
There's the mean.
And he, huh?
I liked all his movies.
In the frame.
In fact, even a one word that the chick was stuck in the elevator.
Right?
That was great.
He was very young, man.
And real slimy character.
What was the name of that movie?
And that's a good one.
A girl woman in a cage or something in a cage?
Maybe in a cage?
Maybe the cage that might be it.
Oh, and that's a good movie.
It was a very good movie.
A pretty young.
A little.
A young.
A young.
Yeah.
And Rollerball.
It's poor handicraft woman.
She's got like her own elevator in the house.
So she can get from the downstairs to the upstairs and vice-eversy.
And she gets stuck in the elevator.
Who was that?
Was it Shelley Winners?
Was it in that?
No.
Who was in that?
I don't know.
I'm not going to have to look it up.
Well, Google it, man.
Lady in the cage, I believe.
Google it.
I saw that like maybe three or four times back.
Oh, yeah.
That was making a ronson like IFC independent film channel for a long time.
This is a good channel.
By the way, those of you who got it, then the power of IFC.
It is actually.
Well, that's why I just said it.
Or you could just Google James Conn.
That would be a lot easier than you can find the name of the movie.
Then you can like Google the movie.
So that's the way to do it.
That's the way to work.
Sorry.
Are you in the cage?
I'll live you to Havelin.
I'll live you to Havelin, man.
The great, I'll live you to Havelin.
She was only a hundred years old when that movie was made.
She's the one stuck in that cage.
Jennifer Billingsley as Elaine, Jeff Bory, and Southern.
Rafael Campos as the little beener that was with him all along.
Oh, yeah.
Whatever we were.
We wouldn't have make any assumptions, although.
What?
I think it was one.
I wonder if he was kind to like Puppy Campo.
I hate Scambo.
You think I make that up when I say Puppy Campo?
There actually, you know, Rosemary.
I know about Puppy.
Rosemary.
That's what I heard.
Especially a couple weeks ago.
Yeah.
Scambo.
You listen to me.
All right.
More important.
Rosemary, a Clooney's sister, Betty Clooney, who also had no talent.
What she used to be like on today's show, different things.
Because she was Rosemary, a Clooney's sister.
She was married to Puppy Campo, who was like some kind of a, like a small time busy aren't it?
Is that kind of a small time?
That's still not as important as the fact that Scambo and others was in that movie.
I mean, if you can, if you can, well, see there you go, Puppy Campo.
Same thing.
It fits in.
Yeah, and all kind of with the food fits.
Where are the deaf?
Campaign staffers abandoned Harris speaking of F.
If her, spending all Katie, spent Airbnb last dime, you bitch.
And what could be the death knell the Campaign staff members have quit?
I almost just pulled the landscape off my lamp here.
Several top campaign needs, because I like hit the button like the flourish and then like follow through.
I almost pulled the landscape off my lamp.
Several top campaign needs had already left during the past year.
We spent on Friday the five remaining staff members.
When it's out, they all walked out.
Only their assistance and a few attempts to open a mail remain on board.
According to one former staffer, who didn't want to be identified, prefer for its life.
The staff department came at a time when she faces a daunting campaign
to once the Democratic US Senator Bill Nelson.
She's got two chances, okay?
Much, much less than none, and much, much, much, much less than none.
Nelson boasted a double digit lead in the polls and millions of dollars in the bank.
And he's pretty weak.
He's weak.
He's boring.
He's weak.
But he isn't her, and that's why she's got no chance.
And the email dispatched 5 p.m. Saturday, Harris said she has relaunched her campaign with new employees.
Right.
We have lined up a core of season campaigners who believe in my candidacy or committed to this campaign.
All should be committed, by the way, and support the values of mainstream Florida citizens,
Harris wrote.
We're stronger as a campaign today than we were yesterday.
Right.
More today than yesterday.
Remember that song by the spiral staircase?
Yeah.
I've got it.
All I know is it.
Yeah.
Then, I know more than yesterday.
You've got it.
She said the new Harrys would be announced early this week.
No one answered the phone if the campaign office heard it.
Well, they all quit too.
Here we go.
The spiral staircase.
I hate that song.
So I like the plan.
You used to plan on here about that.
I said 68, 69.
You bet.
What is it?
69.
All right.
All right.
All right.
Don't say, remember what day.
By the way, your fans suspension you said 69.
I'm sorry.
I said I already knew.
And as part of Joyce's new Lexic.
Starts now, right?
Let's say for the poor, oh yeah, dude, where's my country?
By Michael Moore.
I must read.
Absolutely.
Thanks, Maurice.
Love you.
Says Maurice.
Dude, where's my country?
God, it has an excellent book.
I have reddit in the other room.
Have you read it?
Come on.
Well, why not?
Reading dude, where's my country?
It is out freaking standing.
No, you rather go watch some movies because you know,
Is it back and be passive?
Pass it back.
Pass it back.
Pass it back.
Pass it back.
Pass it back.
Pass it back.
Pass it back.
I'm very worried about whose ride in the Stugas.
That's what I hear.
I mean, what's Stugas got that he ain't got?
And I'll tell you the answer to that.
Rich Danny.
26th pass, nearly 560.
You asked the beasters Stugas man or Joel Feinberg.
There's nothing like having a rich daddy.
He'll cost me one at 10.
This has the beast.
Spore a little rich kid.
Spore a little rich Jewish kid from New England.
Oh, brother.
Unbelievable.
Who, by the way, was riding out Robert Grieper last week.
So this idea that there's some like cooperation area.
Yeah, when you deal with the enters, when you deal with backstabbers,
they backstab each other.
They even ought to backstab themselves.
Okay, and the beast case, I'd sure like to see him try to do that.
You know what I was thinking about yesterday?
What, speaking of the beast, and I was in Niagara Falls at the casino.
And I was thinking about, well, I was really thinking more like woodbine.
Because in Niagara Falls, people generally tend to be more gentile and not like pushing each other around.
But you know how like, well, maybe you don't know.
But like in Vegas, it would be crowded by a bunch of machines.
You know, maybe a curicel or wheel of fortune or a puffer on a machine.
And people are kind of like pushing their way, trying to like get in line.
So there's the standard right beside somebody who's getting ready to leave the machine.
Now, if you see the beast doing it.
Oh, yeah.
Absolutely.
Oh, backstabbers, the old days.
Let's share it.
Look at it.
Yeah.
You can do that.
Backstab, old days.
I'll line up and whoever's first gets to stab old J in the back.
What are you saying?
Several times.
I'll bring my old days.
Hey, steady.
Right?
I think I just dumped it.
I'll bring my old shiv.
Oh, my God.
I just did a good laugh up there.
It's pretty good.
I said, the shiv.
I didn't really say that.
You thought it.
That's almost good, though.
Yeah, I was thinking the shiv.
I said, don't say that.
On the 7 after 12 at 5 60 WQM, Rollin' Long singing a song.
And you know, another thing that's happening now is the snowbirds are all on a way out.
This is April, baby.
This is the time when I tell you, you can tell it.
You can just smell it.
Mmm.
That was the aroma I was smelling earlier that rotting meat.
Maybe some of them left their bags behind.
Hey, with lightning quick speeds, the latest features and security.
Comcast, high speed internet leaves DSL in the bus.
And by the way, before I start continuing with the Comcast spot.
You know, the next spot, there's a little bit of an issue there.
Now, has Troy the boy?
Have you seen him?
Have you smelled him in the last hour or so?
No, no, no.
And he'll come through for a sound.
I'll just have to wing it on that.
This is a man who wants the commission doesn't want to do the job.
That's Troy the boy.
Troy Stratford.
I would take away all those accounts that he inherited.
There's ones that have been on for like a hundred years before he blows them out of the water.
And give him like Brian Schmootz.
Give him like some real salespeople.
Okay.
Hopefully you're finding.
With lightning quick speeds, the latest features and security.
Comcast, high speed internet leaves DSL in the bus.
I think I just said that.
And today you can get on board for just 9.95 a month for two months.
With an always on connection speed of six megabytes,
Comcast, high speed internet is up to four times faster than DSL-1-5
and up to a hundred times faster than dial-up.
Whether you're downloading music, watching streaming video, playing online games,
or just surfing your favorite sites,
Comcast, reliable, fast connection means you'll be flying through the internet with the greatest deities.
Plus when you sign up for Comcast, high speed internet,
you get instant access to free features like the fan,
video mail, Comcast, Rhapsody, Radio Plus,
and up to seven personal email accounts it's a name of you.
Not only that, but you get macapies security tools too.
So you can be assured that your internet experience is always safe and secure.
So what to be waiting for is start doing more a lot faster than ever before.
Sign up for Comcast, high speed internet today for only 9.95 a month for two months
and you wonder how you ever manage without it.
In day call 305 Comcast or in Broward call today,
9.54 Comcast.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62A.
Public baby, only in Miami.
Coming soon to Fox is the all new Beverly Hill Billies,
starring all your favorite characters,
Jet, and my green grin, Granny,
Jethro,
and Kelly Pickler.
What's a salm?
I don't tell you, she demonstrates what life is like without a brain.
You want a candle with me?
Hango, but I don't even know how to dance.
I don't want to turn my ABC though.
Hey, I have done to deserve this.
You know her and love her from American Idol.
Now follow Kelly Pickler as she makes a startling discovery.
I should have loved it here in California,
but I've went to this place called Holywood
and I don't see no churches at all.
I know you guys hit me, though.
It's the all new Beverly Hill Billies starring Kelly Pickler.
What the hell, Bill?
Coming soon to Fox.
You all come back now, you hear?
I'll come back.
Check back with his lady.
You might hear something you like, but we doubt it.
It's a 12.32 and we got a big bowl coming along at two o'clock
and we're evolving door slot.
I promise you that one of these days,
one of these months we'll have a staggering announcement
and there'll be somebody unlike permanent 2-4.
Deep out of it.
Or not.
Maybe we're just going to do this forever.
All I know is we got double on four days a day.
Oh my god.
Can you imagine this quick level on that?
Error of faceoff and we got guilty on every day.
Man, that's evil.
Tom and Tallahassee says,
sorry to want to face more than once, but did.
That's okay, Tom.
As long as he's got something to contribute.
As opposed to people with faxing stories like this morning before the show,
faxing and stuff that I had on like a week ago, at least.
What was that crap about?
Oh, I forgot.
That was the week ago.
Yeah, me too.
The stuff that we had on our website,
stuff that I read on the year and it keep passing over and over.
Oh, we already had that crap.
It's a good idea.
Some of you that we do a day back.
That's every day of that.
That's every day of that.
That's every day of that.
That's every day of that.
That's every day of that.
That's every day of that.
That's every day of that.
That's every day of that.
That's every day of that.
That's every day of that.
That's every day of that.
That's every day of that.
That's every day of that.
That's every day of that.
That's every day of that.
That's every day of that.
That's every day of that.
That's every day of that.
That's every day of that.
No way.
We want that bonus money.
We want it now.
Okay, you people are killing us.
Joe Bell might not be too happy that he made that the Zinder.
Call me that the Zinder.
You might not be too happy.
I'm just in a good, sir.
Huh?
Be frank.
Now, I'll believe me.
I was frank the last time I was talking to me.
I said, I was calling Neil.
I said, no, this is frank.
Get off my phone.
You clown.
That's what I said to him.
And then I said, I don't care who you are.
You fail.
Yeah.
That's what he said to me.
Tom Atalist.
His great James Conn will be thief.
With Tuesday, well, Robert Prosky and Willie Nelson.
Willie Nelson.
Early Michael Mann movie.
Huh?
Is that as in Mr. Mann?
That being the game.
Mr. Mann, James Conn.
That was a great movie too.
I would be like, can't he base?
Right.
Was it?
Misery.
Misery.
Misery.
Misery loves company.
That's why a lot of people come to South Florida.
Man, Misery loves company.
And then once it starts going to be a hundred degrees in the shade,
and starts pouring like crazy every day.
And the boof of Todd Start Cron up and you're swimming pool.
Everybody bales out.
That's like a right about now.
So sorry I did this pool about books.
That idea, Sean, in fact, Sean is so dense, but he's going to worse than us.
He's doing repeats now.
That means one thing when we do repeats, because I try to go back four or five years,
Sean is like repeating the stuff that we had unlike last week.
Like, here's what he said on, what's the date on this?
I was just the other day, March 31 of Friday, the most overrated anything.
We've already done that a million times, right?
And we're like super bowl, pink Floyd.
Been there, done that, Sean.
I don't want to put pressure on you, Sean, but you're a human.
We count on you.
Our future depends on you, which tells you how shaky it is.
What's the gas profession?
How many times have you done that?
Well, not that long ago either.
Oh, let's see.
We did do it with who's the most monster.
That was a good one.
And then what's the worst thing about George's dribbling of bush?
Oh, we don't have enough to do another poll for that.
God, just just no obligatory bush bash.
That doesn't make no talent.
The worst thing about George's dribbling of bush is he just won't go away.
That's the worst thing.
Just go away.
Don't go away, PO.
Just go away.
You failed.
You flunked.
You're out.
WDQYM, hello.
What?
You're out, Tom.
Oh, that was the guard lawyer trying to come up with something new in original.
I could recognize by the Flemingistro.
Can you tell it?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, we did a little DNA on your Fleming.
We knew it was you.
You're an idiot.
You're a jackass.
We hate you like poison.
Hope you'll die.
You're an overgrown child is what you are.
A moron.
A simple thing.
Probably got a smooth spot where you're a-
Good you're supposed to be.
When surprised me?
WDQYM, hello.
What do they keep all this time that they've been saving this day like time?
What do they hope?
I'll give you an idea.
That's a good idea for starters.
567-0560, pound 567.
Maybe you'll get interested on it too.
Like Eisenhower, he said, innerst.
He had a lot of- he had great innerst in what was happening in the Middle East.
That's why he said it is a secondary stage on Foster Delos over there.
Scoot up real good.
WDQYM, hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
Two ladies and it's not even one o'clock yet.
Oh, talking.
I have the best book for your poll.
Unfortunately, I didn't get a chance to call on Friday when I had the best movie for your poll.
What was that?
It hasn't made it to Florida yet, but you have to see it when it gets there.
It's called Why We Fight.
It starts out with Dwight Eisenhower's farewell.
See that?
I just got through a mix of the Eisenhower.
It's that psychic connection again.
Oh my gosh.
Well, anyway, you have to let everyone have to see that movie.
Okay.
As for the book, Amy Goodman's The Exceptionist to the Rulers, exposing oily politicians and war
profiteers and the media that loves them.
I just found out about it yesterday.
I've ordered it today.
Amy Goodman is the host of Democracy Now.
I don't know.
So roughly Jewish to me.
Besides the point.
Yeah.
No, that is the point.
It's almost pay-sauce.
That's important.
It is important.
Exactly.
But Michael Moore recommends this book.
He says, pick up this book.
Shake your head and listen.
What's your call again?
I'll go on and get it today, maybe.
The Exception to the Rulers.
Okay.
I like that.
Hi, Amy Goodman.
Hi, Amy Goodman.
I'm sorry.
By whom?
Amy Goodman.
Oh, Amy Goodman.
Well, she's probably kind to Amy Man.
Or some man.
Oh, good man.
Maybe a Roman.
Amy Man.
Okay, thanks a lot, sweetheart.
I'd have a season pay-sauce.
You too, darling.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
So it eats too much mustard.
It'll turn to a cardboard inside your kishkis, man.
Oh, the food.
The food.
I'm going to write a book, The Food that Jews eat.
Okay.
No, I'm serious.
I would explain a lot.
Like, about a lot of fat people and digestive problems, I think.
And of session with bowel movements like my mother had all her life.
When you eat all that stuff, they're like, just lays there like a big lump in your kishkis, man.
How are you going to get rid of it?
Oh, I have some ideas, but we can't say.
Blocking the exit, baby.
Blocking the exits.
Not going in case of fire.
What's the point of time?
I'm going to make sure there will be like spicy Mexican food, which I'm sure is in now.
Oh, or not.
I think you're the one stir all this anti-Mexican hatred.
What's wrong with you?
I got nothing against Mexicans.
Rudy, how about you?
Yeah.
You don't like Mexicans, legal or illegal.
Or illegal or amoral.
That's right.
The Emperor wears no clothes by Jack Hurr, or Hurr, or Hurr says Rudy.
The Emperor wears no clothes.
Got it?
Got it.
I mean, I'm not going to read any of these books over there.
One of the scripts of the ruler sounds pretty good by Amy Goodman.
And then, of course, the very bond steroids book.
That is a must read.
I'm going to go to the book store today.
I'm going to get both of those.
In fact, let me do this right now.
I wrote down these scripts and I wrote that one down.
Oh.
Now, when we're going to put it, I'm sitting here in my underwear.
Don't tell me.
Don't say that.
I'm going to tell the way I'll tell you what.
I'll put it right in front of my t-shirt.
Okay.
Now, actually, what I'll do is during the break.
I'll take it and stick it out there on my pants.
Now, you know, Troy Stratford, you know, tomorrow I might do four hours on him.
You know, forget about the rest of the sales department.
This man, it's this feeling of entitlement.
You've heard about entitlement programs.
We have certain people in our building who feel like entitled to suck the commission out
of accounts that have had on the air for like 20, 30 years in some cases.
And they just keep taking and taking and taking.
And what they do in return is basically it's not complicated.
It's simple.
Nothing.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
I mean, when's he going to do something this man?
He's just implying.
And I have to keep nudging him and nudging him.
And in the meantime, for whatever reason, I don't know what the reason is.
In fact, he's an ex-joc.
He used to play very weekly for the dolphins, by the way, as in once a week.
Now, let's see.
During my, let me cross this out.
Cross this out.
Cross that out.
I have to do it.
I have to make it up as I go along.
Oh, be right.
Let's be writing music.
Definitely.
We write while I'm reading.
No, it just pisses me off because dry concepts have been out with me for like over 20 years.
21 years, I do believe.
At least I've been used into my home for 21 years.
Two weeks ago today, they were in my house.
My beautiful lost in plantations.
I did my carpets again.
And like I said, they've been doing them for years and years.
And they made those carpets as the report I'm getting.
They look just like brand new.
They always do.
They never let you down.
There is nobody anywhere at any price that gives you better deal in dry concepts or does a better job.
So before you go out and spend thousands to replace that carpeting, do the smart thing like I've been doing for all these years,
give dry concepts a call.
Let them bring those carpets back to life no matter how bad or hopeless they look right now.
When they get done with their job, they leave your carpets a vibrant and covered, soft to the touch, staying free,
and looking like you had brand new laid-right on your floor.
And don't forget they do a lot of the great things for you too.
They also specialize in drapery cleaning, a pulstery cleaning, deep cleaning of your expensive blood deferred to your and lots more.
No rip offs, lot of these carpet cleaning deals.
At the end of the deal, they say, oh well guess what?
It's a lot more than we thought it was going to be because we had to do but it would.
And they tack onto the price.
Not a dry concepts.
They always give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start the job.
They always do a professional job and show up on time every time as well.
Don't forget all of these things.
Carpour cleaning, water damage restoration, pet order treatments, mattress cleaning, the sacred vitality of dust mites,
and lots, lots more.
Call the best and trust the best like I do, dry concepts.
Call them toll-free and they'd be proud on the Palm Beach's at 1-800-248-5071.
Tell them that Tristrad for totally to call they'll absolutely sign the phone on the floor.
1-800-248-5071, or on the web at striconsets.com.
This is Neil Ross.
I start to try you jacket.
This is 5.62 AF.
Oh, I was out in the other room putting nothing on my pants.
Florida sucks.
This November, make your voice heard in the soothing and non-interruptive way.
This November, soft rock devolves.
Hello, I'm Phil Collins, do do do.
Please join me in the other adult contemporary friends and soft rock devolves, won't you?
In their right glorious.
That's right, Phil.
I'm Gloria Estessa.
Get on your feet.
Come on and make it happen.
Register for soft rock devolves today.
If you stopped paying attention to the issues about the same time you stopped paying attention to music,
then you adjust the type we need to soft rock devolves.
Sir, I'm Terry's Rutgers from Hoody and the Blowfish.
Remember me?
Yeah, it doesn't matter.
As long as you remember to soft rock devolves, don't you agree, Michael?
Hey, I'm Michael Bolton.
And if there's one thing a man loves more than a woman, it's his right to express political opinions.
Outdated as his taste in music, so whether you're in the dentist's campus, an elevator,
a supermarket, or a grandma's house, get down, but not too loudly or rhythmically and register to soft rock devolves.
All right, call 45.
I was out there putting a list of books and I got to add to it Bush's Brain.
Oh, that's right.
Did you really?
Very good movie, actually.
In fact, I'm on the website right now that's got the Buy the DVD.
It's the Bush's Brain Web site.
Yeah, we read.
The book was made into a documentary.
And you've seen it?
I thought one and a half times.
It was on, I think, I have seen since he just mentioned it.
Really, Bush's Brain?
It was great with early footage of Carl Rove like when he had a video.
Who's really running the country and there's a picture of Carl Rove that B.E.I. defaig it.
Oh, God.
Look at him.
That piece of crap.
No, it's a piece of crap.
I don't want to.
I don't want to.
I'm going to be making my postulate around.
The white guy is the same.
My dream field's pasta.
Which nobody noticed is trying it.
And you know what?
Like you said, it's more for us.
I have never been so astonished in my life.
I mean, you know, lack of responses generally par for the course in South Florida.
But here's the most important thing I think I've ever discovered.
If we just don't have any people with diabetes in the audience, maybe they're all dead.
Like some who aren't yet, but will be free soon.
Maybe you don't have any fat people in the audience.
Right, that could be it.
I've seen a crowd and they all look very slim in the end.
Right.
We're slim and trim.
Paul Krogman writes, John and Jerry.
Oh, this is so good.
I saw a little bit.
I was in the fall just a bit of my hotel room before I went back and started plunge it again.
I saw a little bit of John McCain getting the soft balls.
The soft ball toss from Tim Russell there and eat the press.
What a phony man, John McCain.
Don't get sucked in by this phony baloney.
Paul Krogman writes, well, I'll be damned.
At least that's what the Reverend Jerry Falwell says.
Last month, Mr. Falwell issued a statement explaining that in his view, Jews can't go to heaven unless they convert to Christianity.
And what Mr. Falwell says matters, maybe not in heaven, but here on earth.
After all, he's a kingmaker in today's Republican party.
Senator John McCain obviously believes that he can't get the Republican presidential nomination without Mr. Falwell's approval.
During the 2000 campaign, Mr. McCain denies Mr. Falwell and the Reverend Pat Robertson as agents have intolerance.
The next month, Mr. McCain will be a commencement speaker at Liberty University, which Mr. Falwell founded.
On 8th of the press yesterday, Mr. McCain was asked to explain his apparent flip-flop.
I believe he replied that the Christian right has a major role to play the Republican party.
One reason I believe is they're so active and they're followers are.
And I believe they have a right to be part of our party, he says now.
So what's happened since the 2000 campaign to commence, Mr. McCain and Mr. Falwell is not infected agent of intolerance?
Maybe it was Mr. Falwell's TV appearance with Mr. Robertson on September 13, 2001, during which the two religious leaders argue that the terrorist attack today is earlier would divine punishment for American immorality.
God continues to lift the curtain and allow the enemies of America to give us probably what we deserve, said Mr. Falwell, who also declared,
I really believe that the pagans and the abortionists and the feminists and the gays and lesbians who are actively trying to make that an alternative lifestyle, the ACLU, people for the American way, all of them who have tried to secularize America,
I point their finger in their face and say, you help this happen.
Or maybe it was Mr. Falwell's appearance on 60 minutes, October of 2002, when he declared, I think Muhammad was a terrorist.
Muhammad, he said, was a violent man. I'm like Mr. Falwell, I guess, who said of service we should blow them all away in the name of the Lord.
After each of these incidents, by the way, Mr. Falwell issued what we were describing as apologies, but they weren't apologies.
They were statements along the lines of, I'm sorry that some people were upset by what I said.
It's clear that in each case Mr. Falwell's offensive remarks without a slip of the tongue, they reflected his deeply held beliefs, and that's why it's important to hold someone like Mr. McCain, who was still widely regarded as a moderate in spite of his extremely conservative voting record,
accountable when he closes up to Mr. Falwell.
Nobody thinks that Mr. McCain shares all of Mr. Falwell's views, but when Mr. McCain said that the Christian right has the right to be part of the Republican Party, it was an effect saying that Mr. Falwell's statements are within the realm of acceptable political discourse.
Just to be clear, this is a free country. Mr. Falwell has the right to say what he thinks, even if his views include the beliefs that other people by saying what they think brought down God's wrath on America,
by the same token any political party has the right to include Mr. Falwell and his supporters.
This is any politician has the right to make a political alliance with Mr. Falwell.
But if you choose to make common cause with religious extremists, you're accepting some responsibility for their extremism.
By welcoming Mr. Falwell and people like him as members of their party, Republicans are saying that it's okay, not necessarily correct, but okay to declare that not yet who was a America's punishment for its tolerance of abortion and homosexuality,
that Islam is a terrorist religion and that Jews can't go to heaven and vote for Jewish Republican Party accordingly.
As for Mr. McCain, as the non-Ceation of Mr. Falwell, one Robertson six years ago helped give him a reputation as a moderate on social issues,
now that he's made up with Mr. Falwell and endorsed out the court as ban on abortion, even in the case of Ray for Incess, only two conclusions are possible.
Either he isn't the social moderate after all or he's a cylindrical, a cynical, political opportunist.
Absolutely correct.
A cynical, political opportunist.
I choose that one.
Yeah, that's my choice. That's my vote.
And in fact, that vote for both of the above.
Our goal today is 700 votes on a poll.
Pretty weak, you know. Sorry for doing this poll today.
Not sorry for you folks, sorry for us.
639 votes is all we got. We're gonna have to work hard to get 700.
Pretty sad, isn't it?
Oh well, what book, huh? Maybe we just don't have the right book on here.
How about the Quran?
No.
How about the Archie comics?
Yeah.
639 vote.
What book should be compulsory reading? 1984-201.
I hate this poll. 97.
I don't read books 82.
You put those together. You got almost 30% right there between those two.
The Bible 51.
Well, for different reasons than some of you think I'm sure.
Farewell to God, 44. Charles Templeden.
I'd go out there and get it today and I'd be handed out copies of it on street corners via the time.
Rise and follow the third, rise, 40.
Voice gots manual 23. Do your duty.
And a lot of people wish they could.
Moabidiq 18, Thudimah.
The Da Vinci code 17, Furnide 451.15.
You realize it's coming up on two years she's been dead now, Ma.
Yes.
You're supposed to say, oh, but you really miss her bad.
No, not necessarily.
Oh.
The Da Vinci code 17, Furnide 451.15.
Ken's got in the Bible 12.
Dude, where's my country? Michael Moore, six, excellent.
Atlas Shrug.
No, that's Shrug. Shrugged.
Oh, it's Yees. Shrug on a rug, okay?
What is wrong with this man?
You know, George, what am I saying?
What am I saying? Shrug.
Okay. I only want Atlas Shrugged.
Shrugged. Shrugged.
Like Mugged, which is what you're going to get in the minute if you don't cut the crap.
And by the way, that checker got two decimal points smaller.
I just put a ten dollar bill in the envelope.
Atlas Shrugged.
Boy, I sure hope we didn't get dropped or dropped the globe when he did that.
Number Charles Atlas, waiting for your time.
I had those coming.
But my muscle man, Charles Atlas.
That's right. That's very muscular, though.
No, nice he looking.
He looked like Jack Lillin looks like right now, like a 90, 95-year-old man in a jumpsuit.
Yeah, get rid of him.
Spandex pants to do see, man.
Atlas Shrugged.
I'm sure that Eric will hop in on that.
The truth about Greybond's and steroids has got five.
And would have a lot more if Josh wasn't suppressing the votes.
He had Josh's doing the George Bush Dibble on the pole.
The kind of money, Chrisco.
Five.
All the presidents men for.
See the movie instead.
The Godfather for.
That's good.
See people actually read the book because there was even better than the movie.
I know you don't believe me, but it's true.
I believe it.
In fact, even Frater was great in it.
Alistair cooks America for.
Robert Kennedy is times two.
Go ask Alice to smoke a big fat one when you read that.
Letters from the earth, too, by Samuel Langhorne or Twain.
Bush's brain won.
The emperor wears no clothes, the exception to the rulers, and the powers that be all have got the big go out of 646.
We're going to be hard pressed to make 700.
And then it can't be the 700 club without Pat Robertson.
Let's go kill Hugo Chavez right on the ear here.
What do you say?
Or Michael Savage.
Representatives from queer channel.
CBS Radio, Citadel, and Intercom reportedly met this month with.
Alastmaunt, I'm sorry, it's April already.
Holy cow, it's April.
Time is from March and on, man.
Time is March and on.
It's April the third.
Reportedly met last month with FCC officials to discuss a possible settlement over paeola allegations.
Oh my God.
Unnamed sources told Reuters on Friday that the four companies have been tossed to Citadel investigation into pay for play activity.
See, these people ought to be in jail for this, but with FCC all you got to is give them some money.
It's like blackmail, that's all.
Just like all the indecency fines.
Well, they came up with the final settlement number and they paid them off and that was the end of that.
Pay for play activity and the companies may be considering financial settlements with the US government to resolve the matter.
Reuters said that several sources who declined to be named.
The FCC started looking to pay for allegations in August of last year after the New York State Attorney General, Elliott Spitzer, our next president, began to look into alleged violations of radio stations in the Empire State.
I say Elliott Spitzer for president.
He's great from the Empire State.
What?
I'm spitting.
Oh, that's right, he's Jewish.
Like I said, no chance.
One source told Reuters that a metocid had been on a fast track but slowed down in recent weeks.
How about Elliott Spitzer when his running may rust fine gold?
Would you leave him in for a cheerleader?
Boy, one source told Reuters settlement talks have been on a fast track but slowed down in recent weeks because each of the radio companies requested to see the evidence obtained by Spitzer's office before proceeding with the FCC.
The people who put the F and FCC.
Well, F you the FCC, how do you like that?
One source told a news organization the FCC initiated the settlement talks.
Neither FCC representative nor company representative.
Nobody in other words are all-moment.
They're not shaken.
It's embarrassing, okay?
Peola, people went to jail for that.
Peter Tripp, the curly head of kid in the third row of WMGM in New York, 1050 M.M.
Which site of the KMWHN?
What's a jail for that?
Peter Tripp.
And Alan Fried got just about a different one he involved in it?
Sure he was.
Yeah.
6.56 on the pool.
We got to get to 700.
And then we can call it the 700 club.
Now if we do that, can we start taking religious donations?
Speaking of donations, how's that campaign for Manipur Rescue coming?
I'm sorry I asked.
Good.
We got to 21,000 yet?
I don't know.
And don't care.
What you're trying to say?
Yes.
Nice going there, Duff.
Nice to your effort spread as much time going out there as selling his ass off.
Well, I shouldn't have said that.
Welcome.
Wait.
Hey, listen.
Never give it away because then you can't sell it.
Nobody will pay for it.
That's just what Kathy Willett said.
What are you going to do about it?
You ferry.
But anyway, he's, you know, he got it involved in that thing.
And that thing turned out to be a bigger bond than the Japanese saw at the Nagasaki.
And we got like 21 grand or something like that.
Any happened.
Because you people, you know, you don't want this stuff.
You don't want our goods.
It's okay.
We can handle it.
Maybe we'd sell them our beds.
Yeah.
No, that's what I thought was on there.
You don't want our goods.
They're on our website.
It's bigger than hell.
Just like the thing with the pasta, the reimpields.
They're not making any money off of that.
But boy, don't let that confuse them with the fact.
Maybe they don't like it.
It sure isn't disappearing off the public shows just by us.
Most of us, somebody's buying it.
Somebody's trying it.
Maybe they all died from it, you think?
We thought.
Or maybe they're still waiting on the throne for something to happen.
Nah, and it's got extra fiber in case you haven't noticed.
Have you noticed?
Not yet.
But, uh, you will.
Any minute.
You will, Mr. It's got extra fiber.
You're going to be having some moving experiences, believe me.
Hey, if you think you have termites in your home,
you ought to call our friends at Riddett Pest Control.
They ain't get a free termite inspection before your home is long gone.
Riddett Pest Control uses an amazing orange oil treatment
that kills termites and termite eggs 100% on contract.
Contact.
I mean, they're gone right now.
Facts don't even say Tom Rex and idiot.
If you have termites, it's the best possible way to get rid of them
and to say goodbye forever.
You don't have to tint your house.
But that's the way it looks like a carnival in the neighborhood.
Every time I see one of those homes with all the tenting over the top ridiculous.
You don't have to do that with these folks.
No worrying about poison as gas.
No move outs or hotel stays.
No worrying about food or pets in your health.
They treat your home with this amazing orange oil.
And you don't have to leave it all.
In fact, when they're done treating your property,
the only thing left behind is the clean scent of oranges for just a few days.
You'll be inhaling a lot.
It's true if you have a termite problem called Riddett Pest Control right now
and find out about this amazing orange oil treatment that kills termites and their eggs
100% on contact.
No tenting.
No kidding.
Call right now for a free new obligation inspection 1-800-447-4348.
That's 1-800-447-4348.
Be sure to untom the time direct.
To order to call 1-800-447-4348.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69-8.
You're free.
Thanks for watching.
Thanks for watching.
Thanks for watching.
Thanks for watching.
Thanks for watching.
Thanks for watching.
Thanks for watching.
Thanks for watching.
Oh, this is on.
This is not a tumor.
It's the ones that two hours.
It feels like my fault.
One.
Who injectes steroids in my butter and berry bombs?
Like them.
Berry bombs.
One is the uns.
That berry bombs.
If he may fool someone with the eight-koons, be quiet.
Why is everybody trying to drug kiss me?
Who's always taking all the juice?
Who's always acting so ill-loved?
Who throws the board us through the roof?
Very...
Who me?
Yeah you!
Very bombs!
Very bombs!
What's going on?
Rack them!
With very bombs!
From sports illustrating!
Right to the tabloids!
Well, as everybody say, and I take the roads.
101, who now gives a crap?
Oh, look at this.
Somebody says for the poll,
a must-read, behold a pale horse.
Behold a pale hose? A horse.
And it's time Mr. Unknown.
Now do we know a factored by the name of Mr. Unknown?
No, but I know this header. They're chronic.
Oh, see how it looks so fun.
Yeah, that's fine. A pale...
What is it a pale...
A pale horse?
Wait till you hear this.
You better hang on real tight, because you're gonna vomit.
Leave buckle up.
Shock shock! Howard stirs!
I'm not gonna overtake the news.
You're right.
You scared of his life.
How big a burden?
You scared me.
You shocked me.
You threw up a little in your mouth?
Yeah.
The gold.
The gold.
The gold.
The gold.
The gold.
The gold.
The gold.
The gold.
The gold.
The gold.
The gold.
The gold.
The gold.
The gold.
When he died, he got scared and was as she redirected to the
scene, Then excitedly fantastically shocked by how that
feels with the history of God.
Does God fear the mouth?
confrontation with it and presentsLouis first?
That's what you'll see next.
Stop that, you're going to stay in the end, try it out.
cellite radio gavers screaming Howard Forbes 50 allegedly screamed in wave
disarms threatening Stern Nostraski getting right on their faces making them
fear for their lives the source is said when the couple walked away and jumped
into a cab Forbes chased after them with his fist raised and spit through the
Texas open window when Nostraski's face a court complaint charges will you
do in Renfield again yeah Stern managed to call Capsman by the time they arrived
Forbes was gone undaunted Stern hopped into an unmarked police car with
anti-crime cops helped them scour the area for the weirdo lots of way to the
take of spotted man fitting Forbes description about 850 p.m. Stern from the
safety of the unmarked police guard identified for Mrs. Suspect Forbes
who lives in a boarding house in Hamilton Heights was halted the 20th precinct
station house on West 80 Second Street he was arraigned in Manhattan
criminal court last night on charges of 3 to be menacing and secondary
harassment held in $500 bail a representative for Stern who lives with us
Croscum Manhattan could be immediately reached for comment the weekend
menacing incident was not the first time violent fans of threatened Stern 10
years ago this month a shotgun packing man was busted in midtown
after allegedly running after Stern's limousine as it pulled into a studio
loading dock in 99 a man who was pointed a toy gun at Ronald Reagan in the
70s was sentenced to two and a half years in prison for sending letters to
Stern threatening his life the Saturday night confrontation was the latest
object of her Stern were recently complained that not enough of his fans of
violence since he left free radio for uh... pay radio in January
i want to say to my audience you haven't come with me how dare you
we're up to wild crazy stuff that should never sound of better we don't
anything a weekly
how dare you
uh...
he's also battling his old bosses who claim and lost to the improperly plug his
new
serious program and cbs airways
Stern's denounced the loss of this privilege even going on david letterman
make it up
which is right about that
for us is an understanding
out there you get right
shame on you
they're having a hell of a good time don't you want to have a good time
don't want you don't want to pay the listener radio what's wrong with you
god
even maybe fifty cents
you pay for it
not for radio
what should be uh... come up compulsory reading
let's see i hate this poll hundred one i don't read any books eighty five
see what i mean just
sixty nine all we got a real appeal marks to get the seven hundred by two
clock don't we
yes we do we have a trudge
six sixty nine and and not even coming in by the ones they're coming in by the
nuns
they all have that penguin offer they're coming in like with nuns
don't forget the past game a tap at night here on the m thirteen sixty because
uh... it just cause
present our own concocted is that
uh... when i played regular season games they got to be on they take precedence
the panthers take a backseat to everybody
in every respect
and that's because nobody cares about hockey and florida because it's a bunch of
among one sponsor red next
but red next they love their football baby that and this business that
i keep some of the old all about the heat nobody cares about the heat i don't
care what you guys say
nobody cares about nothing
dolphins that's it that's the beginning the enough said
well they are the hot ticket town right now right now as compared to what
as compared to the w n b a
what was the name of that team that lasted about five minutes like i told you
was the name of that dot uh... club
oh my god i don't remember
who that exactly who the hell would who would even know
but you'd like ball who wants to see that crab he said that much of other
dicks
that's who went to the games
i know that
and that's who is playing in the games
well
motorist open fire and health angels biker the soul it was the soul
get out of here
pretty sure they might be sold at the whole your whole yet for sure
the soul in your bowl
can't say put the soul in your whole begin like uh... joys on the phone any
second now
a motorist open fire on a group of health angels motorcyclists along interstate
ninety five in west haven kinetic yesterday
killing one injury another
for kinetic it would have not a good place
you've been there don't really
the biker's retrieving your one of the near we're traveling near the
i think it's close to the u.k.a. that's all that that they're claimed to
fame they're close to the american they got you leave my i like nothing
the biker's retrieving your west haven't around three thirty yes they have
no one they were shot since state police spokesman sergeant jay paul van
probably can do like uh... vanc in your pants and david vanc
police were considering a number of possible orders including road rage
and we're searching for a sport utility vehicle with florida license plates
uh...
Roger mariana is just a little scattered pulled over before realizing you've
been traveling up her torso
he later died and you'll know how to hospital
paul carol thirty seven of the report was raised by bullet
with three of the hospital released
in kinetic of their soapist of the
biker's over there who can blame them
maybe they thought they were from exico
maybe they were like listeners of what's his name michael savage how can he be
on the air it's what i think that's a good question
why would anybody put his ass on the air i'm not saying it is never right to say
any crappy once but how can he still like he for y'all
he moves around more than for all which is saying everything
six seventy seven where we have twenty three votes to go until uh... well i
could even do that i hate this poll
by two o'clock right that's how much they hate it never do it well i know that
it's a lot of it would even do that they don't want to be a touch in it
they don't want to be associated with it
unclean
five six seven o five sixty pound five sixty four residents in your
wireless line
seventy two way in hello
you know uh...
and uh...
uh...
and that's a small website
open speaking of what you're watching issue that's right now he's involved in
another scandal
and it's what you're talking about very bond book is in that they were
tracing back with the road actually started in baseball
they based it on uh... how they can take a when you went to the Texas Rangers
here you go that's where he'd get it about the only that is rangers that
and the other way that you know that
take a guess
right he said that like that was a major revelation that i think i think i
think the revelations in that
like it is written that they've spoken that is uh... much of crap
i mean you people are to this this god thing and we're praying to god
oh that's that's what they fact this morning the story about how prayer doesn't
work we had that i last week right
was on our website i read the story on the year probably reasons to try to prove a
point
oh yeah well a power prayer the lord uh... save me well the other people died on that
plane but the lord saved me uh... well what what a god uh...
he's very selective
maybe the lord was willing to do some hanky spanky with them or something like
that who hell knows
just nonsense just a
praying to god is six billion people caught around this planet like i want to
go out and 90 percent too many
separate us
and where i and he's and he got a lot of a whole bunch of years you know he must
hear his hearing must be better than like a woodpecker must be incredible
now if he said that birds have great hearing birds and bats right anything with
the beat
huh right
anything with the bill like joe bell
i bet he's got good hearing so it took like when i yielded the phone
got here go you know like that
i don't want
uh...
i got nothing to tell you
you know nothing to say
say hi how you do it
i see it
see you around good luck with you how about good luck in your lead it how's that
i'm sure taken their dance we time the only thing that they did real fast is
putting a bunch of little children play billy j cramer can little children play
bright care cramer sing a little children again one moment please now crazy
cramer once he crazy cramer no more remember him
used to be on with him and more
and one hundred there's billy j cramer
this would be the theme song on the seven hundred
little children
see you're making up for last time all of your day didn't hear the song
what we say to you was 1963
sixty fold
correct 64
see to it
that's enough
w.w.w.w.m. hello
q.w.w.m.
more important they call time
and you're not there let us know we're going to how it's a
how dare you how dare you
how dare you
how dare you was the storm is to set
i mean what kind of an attitude is that nobody like saying how dare you not
to buy our cd on the thing you know how d
i mean if you wanted to find if not not i can do about it
you want to have to stop that's great if not
We understand you're cheap. We know that. Learned that over these many years.
How dare you. Like he's going to intimidate them into paying for it. They don't want it.
How do you like that, Howie? They don't want it. They don't want to pay. Listen to radio. Believe me, that whole XM and serious thing.
That's maxed out. You know, there'll be trickling a few more. We trickling in over here over there. That's it.
Didn't I predict that? Now say that. Now sure I would have gone on there in a heartbeat. You bet.
Sure, I would like to talk to more than just the same 50 in bridge that we talked to earlier. We'd like that. We're not going to happen.
And there's that down in BASH again with a BASH rhymes with mustache.
This is Neil Roger. Look at that mouth, man. See the lenses with 5.62 AF.
Thanks for watching.
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
It's 117 at 562.
It's the Bo camper warmup show, Kim Bo camper 2, and a dazzling you with his sports
whatever.
Carbom, more good news for Iraq.
Carbom killed at least 10 in Baghdad.
A car bomb in eastern Baghdad killed at least 10 people wounded 30.
But 30 men.
Others bagged that emergency police sources said today.
The blasts were placed in a mosque in the Shab area.
A mosque again, the man in the mosque.
Also today, government in southern city of Basra killed six Sunis, including a child at
the market.
The advent of the Iraqis are very grateful for the very fine quality of life that we've
given them.
Thank you cards every day.
We're also among the dead who are all related.
We're two police officers and a naval officer.
We'll shot them in naval.
The four gun and open pair from a passing car.
Let's see.
Three US Marines, one set of encoder and combat and an N bar province US military said
today.
2336, that's that magic.
Remember that that told us anybody here?
Anybody count?
No.
Nobody cares.
Just continues going well.
A few people care, but they're all mum.
Fine.
Oh, by the way, nobody got killed in a cargo plane at C5.
The crack, do you see that?
No, I didn't.
They, uh, they're like injuries, but they, they, they, they're over, over, over,
air force based, probably not too far from the overdowns, I would think.
Somebody QAM, hello?
I'm Chef Henry, you know, I'm the, um, on, on demand.
They don't show here.
They're getting crazy.
Yeah, how is that?
What is it?
Sounds like Howard.
Oh, it's, I did sound like Howard in the mail.
Yeah.
Oh, very impressed by that.
Maybe they're replaying it for the fourth time today.
I'm very impressed.
See, that's a response from an idiot.
How dare you play that on our important show?
How dare you, uh, breed the fresh air?
How dare you not like sleep with a Howard blow up doll?
Shame on you.
We got our 700 votes yet or what?
Refreshing.
I don't always mind when he's bedtime stories.
What we ought to do is just cut, cut it totally the morons because that's all we get on
the phone, 90% and look at what Howard's done with that.
695, oh, we'll get our 700.
Don't you feel a lot better now?
We can come back tomorrow again or not.
Oh, geez.
I'm laughing at that coat with Joe when I tell him what you said this morning about.
56670560, Pound, what you said?
Pound 560, they've arrested and figured it around this line.
Actually, just when you've ripped Dave Van Bore, you know, you're, you're just, you won't
take my advice, man.
You're just wimping out.
What is wrong with you?
Nothing's wrong with me.
What's wrong with you?
I'll just sit there with Wim.
I'm not a Wim, but I have no problem with Dave Van Horn.
Van, get the name right.
Dave Van Bore.
Can't even say the name.
I want you to say it once.
Dave Van Bore.
Just say it.
DVH.
No, no, no, no.
Dave Van Bore.
Just say that.
That's all.
No, moving along.
No, he can't even say it.
What do you think?
I think I just got a hot wife.
Now, she's not doing anything with you.
I'm sure that.
Are you sure?
No.
There's got to be some reason.
It's not because he's great on the air.
It's not because they treated him so well up there.
I got any checks from them.
How many checks are getting from Dave Van Bore every month?
Stay, it's just once.
Come on.
You can call it.
Do it, man.
Do it.
I'm a cherd.
Yeah, what's wrong with you?
I'm saying, you know, empty envelope today.
It's not a joke.
I'm saying, we're not.
Huh?
No, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm put your name on it.
I'll say it.
I've never even heard the guy.
Yeah.
Oh, you, you said it.
It's anybody.
You're just a bastard.
We know that.
That's right.
What you're going to have a little impact on Josh there.
He's just too nice.
He wants to be Mr. Nice guy.
Not on this show.
I remember a past.
People who I think suck.
Like, such as Rich, Rich Wallsie, they even were him.
I, I didn't, I said he's not that good last year.
He was a great guy.
Oh, he's not that good.
Come on, he sucks.
Okay, he sucks.
Just say Dave Van Bore once.
You're quite.
Come on.
All right, this is getting boring.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
I heard it.
So we're, I heard it.
I thought, uh, both chopped that up.
Make it nice out of it.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, just a Dave Van.
He already did.
Oh, he did that.
You got that.
Okay, we can piece it together there.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
I know where it is.
We'll make that.
Woo.
5, 6, 7, oh, 5, 6, 8, 8, 8, 8 right now.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Better hurry, George.
He's got his finger on it.
Trust me.
Who's the QAM?
Hello.
Oh, God.
Dominic QYM, that's the chamber guy by the way.
Yeah.
I know George, you know, you spoke a little fast now.
Dominic QYM, hello.
So that's a guy, uh, a guy.
QYM.
Oh, Neil.
Yeah.
Stop, they're going in the Subaru.
What are you going to do about it?
Yeah.
Yeah, it's obviously going to Subaru.
I don't hope they enjoy watching the game.
I know they had tickets.
It's obviously going to Subaru by ants, okay?
What am I going to do about it?
Oh, I don't know.
How dare you?
Boy, I'll tell you one thing.
I really peered about that thing about letting Finn and Tyrion away from the papers.
What was that all about?
What were they thinking, George?
What was that all about?
I don't know, but you're done.
Dave Van, come on.
Dominic QYM, hello.
Hey, Neil, I got a few books for you here in no particular order.
Oh, yeah.
How many is a few?
Like it doesn't?
Three.
The color purple.
The color purple.
Is it the book?
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
And y'all the wild?
Yeah, like that book.
And then the likesacks...
The dual in the booksacks, uh...
I didn't know they read them in trailer parts, did you?
Maybe they got somebody to read to them.
I don't know.
Nice trailer by the way.
Maybe they saw the movie.
56670560, pound 560 on the Verizon and cellular singular webrored webrored webrored webrored
line it is.
WCWAM, hello.
Hain crazy.
No, WCWAM, hello.
Could have fooled us.
Happy Monday.
And back to you.
Happy Paceoff.
Thank you.
Where exactly do they carry that Dreamfields faucet down here?
Publix.
Anywhere else?
Because they hire a lot of Haitians.
Oh, there's that guy again.
Well, guess what?
He's been on the last time.
You're boring.
How if that Cation can ever come along and just beats this not only?
I hate like that.
56670560, pound 560 on the Verizon and cellular webrored webrored lines.
WCWAM, hello.
No.
Yes, sir.
Do you think that the state is going to be?
No, I don't.
WCWAM, hello.
WCWAM, hello.
No.
Yes, sir.
Why I was ripping out Dave and boring and Joseph Gackie's socks and then you know what I
mean?
He hangs socks and boring and he sucks.
Yeah.
And you and him, he's the Cation item one.
Yeah.
He's boring.
Yes.
What would you like me to do about it?
That whip hand too.
He sucks.
Okay.
OK, hang socks.
56670560, pound 560 on the Verizon and cellular webrored lines.
I'll tell him that right to his ear tomorrow on the ear.
I'll tell him you send the regards and he wants some of them.
You want a piece?
70QAM, hello.
Any nail?
Yes, sir.
Hey, did you hear about yesterday the Pope?
They celebrated him?
Yeah.
Yeah, they made it look saint.
They made it look saint, saint Papa, whatever it is here.
He's a saint now, big stinking deal.
Who cares?
He never stole a freight train and he liked his pole of sausage.
That's what the SWH guard said.
56670560, pound 560 on the Verizon and cellular webrored lines.
Oh, he'll pop up.
He'll pop up.
If you want to see what's wrong with the world, just take a look at all of them.
Get skis there at Saint Peter's Square, man.
Just take a look at that scene going on there.
Just like the day they were slapping him around.
He looked like the old, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the
the, the, the, the, the, the, and the, the, a, the, in the nether setting of
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
I
you
you
you
you
you
you
I
I
you
my father. Wow. Absolutely loves you. My mother hates you. Good
time. You could be a bitch sometimes too. That's what I hear. Yeah, I
know she can't God bless her. I just wanted to call up on
this new joke. You days ago about South Park about that douche bag
that. So here we go. Pony mouth. I'm sorry. Didn't mean anything.
I understand that, but I'm not I can't let him go on because
he obviously can say crap. You know, you can't you can't say
D. B. On here. That's not with the FCC. This is what joy says.
And of course our management is so weak need. Oh, we don't have
our lives. Yeah. How long how many years is that going to be
the excuse? We don't have our life. No, the bees these are all
worried. Yeah, well, guess what? I'm not the one that put
for real on here. I'm not the one that puts stern on here, but
I'm the one that's got to take the fall off from it. Okay. I'm
the one that's got to have his balls tied in the knot. It
goes management. This radio station because the ownership of
this station are like idiots. Don't you idiots over there? I'll
take their money. Okay, at least the check cash when they show
up. They are imbecils, man. Yeah, it's like it keeps stealing
cookies out of the cookie journal. All of a sudden daddy says,
you know, you do that again, Johnny. I'm going to like beat the
crap out of you. And guess what? That night, five o'clock
that comes home from work. And Johnny's sticking us, sticking
it up there on a chair. And he's got his hand in the cookie
jar. Well, guess what? And I said he gets back in again. How many
times you have to make the same mistake before you finally learn?
You know what I'm saying? You clowns over there for Christ's
sakes. Am I right? I'm going to kick his ass and then I'll steal
us too. Yeah, that's sort of enough of a lesson. But no. No. In fact,
it would be like maybe dad hired the cookie police to come to the
house every day. And after the cookie police and the kid starts
hopping up on the chair 10 times a day. Well, even the kid must
be a retard. He just died a gluteon for punishment. Maybe
he's not going to be able to do that. He's not going to be able to
do that. He's not going to be able to do that. He's not going to be able to
do that. He's not going to be able to do that. He's not going to be able to do that.
He's not going to be able to do that. He's not going to be able to do that.
He's not going to be able to do that. He's not going to be able to do that. He's not going to
be able to do that. He's not going to be able to do that. He's not going to be able to do that.
He's not going to be able to do that. He's not going to be able to do that. He's not going to
be able to do that. He's not going to be able to do that. He's not going to be able to do that. He's not going to be able to do that. He's not going to be able to do that. He's not going to be able to do that. He's not going to be able to do that. He's not going to be able to do that. He's not going to be able to do that. He's not going to be able to do that. He's not going to be able to do that. He's not going to be able to do that. He's not going to be able to do that. He's not going to be able to do that. He's not going to be able to do that. He's not going to be able to do that. He's not going to be able to do that. He's not going to be able to do that. He's not going to be able to do that. He's not going to be able to do that. He's not going to be
able to jump the tee over next. He's not going to be able to jump the tee over next, he's not going to need to do that. He's not going to be able to jump the tee over next. He's not going to be able to jump the tee over next.
I don't want to hear about it. Just leave me alone. Can't you do that? Can you leave me alone?
We're doing just fine 10 to 2. Before 10, I mean, well, that's another story. And after 2,
I mean, you know, and he's got this, and that memo, that was the end. That was the,
didn't I tell you today that thing came out? That was the end. When we get a memo from our,
Jubile, from our overgrown child program director, that two of his little boyfriends there,
and that the triumvirate are the programming mavens, and they're running the show.
So that's all we already knew that, but to put it in print, to put it in the memo, and
it's like everybody to rub our noses in it. I can still smell it. Oh, God. I've been,
even the elephants there, at the old, a slough shop smell better than that. Combined with
a sawdust, boy, did that make a nice aroma of put you in a coma? See, this is what Preston
hand, his problem is lately. God is punishing him. Sometimes he's a little bit slow, but
sooner or later, gets around to a payback, is a bitch Preston forcing us to sit up there
with those spotlights shining right in my face, sweating like a pig with those elephants
and that sawdust with that show, that three-beam circus right in front of us. And of course,
now, at least it's consistent. We work on a three-beam circus, at least you guys.
Other with that elephant girl was really hot. I couldn't see through the haze. Yeah, I made
it a point. Now, I'll let you do it. Twenty before two at five, sixty, double to QM, hey,
away, maybe before we do the break. As tensions increased, I was going to do this like a spot.
Well, it's well, we haven't got any. As tensions increased between the US and Iran, US
intelligence and terrorism, I sure know all these short breaks today and the trade trade trade.
Let's see, one, two, three, four, five, this hour, six, excuse me, three, six, six. We got
more trade minutes this hour than we got pay spots on here. Nice job there, baby. And
of course, the new guy, well, he just came in, he's still going to speak with everybody's
getting wet. I thought that's what happened when Greg was there.
realizing.
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
right i wasn't sitting on my ass i mean if it's you know like like loose
change i'll sit here watching on my pc it's fine
can enjoy it right you think they're watching how dare you now watch that
how dare you not read our new story how dare you not contribute a few books to
our uh... uh... band-a-peer rescue
how dare you uh... all of these things that's what i want to comment
what a joke
point you have a lot of cuts about no just a gigantic ego just the the biggest
in the world you know i've never seen it and of course those who want to feed
it you know keep feeding it feeding it feeding it
just the sad
very sad
i mean like
the dean used to say alan burq only he was joking when when i'm on the air
nobody else is the i'm but he was joking you know it is a good guy
it was just there was just a stick
now we're not even reaching three hundred uh... new stories and the most
rite i think we're gonna dump these stories here you know we dumped the uh...
for me with this dump the website
except for the poll just do a poll on every day now keep the stories come on empty
envelopes man
empty impact also in your whole your supply of saying the mail this weekend coming up
hold your supply of envelopes
battle bruises porn was in the mainstream this is what they're reading today off
our website because it's got the word porn in it
uh...
the industry's the i-p's mingle political gala's and super bowl parties their
products available on cell phones podcast and especially the internet's
there is an attraction like no other
paid for the lives by tens of millions of americans
it's porno
and if you think you're a consumer
john harmer thinks you're damaging your brain well screw you john
i wonder if he's getting to tell me harm or i doubted time harm make make
you make the rules brother and law
harmer's part of a cadre of anti-porn activists seeking new tactics to find
unprecedented days of porn
which they see as wrecking countless marriages and working human sexuality
you see porn is wrapping countless marriages
the murder
night and well
that it out there
they're urging federal prosecutors to pursue more of senator cases in racing
funds for high-tech brain research that they hope a few loss of things porn
magnet maggots
we don't think it's a lost cause at harmer a u-tob based auto executive
and former politicians been fighting porn for forty years
he's from Utah
or almost polygamist are
we're making babies like even when their daughters to make more babies perverts
the worst
it's the most profit and those political units that show all brother
that was something
it's the most profitable industry in the world is about a convince we
demonstrate the not too distant future the actual physical harm
that pornography causes hold them financially accountable that could be the
straw that breaks their back that could be the jack straw
that breaks the up
poor people back
those perverts you know like uh... al goldstein used to be
all the other ones
the activist adversaries is sprawling industry that by some counts offers more
than four million porn sites on the internet
that just in the u.s. alone is estimated to be worth twelve billion dollars a
year
obviously nobody wants it
attracting firm comm school medium matrix is about forty percent of the
users in the west
visit all sites each month
what do you want to talk about each hour
look at this audience each minute
porn products are featured in popular sex expositions in retail chain such as
hustler hollywood
yet later you can
what a guy
major hotels provide in-room porn and all film stars in our mainstream celebrities
Mary carry a tentative eip republican fund raise and watch the mid-march as we
told you
janitor jamesons how to make love like a porn star hit the best cellar list
and she hopes that errati
raunchy pre-superbowl party in detroit in fibrary
maybe there's a comeback for what's your name
catty willets you think
no
now
fat
exactly as much as there is a national consensus on the evils of kitty porn
there's no whatsoever on foreign featuring adults in market of them it's more
pervasive than ever
in activist experts disagree bitterly over the extent of harm causes
the former vendor team is no promise that Paul Cambridge in will cancel for
the
porn industries at all freedom foundation
there are individuals are going to react at normally to normal material
but it's not a problem for the average person
for every couple driven apart by porn there are other such relationships in
life and he said he dismissed intentions that porn is highly addictive or
brain damaging
some people lie about a camera he said there were
excusing personnel personally unacceptable conduct it wasn't me it was
porn the porn done it the dog done it
now what's the dog doing the night on it
such attitudes inferior experts on the other side of say online porn is as
addictive as crack cocaine online porn crack cocaine how about online gambling
here on the gambling channel the internet is the perfect liver system for
anti-social behavior it's free and piped into your house at Marianne Leiden a
psychologist addiction expert at the University of Pennsylvania internet
porn is probably the biggest miseducation system we can devise in terms of
sexuality and misuse of women she says well I'm not gonna have to worry about
that she says many of her patients rather than improving their sex lives
with porn suffer sexual dysfunction and stayed and it's not your father's
porn they said so i can't just David Greenfield of Connecticut with a little
no effort as long as you have a computer you can access some of the most
stimulating content on the planet there's no delay no uh... what person
watching it's designed to be very quickly get you to point where you're not in
full control haha you're not in full control yeah
oh my god
wow some of the stuff that I've seen on there and I'd like to be in full control
but like a machine gun blown the screen on
well
how makes you want to play that do you think i'm sexy by rod Stewart most of
these people on the our body sexy with his rod Stewart
or maybe even even more little bit not much
how's that pull coming we got seven uh... seven sixty six
and we didn't start this one till eight thirty this morning we if we could
have a thousand if you would like to start it yesterday
i was available to do that because i was here was busy coming back from agro
falls
from the casino
pleasure my guts
living moved people but through sitting there like uh... wedding their uniform
go
yeah young people there are like waiting at your seatbirds and now
someone to a guy is not
their
mother
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
