Yeah
It's been worth my attention that the ratings are dying now
Well, I don't I show you what a big ass and I was to you and how
Yes, don't you get by somebody good enough to fill my piggy pants
And easy
Right now cheers I love it. They come back
Have started considering a lucrative
If you want to know what I'm saying if I'm shutting that transmitted the ground
You
It
Oh
It is great stuff every once in a while there's like a classic that just will live on forever and that's one of them
You know, you just mark it down mentally. Yeah, you're right about that. There is a classic that live forever
I kind of like some of these great young sportscasters like who I don't know like Dave Ann boring
Oh, he's not that young
700 two votes out of these pull already. I think we have that thousand look. I think we're in that's
And I didn't really hear a Hank say that they're gonna have like I will win back on again, do they you need him really say that you know you heard that
It must have been a dream. No, oh we got some speaking of a nightmare bad news from Iraq
The number of US military that well that all depends on who's counting, you know number of deaths is reached
2500 the Pentagon said today more than three years into a conflict that finds well
It was on and on we got Abu Musab that we got Al Zarqawi
We got all that good information. We got them computer dist and we got all these and they run enough somehow kind of bad guys
And so on which is kind of stupid that they're telling people that because it makes you think number one
It's a PR move in number two that they're playing their hand, you know, they're showing a hand to the world wouldn't be better
If they just kept their mouth shut as opposed to saying well, we know where they hang out
We know where they had their meetings. Is what I'm saying? Yeah, but that would be the right thing to do. Oh, well
We don't want to do that. We don't want to say they present precedent for that
Well, we asked yesterday and look at this I didn't even check this out because see when I changed the pool
Generally every day number one. It's sometime that I'm home obviously and number two more important to that is when air ever Eric puts the other one up there
Right after I thanks it to them about 80 times and given the message that come on change it already fat
So but anyway, so I changed it and I printed out the one from yesterday and I didn't even look at it
What's the best evidence? There is no God
1364 votes and looky-looky here comes cookie as McRenore used to say and we still don't know what that means
None no evidence. There's no God because there is a God
271 19.8 percent what did I say? Yes, they want to keep it under 20 percent would be quite an accomplishment
And so you did holy moly that proves there is only
Half the world is starving 245 maybe God doesn't care about that
Maybe is it wants everybody to be on the current carpenter diet?
Come on, God's diet. I don't know. Oh
You're not gonna be starving today now. We got Tommy today or what? Yes, sir
You know what I mean? We're gonna question now. It's a stupid question because we got Ruth Chris coming with food today
That's right. So Tommy is there acting like real enthusiastic
Putting on a good act bad things happen to good people look at us look what happened to wash man
Oh, just as the beginning of the year look what happened to us 243 people said that no one has ever seen God
206 that he's a big I bet he looks like charlotte and hista without this band-ex pants
Do you think I think the early looking guy?
Maybe it looks like Sean Connery think
Or maybe it looks like Peeley Herman John Lennon has been murdered and Michael Bolton lives
29 people said that proves there's no God and I still say that like the other one about the Karen Carpenter died from anorexia
And what's your name Liz? I can't think of her name now Gloria. I said I'm trying to like lock it out
I hate this pool 125 a mere 9.1 percent joy is 5.52. She should run better than that
She's living proof that bitch and prayer seldom gets answered 33. Why do you think that got so few votes?
Maybe people aren't praying hard enough
No, no, but wouldn't you think that that would be proof right there?
I mean they're always praying to their God whichever God it happens to be the God do you're
25 hundred then Americans interact any interest anybody care anybody looked up into a frenzy anyway like riding and protesting in the streets
Anybody saying good-nug with us already?
It just goes on and
It's kind of like the situation here at Q.A.M.
And see what they're doing is they're Joe Biden their time because they realize that tomorrow is my last day before summer vacation
And then that summer schedule and so they just figure wow
We'll get him off our back. He's going away anyway, and you know
Just get the same old still copy on here
And there's no guy that's doing it. He may be a very nice guy this Christian guy. I think Georgia is a thing for him
What does that mean? No, he just he's tell me what a wonderful guy he is. I don't know
Because well, you know, you get people the benefit of the doubt like right when you meet him
You know what I'm saying? Yeah, well, oh like Joe Bell
I heard so many wondrous things about him too in the beginning. Oh my god. This guy is great. He's a radio guy
Oh my but anyway, and this guy well he knows about making a log
I mean I brought better logs this morning than this guy
Well ever make you know, it's why we just do the same spot back to back over and over side by each. How does that sound
32 AM. Hello
See you only got the last
Oh, what's that? It was a great call right there. I know what it was
But what happened there one syllable now that's bad
That was very very weak is that how we're gonna spend today in a mar we actually you know
When you stop and think about it this week the first three days of this week
I mean we've had you know the usual idiots, but we've had a certain number of calls to them and just beyond belief
That would be a good uh, that's such a good way to put my right. Yeah, you're right about that almost as memorable is that all you need is mo
Not quite it's gonna take a lot for that this story
I think is as memorable is that I've actually joystanked to be too happy about this story and
Back in the day, I'd have some interesting sound effects to drop in on this story too, but I don't think we can be doing that right now
Let's see if I could find one
Can't find them they're in here somewhere. Yeah, what is it huh? I wouldn't I wouldn't search for him. Oh
Oh
What
Did you hear something that was Tommy that was a pre that was a pre-reuth Chris
Squeeze
I'm telling you I can smell it all the way up here
Caracas Venezuela, but that's a perfect place for it too. Oh don't ever go there wow
Scientists in Venezuela said they've invented a new user-friendly bean that produces no gas. All right
So you see we don't have to worry about not playing farting sounds anymore because pretty soon nobody's gonna be farting anymore
Do you know I once read I don't know where you know set business about they say whoever they are they say this they say that they
But I once read that if you didn't fart you'd like explode
No, I'm serious. I mean your full your body continues being full of gas and all that stuff keeps a fermenting in your a colon
Yeah, I mean how long can you hold it really it's gonna see pal
No, but that's what I'm saying that's what I'm pointing out if you if you weren't able to release it through your
back dome through that Uranus
You would explode and we got some people around the building where I think around a verge of that
Anyway, the team of scientists from say I am really excited about these new
Before I go on about the farting thing where the hell is that deal?
I already played it at the openness more but it's worth playing over and over again
Because I and the funny part of it is I played it for you this morning
It in the middle of a sudden there and the region on Hank show
There was again, so I guess the big O is really he's got Joe's ear now
Where do you find Napoleon Goughman and the pimples on your ass?
And oh, it's not it
Here it is
Yeah, see that that's I guess that's it if we shout loud enough. I guess that's gonna do it
That's the replica sounds like to me. Wow. That is that's the new deal now
I guess uh like I said that great broadcaster who's I'm most everybody's just like the big oh he's got the year
Oh of management the team of scientists from Simon pull of our university in the capital of Caracas
Said they've discovered a way to remove the agents and beans that cause gas
The process also increases the legumes nutritional value by 97 percent. How do you like that?
I don't like beans though. I'm trying to think of any kind of beans that I like. I don't mind like green beans. It's stream beans
They're okay nothing special like if you go to a nice like maybe Ruth Chris today. I'll bring in some nice
string beans all some veggies on the side with a steak that would be nice
Yeah, usually when you go to a nice restaurant on the side
We get chicken or steak or something like that. There's always like the veggies of the day and there's string beans
I don't have to like this usually got the nice baked potato
Yeah, but also that no not a nice nothing nice about a baked potato. That's one of those deadly nightchades
Anyway, developing countries beans are achieving an important way to add protein to the diet and the be at potatoes
Of course are loaded with carbs. I love even more than that olive oil
That was a good call our last week. Oh, yeah
However, sometimes people avoid beans because of gas because they don't want to offend Joyce
Gas is caused now here you go
Gas is caused when the bacteria and the large intestine break down the food when the food is high in fiber like beans
Gas is formed the scientists said fermenting the beans with a friendly bacteria
Drastically reduces them out of gas in your system the scientists have panned to the rice to the research and its results in a stunning
Waste to put the new beans on the grocery shelf they said the cost for the process are very small
Well, thank God for that
We can all go to Taco Bell and have a big smile on our face as opposed to that sour looking out in the crowded elevator
There's one spot here, man. It is so good. It's for I think Roger's cable
I'm told you about that and they're all in the crowd to elevate the disguise. They're exfarring in a woman like shrivels up for nose
And she's got that nauseated look at her face like she's gonna like swoon, you know, oh, well next time next time it's on play the audio
Really? I thought you liked your job
Okay, here's today's pool
750 votes and guess you know something we could put and coat around a pool every day and she'd win no matter what it was
As long as it's something really full. I hate negative. Who do you think is the most self-hating gay celebrity or politician?
Of course most of these people I don't know if any none of these people except Alice are out of an Andrew Sullivan
They're the only ones that are out of the closet, but the other ones. I think it's a no-brainer. Well Tommy Cruz is in the closet. Yeah, would you on revolta?
I didn't put John revolve on there because uh
He at least he's not holding a press conference every week when I said he's not gay anyway and culture
271 man culture with a big Adam's apple self-hating bike
What am I wasn't?
Tell me
All right Tommy just had your return on no big deal. What did you mean by that? Well you were getting feedback from the main studio now
I wasn't getting feedback. I was hearing Hank doing a spot. Yes, you were but now you're not no worries
Well, what does that mean he had my return your return basically so you can hear the feed when we do uh, you know
From the other studio exactly when we start the show
He's cutting his font for call to it sound like I mean it's not like he's having a hell of a time with it
Anyway, and colder 271 time Cruz over in 35. I hate this poll 88 of course you do mad fudge
She's got 83 you know from the Fudge report
Condoleezza 67 she's another one. It's married to her work. Married to your work means gay
Married Cheney 60 boy. You talk about a sellout Alice Rantell. She's only got 13 small potatoes
Charlie Christa wants to be the first gay Republican governor of Florida 12
Andrew Sullivan 12 and Miss Mark Foley another Republican from West Palm Beach
Nine that's what we got so far. We got over 700 votes already
We got it made in the shade. That was kind of a shock there all of a sudden right in the middle
Miramar the Humphrey's going on Miramar. I thought we were going to take your caller for just a second. Didn't you?
Thought so let's go to Miramar Q.I.M. Hello
Q.I.M. Miramar
Miramar okay
There's an I agree with you about and culture but you got it. She's hot as hell. Oh, yeah, she's hot as hell
How is the word man if she's hot thank God that I'm an old fag. Okay good golly
14 past 10 course you sounded here that little bit of it
He's sounded a bit like the big oh he had a little bit of that Spanish baby talk sounds to him
You know you know what that means don't you ferry you know lobster fest is back here
We Friday through Sunday at the animal coast the best Chinese buffet in South Florida with three locations for you
There's animal coast in sunrise temper pines in sunny hours beach and this week is a perfect time to slurp that along to the Amal Coast to give me a real treat for
Father's day take that out for that special dinner this weekend the Amal Coast over a hundred different items
Featured on the Amal Coast the face so try them all start out with six gourmet soups
Then go for the New York State grill to order just the way you love it juicy and delicious
Handcar prime rib there's a sushi bar and all the traditional Asian dishes
You love as well as a salad and shrimp bar and you won't even know what to eat next to the Amal Coast
There's so much food and their dessert bar spectacular during the week
But on the weekends be sure to check out the 40 inch chocolate fountain
It'll make your mouth water as you hand it to strawberries marshmallow cheesecake
Other decadent treats and loads of milk chocolate for dessert while you'll waddle out of this place man
Dad will have a big smile on his ugly purse a perfect ending to a real feast at the Amal Coast
Which uses by the way only healthy cholesterol fecanol oil and never any MST and no another crap like some of the restaurants right next door to the building there
You know I'm talking about I don't want to use the initials
Bring the whole family to the Amal Coast this weekend and especially you make reservations for Father's Day this Sunday by calling 954
572 38 22 a lot of imitators out there, but they eat nothing like the Amal Coast Chinese buffet 954
572 38 22
This is new
Rouser on solid this is 5.69
2.8
2.8
Rock solid
All right
Also living out of control
corporate goals at the regulation
Trainers get every pass to run like our old road
Who we got in the nation of playing
You're loyal to keeping distance and worry
You find a limit to the world
Well, they didn't hide through under the bottom of my watch
In the
Bowl
We doubt if I'm familiar with my hands, good Christian soldiers would help.
Well, dear, hey, in life, that's a really hard work to do when you're alive.
Well, hey, in life, you let them be quiet, keep quiet in your life.
And hey, in life, you let them be quiet, keep quiet in your life.
Thank you.
I think if we played just like New QA sounder and audio news mo until to a clock, we get a 90 share.
I couldn't be wrong about that, but I don't think so.
I think since the production director is sitting with us, he might add it, you know, over the real thing.
Sounds just the same.
Yeah, only it's got like a little of the mole factor in there.
You've heard the Orribee factor.
This is like the mole factor in there, a little.
That's a good one.
A lot of it doesn't it?
That's just that touch of greatness.
It is.
He's touching it.
Maybe it's Dingo Buries.
770 votes on the pool.
I think we're going to make that thousand again today.
I do believe that.
Let's take a look at that schedule of Marlins.
The next Wednesday, he won a Gamlaes night, holy moly rat man.
Four in a row.
They have one four in a row.
They won 65 on an error by those sinking braves.
The braves are sinking and sinking.
Yeah, they're turds.
I'm sure both of you guys watched that hockey game last night.
I got to tell you, I saw the overtime.
No, I saw it.
Time.
Powerplay.
Caroline.
Moving on.
Let's play some hockey.
I was talking.
And here's a quick.
And a good runny.
Stars.
I was going in and gold.
For a plus Johnny.
And me at the top of the earth.
Come on, Orribee.
Oh, right.
Out of the ice.
And they are celebrating a huge win here tonight.
And Raleigh North Carolina.
And that's good.
Orbob Cole, at least you knew what city he was in last night.
That's the steppin' or right direction calling.
Anyway, so Edmonton, amazingly pulls it up.
They didn't look like they were going to want it.
Look to me like it was curtains.
And my buddy, Whitney had another gold last night
for the Hurricanes.
And a boy, Ray, she even off that stupid beard, by the way.
Makes you look like crap.
But anyway, that guy who passed the puck
to when it before got stolen.
Yeah, guy ought to be shot.
Because you just like, stillman.
He loved, stillman.
He just like, he was like, he was like,
there was Eric Stollett that lost the puck.
It was just that it wasn't his fault though.
It was a stupid pass right at the blue line.
Yeah, I didn't understand.
And Pisani, good Italian boy, goes in there and about
up being nice shot.
And just when Edmonton looked like they were done,
all of a sudden they came back.
Just when they thought they were out, they got pulled back in.
So the series goes back to Edmonton tomorrow night.
That's the big game.
Of course tonight in South Florida,
everybody's whipped up about,
and we got that panel on there again.
I thought Mad Dog said he would never have guests on a show.
Actually, he's been having guests for a while now.
Yeah, I know that.
And it seems to me that he must have really
wimped out.
They must have like a debalder,
declawed the Mad Dog.
And I wonder he's got like a one share there.
That's bad.
Because he realizes just like some of the rest of us
realized a law many years ago, the guests are like,
you're already narrow-casting.
Now if the audience isn't interested in whatever
this stupid ass guest like I were a windbag,
well, what's he going to say about the game tonight?
Is he going to say anything that's going to like
educate you about this game tonight?
No.
That it's a must win,
but a bit bit of up and whatever else, you know?
Of course not.
You've heard him say the same crap 80 million times.
Plus he sounds like a little girl like that.
You know, we already got that this afternoon.
Well anyway, here's that schedule.
Geldie 2 to 4 of course,
because he and Robert are doing it.
Mad Dog 4 to 630 and he's got that panel.
It's like, see, I don't get that stuff at my schedule.
Because I guess they're afraid I'll make fun and ridicule it,
which I will.
And I'm really disappointed in that.
Should I have them send you up a liner?
No.
Marlins on deck at 630.
Marlins in the Braves.
It's the third and final game.
Guesters coming to the town this weekend to play the Amarlins.
You know what I don't know.
Can I tell you?
Please.
Let me give you a clue.
The Rodger Center, formerly the Skydome.
Where am I sitting right now?
That can't be right.
Well, it's what it says in my schedule.
Is that right?
I said, who's coming to the town this weekend?
It says in my schedule Toronto Blue Jays.
Wow, I'm checking.
Well, what do you mean by that?
You're checking.
Well, what the hell does that mean?
I believe you I guess.
Who are you?
Check it?
Toronto Blue Jays tomorrow Saturday and Sunday.
And you have to play the Marlins.
Blue Jays, they have it in a pretty good year.
They're in fact, I don't follow it.
I'm not going to pretend that I do.
But most of the season,
so far, they've been only like two, three games
behind the Red Sox and the Yankees.
Yeah, they're in the wrong division, but yeah, they're okay.
What do you mean by that?
Meaning the Red Sox and Yankees
win it every year.
Oh, another one doesn't win it.
It gets the Wild card.
Well, that's like the Marlins' excuse.
I mean, they'd be right up there
if they were like in the division
with the Pirates and Kansas City if they were all together.
Well, not this year, but in the same league.
At any rate, you're making that Braves' excuse.
The Braves win it every year.
Not the way they're playing right now, though.
Let's get sports intensive.
Let's play this is a whole hockey game from last night.
Sports.
Let's make clearance happy anyway.
Although hockey, I think, is not in his vocabulary.
I don't think he's a hockey guy, clearance.
All the way where he would get the puck out of here.
The White House announced this week
that President, the way through to here,
there's Japanese diplomacy is getting all shook up.
This fits in.
This is what the whole world is all about.
You don't know whether to cry or just pee in your pants.
The White House announced this week
that President Bush is taking the Japanese Prime Minister
and Big Time Elvis Fan, Junichiro Koizumi,
to Memphis, Tennessee, for a pilgrimage to...
Elvis?
Graceland.
I wish we had Paul Simon on Graceland.
I'm sure I probably do on Maya iPod.
The tip to the Rock Legends estate is scheduled
for June 30th.
Dr. D. Man.
Day after the two leaders are scheduled to meet the White House.
Bush enjoys telling Koizumi's love of Ellis
Presley as part of his stump speech.
Said Tony Snow, the President and Mrs. Bush
look forward to introducing the Prime Minister
to the beauty and warm hospitality
of the people of the volunteer state.
Well, that's the state that Al Gore is from Tennessee
and of course Bill's Fist.
Oh my God.
How do you like that?
Hm.
He's taking him to Graceland.
Wasn't that the epitome of what America's all about
is Graceland, wouldn't you think?
I know you're not a big Elvis fan.
I'd say that's an understatement.
Ah, well, for...
Putting aside your personal prejudices, okay?
Just because he was a Southern Yahoo.
You don't watch him.
I'm going to play this all day.
Double-yellow.
Two.
Two.
One.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Ah!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
This is Neil Rogers.
Oh, right.
This is 5.
Sixty-two-eighth.
Can I brought you dead celebrity concerts?
5.
Sixty-w-Q-A-M in Miami presents your chance
to win an all-expense paint trip
to Calier City, Florida.
Yes, if none other than prestigious poppano,
along the winding glen of Powerline Road,
it's the land of Pesto, Purple,
and Seagrade Greenhouses
named for the congenial game show moderator,
Pag Calier.
You'll stand the luxurious half of what remains
of the day's in conveniently located off the turnfights,
where you can relax and sip a Mickey's Digmouth
at the edge of an exit rep retainer fund.
But wait, there's more!
Winners will receive a $100 shopping spree
at the abandoned Jefferson's on Hollywood Boulevard.
All you have to do to enter is write a 560-page
thesis on the correlation between sports fanatics
and blatant homo-sexuality.
And if you can make our program director hear this sound,
then you win an all-expense paint trip to Paradise.
Another bogus offer from the misguided management of
the
Pag Calier's
in the
home of the
home of the
home of the
home of the
home of the
home of the
home of the
home of the
home of the
home of the
home of the
home of the
home of the
home of the
home of the
They're all either getting drunk ready for the big game tonight or they're all out of
town.
They got any brains.
They vanished long time ago.
We will take Zidane calls out of the between now and two o'clock, even though I have this
huge pile of muy important, they story is very important.
George Bush is six years in office have so damaged the image of the West that people
worldwide see Washington as a bigger threat to world peace than Tehran.
Then the Iranians for crime, I'll explain according to a global poll.
The Washington-based Pew Research Center in a poll of 17,000 people in 15 countries between
March and May found more people concerned about the US presence in Iraq than about Iran's
alleged nuclear weapons ambitions.
The Pew Center said this by growing concern over Iran's nuclear ambitions, the US presence
in Iraq has said at least as often as Iran and in many countries much more often and
some countries much much much more often as a danger world peace.
The survey carried out annually shows a continued decline for support in the West since
99.
The US image from up to the 20th century has been relatively positive, beginning being
rarely identified with democracy, human rights and openness and spread criticism from the
left which reached a height during the war in Vietnam and a residual suspicion in the
Muslim world in the rag head world.
But even in the UK Washington's closest ally, favorable ratings have some from 83% in
99 to 56% this year, it's not too good.
Patent is similar in France down from 62% to only 39% Germany from 78 to only 37% and
in Spain, Espanya from 50% to only 23% in Espanya, how do you like that?
In Muslim countries with which the US traditionally has enjoyed a good relationship such as Turkey,
a member of NATO and Indonesia, there have also been slumps.
In Indonesia, favoring for the US have dropped from 75 to guess what?
530,000.
100% and in Turkey from 52 to only 12%.
It's all because of Iraq, Carl Doreti, Associate Director of the Pew Center said he added
it was a sign of how dangerous a racket to the US image that in spite of a common cause
between the US and Europeans on Iran, there have been no improvement in the American
position in Europe.
How do you like that?
Turkey 52 to 12%.
I mean, pretty soon it's going to be like our numbers, that have a minus in front of it.
That's bad.
WQAM, hello.
Hi.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, I was just wondering, where are you going for vacation?
Are you writing a book?
No, I was just wondering, I heard you were going up to Tampa.
That's right.
You're going up to Tampa?
Down to Tampa, yeah.
No.
No.
Hey, another question.
What the hell do I want to, what do I want to go to Tampa for?
I just can't even tell everyone what's going on.
56705, I would be over there, that's better than that.
I just can't, oh my god, get your finger out of your nose pal, okay, people are starting
to talk.
My god, and starting to bleed too a little bit.
Good, got to me Miss Molly, redneck.
That's the one thing, I guess if I went out to Alberta, like to Calgary or Saskatchewan,
you know, if I'm planning redneck and Canada, but my god, I just, I don't miss redneck's,
yeah, do not miss that at all.
There, I mean, nothing, I said, you know, there's too many homeless people like I said,
I'm too much of that curry smell.
Oh, man, too much of that heavy curry aroma, put you ass in a coma.
WCYM, hello.
Hello.
WCYM, hello.
WCYM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hello, my radio effect.
Hey, I just thought you know, some good news.
I will be having dinner tonight with Chris Bush.
Yeah, okay, we don't care.
I'm either the sea.
WCYM, hello.
QAM.
Ever tried a St. I's ashell?
WCYM, hello.
I got a smoking.
Yeah, why are you smoking, you smoke?
WCYM, hello.
Sound like his boyfriend was strangling with a phone cord.
We can only hope.
QAM.
WCYM, hello.
QAM.
Intellectual line.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, Shaq line.
Shaq line.
Hey, it's been about five years since I had talked to you.
I was just wondering, what's the point of the story?
I was just wondering, what's the point of the story?
I was just wondering, what's the point of the story?
I was just wondering, what's the point of the story?
I was just wondering, what's the point of the story?
I was just wondering, what's the point of the story?
I was just wondering, what's the point of the story?
It's kind of boring.
Don't forget, smoking a boring.
Ira is going to be on the mad dog show and fading again.
And also, did I hear Eric Reed's going to be on again, talking to her teeth?
Oh, God.
You know, I don't know why they just don't give them the keys to the freaking Kingdom already
for Christ's sake.
It seems to me that they have.
It's turned to radio station over to the big old, clearance, Ira Windbag, Eric Reed and Randy Puffund.
Holy crap, rap man.
That is, that's scary.
This is New Ray Jim.
I think the only solution man is a hitman.
812 votes on the pool.
Who do you think is the most so-hating gay celebrity or politician?
And Colter 294.
Man Colter.
And Adam Zappel is biggest of watermelon.
Tom, I'll list it's a fruit.
Tommy Cruz picking her fruits.
You fat.
145.
You ain't fooling nobody, Tommy.
Nobody.
I hate this pool.
95.
Probably all in the closet.
That fudge, she's got 92 from the Fudge Report.
Condoleezers got 70.
Mary Cheney, 65.
Andrew Sullivan.
Oh, it's a big drop off after Mary.
Andrew Sullivan only, and you wonder why that's because most people don't know who these other people are.
Andrew Sullivan, 14, Alice Randell, 14.
Charlie Chris, she's got 12.
She wants to be your next governor, Republican McQueen.
And Mark Foley, Republican Queen Congressperson, Congress lady from Palm Beach County.
She's got 11.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69 AM.
I remember this golden gasser.
Wonderful.
WQAM.
I don't see a bad crack, but that fairy has to say.
You see what the whole thing said?
I'll have you know.
I know what I'm talking about.
I'm recording at the condo.
I text the elevator down.
And on my way to the car when I pull my golden basket out, I give a free condo.
The door is a vacuum towel.
The door is a vacuum towel.
The door is a vacuum towel.
The door is a vacuum towel.
The door is a vacuum towel.
The door is a vacuum towel.
The door is a vacuum towel.
I'm just a door in the back of town.
Why you lose?
I've got a lot of you spoiled old bulls.
I know I've been taken a throne on a Caduce.
Why you have an old adomage on rules?
I've had to enjoy.
That is all rules.
You bet it's all I've got today.
It's a bad issue when I take you place.
I know I ain't no end-play with you.
But when they drop my voice, we'll change.
You little smoothies.
You little smoothies.
You little smoothies.
You little smoothies.
You little smoothies.
You little smoothies.
You little smoothies.
The most important question today on this Thursday.
What time is the food show on up?
I wish I knew.
What's your Gary Sarners involved in that?
Cross your fingers, your legs, and your eyes.
Say a few brookas in the Hebrew.
Maybe it'll show up.
He touches the entrance to the instant.
You know what?
833 votes on a pool.
We're going to have a thousand by noon.
I feel.
I could be wrong about that.
But I am.
It sounds right to me.
On a Thursday in the middle of June, on a day when the heat
is going to be a lot of fun.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
I'm going to have a great time.
It's a guy.
Oh my.
Right.
She's got a gigantic organ.
No question about that.
No.
I really do have a pure poll.
No.
Okay.
It's a world that's your well.
5667.0560.
She plays it in church on Sundays.
We don't know which church because she lies about what church she goes to.
In fact, she lies about everything.
Just another pawn of the far right of these lunatics.
They used to be, I've told you this for years now for the last six years anyway.
These are the same people.
They used to be on the fringes of American society.
They right-wing the wing nuts.
The...
The little bit crowd.
You know Pat Robertson and Falwell and James Dobson and Mancoder and Laura Ingram and all these other right-wing crazy people.
And now they're running the country.
They stole two elections and do a very good job of that.
If they did a good job of running the country as they do with stealing elections, man.
We've been good.
We've been good.
We've been good.
We've been good.
We've been good.
We've been good.
We've been good.
We've been good.
We've been good.
We've been good.
We've been good.
We've been good.
We've been good.
We've been good.
We've been good.
We've been good.
We've been good.
We've been great.
Youłącz.
Find him and see him.
He üTS Where you go.
gga
You're going with him now.
Well, say nice to him.
little parody on these sports collars man the sport you think our collars are
bad sports there's only ten of them the sports collars now let's see a couple
weeks ago I was asked about that dark-complexed guy that calls all the time
they call for years I am Carl is that his name I think his name is Carl I don't
know I mean I know a guy named CJ no no maybe there's I don't know Carl
sounds a little a lady like to me I don't know I got kind of a high-pitched squeaky
voice of course we like high-pitched squeaky voice just ask Tommy Tommy's a little
on this squeaky side a little bit a little bit the difference being that we
like Tommy's there are people in the building who have high-pitched squeaky
voices that we're in not too crazy about so that's really what a force
down is a popularity contest now that the big oh oh my god yeah that's what I
hear that's the room around the building is that he's got the bosses rear and he
is really whispering things into it I mean in fact wouldn't surprise me when I
come back you know on full schedule after labor day assuming I come back that
we're like doing all Spanish sports all day that's what the big oh has in my
incandescent from candle or maybe from a sweet water would be good gotta get
that Hispanic audience Joe we gotta get that Latino water yeah right sure we
do WQ I am hello hello yes sir hey this meal it sounds like me yeah did you see the
part on young ranch at this morning did I see it did you hear it no I did not it sounded
like crap yeah what's new about that foodie caca yeah oh at least they're
consistent five six seven oh five sixty Tom five sixty oh and he always in the
stuff that's why today I and when you expect it don't you understand it always works
this way did we realize today and tomorrow is last you know I'm going on
vacation and they're only going to get Tuesday and Thursdays and it for three
months in a summertime then they have George the badger on Monday Wednesday and
Friday all summer as far as I'm concerned personal it's the last couple of days
to like bond with me don't you understand yeah I get it but we haven't got we haven't
got a real call yet get out of here we had one or two no yeah we did
you know you call them you at a number two for like the first three seconds of the
call no no couple of calls ago it was like a real guy in there I'm wrong with
how he was talking about it was pretty boring but maybe a real call and then the guy
before this one was okay that little Julio guy talking about man colder what was
wrong with him so sorry you better lighten up a little bit man when once you
start screening the calls I'm sure there'll be a lot better though so that's your
alternative you know you can either start screaming them that's of course to me
is really screening phone calls on talk shows and putting names of
crawlers on here that that's like having guest time you know it went out with
knickers it's bad bad radio you have a right what about yeah why don't you
screen some calls mr. Schmuck I'm gonna start right now go don't don't you dear
don't you dear if you want that state today you better keep your hands off
that instrument and the phone too okay okay cut the crap WQ I am a
screen line hello oh this is good all right we're getting hooked up with
somebody here I think it's gonna be a three way I'll be man nobody home
give us a machine or something here's a good machine mine come in the Q.A.M.
hello Q.A.M. no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no WQ.A.M.
hello no show hey yeah I was wondering you can farm I heard weaver the weather
man was on his deathbed while we're doing now let's see his deathbed he's got
cancer he's in the hospital I had that on a few days ago but don't see
his own deathbed that's okay that's why I'm calling you from other article
I read there he's not in real good shape but it's really a shame he's a great guy
and that goes back to that whole God business again you know bummer what kind of
cancer do you know I we don't know okay thanks we wish him all the best
man nasty on his deathbed but I see you know light enough a little bit sweetheart
my god hey that's offload of man we're relentless oh by the way the Neil Rogers
croak you that you heard any croak that old fatty it's just just a no seriously
just so many hostile angry people I don't know and it's an end of contrast
between the people here or maybe if anything a little bit too polite you know
I'm saying but but I rather have too polite than too hostile believe me any day
of the week I'll take this I mean you can be like 60 yards behind somebody going
off the building here and they're holding the door for you feel like oh I better
hurry up you know practically having a sprint to the door so that they don't
feel bad holding the door for you gotta put a move on yeah you got a bust of
movement 861 votes on the pool man colder she's kicking ass even
Tommy Cruz can't catch that man which might be the first time this is Neil Rogers
Tommy Cruz you have a 5.62.8. This is the Neil Rogers show this is your brain
go go go go go go go go and question this spring some station will give you
cars some stations will give you cash but this station is going to give you
something that really cow because this station is going to give you a great
body just be the 10th caller when you hear this and you'll be the membership
in our free weight loss program we'll send a station representative to your
house to lock you in the bathroom for 2 or 3 months that's right although water
in two days you can eat come July you'll be looking shy and you'll have the
brightest smile on the beach this station accepts no responsibility for minor
complications resulting from our weight loss program like protein deficiencies
rickets scurvy or death get ready for swimsuit season and don't forget to
floss you who is think for your chance to win it's 11.02 at QAM and don't
forget we got to get to a thousand by noon today we don't really have to when
it would be nice wouldn't be a feather in our cramp you got 873 already we
127 in this hour we should be able to do that it's like two a minute absolutely
of course that's more than we got listening but nevertheless I guarantee you
one thing you won't hear that all you need is mode bit on the OJ juice some
Mcduffie show and Sydney Burstine what's his name said Burstine is
Rhodes and Crancia but what's his name Ben a Rothless Burger Ben Ken Svan he's
out of the hospital go to it again Ben you idiot so nobody fast in this article
this is the one that all is I better not read it then probably stir up a whole
bunch of stuff a controversial children's book about Cuba or is Miguel when we
need him and similar books from the same series about other countries will be
removed from all day county school libraries after a school board vote yesterday
that split Hispanic and on his bad members in an incendiary political atmosphere
incendiary oh man as in unababa Grande there's a lot of that word incendiary
I do when South Florida especially because everything else is like
chromatos so incendiary means like wow they're like all whipped up into a
frenzy kind of like when you see the the house of the the parliament here
meeting or like in the British parliament they're pounding on the table and
they're screaming and carrying on only the Cuba book Vamos a Cuba and its
English language counterparty visit to Cuba were reviewed through the
pictures like the appeals process some board members who voted for the band
admitted they've never seen other books in the series which feature 24 nations
including Greece Mexico and Vietnam none of works have been formally
objective to by anybody basically it paints life in those 24 countries with
the same brush with the same words said board chairman Augustine Barrera who
said he read most of the books as part of the 6 to 3 vote the board overworld
two review committees and superintendent Rudy Croube all of whom are decided to
keep the book the decision directed crew to replace the series of more detailed
books saying more of what they wanted to even long-time district officials
cannot remember any previous banning of a book by the school board and the
American civil liberties union said it was prepared to file a lawsuit
challenging the decision which the school boards own attorney said would be
costly crazy people in date County again you wonder why everybody's
bailing on you you date County people everybody wants out no spigot English
a key okay man oh man next thing it will be having like a one of the Cuban
singers back in the date County again and I'll be carrying on the green
teeth will be carrying on throwing rocks in the streets or selling rocks to
get sell your crew this unfortunate decision is a throwback to a Miami of
several decades ago when the battle about freedom in Cuba's ways to frequently
about first member rights in Miami said Howard Simon executive director of the
Florida ACL and you he said the district should work to collect more material
with different viewpoints not remove the controversial books district officials
were unsure how many copies of other books in the series their were but schools
had 49 copies of the book on Cuba it was Cuba there we go again how can I
China could a Cuba stuff worse early on when we need a little alien to have a
G. he read those books that's probably why he went back with daddy probably got
her than happy meals turn his guts out I like that thing with those trans facts
the KFC would not agree to story that was a great story it became the target of
controversy earlier this year not the KFC but the book when the father of a
a Marjory Stoeman Douglas Elementary student complained about the books Rosie
portrayal of life in fiddle casters Cuba the Cuban people have been paying a
dear price for 47 years for the reality to be known said one Amador Rodriguez
probably came to George a former political president of Cuba who filed the
original complaint which was denied and subsequent appeals a 32-page book
cannot silence that but in his final appeal to the school board the majority
members decided it's inaccuracies and omissions made it inappropriate for
its intended kindergarten the second-rate audience a book that misleads confounds
or confuses has no part in the education of our students most especially
elementary students who are most impressionable and vulnerable said board
member pro-Lots of Boris Hanuman opponents of the band said it was 10
months of censorship but politically on savory speech something specifically
barred by the US Supreme Court or all confused people in day county with the
Supreme Court they don't pay no attention that kind of crap what is
a county have to do with the US anyway next week we'll have another complaint
about another book from another groups that board member Evelyn Greer if the
standard is applied will go through every book in the system banning books and
date baby that's what's going on right now we can't play fart sounds and
date County can't have books that they I don't like legal experts said the
board's action appeared to be unconstitutional unconstitutional not the first
time in 1982 Supreme Court case ruled that school boards have wide discretion
to determine which board's go on shelves but that discretion may not be
exercised in a nearly partisan or political manner the high courts ruling in
that New York case board of education versus Pico said in an example of an
appropriate book banning if an all-white school board motivated by racial
animus decided to remove all books out there by blacks advocating racial
equality and integration courts typically give school boards more discretion
choosing instructional material said Simon Simon said he could envision a
perfectly reasonable judgment they made a removal book that wasn't considered
age appropriate however he said the court was adamant that books can't be
removed because of content amador Rodriguez's appeal was originally limited to
the Cuba book at Martin Restoneman Davis Elementary but board member Anna
Revis Logan amended the bill to cover the entire series in the entire
district we are rejecting the professional recommendation of our staff
based on political imperatives that have been pressed upon members of the
board said here would you install them in stinson and martin carp in voting
against removal martin carp the board's action doesn't affect the dozens of
copies of the Cuba book found in browards schools or public libraries in both
county if you want to be happy maybe move to broward you got to be in
Florida move to broward am I right yeah they're grades went up the
brown that's right I saw that they did phenomenally well there was no F's of course
I think most of the results were fixed but nevertheless a phenomenal job and
I was going to be out on your kids in board member Frank Boyano
but out of the on yours I'm sorry Frank Boy on yours tried to persuade the
board to move another controversial Cuban kids which portrays life in post
revolution or Cuba is a veritable paradise paradise but that effort was defeated
in a six to three vote with the majority unwilling to act unless the parent
files a formal complaint act oh well there you go what are your parents out
there no spaghetti glaze file a complaint get your green teeth all flashing
activists at the meeting promised to begin that process today were the handful
of schools that has the book to them kids see there you go the board did
have a here it is 2006 and they're still doing the same crap man the same
crap it will never never never end and you wonder what is like this hostility
that exists down there why people are just flying out of Dave County and never
gonna stop only in the banana republic baby only in Miami that's it you got it
and by the way get that Iroh off your show man dog if you have any if you have any
desire to survive there any instinct to survive get that squeak mice
through off the air got all mighty wait wait we have been taken hostage I think
what we ought to do is put out a call to the public to save us this radio station
has been taken hostage by Iroh Windbag we need help we all know the question
about that that thought continues going through my mind especially since the
beginning of the year I keep thinking over and over yeah so I keep thinking
anyway there you go that's the latest the through ha ha in Dave County there
ain't no ha ha about it man often funny about that crap say well stuff all this
crap about you know they just don't want to get it you want you're so crazy
about America then get with it get with what's left of it which ain't much
I want to show the bush mustard would approve that plus his fat ass brother
your governor look at that pull maybe 885 at one point before the show we had
six six six I just thought I mentioned that anybody seen the old man yet the
new one I hope not no no one seen no do you bring that movie in for Tommy or
is a Georgia and do that George got it yeah George has it I guess standing in
the show's a moton Tommy or like it guarantee he's a music guy he's a musician of
sorts who do you think is the most self-hating gay celebrity or politician that's
our poll today man colder with that big Adam Zappel and that big apparatus
321 she's got a big asperatus Tommy Cruz 185 come on Tommy you fairy come out
I hit this pool 100 Matt Fudge she's got 97 you know from the world famous
Fudge before or she does a lot of fudge it on there make stuff up kind of
easier 78 Mary Cheney 70 the daughter you're a Nazi vice president Mary Cheney
Charlie Christ Christ 14 Andrew Sullivan 14 Andrew Sullivan that bald head
bag you know the ones on TV all the time you know who that is no Alice Rantell
14 and Mark Foley Miss Foley or Palm Beach County representative Republican
the Queen she's got a dozen the dirty dozen one can't even begin to imagine 888
that's what I was hoping for I was telling her my little bit to 888 that good
that's great that's even better than 666 I think you get like a two for one
any Christ for that any word on the food yet no no word boy where's that word
because you guys are probably when it gets to be new and the food isn't there
you're gonna start a little bit nervous aren't you that would be bad well you
already got me nervous you know reminding me that the whole Gary Sarner thing
yeah see anything Gary Sarner now I'm like my nails you know usually it's you
know it's a nice and a way to have it Tommy knows that because Tommy of course
does production although he probably never gives you any copy to record anyway
does he very seldom man he copy into him he don't do no copy he just takes
whatever the agency since him like a piece of charm and he hands it passes it
along that's it here you go make magic with this guys and make sure it's kosher
too 70 Q.A.M. Hello well it drops really day
W.A.M. Hello Q.A.M. That was the boyfriend Q.A.M. Hello the way is God what is it the
Wayne way to it's a one learn how to speak the language you more the Wayne the Wayne
in Spain falls mainly in the U. R.A.N. let's get with it you idiot the Wayne
there you go there white hot look awfully I tell you one thing if they're white my
TV must be going bad I've been screened Samsung the LP TV must be going bad
to say look off the dark complex it to me those white hot heat now there any
like white starters on the team because I I couldn't tell anybody else in the
TV side show the Wayne Wade who's that well the point guard Jason William
she's a he's a white boy Jason Williams that doesn't sound like a white name to
me they're all they call him J. Will so they got to make them feel welcome they
call J. Will they can blend it yeah I mean J. Will won't yeah mean yama yama mean
well I would you be speaking oh my god well what is this all about man what
are the Raptors things so bad it's 11 13 I just thought I mentioned it Raptors
sucked least suck how long is the playoffs by the way same as those panthers we
love the panthers wait can you see my pool tomorrow you're gonna get all whipped up
about that but I'm gonna get that can tell you maybe a little easier no take
to yourself cruising the waters of this game they have sunset the Miami
Skyline off the bow Miami Beach behind you and that only knows what else
behind you but wait you don't know the boat that may be the best news of all call
club narco right now rent one one eight hundred boat rent that's the number
to call the new club narco on South Beach and keep his scan they've got
top of the line C-ray boats ready to rent I mean like right now pronto Tonto
exhilarating power boats new models prepped and waiting for you and these are
C-rays the Mercedes of boats call one eight hundred boat rent and club
narco will get you hooked up join the club of club narco and save even more
boat rental after boat rental they do all the work for you no preparations no
docking fees no maintenance no cleaning up when you're done no hassles whatsoever
considering the cost of owning a boat you can't afford not to choose the new
club narco and South Beach and keep his game this is the smart way to go the
hassle-free way call one eight hundred boat rent right now you could be out there
having a great time as soon as this weekend club narco they set the standard
on the seas call them today and one eight hundred boat rent this is Neil Roger
Dota Dota and hence his five 6C
Ble
plays record
This hair is a mojave de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de
de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de
de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de
de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de
de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de
de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de
de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de
de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de
de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de
de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de
de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de
de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de
de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de
de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de
de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de
de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de
de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de
de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de
de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de
de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de
de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de
de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de
de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de
de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de
de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de del rome.
and that can't really sing anymore.
How about meatloaf?
Good suggestion!
Let's see, now we probably need someone who no one cares about anymore
and someone who's really overrated.
Snap!
How about Tony Brass and Mary Jane Blies?
Great!
And make sure David Hess, a hock, is in the crowd.
Great suggestion!
Okay!
And now we probably need someone really old
that no one young who watches our show knows who they are.
How about Bert Bakerak?
Perfect!
This is gonna be the best American Idol finale ever!
I can't wait!
Love the 32, 28-till noon at 5.60.
Of course not them can match up to Taylor Hicks.
Hey Taylor!
You're fair!
I beg your pardon?
Oh, I got no opinion on that.
I ain't that I've seen him on TV.
I've never watched that show but I've seen him.
You know, I'm so proud to say I've never seen one second of American Idol.
No, I haven't either.
I don't even know when it's on.
I don't know where it's on, when it's on, I don't want to know.
I don't want to.
931 hosts!
I'm not gonna make 10,000 by noon the way these people are going.
What I tell you, they usually come through for us but not today.
Not today.
We want a thousand by noon.
Not just a thousand by two.
Any schmuck can do that.
935, they're starting to come in and chumps now.
They're spitting out little chunks.
Speaking of that, how's the lunch coming?
That's what I'm saying.
I don't want to get you nervous but just keep saying to yourself,
Gary Sarner.
Gary Sarner.
Just keep repeating that to yourself.
You're starting to get real hungry.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
One, two, three.
You know, I'm one thing I have decided though.
You know after the email, I'm not responding.
I'm just going to ignore him.
Like I said yesterday, we'll succeed in spite of them.
We're going to show up every day that I'm supposed to when that's him.
We'll just ignore them.
Nobody instructed Norma.
Don't waste your time with any more of these silly ass meetings.
So that they can tell you,
well, you know, Joyce is calling all the shots and we got to really worried about Joyce.
And yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
No, I've got to keep their job.
We know just restating the obvious and glad-handing and pumping everybody's hand.
They pump this five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and they've arrived in singular wireless line.
But see, that's right in line with his personality.
You know, so everything's a big right that email.
No more consistent.
I don't even need to respond.
It's a rhetorical question.
I want to get your ass in hot water, although it might help those roids.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Wow.
Since Tommy started screening, they got a lot better.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Sports hall.
Hello.
Yeah.
What's going on?
What do you got for his pal?
Got some sports hall crap.
Well, call us one of the sports shows.
Okay, with your sports hall crap.
Five six seven oh five sixty probably about.
And Ira.
I wonder if Ira wears his icy sleeve to the heat games of the playoff games.
You think?
Oh, yeah.
I always got an icy patch on his.
Correct them.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M, boy, they're slow to the air.
Wow.
They are.
They're all over the place.
Yeah.
How are you, Neil?
Okay.
Have a quick question for you.
Here are the well-traveled men.
Thinking of growing my wife wants to go to Amsterdam.
Yeah.
Everything you say true.
Yes.
People speak English there.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
I mean, because I went to Italia a few years back.
No, no, different different story.
There aren't that many English-speaking people.
Although, yeah, and don't be one of these people.
I'm afraid to go places because.
No, no.
English because in Italy and.
I'm sure considering the reputation that this country has
abroad these days.
No, you know, and what you do, you know what you do.
Absolutely.
No matter where you go, you say, how's it going, eh?
That's right.
They know you canadian right?
That's what that's what I do.
I can walk around at night without having any problems in.
We're after that.
Amsterdam?
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
So just don't go behind the train station,
behind the central station.
That's not a good area.
Okay.
I'm not sure you're going to be able.
And, and, okay.
I'm down.
And, and don't carry a wallet, you know, but I'm sure you know that.
No, I never do.
I never do.
And, you know, just pass board and money in the front pocket.
Right.
Very deep in your pants and your money too.
Okay, dokey.
Okay, I have a great time.
Bye.
All of a sudden, I have put some.
It's okay.
You know, as long as there's a lot of tourists there, which I'm sure
there will be all summer long.
And that's going to be packed in Berlin.
Well, why the hell do I want to go there during World Cup?
It's going to be packed with people from all over the world, you know?
It's going to be just amazing next week.
It's going to be pretty damn hot too in the 80s.
It's okay.
It's perfect.
5, 6, 7, how are we doing on that pole?
Make a little bit of progress here.
They started to come in in chunks and clumps, 9, 45.
Oh, I think I don't know.
This is going to be really touch and go touch and go.
That's what Ken Baldwin said touch and go.
I'm seriously stop the thing about it.
Oh, 9.52.
We're going to do it.
Some of these calls we've had this week are so.
There be on even our Maya blood into this crime.
Aren't they?
They're just surreal.
Is how good they are.
Yeah.
I would agree with that.
And let's face it.
In the summertime, you know, Jerry Williams told me this year.
He goes, he go before he croaked before he realized
that Walter Sabo stepped him in back and ended his career.
Just like Joe Bell is trying to do to me.
But he told me a long time ago when he came down to W.
News there for a year and a half away.
And he says, you know, it's 89 degrees, 100 degrees in the summertime.
People are like, you know, and they don't want to hear word war three.
They don't want to get all whipped up about issues and about serious stuff.
They want to have a few yucks because it's already so hot and humid and depressing.
And they want a good yuck is all they want.
Like just a little chuckle like that.
There you go.
Yeah, he was right.
Well, we had some, I mean,
Greta, our demographics were older than death before the year that he was there.
And I was there and who else was there?
Alice and Wichner at W.
News, we had a book man.
We had numbers that were humongous.
Gigantic, huge.
At night, like from eight to midnight,
I had like 11 and 12 shares.
And that was 12 plus.
Although most of more like I said,
older than Matthews was grandpa,
but nevertheless,
of course, now we got the same number here on this station.
The only problem is the decimal points in different spot.
W.C.Y.M. Hello.
It's in front of the one Q.A.M.
Don't tell me a dead line.
That would be a bad move on their part Q.A.M. Hello.
W.C.Y.M. Hello.
11 and 12 shares.
No, I'm not.
In the old issue money on this week and tiger or phil.
I'm going to go away.
Oh, how about your mama?
W.C.Y.M. Hello.
W.C.Y.M. Hello.
Yes.
Hi, this is Neil Roger.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, I just wanted to let him know he's the greatest.
And yet he does have women listeners.
OK, I'll be sure to pass it along.
Oh, I can't talk to him.
You're talking to him right now.
You're the greatest?
Oh, my God.
Yes.
You're the greatest.
This is my Lonnie from home.
Yes.
Yes, I am.
Oh, my God.
OK.
If it wasn't for my husband,
I would have never began talk radio.
Happy father's day to dad.
Yes.
Oh, I thought to you.
That's great.
OK, you have a great day.
You too, sweetheart.
Bye-bye.
Go, see.
OK, go.
There you go.
Shabby, check to bed.
To bed we go.
Now, if they send the Bible,
you check to bed we go.
That's what Ira says.
I'm hearing some rumors about that too.
You hear those rumors about Ira?
I think he got all that clout with the heat.
What is that mean?
Just making a joke man.
Oh, now I'm not really sure
because I don't know what that's all about.
That clout.
All I do know is I wish they only get it over with
already one word there.
They just get out with some important stuff
beside that crap.
Oh, give me the ball.
Give me the ball.
Yeah, I just don't care.
I just refuse to care.
And I have no interest.
I will love the score though.
I will say that.
I'll find out the score.
Even if I'm like out wandering around,
I'll go on my blackberry and check out that score.
961 votes.
Oh, better refresh that.
I might be like 970.
It's going to be very, very tight, really tight.
How do I house Susan Gray doing?
961 votes.
We got 20 minutes for 39.
It's just just about two a minute.
That means like one vote every 30 seconds.
Now if we can't handle that right here in the middle
of the daytime, we might as well shut the baby off.
Just I'm excited.
If we don't make the sounds by noon, my I'm authorizing you
right now to go into where the transmitter room
and just shut it off.
I will leave right after I get my steak.
Where's the food?
Yeah.
Keep looking those two words, baby.
Three words.
Gary, Sarner, Cocher.
Three keep those two words in mind.
With lightning quick speeds, the latest features and security
Comcast high speed internet leaves the ESL in the dust.
Call today and get the best offer of the year at Comcast
High Speed internet for just 24.95 a month for you for a
six months.
Plus, Comcast will upgrade to the super fast 8-meg premium
speed tier free with an always on connection speed of up
to 8-megabits speed.
For a second, Comcast high speed internet is up to five
times faster than DSL-15 and up to 100 times faster than
dial up, whether you're downloading music, watching screen
video, playing online games or just surfing your favorite
sites, Comcast reliable fast connection means you'll be
flying through the internet.
Plus when you sign up for Comcast high, oh, guess what never
happened this morning?
We were supposed to have like a fire alarm between 1030 and
11 this morning never happened.
Plus when you sign up for Comcast high speed internet, you
get instant access to free features like video mail, Comcast
Rhapsody radio plus and up to seven personal email accounts
just to be name it a few.
Not only that, but you also get free mac-p security tools
included so you can rest assured that your internet
experiences always safe and secure.
And annual savings of over 100 bucks for the security
alone.
So what do you wait and for start doing more faster than
ever before?
Sign up for Comcast high speed internet today for just 24.95
a month for six months.
And day call 305 Comcast or in Broward 954 Comcast.
Call for details today.
Certain restrictions apply.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62.
A.
Where the month was going to hang from trees and play banjo.
You got some food on the station on new Frank on Brady.
Oh, now as North Carolina goes.
Rollies of big city.
You know, and that's where the bees.
Had to go for Goli Rylee Joe.
On the new jam.
You do what he can.
Shake your hand like a friend.
Then quickly walk away.
Absolutely.
They had Joe go to 5.60 with ratings and the toilet mold
to get those blaming for full most in order and control.
And then so.
Goli Rylee Joe of a killer and in the know he let's move.
Go and here's what blows if Goli is.
Oh, Joe, you make a big change.
And read a rain.
It's worse for the same.
He hasn't done a thing or what goes on the air at two.
Joe don't have a stinkin.
Out of four.
Not that essentially.
Blow for all radio.
The GM of 5.60.
Jolly Rylee Joe.
It's 11.47.
I just made up my mind or that break because I was going to send a little
PS again on my email.
I'm I'm all through.
That's it.
No more emails.
No more phone calls.
No more meetings with Norma.
Can't either.
Just have a great life.
Yeah.
Well, why would you want to waste your time?
Well, there's no sense.
There's no feeling.
Okay.
Plus he's already got his consultant rock solid 979 votes.
I bet you're going to be fresh.
You're like 90 or something.
92.
Okay.
We got 12 minutes for 18 votes.
Now if we can't do that.
If we don't make the thousand by the way, I'm calling Guri Sarner during the
a noon break and making sure we cancel that lunch.
Send him an email.
Who Guri Sarner.
Yeah.
You get worried about it.
Actually or what?
No, I'm not.
Yeah, you are.
No, no, you got me a little worried there.
Tommy Abitch is getting really a ping in his pants getting nervous about that.
Probably didn't eat all day yesterday working on that.
That's that's what I used to do every time I plan eating Ruth Chris all the
usually not a lunch time, but for dinner you go through the whole day and
basically eat almost nothing.
And then you take out when you go there.
Wild weed on core.
What courthouse lawn eliminated.
Sioux Falls, South Dakota after reporters pointed out that wild marijuana
coming to called ditch weed was growing on the lawn to the federal
courthouse in Sioux Falls.
The greenery was limited.
I never heard a ditch weed.
I'm sure Tommy did.
It crappy read probably pretty cheap though.
Yeah, that's what George sells on the weekends.
City officials and the developer said seeds in dirt brought in for construction must have sprouted.
KSFY in Sioux Falls TV had it tested to be sure it was ditch weed and brought into the
tension of federal officials last week.
Nobody wanted to comment.
Oh, and that now that's something productive.
It goes to show you how many exciting things are going on in Sioux Falls, South Dakota.
The TV station had it tested and they brought into the tension of federal officials.
Low grade wild marijuana was initially grown as hemp to make rope in World War II.
But it contains a small amount of the ingredient that makes marijuana smokers high.
Congress made it illegal in 1970 to grow any form of the marriage we need plan.
Except the Corsica QAM where we need it bad.
Take away the pain.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and they've arrived in singular wireless line.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, once a once a day is more than enough otherwise you come to your house.
I think very weak line nine.
This is a Josh's favorite QAM.
Any any line yes sir.
I wanted to say about the boy yesterday about the God thing.
I was wondering what would you put for what's the best evidence that there is no God?
Joe Bell really.
I put the learning thing for you know when and when guys and though what's the name?
Michael Bolton lives.
Yeah, yeah.
So and also the and culture.
The one culture is proof there was no God.
Right.
That's it.
The 164.
One of the Boma carnies birthday.
Yeah.
I wonder who wrote that was like one of your writers or just someone who sent it.
One of our writers you mean one of our big staff members on this.
Oh come on now.
Well someone I mean you know someone for you or just someone who you know called in it.
Oh no actually that one is KJ that's our guide.
It is one of our people KJ.
Oh that's some of our.
That was great.
I heard that on Tuesday.
That was the greatest.
Why here it comes.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
It's a me go.
Now you are older.
You still have your hair and your old style.
I heard you were splitting up with hair to your wife.
It's another day in a life.
Last year your age was 63.
Time to add one more.
Yes.
Let's have a party for Poma carnie.
Now he's 64.
I'm dying out of here.
We roll over two.
I'd like to say these words have been for the two of you.
You and the Beatles want to make news.
John and George are gone.
George had cancer.
John got shot.
They didn't survive.
Good old ring.
Go.
He's gonna lie.
Watch your own busted holding some weed.
In Japan on tour.
The white doesn't need you.
The lawyers will believe you.
And you're 64.
I'm 95.
We need 5.
We need 4.000.
Did I tell you they come through a little faith?
I'm not.
You're right.
I want to get nervous.
If I'm sitting where you are, you keep reminding me.
I'm just telling you.
My experience is with Gary Sarner.
He's been consistent.
He's never been a good one.
He's always been bad.
Always.
Everyone has been like, you know, I know he does walk around with a big bright smile on his face.
But nevertheless, everything he always pedals and I suggest is always crap.
But that doesn't mean the food is going to show up because Ruth Christian or they love me and they love everybody.
We love that.
We love me even more if they do show up with that food.
The steak doesn't travel really well.
I'm sure it'll be just fine.
Well, probably a nook in the, in that nice microwave we got their phone and my list news at IOD.
Just like that little refrigerator we got from one of our list news at IOD.
Well, those are the days.
I don't want to like live in the past, but those were the days.
995 votes.
I bet if I refresh it, we might have that 1,000 already right now.
That would be a real feather in our pile.
I'll tell you that.
If you ever find a feather in your pile, I would go out there and look on the door to see if that chicken got away.
996.
See their toy in with us now.
They're like timing 997.
Alright.
1 by 1.
Wow.
You know, as opposed to the usual when it comes in a chest, but I'm trying to tell you there's nobody, don't you understand there is nobody around at this time of the year.
Why do you think I get out of here in the summertime?
You'll see that.
What?
Well, we're full of the old people that are coming down here, you know, because it's hot now.
Yeah, well, you think they're going to be con us or voting.
You think the old people are getting out their personal computers and voting on our poll on neo-rogers.com.
998.
That's pretty great.
2mo.
2mo is all we need.
Who do you think is the most self-hating gay celebrity or politician that's the poll question and coder 359.
Man coder with a gigantic Adam Zappel.
She's got a big one.
Tom Cruise, 192.
Hey, Tommy!
You fairy!
I hate this poll 116.
Matt Fudge, she's got 102, Ms. Fudge, from the Fudge report.
Condoleezer, 88.
Oh, God.
What I thought.
Who now would touch that?
Even Ken Maldon wouldn't touch her.
Mary Cheney, even in a nice place, Mary Cheney, 81.
What a dick.
Alice Randthell, 16.
Self-hating queen, 16.
Mark Foley, 15.
Charlie Christy, your next Republican governor, 15.
And Andrew Sullivan on the bottom, 14.
And he's used to it, wouldn't be the first time.
998, he refers to it, and the guy came up to a thousandth rate.
Oh, my God.
And you were saying, oh, they do?
They do.
Forget it.
You see, you confuse the listening audience with the colors.
You've got to get over that.
If I were to get out of the colors or what the listening audience were,
I'd have blown my brains out a long time ago before I met Joe Bell.
I never knew.
I'm not even ever going to meet him.
By the way, you know, that lunch show, forget about that too.
I don't do lunches.
I'm going to have a little lunch with Jolly Raleigh Joe.
Yeah, Jolly Raleigh Joe, he when he emailed me with,
started my email responses about Monday when it was.
Oh, yeah.
Hopefully you have a good fine summer, enjoy your summer schedule.
And hopefully you can still meet when you come down here to summer,
because I'm going to be there for a few days.
You know, to keep my legal, everything kosher and everything.
And do a little doctrine, go get my blood.
Yeah, do the usual stuff you do.
But, I'm already booked up.
Sorry, Joe, I'm not going to have time for that lunch.
Oh, the phone is ringing.
I bet there's like a package downstairs.
Is that exciting or what?
Are you expecting?
I'm expecting.
Am I expecting?
Yeah, as a matter of fact, I think it's a little girl.
Let's see.
We have a live in this.
Oh, yeah, we do.
Well, I just got to check, because we got some of that new copy come out
from the next couple of hours.
11.56, four minutes, kill noon.
We got Jolly at 2.
And what is safe in the sac, noon is going to get all whipped up.
But I big-end tonight, baby.
Shaq and Duane, Duane in Spain, falls mainly with Duane.
And speaking of Duane, who else Duane brings, termites.
That's why termites season at Hurricanes,
season of basically simultaneous.
If you think you might have termites in your house,
you better call riddett pes control today for your free termite inspection.
Riddett uses that amazing, orgineral treatment
that kills termites and their eggs 100% on contact.
They're gone faster than you can say.
Hey, the Jersey Joe is a amineac.
Is that what his name is, Jersey Joe?
Walcott.
If you have termites, it's the best possible way to say goodbye to them.
You don't have to tent your house.
No worrying about poisonous gas, no moving out or staying in hotels or motels.
No worrying about food or pests in your health.
Because at riddett pes control, they treat your home with this amazing orange oil.
You don't have to leave it all.
In fact, when did I'm treating your property?
The only thing left behind is the clean set of oranges for just a few days.
It's true if you have a termite problem called riddett pes control right now
and find out about this amazing orange oil treatment that kills termites
and their eggs 100% on contact.
No tenting, no kidding.
Call right now for a free no obligation inspection 1-800-447-4348.
As 1-800-447-448, be sure in time that old Todd Drak told you to call 1-800-447-4348.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.6 Q.A.
Mr. Jamie, I'd like to relax by having Mary Magdalen recite my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
Beep-ee.
Oh, you can tell your fans you don't like their demands if they have some request to say no.
And then tell your mom a hint to tell the management you want nobody missing with your show.
You're on from pinning to and when your shift is true tell George you can relax until some week.
And then go tell Joe Bell that he can go to hell.
He even almost makes you miss Ray Greed.
But don't play a part, the sound of a part.
I don't think George would understand.
Because if you play a part, the sound of a part, you'll be in trouble with the peacefully planned part.
Oh my god.
Oh.
Don't play a part.
You're fair.
Prove to it 560 WQM. How's that food coming?
Well, I'm pretty sure it's coming because I just saw Gary Sarner in the old tea room and he confirmed.
You saw Gary Sarner in the tea room. Was it kosher?
I didn't ask him.
I didn't ask him.
Put a little lemon in it.
Nothing like a nice cup of tea.
Anyway, there's a package downstairs. I wouldn't be surprised if that's my I-Pide documents station.
Ooh.
My logic tech I-Pide documents. Oh sorry Gary.
Documents suggest army line about chaining involvement in how to burden contract.
This just in from Ross Dory. This could be like a real blockbuster although at this point, you know, after seeing what happened with the Carl Rolf thing, it's just give up hope.
These people can basically do whatever they want.
New documents obtained by a conservative watchdog group suggest that the US Army Corps of Engineers may have publicly lied regarding the involvement of the Vice Presidents or F-Pide documents.
In awarding a 2003 multibillion dollar no-bid contract, the Kellogg Brown and Root a subsidiary of Haliburton Ross Dory's learned.
Ross Dory's obtained a copy of the new documents which were required by government watchdog judicial watch under the Freedom of Information Act.
The Corps could not be immediately reached for comment.
Among the 100 pages of newly obtained documents is a 2003 email in which Carol Sanders of the Army Corps writes,
Mr. Robert Anderson Chief Counsel, USACE, participated in a 60 minutes interview today in New York, where you're in the sole source of orderly oral response contract, the Kellogg Brown and Root.
Anderson was able to make many of the points we had planned.
Sanders subsequently provided sound bites from the interview including there was no contact whatsoever with the Vice President's office.
And then it's got a copy of the original message.
Carol, many thanks for forwarding this to me. I was on travel yesterday did not have the occasion to use the telephone to track down the right person.
So I forward to your messages to Dana Perrino, a communications director for CEQ.
She advises that she forwarded to Jennifer Miller-wise when my presumed is associated with the Vice President Cheney.
A few sound bites. There is much more bland, truth is much more bland, so much more uninteresting, I can't read the rest of it, it's blocked out.
This directly contradicts another email on Trevor Baidu to watch in 2004. That email dated in March of 2003 was sent by an official, the Army Corps whose name was redacted.
It stated we anticipate no issue with the KBR deal since the accident has been coordinated with the Vice President's office.
The Army had earlier refused to hand over the documents, US District Court Judge Ricardo Urbina released them after the group sued, arguing they were being improperly exempted from the Freedom of Information Act.
No one in the Vice President Cheney's prior relationship to Halliburton, judicial watch filed its Freedom of Information request to obtain documents pertaining to the liquid of no big contract.
The Vice President's associations with Halliburton raised concerns about the appearance of a conflict of interest or favoritism, judicial watch said, especially since the contract was awarded a Kellogg Brown route without a bidding process, and because the contract was not an answer to the public's life it was approved.
US District Judicial Court Judge had to get personally involved and look at these documents in private before they could be released a judicial watch employee told Raw Story.
And what the judge said when he saw them was, turn them over the staff right that they were abusingly Freedom of Information Act process, embarrassment is not sufficient cause for exemption.
The Cheney contradiction is not the only cause for embarrassment in the documents. One email for example foods are frank admission by an Army Corps of Engineer official.
It says, I'm coughing you on this craft since I honestly believe the competitive procurement will never happen.
How do you like that? Your Vice President's a cook, isn't that a surprise? No.
Not a shot? No. How's that food coming? So when were you cornered, you were a see-all-sarner in the tea room and he said what?
I said, hey, you know, we've been busting your shops today on the air because, you know, just, you know, just meals making me a little nervous.
Just wanted to double check, make sure you got that.
Yeah, he said, oh, I'll pay attention to that meal. That piece of crap.
Actually, he said, yeah.
Oh, he got a little hasty. He's like, oh, it's going to be there, you know, which he said at noon. So it's a seven minutes past.
Oh, he said the food's going to be there at noon? Yeah.
Yeah, it's seven minutes past noon. I mean, don't worry. Gary always comes through.
Oh, Gary always comes through. Oh my God. Let's put him on from 2 to 4 with material like that.
Gary always comes through. Wow.
1338 votes on our pool, man. We are really kicking some big fat UCS. I'll say that right now.
I was going to like go because I got some very important stuff. I got to save the world today.
I have to make my point around like Howard Beale said, never. Remember that he was walking in the rain and that's a trench coat might have been passed out.
And the at that part, the elevator guys is more of a miss to be old and I have to make my witness.
Remember that he's like soaked. He'd been walking in the rain with I knew. Remember that.
And that was good. Tommy never saw a network. Now if you were a good guy, I think Tommy would like that.
And I don't think you fall asleep during unless he was smoking too much of that that ragweed.
I'm excited. I don't know.
CBS has told the FCC it's contested in the $3.3 million fine levied earlier this year for an episode of without a trace
because the complaints came via an email form letter from conservative organizations and email form letter.
CBS affiliates filed a motion earlier this week with the FCC to formally protest the fines according to the Hollywood reporter.
The challenge carries implications across all media formats under the FCC jurisdiction including radio as many of today's
complaints are written by advocacy group form letters. The stations say that the 4211 complaints over the show were entirely from the websites of the well known advocacy groups,
the parents television council and the anxious American family association.
The CBS affiliate said that the FCC requires a complaint to come from actual viewers in the station's market for action to be taken and therefore the fines to be overturned.
There were no true complainants from actual viewers the station said.
Permitting enforcement relies on a uniform national mass email campaign is akin to simply permitting a commission to single out programming it to slice even the absence of any viewer complaint and the target that
programming for punishment said the CBS affiliates in their letter.
The commission wisely has astute playing the role of roving enforcer of indecency policy in the past and it should continue to do so here.
Parents television council the anxious the obnoxious El Brent Bozell said to and we can response everything the parent television council has said is accurate.
Every complaint file comes from a United States citizen who last I heard had the constitutional privilege to position his government rather than these stupid legal maneuvers CBS and Viacom should spend time pondering why it's wrong to broadcast scenes of teen orgies in front of millions of children.
What time are those teen orgies on I must have missed those.
Man when do we get to see that? 2 to 4th?
Wow.
That's it. Let's get the audio from teen orgies on from 2 to 4.
All right.
Are we getting?
Huh? I said all right.
Guarantee and beat the hell out of that.
On screen I hope we on 2 to 4 again today is if there's any shock.
Mad Dog 4 to 630 including that panel.
He's got the lyric King panel on.
In fact I think they're going to be talking about that chicken aruba Natalie Holloway and also the cool minor.
You know the survivor.
You know that guy looks like a lady to me.
I don't want to pee on his parade because he went through a hell of an ordeal.
You know it's a very sad story but you know that one guy that survived and they keep slapping me.
He was on there again this morning.
He looks like a lady.
Yeah a little bit.
He does.
Yeah I tell you one thing you know some more like more of a lady than mancoater.
I'd agree with that.
1441 votes on the pool and Gary Sarnas says have no fear because the fool will soon be here.
Are you buying it?
Are you believing it?
I will buy it.
Maybe Gary has the rad by waiting at the door to make sure he probably has to kosher with all before it comes into the studio.
And make sure that there's like nothing tray in there.
Because like for example if they brought you the roof Chris is known one of the things that they have that's really great is the French onion soup.
You know the thickly or a cheese on it.
Well if you have a soup.
Huh?
I said who doesn't?
Now if they brought that in with a steak that would be as trayf as it gets you know cheese with meat.
Oh my god.
All I could say is you guys have burned in hell for sure then.
I think you already probably will but that that would cinch it.
So Gary's probably koshering the meal before they bring it in.
WCWAM hello.
QAM.
Meal.
Yes sir.
Can you string together some hymen Roth blinds with freight out?
Now let me ask you something.
Do you see hymen Roth in the movie Godfather 2?
Yes.
Are you capable of hitting conversation you just call to each time and ask for some stupid crap later.
You remember when he was going like that?
Yeah play that.
Okay good.
Yeah play that.
Okay.
There it was.
That was hymen Roth.
See I can't do it as well as I did yesterday because I'm basically over that crap.
I think that was the same.
Huh?
I think it sounds the same.
No it does not.
I can feel it in my nasal passages.
Okay you said that your nasal drip going?
No not really that's what I was just saying.
The thing you brought it brings along me a nice high release suit.
Well yeah why don't you get that stuff?
It's magic man.
Wow.
Well let me tell you.
Well let me tell you something my crunk Nick friend.
5670560.
Pound 560 and the Verizon Singular wireless line.
We are really intense of the day boy.
I'm pretty soon we're going to start doing our sports shows in Espanol and the big old.
Rock solid on 24.7 with a bunch of beeners.
See this.
That's a QAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
I'm the gentleman you spoke to yesterday about.
Okay go well don't call me again.
Wait that was the geyser from the track with the sky.
That was the guy.
That was old Leicester Chester Vester Green shirt.
Chester and molester.
WQAM.
Hello.
I think that was the guy with the dog.
Golden Retriever.
Yeah.
QAM.
I feel so sorry for that dog.
QAM.
Hello.
Neil God.
How are you sir?
Okay sir.
Say now you were talking about Condoleezza Rice and she's an unusual woman to me.
Sometimes she looks just absolutely repulsive and then other times she looks like really hot.
And other times you look like when you're stoned when you're like staggering and can barely make it to the track with the piano.
In the dickweed yes sir but then sometimes she looks like a Colombian Marty Cohen to me and I was just wondering if it ever looked that way to you.
Yes.
What can he say there?
He said something.
Oh.
He said go check.
I think it was ****.
Oh.
You didn't mess with that I did you?
I actually did not.
Oh.
Me neither did I.
That's okay.
He was talking about that weed and so false.
Right.
147 votes on the pool.
Well you don't have to be extra cautious now because we got Joe going to bad for us with Joyce you know.
So knowing that in advance.
1213 at 560 WQAM that's food will be there any second man.
I'm going to tell you what actually it's like.
The powers are working.
We just showed up now.
Well thank God.
So see Gary did come through Ruth Fertel Reston P.C. would be very proud of her people at Ruth Chris.
She was great.
I tell you I told you this the other day it's true the best Ruth I mean phenomenal the one here in the Hilton Hotel in Toronto.
Right.
It's as good as against.
So now you know what they have there or is this Pope or e like you know I'll have a good report for you when we come back.
But I make sure that Gary has a kosher before we bring it in there because we don't want to see I don't want you to be responsible for eating trough and burning in hell on the show if Gary isn't overseeing.
I'm sure that he's overseeing.
He's not in here right now.
So who knows.
Well who is in there the Ruth Chris people in here we got a little chef in here.
It's great.
Excellent. All right.
Why am I jealous now it's one of the very very few times when the melty pot came in when that good stuff and now both these times I'm very jealous.
Oh for me.
Hey if you're a cigar smoker like to keep back with a good premium brand and be here cigars by Tony brani is for you.
These hard to find cigars are made with first grade tobacco processed in age up to 10 years.
Now be here is a real boutique cigar maker and they specialize in small batch hard to find tobacco.
But he a gold a flagship line gets a 91 rating by cigar fishing out of cigar insider at a 9.1 by smoke magazine.
This rich flavored well balanced full body nickel rock when cigars got earthy hints of dark roast coffee chocolates by some pepper flavors.
Also be sure to try their be here to say this once the hottest release cigar in the last 10 months and gets a high rating of 91 by cigar fishing out of cigar insider magazine.
A powerful cigar with complex notes of leather earth and pepper.
They're finished as long and full body with the visual spice and a note of charred wood.
If you want to save a lot of money man who want to get 40% off the price of all your be here cigars call him toll free and tell him that old neo-rodger is totally to call.
They will pee in their pants call him at 1 835 the here that's 1 835 BAHIA.
This is neo-rodger. This is 5.6.2.8.
I'm a family. Well under a 10.0.5.
Put me down.
And a red star I'm not to find enough to bring some people down.
Then you walk into the studio with the whole party.
Give me that pizza.
That's my pizza.
That's my pizza.
I got a little. I don't care if it's just a desert snowman title.
I'll have you know it's more important for me.
Who survived?
You grant me by so number of children in titlements that besides I only have the niggula shrimp.
And the sliver of the sliver of the pizza.
I want your pizza.
I'll take that pizza.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
1220 it's a damn good thing he's out there right now.
You can imagine some nice juicy steaks.
By the way you're going to be real jello for right now.
We got the work.
We got the appetizer.
This little crab teeny.
It's like crab in a martini glass.
A little salad with some sauce.
We got the lased tea bones.
We got sweet potato casseroles.
Top it off with a little creme brulee.
Oh my god.
We're just going to get fat here today.
Wow.
Enjoy it.
There you go.
I'm going to get a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of
A little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of the little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a
weekend's builder burg meeting in Ottawa, Canada. Our inside source is coupled with what
witnesses saw at the Brook Street Hotel strongly suggests this to be the case.
Oh my God. On Saturday, the second day of the conference, the large Cadillac style
armored limousine with US diplomatic plates arrived at the Underground parking garage at
the Brook Street Hotel, festooned by police motorcycles and added security. This extra
subterfuge was not an evidence for other attendees, such as David Rockefeller and Queen
Beatrice who arrived outside the front of the building and walked straight in. One of
our sources spoke with a head of the hotel who informed him that Hillary Clinton had
arrived to attend the Builderburg conference confirming the rumors we had previously heard.
Clinton is a touted presidential candidate, as is New York Governor George Fattaki, who
was reported by the New York Sun, was also an attendist at the Builderburg meeting.
Oh my God. Builderburg has a proven history of acting in a Kingmaker capacity, both Bill
Clinton and Tony Blair, attended before becoming president and prime minister, and the mainstream
media reported that Builderburg selected John Edwards as Kerry's running mate in 2004.
Could Clinton have attended Builderburg on Saturday or was she elsewhere? Clinton's official
website makes no mention of any engagements across the entire weekend. New York's
Canada is a sure-happened vacay. While Clinton's Saturday movements are ambiguous, we know
where she was on Tuesday. She was being roundly booed by her, usually a sick, offantic,
left-leaning audience at the campaign for America Future Conference. Clinton, a supporter
of the Iraq invasion from day one, was heckled and cat-called for, again, publicly backing
the Bush administration's reluctance to withdraw troops from Iraq. So there's Hillary,
the Builderburg scene. I've always said that, you know, these people just don't show up
out of the world somewhere, like termites. Yeah, listen, if you want to just keep reading
stories, you know. Now that's what I said, and that what I told you, once the food arrived,
you guys aren't going to be paying any attention, assuming that you would have in the first
place to these pondered stories. Well, even the calls, you don't want to miss those
good calls though. 5.6705.60, 0.560 in the Verizon singular website. I'm a little curious
what my package is on there. I'm always tempted to play that because it's pretty long,
which ones, the meal young. Go ahead. Yeah, but I haven't any clothes on yet. I want to
do it yet. Yeah, that'd be a problem. I want to go down and lobby with any clothes on.
People be swooning, man. They'd be puking their guts down there in my box, too, sure.
It's always hot enough for that. Let me see what the temperature is here because I'm
sure Paul Castan over the public call, listening and taking notes. Let's see what it is, Paulie.
It's 75 already. It was only supposed to be 77, but I think we're going to top that.
It's only like, you know, 1230 and it's already 75. So I think I probably could handle
it in my box, too, shorts, but I'll do that after the break. That sounds great.
I'm actually, I forgot. I'm interrupting your life. Excuse me. I'm sorry. My bad.
I got more food in front of me right now than Carter's got pills. Even Jesus, you know,
something a bit different. If Gary Sarner would invite a care and carpenter for me like
us, we could still be enjoying her dulcet to her manly tones right now. Speaking of
manly, who do you think is the most self-hating gay celebrity or politician?
1554 votes, but that's impressive on the 15th of June. Wow. Man colder, 387 for man.
What a guy. Tommy Cruz 206. What a lady. I hate this poll on 24. Matt Fudge. He's got 103.
Condolee Condom Liza 92. Mary Cheney, that nasty little guy, 87. Mark Foley, 17. Charlie
Christ, Chris, 17. You're an ex-governor. Alice Randell 16. Andrew Sullivan 15. In fact,
if I refresh this, I bet you were like run on the edge of 1964. So you're going to be,
we'll have over 100 by the end of this hour. So you just keep eating. Don't worry about that.
Okay. I think I'm trying to think of a clever way to do this. I'm thinking, well, whatever.
Because after the break, I'll play that thing. Now, how long is that? Oh, 509. Well, I can do that
easy because I have all my clothes and even my shoes on by that time. And I'll be back here
before you can say. HI голос, it's Neil! You ride by crab, Cressórious, ψrowbone,
1956.
Hello everybody.
Drop your terms, Sergeant.
Absolutely!
I'm going to protest on that time in fire, not much more than three faces for us.
I take this to the criminal and the liar, as if you haven't noticed that before.
I see a lot of people, as they are.
I spend my spare time writing down some lyrics.
But they're not together so they're fine.
Something easy to see like a protest anthem.
But I haven't got nothing like that in my 30 years.
I'm so glad I'm all dead in Ohio.
I wrote my share of songs here to go.
Push that piece so upset I thought I tried.
But I can't let you go for this track so long.
Which gives me a moment that I don't know my retreat to later.
I want more dirt there than I think it is going bad.
If it's still good I'll make a sound with say no.
I buy 99 accounts that would make me sad.
I'm going to push that piece and I'll get that.
I'm going to push that piece so that I can get that.
I'm going to push that piece so that I can get that.
I'm going to push that piece so that I can get that.
I'm going to push that piece so that I can get that.
I want to push that piece so that I can get that.
I'll try to prove up for that ease
We'll do all we can
Have any change for that way
I'll try to prove that my protection
Or if someone gets my hold
And I'll try to prove that
I'll try to prove that my protection
Or if someone gets my hold
And I'll try to prove that my protection
Or if someone gets my hold
Right to say that I'll try to prove的
Oh向争
If
Or get my holy secretly
Or if someone gets his hand
After that my teacher
The rest of the soldiersman
Is a person who creates evolute
Let him go
All the way to the hospital, I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the hospital.
I'll go to the door.
oh
God
38-22-1 this day another disc it's a good show up a day early
I thought I was gonna be my thing my docking stand sorry what a disappointment because then I was
I had a schluck that thing up here and it'd be all out of breath as opposed to be like that all my clothes on and even my shoes
I'm ready to leave right now you know it's not a disappointment. What's that?
This steak and this sweet potato casserole
It's a disappointment. It's not a disappointment. Oh, okay. Okay. I was gonna say yeah, that's yours buddy
The sweet potato casserole is like ridiculous. It's so sweet. It's like a dessert
Sweet
Well, that's great. Let's get for our back get him on between two and four staff. No, he can just sit there and say sweet
What do you say? I think that that's it. That's an idea. Let's do it. I'm gonna kick his ass and then I'll steal his two bag
There you go a former Department of Homeland Security press aid accused of essentially praying on a detective posing online as a teenage girl
told police he wasn't attracted to children, but he had explicit conversations as a kind of a power trip
Right like what's his name there Gary Glitter who was just doing research?
Prosecutors released more than 300 pages of court records in the case against Brian J. Doyle 56
Who's accused of priceless sex with the quote unquote child and sending photographic videos tour
He resigned from his job after his arrest and pleaded not guilty. This is a former Department of Homeland Security press aid
The newly released documents include transcripts of alleged online chance and a few telephone calls between Doyle and poke out
He shared detectives posing as the fictitious girl named Ashlyn or is that Ashlyn?
The material also includes a transcript of an interview with detectives after is the rest of which Doyle told investigators
That the discussions were fantasy for him and he denied being sexually attracted to children without ever intended to meet with a girl
It is very much about being in control and also he had a safe distance where nobody's read there and they're in arms like the way he told
Detectives. Yeah, I know what it's what's in an arms like the way while he's on his computer
Do I refer in fact? I'm sure that and coders gallon
Do I refer to the girl often as Ash or QD during these conversations?
That's fan topics as harmless as pets and vacations to graphic discussion to sex
Quite a core records do or allegedly provided this government issued office phone and cell phone numbers
Showed office department ID and may have used his official computer in the communications with the undercover detective who we thought was this young girl
What there you go? In fact, I'm surprised we haven't seen them on date line yet. Well coming up next
Probably this coming week
You know you look at the faces on these guys and then the react almost every one of them it's the same thing
Yeah, it's the same thing. I just love how they try to get out of it
Yeah, I was
I drove 75 miles just to come here like you know have a chat one guy claimed that you know all a 13 year old girl who's
You know this bad. I wanted to help her. You know, I want to give her some guidance right now
Is that the guy that brought the a 12 pack and it's in all the other blues probably yeah the hard lemonade that's good guidance
Maybe a little
Only the lemonade was the only thing that was at any rate it's 19 to 1 so I'm glad you guys are enjoying a fantastic meal
Thanks to that Gary Sarner man. Here's a guy. Yes chef out the elves in here from Ruth Chris prepared everything for us
So thank you chef thanks to him and thanks to all our close personal pizons of Ruth Chris
I've been raving about them for about a hundred years. I love her with Chris hey
And also for years I've been telling about our good friends at Dottomatris and I tended to call that one easy number
1 800 mattress when the old mattress is lumpy and saggy and worn out you're not getting them at sleep no more
Dottomatris will deliver it within a two-hour winner that you pick when it's convenient for you when your fat ass is gonna be home
They have knowledgeable bedding consultants and lots more and if you thought dying 1 800 mattress on the phone was easy
Check out mattress calm on the wicked web shop on the web anytime
They are night with product details prices and photos you can check out online or call the place your order and
Get your delivery get factory direct prices lower than the chain stores even during the so-called big sales plus Dottomatris gives you 12 months financing to no off brands either
Dottomatris here is only the top makers of mattresses including all the ones you love like Celi and Certa
King Coil Simmons temper pete and even stirons and foster you with when you call 1 800 mattress
Do you see head the cream burlay there?
See the knife in responding
No, that's okay. See I threw that in there because you said you had cream burlay. I was thinking about bananas
I'm actually
Oh, boy, why love that stuff when you call 1 800 mattress you get low prices on the best goods to Dottomatris
Ranked number one of the world of customer satisfaction. I've used them for years and I guarantee you
I'll bet you everybody's life on it especially Joe Bell that you will love him as well call 1 800 mattress right now
They can you can be slipped in like a baby as soon as tonight 1 800 MATTR
Yes, leave off the last S because it stands for stupendous sensational saving
This is me
Roger
516
8000
I'm on it you yeah
You want to get married
Let me give you some advice if you want to be a honey color
You always make a Jewish
You know white
From my personal
Yeah, that's
You
You should never marry
You wish
I can't take anything
Or she ever wants to do is shop
Take your credit card and never stop
Show no interest at all in sex
She only cares about your bitch
You are never gonna get laid
You'll regret that the nip nip you make
If you want to be a honey color
You always make a Jewish
You know white
From my personal
Yeah, that's you
You should never be
You want to be a honey color
You always make a Jewish
You know white
From my personal
You should never marry
When your honey moon is finally through
There are things she's never gonna do
She only cares about her nip nip
And I doubt a bit about what's down there
You are gonna feel like a smug
Cause you're never gonna get the juice
Find out how it feels to be
A generally practicing cellar bussy
If you want to be a honey color
You always make a Jewish
You know white
From my personal
Yeah, that's you
You should never be
You want to be a honey color
You always make a Jewish
You know white
From my personal
You should never marry a Jew
You should never marry a Jew
You should never marry a Jew
You should never marry a Jew
You should never marry a Jew
1248 and 562
We got gildy coming up
Very intensively
You can be sure that
Between two important mandog
With that panel of heat groupies
Our windbag and Eric Reed
And Tom Schruestit
And what's gonna be on our 24-rentino
And maybe our whats his name?
Randy Puffund
Randy Puffund
Pat Riley
Pat Riley Beyond Air
Erie Heat Fan is gonna be on her
Shack is gonna be on her
We're gonna have a dewey
Wade Dwey is not playing tonight
By the way, he got some bad news
Got a hair look
I mean, hair, hair trigger
And Colter
What?
That's what I'm hearing
That's no more on spread
No dewey
Dewey in Spain
Pulse made the eye on me
Let's see, the article about
Angcoder, you already got it on our
Website, that was pretty good
Because I just sent it to you this morning
You must have been putting stories on this morning
How about that?
Oh
In New book, Colter
Crib stem cell is from right to life group
And it's much too long for me to read
And much too ponderous
But basically, as usual, she played
Derrises and steals and takes things out
A contest and twists them around
And lies through a teeth
Because she's a hateful, nasty
SOW is what she is
The SOW is mine
If there's anybody out there
Didn't see the exorcist
You're gonna be bored this weekend
I go out there and get the new
Version of it, the DVD
The one where she goes down the stairs
Backward and her head spins around
Instead of peace of this time, she throws up to
Medisoup, which is beautiful
Like Jesus
Oh, I'm sorry, come on, let's not cut it out
Jesus Christ
I mean, when she moved in with Rick Springfield
He was 15 years old with her mother's permission
Isn't that just a little...
Well, I guess after all she went through in that movie
I guess it kind of matured her fast, huh?
You don't think 15's a little bit young
He was 24, she was 15
That's pretty bad
Is it bad?
That's pretty good
Wow
Who do you think is the most self-hating gay celebrity or
Politician that's our pull question?
What do I tell you?
Way before 1 o'clock we got 1104
For, we are making some serious progress
We are picking up the audience back
One at a time, one by one
You'll see, by the end of the year, we'll be back up to like a two share
And colder, man colder has got 400 rows
Boy, she dominates every negative pool
Who do you wish would die or wake a death?
And colder, who do you think is the nastiest
South and colder?
Who should all get run over by a MAC truck this afternoon before 5 o'clock?
Man colder, who's the lioness nastiest piece of right wing?
At any rate
Other than George Bush
Tom Cruise 217, you're not fooling anybody, Tommy
Too fairy
I hate this pool 132
Matt Fudge, she's got 105
But she ain't making much movement on here now
She's kind of like a stagnating
Condor Leaser has got 96
Mary Cheney's got 87
Talking about dikes
Charlie Critt, and then after that the others said they don't know
Charlie Criss Christ 18
Mark Foley 17
Andrew Sullivan 16
And Poor Alice Rantel
Only 16
Self-hating screamer
Out of a load on so
Take a bunch of calls now and now that you guys have eaten and I just got to hear about it
Wooo
That was all whipped up
I wouldn't feel so bad if my docking station would have showed up
No
I mean, it's just a disc
Pretty interesting stuff on here that we can sample
We probably have to dump a few things
You never know, that could be the greatest disc ever
It could be, I agged out it though I listened to it
I do have a man colder bed on there I'm going to play in a minute
It's called Ancotor So Bitchy, I think you enjoy that
Everybody can feel like through darks at the radio
5670560, pound 56 on the horizon
Sing it a wireless line
Let's hear it for the heat baby
They're white hot
WDQAM, hello
Let's get that QAV weapon jolt on ya
WDQAM, hello
Hello, Neil
Yes
Here we remember Fruitcake
Yeah
It's been years and years since I used to hear that guy call ya
Yeah, he's in Israel
Did you play the rest of the song?
Yeah, I mean
5670560, pound 56 on the horizon sing it a wireless line
WDQAM, hello
QAV, WDQAM, hello
QAV
Kevin Spacey on the poor
Kevin Spacey, what's self-hating about him?
Anyway, that's all I call down
What's self-hating about Kevin Spacey?
You don't even understand the poor question
What is it in the closet?
So what does that mean?
That makes him self-hating?
Almost every famous gay person is in a closet
Go ahead
I'm just interested in the folder
Obviously
Anyways, for some reason I read the broke back mounting short story
Yeah
And in the one 10 scene, the catcher guy says
Oh, I don't know if it's going on
567, 567, 0560, pound 56 on the horizon sing it a wireless line
Only one thing I can say about that guy
Yeah, talking about people in the closet
Well, there's rumors that Kevin Spacey is in the closet
No, I know that
That doesn't qualify for the poll
No, I know, I'm just throwing that out there
I don't think there's any doubt about that
Good info for you
No, it's not good info, it's old news, man
I hate to break the news, well maybe with your crowd, it's big news
Old news
That's like saying that Raymond Burr with you
He's one of those guys
Depending on what mood he feels like
One day he's in next day, he's got like one toe on the edge of the closet door there, you know
Which is at least his improvement
We don't have to have our Kelly go there and shoot him up, you know
But I'm not going to have any shade
Our Kelly might just do it
567, 0560, pound 56 on the horizon sing it a wireless line
WBQYM, hello
Anya
Yes sir
Check out my idiot palm
I think you might enjoy that
My idiot's calm
My idiot dot com
Yeah
Check it out
Okay
Thank you
How many QAM, hello
I thought that's what we were doing today on this phone checking out my idiot
Is that what we're doing?
That's what we're doing
How many QAM, my idiot's dot com, hello
Neil
Yes sir
I really want to give Susan Gray a red one
Okay Gray, I'm really happy to hear it
I told you before the show today
Today, Ram's with Susan Gray
What do I tell you?
I even, he got me so curious, I mean Google Susan Gray
I watch, he liked the Google Susan Gray, so I was like it
Now there's all kinds of Susan Gray, there's Susan Gray the singer, she's got her own website
Yeah, did you have any here some of that crap?
No, I did not
Why do you think I was looking at you?
Lucky you
He doesn't care about her voice, okay, he's not concerned, I'm sure that any of the other people on my website
From a distance on that one picture I've seen, she looked pretty fine
From a long, long ways away, from afar
Yeah, she's good
Are you guys still picking out or what's the story there?
I have more food, but I can't, I can't eat it, I can't eat it
Well, wrap it up and do a doggy bag, man, take it home doggy stuff
Don't you think I'm, I'm a head of you?
Yes, I bet you tell me he's like 180 now
Going away myself again?
I think, I think I think I think I'm going to hail
Yeah, I think during the break you got a wattle in there and hop on that scale because
Speaking of wattling in, you know, who waddled in as soon as they saw some food
Oh, don't tell me
If you tell me that fat boy waddled in there, I'm going to be the other one, not a high boy
The other one?
The other fat boy
Not the beast
What can lassois go doing there
I guarantee you for food
He gets in there, let me look at his schedule
He was on 530 to 10 o'clock on the board
So that means he was there like at 5 o'clock this morning
And he comes in there at noon, I guarantee
There's no way in the world he would have stayed around there if there wasn't a bunch of food in there
Now please tell me you didn't give him any food, please
Oh no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
All for me
All for me
I'm serious, you didn't give him a crumb of you
No, no, no
We gave a little bit to, uh, to Gen, she came in and we liked Gen, right?
We like her a lot absolutely so we gave her one of the crab martinis which she
Good, well, they love well give give some crap to the hoser there
This is Neil Roger, you're gonna be the first one
This is five sixteen
She's a
We got it, it just got the rail and when I'm up in Belkettiga slapping all women with painted lips around the pool
I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two
I mean I listen to the Neil Rogers here in balance one to two hours
Wuh, wuh, wuh, wuh, wuh, wuh
On the 9-11 widows and in particular a group that had been outspoken and critical of the administration
These frauds of millionaires lie in eyes on TV
I've never seen people enjoying their husband's death so much
Yeah, and culture so bad she is full of hate
Makes everybody angry gets the lip rolls all worked up
Worship bad a fox knew a gang cause his blonde and tall
But if she ever ran it up, man, fame no one would get at all
You could be a widow you could be a prince
You know that she'll attack you if you ever disagree
I wonder why she's saying again my drop in the robber bombs
She supports our soldiers by attacking great-grandpa
Can your bankers go away?
Can we break your skinny lips?
Sure!
We're in West each other's face
But if I'll get in the way
Is she a woman anyway?
One thing we charge a day and talk to the streets
Does the group think they're just fake owls?
To speak out using the fact that they're widows
How about sending in somebody we're allowed to respond to?
No, no, no, no, we always have to respond to someone who just had a family member doll
I think that's the only way we can respond to the story
These broads are millionaires
I've never seen people enjoying their husbands death so much
Yes, they're all over the news
She had told it, her balls get in the way, it was a good line
You did, you fought, you wore
Hey man, wasn't that pretty good?
That was good
That was a good thing I went down there and got that disc during that long-pond-wrestling
That near-done song
Ann Arbor and Michigan, man, they got the good stuff at Ann Arbor
That's where Sigourney Weaver should have gone
That's where they got the good stuff
Now does George have that movie?
What?
So I can see it
I imagine how he knows he has
Yes, he does
Okay, that's a lot of it
I amazone.com to to him
He liked it, he liked it
He just gave me another movie that I just watched
What was that?
A frailty?
Frailty
What is that all about?
I don't know if you'd like that one
It was Matthew McConaughey Bill Paxton
A pretty crazy movie about a guy who says he has a vision from God
and he goes on this killing spree because God is telling him to kill demons kind of thing
But pretty interesting
Hmm, he never recommended that to me
Maybe he doesn't think it's your bag
What the hell does that mean?
Am I some kind of like emotional cripple? Is that it?
Maybe it's not my bag
Anyway, you like a imaginary hero, is that I think?
I'm not sure, but I can't imagine anybody not like an Ann Arbor movie
It's really good
Sigourney Weaver is just great in that movie
A man who ran naked through his neighborhood to persuade his girlfriend to marry him
God, more than he bargained for when he was chased and shot at police
How did Tommy's weight come out?
You know what, he didn't gain any
He's just the same, he's about 177
Where'd he go?
He left?
No, over here
Oh, I thought maybe Aiden ran out
That wouldn't surprise me
No, no, no
I'm very proud of that you had turned the beast down
Although I don't know whether I should believe that or not
I have Josh for a witness
He went into Josh's room too and said
Look at you Aiden
He gave about two sniffs and then when I didn't look or react
That he was in here, I think then he left
I would have cut some really foul cheesens and said hey, be sniff this
That's what I would have done
How did you give him a joy?
The couple were discussing marriage early Wednesday
When the woman said she wasn't sure if she was ready
When Ann Arbor police reports
The man responded at taking risks
Is an important part of life
And to prove his point
Jumped out of her first floor window and ran naked across the street
Before he could return he spotted a couple walking
And hidden some bushes to avoid them
A 28-year-old man noticed the bushes rustling
And bare feet underneath
Then drew a 40-calibre handgun
And ordered the naked man out
Usually when he walked in by a bunch of bushes
The bushes aren't rustling unless it's pretty windy
And especially when he usually see a bunch of bare feet
A whole bunch of them
The naked suit ran away but the armman gave chase and threatened to shoot police in
The gunman fired a shot and the naked man fell to the ground suffering minor injuries
How do you like that?
What if he shot him in the...
A resident called police who arrested the gunman on charges of aggravated assault
And carrying concealed weapon
He was released following further investigation
The naked man was not arrested and did not want to pursue charges
Why?
Well, would you?
Would you want the publicity of running around naked like a crazy person?
And somebody told him he's got it
He's already got it
I mean, the guy just shot him for no reason
That's pretty bad
Well, what do you mean for no reason?
If you're lurking naked in the bushes and you're with your girlfriend or whoever
Were they his wife?
Oh, I got a good line for that but then we'll be all done
Assus and Grey
Okay
The American Civil Liberties Union, I got a lot of stuff I'm going to go through this hour
So these clowns on the phone, I don't have time for it
We took tons of calls that were really great, maybe one, okay, maybe one
WDQYM, hello
Hello, do you?
Yes, sir
Hey, that movie's frailty that Jason's talking about
You did see it, that was like two or three years ago
Because you guys were talking about it, you and George and I got it just to see it
It's pretty good
Well, I shouldn't have ring any bells with me
He was running around killing people for the hell of it
No, no, no, jump text on this to that
And my kind of knee is a little kid and he has a roller
And jump text and just brings like horse and like a bed of files into the house
And he kills them and buries them in the back yard in the shed
It's a good movie, I mean, I thought it was
Well, I better watch it again because I must forget all about it
I got a question for you and your audience
Yes, sir
If anybody can figure it out
What the hell is Donnie Darko about the ending?
I will send you a basket of apples
When he dies in the end
Yeah, I know who that is but like he can travel back and find
He travels to the future and he figure out the ending destroys
And otherwise sensational movie
The movie is terrific and then in the end
So, the mother, I mean, for me the mother is the best job I have to do
I'm wondering about Jake Gyllenhaal, every movie he gets it in the end
See how proud of him, see he got that
Yeah, he was in that broadcast mounting I think
Who's the other guy that was in it? I don't want to know
What a horrible movie, I sure hope Tom, he didn't see that movie
You wouldn't watch that with your broadcast mounting
Yeah, good choice
Did I start with this thing?
What was the other movie? I was just like, oh, last night
What the hell was the name of that movie?
Oh my God, it was so strange
Can't believe I can't think what the hell it was
Being with this, go through all movies, if you can with an S
Strangely?
No
Let me do my IMDB
What did you say?
Yeah, it will save the ones that I just been googling right on the IMDB website
Huh?
One more please
Who's in it? You got any hints for us so we can get it?
Oh, it's fine, it's fine, it's relaxed
Sleepwalkers
Oh, that's a classic, the Stephen King movie
Yeah, I saw that
You saw that? Of course, a million times
Get out of here, are you kidding me?
You think that's a good movie?
It's crazy, but you know, it's got its purpose
I don't know wrong with that
There are several, you know, the comments that IMDB, there are several people
Since the worst movie they've ever seen in their life
I mean, I wouldn't get to see
Which I guess they didn't see the Kurt Cobain movie last days
But it's like a USA movie, you know what I mean?
I don't think it was out in theaters
It's got a 4.3 out of 10, that's pretty weak
4.3
You know what, you know, the only thing that kept me watching was Brian Kraus
Who, the guy in the movie?
Yeah, the blonde kid
Now, you know, imagine, listen to me
I could be wrong, but I could, I can google it here
Madsen Amick, now he was in Return to the Blue Lagoon
And I think she was a chickenette movie too
What are you saying?
What, you never saw Return to the Blue Lagoon?
No, I'm telling you, Ash Tommy, Tommy, do you see that?
Yeah, she's pretty hot
Madsen Amick
No? I don't know what her name is
Which one you're talking about?
There were only two basically people
They were stranded on the island again, they went back
The young girl
The young girl
He was the young guy, it was Brian Kraus was in that movie
Okay, in fact, you're wasting my time, okay?
You guys are just...
I remember her from Sleepwalkers
Well, he's your worst bad now, I'll tell you
Let's see, how old is he? He's 37
Boy, he's your aging badly, Brian Kraus
His picture is here on IMDB, Holy cow
Oh, it's her name again?
Madsen Amick, okay, wait a minute
No, I don't want to go back to Sleepwalkers, they aren't excuse me
Excuse me, I want to go back to, I heard his return to the Blue Lagoon
1991, he played Richard
He played...
Oh look at that, that one's even dead at a war...
And it was a horrible movie, 4.0 out of 10, that's right
Oh no, it was Milla Jojovich, excuse me, I'm sorry
He was in that, but it was good to record Jojovich
Yeah, so there you go
Actually, she was in the Sleepwalkers, the other one, Madsen Amick, you didn't think she was cute?
Yes, she was just fine
And he was almost as pretty as she was, I thought
Okay, well I'm just telling you right now, that's why I watched a little bit about
half an hour of it, and I said, ah, enough with this
You thought that was a good movie, Sleepwalkers?
It was, you know, it's not...
Yeah, I see you're into the Stephen King thing, man
You're sucked in because it's Stephen King, that automatically must be a good movie
It's not true
It sucks, it was horrendous
And the question is, I think you liked it, huh?
It was like a USA movie I think
And I'm not think so, it was a regular In The Theater movie
And of course the incestuous thing with his mother there, that was...
Well, that was a little bit over the top
Part of the movie, man
Oh, there's John Murther carrying on
We are the targets, we are causing the problem
You know who wants us to stay in Iraq right now?
We have Kite wants us here because it recruits people for
China wants us here, North Korea wants us here, Russia wants us here
We're depleting our resources
Just like Russia depleted their resources and that damn thing
That's the same thing is happening
But in the United States
There you go, you go, John
I say John Murther for president, if it was a successful old fat guy
He's good, he's got a pair, man
Not as big as Ann Coders, but he's got a pair
12 minutes after 1 at 5, 60 WQAM
If you're a cigar smoker, like to kick back with a good premium brand, then Vahe is cigar as...
By Tony Borhani, this is for you
These hard to find cigars are made with first grade tobacco processed in aged up to 10 years
But he is a real boutique cigar maker
Specializing in small batch hard to find tobacco
But he a gold affix, he applying gets a 91 rating by cigar, fishing out a cigar and citer
And 9.1 rating by Smoke Magazine
This rich flavored web balance pulled body Nicaragua and cigars got
Earthy hints of dark roast coffee, chocolate, spicy pepper flavors
Also be sure to try the Beehive de Sao, the highest release cigar in last 10 months
It gets a high rating of 91 by cigar, fishing out a prestigious cigar and citer
The de Sao is a powerful cigar, it manages a big gut blaster
With complex notes of leather earth and pepper
The finishes long and full-bodied, with additional spice and a note of charred wood
If you want to save you a lot of money if you want to save 40% off the cost of all your beehive cigars
Call us toll free number and tell them that all near Rogers toward the call
1-800-35 by here, that's 1-800-35, BAH-I-A
This is New Rogers
This is 5.69 AF
The president met with religious leaders today in order to put a federal constitutional ban on
Tainsites marriage on the front burner
Gay rights activist, they, the president, is hand-arranged
Marriage is the most fundamental institution of civilization
I believe a marriage is between a man and a human
What they do in the privacy of their house, consenting adults should be able to do
This is America, it's a free society
We have to redefine traditional marriage
Coming out
I am mindful that we are all sinners
In large-eyed coming outs
It's 117-560-WTO-OM
The American Civil Majorities Union sued the U.S. Defense Department yesterday
It's a demand information and says the government is collecting
Our groups are opposed to the war in Iraq
The group says the Pentagon has been monitoring anti-war groups and individuals
that, a compiled list of people that sees as potential threats
But, who the ACOU says are just exercising their free speech rights
The suit was the ACA-US first attempt to force the Pentagon to disclose domestic surveillance
and followed similar suits by the organization against the FBI and the Justice Department.
It's absolutely improper for the U.S. military to keep databases on lawful First Amendment
free speech activities, said ACA-US attorney Ben Weisner.
These are peaceful law-abiding groups and individuals who oppose U.S. war policy but
oppose no threat to the military.
The ACA-US had the Defense Department shared the information with other government agencies
through the database, known as the Threat and Local Observation Notice or Talent.
The threat, like the way they old farce in San Diego, remember that in Fahrenheit 9-11?
Those old cookie-making farce men who eaten cookies.
Not only knows what was in those cookies.
How many votes we got?
1148.
Democrats are touting six polls released this week that all brought good news for Senate
Democrats and Democratic candidates, Koyne Ross, story.
In New Jersey, incumbent Democrat Robert Menendez looks safer than ever, increasing his leader
over Tom Kane 43-36.
Bush's popularity seems to be a real issue in New Jersey where Bush's approval is under 30%.
530, man.
And New Jersey voters agree with claims that Kane Jr. is a George Bush Republican by 25 points
spread.
Pennsylvania State Treasury is leading incumbent obnoxious right wing Republican Rick Santorum
in the latest strategic vision survey 49-40%.
Though this is not a record gap in the race by any means, cases laid over San Terms
have been consistent.
An independent poll conducted for Ohio TV stations this week, show Democratic
Chandra Sherrod Brown with a 48-39% lead over Republican incumbent Mike DeWine.
Enichot-Zone in Tennessee.
Congressman Harold Ford is polling statistically tied by all three GOP candidates, hoping
this to see retiring Kirk Senator Bill Fist.
There you go.
But you still have the sinking feeling in your heart that knowing the way the Democratic
Party can always grasp the feet from the jaws of victory, that something will happen.
And plus, of course, we already had a couple of June surprises in the last week.
Maybe we'll have a July surprise at an August and September and probably a very big October
surprise.
Perhaps.
Maybe even I'll have like the charred remains of somebody called Osama.
It might not be Osama, but you know, we don't even have a mullipola Omar much less,
what's the other, I'm in the parliament.
Well, maybe one of these days a 500 pound bomb will find him.
I came through for him, really depressed.
And by the way, just one foot note on this and then I'm just going to wipe him off my
memory bank as far as your general manager's concern.
He, because the only reason I got that email is because Norma Kent, like a Santa
Macostic message that he didn't respond to the two emails I sent on Monday.
So he responds to the one that had nothing to do with any issues.
Okay, there was just, you know, anybody could have done that with some cost to comment.
But the one where I laid out the issues that are facing all of us on this radio station,
just the stone wall to get ignored.
So where there's no sense, there's no feeling.
Okay, so don't go there.
That's my best suggestion.
Don't go there.
Unlike our president, he's not a problem solver.
In the aftermath of three suicides at the Conteversal Guantanamo Prison Facility in Cuba
last Saturday, reporters with the LA Times and the Miami Herald were ordered by the Office
of Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld to leave the island yesterday.
A third reporter and a photographer with the Charlotte Observer were given the option
Stainfield Saturday, but editor and publisher has learned were told that their access to
the prison camp was now denied.
And he and Pete pressing issues column on Tuesday covered in eye opening dispatch by the observer's
Michael Gordon carried widely in other papers.
He had listened in with permission as the camp commander gave frank instructions to staff
on how to respond to the suicides.
All four journalists left the island yesterday arrived in Miami about 12.30 in the PM.
A Pentagon spokesman JD Gordon confirmed they ordered to leave the island this morning,
but told editor and publisher was unmarried to the stories produced by the journalist.
While admitting that Gordon's piece had caused controversy, he asserted that the move was
related to other media outlets threatening to sue if they weren't allowed in.
He didn't say why instead of explying reporters already there, the Pentagon simply didn't
just let the others in be beyond citing new security concerns.
Everything is a big secret, baby, because it's the war on terror.
It's the war on terror.
Don't you understand?
Everything is the war on terror.
When the hell did I send you this article?
You know I had a print this out from our website.
I don't remember sending this to you.
Must be my Alzheimer's.
Southern Baptist won't back public school pull out.
Okay.
I remember the previous article I mentioned yesterday.
When the hell did I send this?
I don't know.
Oh, don't worry.
The reason that the Southern Baptist Convention refused yesterday is to support a resolution urging
the domination of former strategy for removing children from public schools in favor of
homeschooling or education at private schools.
You know homeschooling like like that.
The exit strategy proposed by Roger Moran of Troy, Missouri and Texas author Bruce Short
came as many Southern Baptist are concerned about how classrooms are handling subjects such
as homosexuality and intelligent design.
But the SBC's resolutions committee instead called on members to engage the culture of
our public school systems by exerting godly influence declining to put the proposal from
Moran and short before delegates to their annual meeting.
Exert godly influence.
I'm sure they're talking about the committee instead forwarded a more moderate resolution
titled on engaging the direction of the public school system which was to be debated last
night at the final session of their annual meeting.
The proposal from Moran and Short author of the harsh truth about public schools complains
that curricular teaching that the homosexual lifestyle is acceptable are being implemented
in public schools.
Mainly are just obsessed.
All these farbitch and egoim may not be obsessed with homos.
It's all they know from.
They're obsessed with homos.
And yet the American public doesn't give a flying cap about homos and where they got
bigger fish to fry.
That's what Susan Gray told me.
And he liked that.
You know what she said?
Yeah.
She said they all come to the fish fry.
No trans fats there.
1155 votes.
I think we got a little shot here in 1200 day during the show.
That would be impressive.
Especially since I didn't think this poll would attract like you know a whole I don't
know just didn't feel that they would even like the one guy didn't even understand it.
Why would you think that after this week we've had such good response.
It's been the white guy that what he tried to say is that was shot at George.
Hey Tommy when George comes back tell him that Josh is throwing him out of the bus.
Just like a fat boy tried to throw him out of the bus.
Well it's getting pretty crowded out of that bus.
So the beast came in there snoring for a free food.
He just had a sniffing around.
Sniffing around a little.
Now was he waiting for you to offer him something or a while ago?
I guess.
He was standing over me really.
He was hovering.
Yes he was.
What a cow.
I wasn't going to give him any of my.
I guess the feeling Tommy hates him like poison.
Who?
The beast.
Silence is golden.
Silence is golden.
And you remember for Ralph kept talking about dumping him off the show.
He just you know he runs you the wrong way in a very short period of time.
Look when we hit him on the show here what day was it that we hit him on for a couple
hours.
I couldn't wait for him to get that out of there.
He just gets on your nerves.
And of course Moll was very tight with him.
But then he was at least Moll was consistent.
He was that way with everybody.
You know I saw this thing yesterday I saw the clip on TV how embarrassing.
You see your president.
Oh when he's with the reporters.
Yeah the reporter from the LA.
Tommy's the after-hungie dark cage.
The guy is legally blind.
He has only a little bit of peripheral vision.
And then he's like so where's the dark shades.
But the last afterwards.
Yeah everything's a big joke.
Yeah.
Everything's a big joke.
Well when you're on moron everything is like.
Just like that.
Everything is exactly it.
President Bush who often teases members of the White House press corps apologize yesterday
after he poked on it and be ported for wearing sunglasses without realizing that we needed
for vision loss.
The exchange occurred at a news conference in the Rose Garden.
He called on LA Times reporter Peter Walston asked if he was going to ask his question
with his shades on.
For the viewers there's no sunboy said to the TV cameras.
But even though the sun was behind the clouds Walton still leads the sunglasses because
he has stargarts disease a form of macular degeneration that causes progressive vision
loss.
The condition causes Walston to be sensitive to wear and even on a cloudy day can cause
pain and increase the loss of sight.
Walston said Bush called a cell phone later in the day to apologize tell me he didn't
realize he had the disease.
He said I need to leave guys out of affection.
Walston said I said I understand that but I want you to keep I don't want you to keep
me differently because of it.
Whatever.
So probably next time they have one of them he'll probably slip in the burden.
Hopefully he doesn't see it.
Right.
Very sad.
It's that kind of compassionate conservators and that you know permeates the whole world
now thanks to the Bushmeister.
And thanks for those low gas prices too Mr. President thank you so much.
27 after one at five sixty W. Kim and if you love the finer things in life then you
love Stogie's.
My misquit essential cigar shop in Kindle with South Florida's largest selection of
cigars Stogie's of Kindle is sure to have all your favorites.
Stogie's got over a thousand open boxes of cigars to choose from including our Turo
Fuente, Padrone, Monte Cristo, Romeo and Juliet.
And lots more including a large selection of premium cigars of close out prices as well
as the obscure and hard to find stuff.
If you want the good stuff come into Stogie's today and enjoy a smooth smoke in their
wine line featuring some of the finest both equal lines around the world.
In fact in that movie in what is the imaginary heroes.
Yeah.
Before she gets busted.
Sigourney weaver she goes in the she she finds some pot hidden in the it because there's
all kinds of drugs in her house everybody's doing every kind of drug and she finds a little
bag.
And so she goes to the convenience store and she says I need some papers.
Instead of selling your papers the guy he gave us a resident in the cemetery gives
it to her cigars.
So cut this in half take the tobacco out roll it up and make a you know and that's
it.
Incredible.
Where are you going to say it blunt?
Join Stogie's every Friday for their wine tasting from five to eight p.m. featuring
some of the most delicious Bordeaux's France has to offer located in one 16 12 North
Kindle drive open every day seven days a week or call a reserve of box your favorite cigars
at Stogie's column of 305 598 980 820 and be sure when you go into our Stogie's
say hello to Mario and the girls Sandra and Yanni and get you a free cigar the day just
for mentioning their name they like that.
Stogie's column of 305 598 98 20.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 516 QA.
That my junior honey.
This is an ABC news special report.
Today in Iraqis are celebrating the death of Abu Moussaq al-Zirqawi and this morning
president posted justice for deliverance.
Now Zirqawi has met his end and this violent man will never murder a geek.
I'll ask you a couple of questions today Scott.
Do you want to go on?
Yeah.
My name is John.
Oh I'm saying you're sure John.
You're still looking at me.
What whatever.
Um, does this mean we can finally get out of Iraq and bring the truth home?
I recognize that Americans want our troops to come home as quickly as possible.
This will not happen on my watch.
Are you getting out of here?
Let me finish with that John.
We intend to stay forever.
Oh, 133 27.02 we got Gully and all that stuff coming up at 2 o'clock.
Mad Dog at 4 and then we got of course very intensive shank stuff.
I'm sure with a big panel.
I was going to be on there like till forever like Bush is there.
I bet you're right.
Marlon's on decades history.
We got Marlon's hosting the Bravishes they tried for the sweep before the blue days
come in a ton of them are in any K.
Hey got the heat we want directly after the game is what it says here.
What if the game is like I'm not going to go in that again because you're going to
see him silly answer.
Wait till you hear this.
It goes to show I made a premature purchase.
Uh oh on my docking station.
The state of the art I Carter makes it easier for people to listen to beats while using
the bathroom.
It gives a completely new meaning to the phrase rock and roll.
They've invented a cutting edge gadget combining a portable music player and a toilet paper
dispenser and there's a picture over right here.
Whoa where can I see this?
It's on babymail.co.
Where the hell did I find this?
What I don't know.
I don't know.
Send me that link why don't you?
No.
I'm Lynn Samuels okay LynnSamuels.com.
Oh never mind.
And it's why not.
Just kidding.
It says the iPod that lets you roll with it's got it's got not a picture but a drawing
of it.
Anyway the state of the art device called an I Carter makes it easier for people to listen
to beats while using the bathroom.
It's designed according to U.S. manufacturers to enhance your experience in the smallest
room.
The gadget which cost around 99 bucks merges an iPod docking station with a Lou roll
dispenser.
This is in the England daily mail.
Hey Lou.
After music lovers have downloaded it.
It seems to me there's an awful lot of downloading going to be going on in the magic
room.
After you've downloaded songs from the internet on their iPod they can place it in a socket
in the top of the dispenser.
And you know it shows you're going to throw it a roll dispenser but in the back of it
it's got a bracket and it's got a slot in the top and you stick your iPod in there.
It's a docking station with a roll of toilet paper.
Sweet.
Then while sitting on the toilet using the shower luxuriating in a bubble bath they can
listen to their favorite tunes.
The device delivers high quality sounds from moisture resistance speakers according to the
manufacturer.
8-tech flash technology.
It also recharges the iPod while playing songs.
Either pre-programmed or random selection.
The Arcarta's 8 inches wide 7 inches deep and 3 inches high designed to be mounted on
the bathroom wall.
Kind of like Clarins used to that.
It's getting mounted on the bathroom wall and it's powered by rechargable batteries.
It's the latest high-tech contraption that features an MP3 player.
Manufacturers have already produced a robotic dog that dances when somebody connects it
to a music player.
DGs have been a four-seat vinyl records and CDs for mixing discs which use iPods.
What is a mixing disc?
I don't know what that is.
Do you know what that is?
No, not sure.
Although I'm looking at the picture of this right now.
You see it?
Yeah.
Looks pretty neat, don't it?
Yeah, it's awesome.
Wow.
Now just be careful though because it looks like the iPod is often close to the toilet paper
roll.
So careful what you're smearing around there.
And that model is white.
Yeah.
I want to get a little closer.
Oh, that's right.
And then in April the male told how the latest model of the classic Swiss Army and I featured
a detangible MP3 player which means owners of the state of the art knife could store
and prep 250 songs downloaded from the internet.
One website which reviews the latest technology described our card is one of the stranger iPod
accessories we've ever seen but it's certainly ideal for anyone wanting to listen to rock band
Oasis number one single rule with it.
And that cute rule with it.
Ah, ah.
Oh man.
That is really most amusing.
Not.
It looks okay.
I mean you don't want to waste your docking station by sticking it in the toilet.
You know, right.
Yeah.
If it would ever show up.
1195 votes.
You got to be kidding me.
We're going to 1165.
I'm sorry.
1165.
That means we need 35 in 23 minutes to get to 1200 by 2 o'clock.
We can do it.
I think that would be written up like in the anals of the human race.
We would probably get in the Guinness Book of Records when you think.
Yeah.
5670560.
Pound 56 in the Verizon singular wireless line.
WQYM.
Hello.
QYM.
Up the gray one.
Yeah, we were.
We hope we would.
We hope he would croak.
WQYM.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
It's interesting.
You brought up that iPod thing for the bathroom.
Yeah.
You know, I guess it's going to keep the feet while you're going.
But for what I can add, the Starbucks down here could really use those things.
Anybody have any idea what that means?
He's a crazy person.
Oh.
Oh, that's unusual.
WQYM.
Hello.
QYM.
Tell me how are you guys?
I'm a iPod mixer thing.
I know a friend of mine is a DJ.
It's a part five of the Re-Cates and you put two iPods in it instead of mixing with
distance and fooling around and getting the distance from one pocket to another and mixing
and back and forth.
Right.
All your music is just in two iPods and you don't change anything.
It's just kind of cool.
Okay.
That's all there.
Okay.
Thanks, Pound.
566705.
So sorry I brought that thing up.
56670560, Pound 566 and the Verizon's ticket to wireless line.
WQYM.
Hello.
QYM.
WQYM.
Hello.
Well, these are strange.
See that?
Oh, there it is.
QYM.
Hello.
Hey, good afternoon.
Yes, sir.
You were talking yesterday about the big A and in a 40-year career in radio, that is the
big A and in a 40-year career in the bill in it.
Byron McGregor.
Byron McGregor, all right.
Yeah.
Byron McGregor, Grant Hudson, CKLW, you know, all those guys.
Byron McGregor, CKLW, 20, 20, 20.
Right.
He was right.
And the thing about it was, the reason you could hear it all around the lake was because
the radio actually ran out into the lake.
Right.
And the property was on the edge of the lake because it got the horrendous daytime and nighttime
signal around the thing.
But it was the best thing out of it.
I ain't not going to come.
Like those guys in radio fish, nothing ever beats a big A.
You're absolutely correct.
Greatest radio show.
And now, ladies and gentlemen, the Charlie Van Dyke show.
CKLW, number one.
And the water is...
How do you like that?
Yeah, from Dallas.
Right.
Charles Leo Stainland.
Anyway, Sergeant Radio in his 14 with those pipes.
Can I make a shameless request?
Yes, sir.
The Shack version, unless you've already played it.
The Shack version of Jimmy and Danny.
You got it.
Thank you.
See you, Palli.
See how they did baby.
I mean, put Davies.
Thanks for all these guys.
Well, how can I...
Now, this...
Oh, see that?
That must be me.
I must have put him on hold or something.
You locked it?
No, you locked it.
I got a little lock signal on my...
Okay, Jimmy.
Now, just relax.
Okay, Tommy, I realize that you're not ordinarily in the hotel.
There you go.
Just relax.
God, almighty.
I think the food must have sent his blood sugar up to him.
I'm not a sugar in here, man.
Man, talk about wire-ditted...
God, just relax.
Everything's under control.
Okay.
141 and 560 WDQM, hey, for years.
I've been telling you if your mattress is done.
If it's finished and they don't ask for ever, even the good ones.
Do the smart thing.
Don't go rushing out there to your bedding and department stores.
Waste a lot of gas in time.
Make that one easy call from right there on your ass.
Call 1-800-MATRUS.
Because the folks at Dallas-MATRUS can deliver a brand new one to you.
And any two-hour window that you choose, wins convenient for you.
They have knowledgeable bedding consultants and lots more.
If you thought doubting 1-800-MATRUS on the phone was easy, check out mattress.com online.
Shop on the wicked web anytime, day or night, with product details, prices and photos.
And you can even check out online or call to place your order and schedule a delivery, like I said,
wins convenient for you.
Get factory direct prices lower than the chain stores, even their so-called during big sales.
Plus, Dallas-MATRUS offers you 12 months financing, too.
Dallas-MATRUS, you'll find a complete line of silly and certain king-coil Simmons temperpidic and Stern's ad bananas foster.
When you call 1-800-MATRUS, you get unbeatable prices on the best brands.
They rank number one in the world in customer satisfaction.
So like I said, instead of schlepping all over town, wasting that expensive gas and getting ripped off the boot.
Just sit there and make the one easy call. You can be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight.
Call 1-800-MATRUS.
1-800-MATRUS.
Leave off the last S because it stands for Eric Stahl.
This is Neil Rogers.
What's all it is? This is 5.62 AF.
The big H-Colding.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
Don't be too heavy.
That's it.
That's it.
Look who's here.
It's Chuck.
I don't care about any of you people.
I just spend your money.
I just spend my money.
I just spend my money.
I just spend my money.
I just spend my money.
I just spend my money.
I just spend my money.
I just spend my money.
I just spend my money.
I just spend my money.
I just spend my money.
I just spend my money.
I just spend my money.
I just spend my money.
I just spend my money.
And the health sector pays attention
The poor one holds their own home andäämme lazy rules.
see the interviews with these housewives in Crawford, Texas.
Well gee, he come by and he signed our thing for us.
And he's just, oh man.
In the Britney's paper The Guardian, which occasionally
tells a little bit too much of the truth,
this is not a good way to end the show today.
It's a very scary story.
DNA sequences can form some of the most deadly pathogens
known to man, and they can be bought over the internet.
The Guardians discovered.
An investigation which shows the ease
with which terrorist organizations could obtain
the basic ingredients of biological weapons,
this newspaper obtained a short sequence of smallpox DNA.
The deadly virus has existed only in laboratories
since being eradicated from the world's population
about 30, man.
30 years ago.
The DNA sequence of smallpox as well as
other potentially dangerous pathogens such as
polio virus and 1918 flu are freely available
in online public databases.
So to build a virus from scratch,
a terrorist would simply order consecutive lengths of DNA
along the sequence and glue them together in the correct order.
This is beyond the skills and equipment of the kitchen chemists
who could be achieved by a well-funded terrorist
with access to a basic lab and PhD level personnel.
One study estimated that because most people on the planet
had no resistance to the extinct virus,
an initial release which infected just 10 people
which spread to 2.2 million people in 180 days,
or around the world in 180 days.
The DNA sample we ordered had an R-request
three small modifications to render it harmless
before was sent by post to a residential address in London.
The company has since conceded that it wasn't aware
that it was sending out a sequence of modified smallpox DNA.
There are legitimate reasons for researchers to buy
lines of DNA from pathogens, for example,
in developing treatments or vaccines against them.
However, because this industry is so new and unregulated,
companies are selling custom aid DNA without making thorough checks
on the identities that the people are placing in the orders
or what the sequences are.
I'm Schmerrolin, the broadest I want to store it.
And no problem, here you go, I am.
Of the four main companies operating in the UK,
none currently screens all their DNA orders.
There are 39 companies operating in North America
and not all of them screen their orders.
This is the most disturbing story I've heard for a long time
said MP Phil Wilson, chairman of the
Parliamentary Science and Technology Committee,
over there with the Brits.
There is currently a massive loophole
which needs to be dealt with by regulation or legislation.
Not that we want you to get nervous,
or anybody get like panicking, anything like that.
But, and of course you remember what the old cheesehead,
Tommy Thompson, said, our former secretary of HHS,
remember what he said?
What did he say?
Then he was shocked that they haven't like poisoned
their food supply yet because it's so easy.
Remember that?
This is also the same guy when he talked about
the photographer from the inquirer.
Remember he got, he died from the anthrax that came in a mail.
Yeah.
He said, well, he was an outdoorsman,
he drank from a crick, he drank from a crick,
and maybe he had a crick at his neck and then he died.
And speaking of Rumsfeld, you know what he died from,
don't you, the guy at the inquirer?
Antrax.
That was, how we do not investigate him, by the way.
Got anybody any persons of interest?
No.
After they trashed that one guy and destroyed his life,
that person of interest.
And how about Mulla Bala Omar and I'm in the Pymon
and Osama Yamama?
Got any of them yet?
But we got Alzerkale baby and a present made another one
that was stirring photo ops over there the other day.
You're draft dodging president and even finishes guard service.
Somebody made a really good point here.
They ate none of these people.
None of them served in the military.
Cheney, draft dodger.
But the only one they had in the whole operation
there was Roland Cullen and he sold out.
You know, he said to her if he went and held up that vial,
speaking of all this.
And oh yeah, just lied to his teeth.
After originally saying them, hey, I threw you through the
script back to them and said, I'm not going to read this
crap and guess what he did.
So I have a feeling just like some other people we know.
The reason that all this stuff is going on is some people
are being made an offer that they can't refuse.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
By the way, Donald Rumsfeld looks like Skeletor.
I want to make him an offer to come with you.
Yeah.
He just, if the Nazis wouldn't be a proud of that piece of crap,
I don't know who that would be.
And there's another one.
Every time he gets to the get it with the media has one of
those press briefings, everything.
And you see, you people in the media, you're the ones
responsible for those 2500 deaths because they never
going to pull this crap off if it wouldn't have been
for your compliance man bending over and dropping the
body wash.
Now that's what they do, man.
The media they bend over and drop.
And that Rob Marciano, there are a lot of people who
would like to buy him some body wash just in hopes
that he might drop it.
Haven't seen him today with or without the clothes on.
Well, 1195 plus tanks.
We're going to do it.
Can you believe this?
Fantastic.
1200 votes on his very marginal pool.
I don't know.
I didn't think this would go over this big.
Of course, man colders on there.
I should play that fit again where she get the balls are in the
way.
This is Neil Roger.
This is 5'16 Q.A.L.
It's day I, Miami Town.
Here at 5'16 O.W.U.A.L.
It's been brought by the internship that your ratings
had gone down.
Well, I don't know.
I sure you went a big ass.
Hey, I was till you're here.
And how?
You're done.
You're good.
Why so much good enough to fill my baggy pants?
Are you amazing?
I ain't no jigs.
I love to be coming back.
I can't.
I'm trying to consider me a little bit considerate.
If you want to know what it'll say, get from shutting
that transformative lounge.
Why?
That's easy.
You.
Roger, me is small.
Roger, me is small.
I'm not going away.
Roger, me is small.
I'm not going away.
I'm not going away.
I think there are three class only that you did today.
Right there, my ratings have gone up down in this age.
Which radio has the remote is still up in this age?
It's still a war.
And we did.
Yeah.
Roger, me is small.
Now I'm drinking.
Roger, me is small.
I'm not going to drink.
Roger, me is small.
I'm not going to drink.
I'm not going to be able to find it.
Find it a way something.
Check, hold it and give me this.
Wow.
What are you going to do?
Fire me?
I'm not going to.
Hey, it's official like I told you.
President Bush today signed into law legislation that raises fines 10 fold on radio and television broadcasts
as it violated U.S.
Decency standards, hiring extensive profanity or accessional content.
The new law which boosts fines to as much as $325 grand per violation from $32.5 could help congressional Republicans rule conservatives in a tough election year as they faced
having support from key court constituencies.
It's the Goliathoos shoes crowd, the hypocrites.
The Christian coalition had placed legislation and increased the fines as the number five item on the 2006 legislative agenda.
The new law also caps any continuing violations from an incident at $3 million.
Well, $3 million.
What's $3 million is a beastly's, right?
Right.
So I think tomorrow we'll start off by saying, and then we'll throw on a couple of little.
Please say.
By the way, we did a 12-0-8, man.
This is really great.
Did that say they come through for us?
12-0-8 and you guys are welcome for a great lunch.
Bye, bye, bye!
