You go!
Ooooooh!
Crayver stand a fact when bad lost his mind and then it was bad.
I feel like a turquoise kept screaming me and where the crowd flipped him the bird.
Acting jobs he cannot find that is why he lost his mind.
But he went his eyes attacking the black eyes that saw a career dies.
This is not the spin, there's no way to win just as Melkiss says.
For his unsafe spin he'll have a run in when El Sharf did.
When completely on this tree, out of the factory he had a bad day and I heard someone say he's in the KKK.
Apologized on letterman, but he joins the list of men who showed up in free just like him in a Greek.
He's long to toss away!
Ten oh two at five sixty WKM, I forgot about that long gap in there, I could have put a few of those in there.
Oh, let's talk it to be my age when he gets to be a daughtering old queen.
Anyway, it's a Ten oh two at five sixty WKM, it's Wednesday, November 29th, is it 145 year or what?
Oh please.
We're going to take a pot load of calls today, believe you me.
And I also got the, see I have decided, at least for the time being, at least till two o'clock.
I've decided it'll be like kind of mixing match, you know.
Which I think I was doing that for quite a while there, remember that?
Yeah.
You know, take a few calls, but not too many, and still have a pretty good stack of crap here, you know.
There's nothing like having a good stack of crap, which I always have.
If you like this story, this is a real creative lady.
A mother was arrested on suspicion of murdering her newborn daughter by microwaving the baby in an oven.
Oh right.
Ah, you were being sarcastic when you said I'd love it, right?
China Arnold 26 was jailed Monday on a charge of aggravated murder more than a year after she brought her dead month old baby to a hospital.
Bill was set yesterday at a million bucks.
Got a picture of China, she's, looks like she's been through the ringer.
We have reason to believe we have some forensic evidence that is consistent with our belief that a microwave oven was used in his death that Ken Betz, director of the Montgomery County Corners office, that's in Dayton, Ohio.
He said the evidence included high heat internal injuries in the absence of external burn marks on the baby, Paris Tally.
Sure like Paris, or Casino and Vegas, I'll take it then.
Arnold was arrested soon after the baby said, I do like it. Of course you haven't been in there.
No.
What about Josh, you've been in Paris?
Yes, I have.
Hilton?
No, not Paris Hilton.
Jesus, what a grotesque thought.
But in any rate, it's like outdoors.
It's got like a fake sky and like all kinds of crap.
And it's, you feel like you're gambling outside and losing your ass by the way.
And I got some really neat restaurants, stuff like that.
Arnold was arrested soon after the baby's death August 2005.
Then was released while authorities investigated further.
Betz said the case was difficult because they did not allow the scientific research and data on the effect of microwaves on human beings.
I wouldn't think so. You think there'd be a lot of research on the, probably not.
Not.
The death was ruled homicide by hyperthermia or high body temperature.
The absence of external burns ruled out an open flame, scalding water or a heating pad as the cause.
Arnold's lawyer, John Paul Rion, said his client had nothing to do with the child's death and was stunned when investigators told her that a microwave might have been involved.
I wonder if there was room for a kidney cat in there too.
China, as a mother and a person was horrified, the decision I could occur, Rion said.
The night before the baby was taken to the hospital, Arnold and the child's father went out for a short time and left Paris with a baby citadel, Rion said.
The mother didn't sense anything out of the ordinary till the next morning when the child was found unconscious.
She's got three other children.
I see.
In 2000, a Virginia woman was sentenced to five years in prison for killing her mother full of son and a microwave.
Elizabeth Renee Opti claimed she had no memory of cramming her son in the microwave and turning on the appliance in 1999.
She had issues.
She had some problems.
Here's our full result from yesterday.
By the way, Rick Shaw's retiring.
That's where we'd been over that.
Had him on the news.
You know, normally yesterday, he said he was kind of shocked.
I was too to be honest with you.
Farbeer for me to agree with that screamer.
But he was shocked that Rick Shaw was calling me.
That I should have been calling him to congratulate him.
But Chris, I didn't know anything about it.
I mean, we had the article from the hero, but I mean, as far as where was I going to call him.
Right?
Like we got that number?
Of course not.
But I mean, calling basically kiss my ass again.
I think that Rick's got a real thing for me.
And maybe that's why he used to give me that kind of smile at the football games and those dolphin games.
I think Rick's got an obsession with me.
Anyway, the poll yesterday, the calls are back.
What's your take?
1435 votes.
I'll listen regardless.
523.
36.4%.
No matter what we do, even if we make like that sound for four hours, they'll still listen, which we love those people.
And maybe we will make that sound for four hours.
The callers blow 283.
That's almost 20%.
But we got it under 20, 19.7%.
The callers blow.
Time will tell 257.
Thank God, 209.
The calls are back.
Thank the Lord for that.
Thank you.
God.
Old screamer.
Big improvement, 128.
I hate this poll, only 35.
2.4%.
So that's the deal on yesterday's poll.
Now today's poll.
Boy, so many polls in so little time.
That's why I always look at life.
Guys who, and this kind of fits right in with that.
And thanks to whoever sent this in, thanks to this poll.
And anytime somebody sends us a, even a reasonably decent poll idea, I thank them profusely.
Because it is a bitch, as you know.
Oh yeah.
Coming up with these poll ideas every day.
I mean, yeah, we go back in the vault and we bring back one, and we did like two, three, four years ago, something like that.
Can you believe it's going to be, well, how long have we been doing the polls then?
100 years.
I would know the answer to that.
How long?
100 years.
No, seriously.
Because if December 30th is 10, 10 years on QAM.
Oh my.
Goodness, man.
Oh my God.
Amen.
December 30th.
I bet you this is going to be a big, big bash on that day.
Oh, you didn't even get a birthday card from them.
On November 5th, I didn't even get a birthday card.
Saying, up yours, you faddle, trouble making a faggot.
Nothing.
But that's okay.
The less I had to do with them, the happier I am.
Guys who shave or remove their chest hair are generally, and we should have probably put a waxy on there too.
Joel Feinberg feels like that we didn't put a waxy.
Because there's a thing on our MySpace page that says waxing is the way to do it.
You wax it off.
I mean, do you?
What?
Gays.
Guys who shave or remove hair from their chest are generally gays who 73 it says here.
I didn't vote for that.
Narcissistic, 127.
Well, see, I know this business about Narcissistic.
I mean, what's, I don't know.
Bainy.
No, I know what it means, but I mean that.
Maybe that's better.
What's wrong with trying to look good, huh?
Nothing.
Some of us only wish we could look good by, you know, shaving anything.
Your head.
Easily manipulated by media imagery, 113.
Well, that's good.
I'll keep in mind.
This isn't my poll.
This is some listener facts this in, so it's a little, maybe, two S O T R I R for me.
Easily manipulated by media imagery, 113.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Okay.
You know what that sounds like?
Gays.
Yeah.
It sounds like number one and two all over again.
Perfectly normal, 106.
In need of attention, 72.
I voted for that, but I don't think I really understood what that meant.
I was thinking more like a need of mental attention, need of help.
Insecure 60.
I mean, I liked all this business about Brady Quinn shaving his shed.
I'm gonna say it again.
Brady Quinn can have anybody he wants.
Anything alive, even animals.
I mean, anything he wants.
Okay.
When you look like that, when you're a big hot shot, a jock star,
you can do whoever you want.
You don't think?
Right, of course.
Well, so he doesn't need to shave his body here off to like attract the chicks at a marriage.
And he's both ridiculous.
He needs to be serious, doesn't he?
Does he need to shave his face?
I hate this pull 47 and 5.1%.
That's typical, typical hard-ass response that I'd expect from you.
Because one thing I've learned about you all these years, you're never wrong.
Never.
No, that's right.
And you're never out of touch with what's going on in the modern world.
Oh, I know.
I'm very much out of touch with the naked guys.
I know.
You're in touch with it.
I'm out of touch.
Believe me, I'm touching all I can.
I know.
I hate this pull 47.
That's 5%.
Clean.
They're clean.
45.
Just because they're shaving their body here doesn't mean they're clean.
They can be slabs, am I right?
Clean my notice.
No, I'm sorry.
I'll go get a raise.
He ranged 31.
Show off 31 and sexy 17.
Well, who voted that?
Who voted that?
Who they are.
Out of 935 votes.
935.
And by the way, we'll be pleased to know.
And we have no dropouts on our screaming it.
I shouldn't have said that.
I should have kept my mouth shut.
But you'll be pleased to know.
We had a pretty damn good response listening online yesterday, even with those dropouts.
And those of you people that keep sending us facts is about, oh, gee, we're trying to listen online here.
Stay there.
What are we going to do about it?
You know, we appreciate knowing that it's dropping out.
Although I have a thing right here that shows how many dropouts we have during the show, including, we have many dropouts listening.
But, and calling, but nevertheless, I mean, what are we going to do about it?
Nothing.
First thing, the ones who get all bent out of shape.
I mean, you know, the accident.
If they're just a little...
If they're facts and it says, FYI, you've had some dropouts.
So, he's just as an informational kind of thing.
But the ones that are like belly, it can like, there's something we can do about it.
If it drops out, it drops out.
You know, if it slips out, whatever.
It's just the way it is.
That's what Joy said.
If it falls out.
Wow.
Don't get me started on that bitching into that.
I'm a pretty good mood today.
Of course, I got that new wall paper on my, and I'm not going to discuss that on the ear, though.
I would not pick it up.
What did it do?
No, it's not a good idea to come across as being obsessed with anybody.
Like somebody like Brady Quinn, that's a different category, because he's like a public figure, you know what I mean?
So, do you have it centered, tied or stretched?
I kind of stretched this.
The biggest name of this challenge is the O'Rodgers sports radio 560s UAM.
Still Rogers.
Ah-ho.
We had a quiet, never-luch-shell, but not like in the past.
You have to get off your bat ass for that.
You do, but you do, but now please, Miss Laura, constant-luch-shell, as we used to do.
And give us our simple ride back.
Now, as we got rid of the Neo-Conground Church, just the Democrats better sit down and get you up.
That was going to be...a-bad.
Absolutely.
A-bad, that was going to be...a-bad.
And then the station's got us, you can't be public as blue.
And they made us hit it around the world.
Shoot, shoot, shoot, shoot, shoot, shoot.
They gave us whole royals, blue waves like the pale, oh-ho.
A kid with body of different bands.
Now get them all those arrangements by the head-screen.
We got it with each to make the job complete.
And the best we're going to be, oh-bad.
Oh-bad.
Oh-bad.
You're next for us, that we'll be.
Oh-bad.
Oh-bad.
Oh-bad.
Oh-bad.
Oh-bad.
Oh-bad.
That Mr. Manage would be along 2-4 this afternoon.
Then the power hour with the Humber and the Mad Dog together 4-5.
What a brilliant programming idea that is.
Then we got Humber Solo between 5-7.
No games tonight.
Panthers lost a game last night.
This time in a shootout in Montreal, one zip, one zip-o.
They can't put the biscuit in the basket.
In the shootout?
In the shootout.
That was in the Cove Nation by the way, Montreal.
But so we got Hurricane Hotline, a game where shops had since that place 7-9.
The Hurricane Crap.
And then of course everybody go, poor coach, co-cur.
Boy, you really suck.
And then we got Craig Mish9 to 10, a little Mishmash, 80-K-10.
See, again, the schedule still screwed up.
80-K-10 says at 10-30.
Are we signing off for transmitter maintenance from 10-10-30?
This clearance boy, this child has just lost it.
And I'm sure it's not back from the Hurricane game last night.
There's no way.
Is he there?
No chance.
Not yet.
No, of course not.
Now how do the Hurricane do last night in the unorthwestern, whatever the hell they did?
They lost?
They lost?
Yes.
The panthers lost and the Hurricane basketball team lost on the same night.
Aren't we cursed in South Florida?
Aren't you cursed down there?
I feel cursed.
Oh.
Anyways, speaking of curse, by the way, I'll be messing with the microphone again.
So if you hear some noise, it's me pochking the...
No problem.
The mic is still a lot of noise and crap.
Okay, no, the audience is used to that.
In fact, it's a pretty much a signal.
They're stuck in the on position again.
So if you hear me...
In fact, if they don't hear a lot of noise and crap, they think they're on the wrong station.
Another former altar boy is about a lawsuit.
Indeed, County claiming that the Reverend Gustavo Miade say,
Hialia Catholic priest sexually abused him in the early 1980s.
Oh my God.
The suit is the second in as many months against Miade,
who resigned last month from the post, and Hialia is immaculate conception church.
Not a lot of the child molesting priest.
Oh, that's hard to believe.
In the first suit, a former altar boy accused Miade and the Reverend Pedro Hove,
of foddling and raping him while attending a summer camp in 1981 at the same
visit to Paul Regional Seminary in Boyton Beach.
Let me say again, new parents out there that turn your children over to these pedophiles.
You ought to be a rape that to yourselves.
You ought to be in jail.
And then we'll get raped at it.
What's this spatula, just a little hole in Moli?
It says, if you went on WQM on December 30th, 1997,
you're upcoming at a verse who had marked nine years on the station, not ten.
Wow.
How do you like that?
This is somebody that's really keeping track of crap, huh?
Right.
That can do better math than some of this.
And it says, by the way, I was your very first QM caller.
I'm sorry for what I started.
One of your first statements that I'm going to show you was,
George Corsa was God.
Funny how things changed.
A little bit we know, you know?
And that's because he was working his ass off right up to practically until we went on a year or ten o'clock that morning
to try to paste and pochky and put together a bunch of crap that they sent for equipment that was coming from all over in North America.
Also, you recall you being amazed.
One of the head hunters left time at the time of the WQM debut, abandoning the station and deming, what does that say?
And not dealing with any of the, what I can't read, it's chopped off.
Oh, well, listen.
That's Greg for you, man.
When the going gets tough, Greg gets going out of town.
And he always didn't, he's still always will.
So, wait, what?
And he took the whole family and packed up and went to Chicago, wasn't it?
Okay.
On our debut day.
Because he didn't want to be around to try to, like, you know, because he knew it was going to be a disaster.
And actually, it wasn't.
We got everything was on the air just fine.
Anyway, can I get back to this travel listing, please, please?
And at handwriting, that printing there, it's a real chronic.
You notice that?
Oh, yeah.
So, not only the first caller that we had, but obviously a real chronic fracture too.
But thanks for the correction on it.
So, like I said, our nine years doesn't seem like ten.
And the latest seems like a hundred.
And the latest to the 35-year-old Collier County man who didn't want to be identified,
said Miata's touched him inappropriate, and that the abuse continued for more than three years,
when he was an altraboard saying Timothy Catholic Church.
I can think of some people I'd like to touch appropriately, as to inappropriately, as opposed to it.
Name this defendants, the art stices of my name, Archbishop John Favallora.
Archbishop's officials in the statement yesterday said they were unaware of the latest allegations
that were no prior allegations of information to indicate Favallora's did or would engage
in any type of inappropriate or abusive behavior the statement said,
except, of course, for the fact that he was a Catholic priest.
I actually did a pretty good hint in the first place.
It's a sad day when the Catholic Church learns that if someone who's been an alleged victim of sexual abuse,
these statements said, we again apologize to this alleged victim and pray that his journey to healing may begin.
You think that's going to get the job done?
It's a sad day when something like this happens.
Must be a lot of sad days for the Catholic Church.
I apologize!
No, we don't care.
It's a sad day here because George can't even turn on his microphone now.
Really?
Yeah?
Well, that's called you hunger pox get it yesterday.
You like messed around with it with your pocket fisherman there or whatever you're stuck in there.
And now you probably blew out the name pot.
If he's not smoking it, he's blown it out.
The button's just stuck.
What?
The button is stuck.
Alright!
Like I said, that fax was very appropriate boy.
What are we telling you?
George Corso is God, a meantar engineering staff that won't fix a damn thing in there.
Because we don't care, you know?
Plus a lot of you didn't want to hear George say that anyway.
He's such a hard ass.
Especially with this pole about body here, which he knows nothing about.
Miata is who cannot be reached for comment.
Are you babbling again?
Are you squeaking in the background?
Startin' sound like guilty.
Miata is who couldn't be reached for comment.
It was not among the priest purged by the Archdiocese following me.
2002 Nationwide Abuse scandal.
There have been no complaints in his file at the time.
Well, at a press conference yesterday in front of St. Timothy,
the latest leads victim said he chose to come forward after learning your last month's lawsuit
by the former altar boy known as John Doe number 25.
I'd hope it would help other children to come forward.
He said his voice cracking.
I've been hiding all my life that's destroyed me and my family.
I can't hide anymore.
He needs help instead of Miata's.
He needs assistance.
His attorney, Jeffrey Herman, have having touristed Miata,
said abuse his client by taking advantage of the voice interest and becoming a priest.
Father Miata's did unspeakable things to the young boy,
telling him that those were the things he had to do to become a priest.
Well, I think that was the least honest.
Practice makes perfect.
Practice makes perfect.
How'd you fix it with my knife?
No, I just think I got that pocket fisherman.
That's right.
Herman then produced his clients in 1985 confirmation certificate
and an old yellow photograph of his client in his altar boy robes.
Old yellow?
Old yellow.
The alleged victim currently lives in Cogger County with his wife and 12-year-old daughter.
Miata has been a staple at Immaculate Conception Church for the past 15 years.
A greedy resign October 6 after running of the first lawsuit, alleging he sexually assaulted the boy in the 1980s.
He asked salt in him.
For many years, I've been deeply plagued by events.
Miata's ruined the letter last month of prisoners and highly is Immaculate Conception Church.
For many years, he's been a prey.
I prayed for God's guidance, he said.
The only conclusion that I could reach was that I had to be true to Christ, my priesthood, and you, my beloved community,
and explained to all concerned my sincere regret and repentance for any pain brought on by errors of judgment that I have made, he wrote.
By errors, in other words, he doesn't deny it.
There were just errors of judgment.
Just like the Anasi Pope with his red shoes, he's not pissed off or upset or apologizing for what he said.
He's upset that they were offended.
So if anybody was offended by the fact that he molested their kids, then he's upset.
And he wishes that God and Jesus would forgive and Yadi are right.
Am I right about that?
Sure.
And he's sorry, he got caught or he'd still be doing it.
That's correct.
Because that's a priest number one job.
No, that's number two job.
Number one is to try to raise some money for the business and number two is to alter boys.
By the way, Joe Blumenstein, thanks for your very nice email here.
Where is Joe?
Is he a local or a thing?
Yeah, he's in town. He's somewhere in town.
Although I don't know, he's got a... he's in town. He's got a 305 number for Krennola.
Thanks for the nice email, Joe. That was one of those nice things.
Sure.
See, once in a while, somebody out there does something nice.
And we say, holy crap, somebody in South Florida did something nice and people are going like,
Oh my God.
And I don't believe it has to be a first aid.
977 votes on the body here.
And you know, when you stop and think about it, the idea that sexy is on there,
we got an almost all-male audience.
Although I will say this, we had several ladies on the phone yesterday.
It's more than we've had in a long time.
When I'm amazing, it was a pleasure.
Just about not as many ladies as you'll find on Jacob's MySpace page,
though you'll see many hot young ladies on there and better take a look at it.
Not that I'm obsessed with that whole business you understand,
but you know me, you know how easy I am.
That's what I heard.
I kind of like Flitter Round. Like like a butterfly, you know, like a bumblebee.
I Flitter Round and Pollenate, wherever I can.
26 past 10 at 5, 60 WDQM on our great Wednesday, boy, it's WW, it's Woodvine Wednesday.
It means Georgia's got the assignment of changing the police afternoons.
Let's see if I'm conscious.
Put the Neil Retirement Pull up there.
Anyway, if I sound like I'm full of vinegar and whatever goes with it,
I've been taking Nature Bee for the last couple of weeks,
and boy, it's kicking in, man.
I can feel like a bulging in the chair beneath me.
This has got to be the best kept secret to living in the fast lane.
Forget all the pills and potions. Get onto Nature Bee.
Just two golden capsules a day and watch your life take off.
You'll feel like you're alive again.
Not a drug or a stimulant. Just pure organic food into capsule.
All the way from clean, green, New Zealand.
Nature Bee is real food. Pure is the driven snow.
It's an 8-Z of vitamins and minerals, and Nature Bee is great for people on the run, too.
Get your six months of fly right now by making one easy toll-free call,
and you'll be glad you started popping these every day.
1-866-834-8355.
Call it and get a bonus one month supply.
Absolutely free with your order, too.
1-866-834-8355.
Be like me. Get out of Nature Bee.
Or maybe you don't want to be like me, but get out of Nature Bee anyway.
Call that toll-free number. 1-866-834-8355.
Or go on a wicked web at naturebee.
naturebee.com.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
The best is neo-rotters.
4-460-8355.
Wish you a name.
For David's a bitch.
Hey, new boys and girls?
Isn't more out of it?
But something here, the whole family can enjoy for the halladoyze.
I mean, halladays.
The home version of Moe and Gellie.
The Monopoly board game.
A great game to play when you're bored.
By the day's talent, oh no, Polly.
Give me that.
That don't say monopoly, Lane Brain.
This has Monopoly.
What do you say we sit on the floor with our legs crossed and show the boys and girls at home how to play with it?
Perfect.
You mind not sitting that way?
What?
You're late.
It's not pleasant.
Oh, right, why's that I'm a spingamil?
Perfect.
I move five spaces.
Yeah, head.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
It says pick up a mystery card.
Pick up a mystery card?
And what does it say?
It says remove your opponent's second pair.
And spank them with the Monopoly play paddle, then spin again.
That's my luck.
Here.
Bap, bro, are you happy?
Stop.
I'm ready now, spin.
Bap, bap, bap.
Remove your opponent's second pair.
And spank them with the Monopoly play paddle.
Now see here.
How do you draw the same card twice?
Stop playing by the rules.
You see that?
Juica.
Why you little cheetah?
It'll be that tunnel.
The all new bow, not only board game.
You can tell if it's well, it's well.
I'll bet it does.
Maybe some dingal berries.
1031 at 560 WQM.
996 folks on the pole, man.
We are really off to the races.
You know what?
Okay.
Off to Wood Mine anyway.
US officials every four years to pair him
embarrassing Americans, Lee, Vargin, and Tina,
you know who they are, don't you, your favorites?
I'm thinking the bush twins.
Oh, those embarrassing Americans.
Twins, mainly including tabloid tails of new to hotel roms
and serious security lapses,
has gripped the median winners out of Ace,
where Jenna and Barbara both celebrated their 25th birthday
over the Thanksgiving weekend.
So we're only coming up on nine years on QM this December 30th.
I guess.
Are you sure?
87?
No.
I mean 97.
I don't know what it is.
I'll figure it out during the break.
ABC News reported the US Embassy official strongly suggested
the twins cut short their trip,
but they refused it at it.
The Embassy called them report falls.
The Embassy welcomes the visit and is provided
close to port and cooperation that's in the statement
released to the media.
The headlines, dominating TV and newspaper coverage
and origin, Tina involved that theft of Barbara Bush's purse,
including her phone and credit cards,
it was swiped from beneath the restaurant table,
despite the present of Secret Service agents who obviously were
like watching her boobs or something like that.
There were splashy photos of their appearance Sunday
at a big soccer match and breathless coverage of their dinner
out when a fire engulfed a nearby building.
Sounds to me like they were.
But by aiming!
An Argentine-Tamboid magazine reported the first twins were spotted
running nude in the hallway of their hotel,
a tale the hotel staff denied according to ABC,
all it fits right in with that family man, export.
US officials were reportedly steamed the twins rough staging newly arrived
US ambassador, Earl Anthony Wayne.
They were steamed about it.
The White House wouldn't come.
Kind of like that kid in the microwave steamed.
ABC also said security was so last that a network producer, Joe Goldman,
was able to wander up to the twins to chat in the lobby of their
hotel spotting them through a large plate glass window on Thursday.
He reported that Barbara was typing on a computer and
Jenna was sitting on a nearby couch.
No one stopped him from approaching them.
An Argentine TV station reported that Barbara had left to return to the
US but couldn't be confirmed.
Well, we'll be keeping up to that on that.
I'm sure that everybody's on the edge of their seat about the
dysfunctional bush twin.
You know it.
Because that whole bush family man don't do what they do do
as they say.
WQIN, hello.
The wander up to the twins to chat in the lobby.
Hello?
Yes.
Hi.
I called you yesterday, Neil.
And I asked you to play the bridge tundering.
You said that to the break but I never heard it.
I played it later on and I said I hope you're still listening.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I have a lot of people on my office listening and I am your most
ardent female listener.
Right.
And you want me to play it again and the answer is absolutely not.
See, this is another reason that I don't care for taking these calls
as much as some of you other people do.
And that's because we get crap like that.
Now I'm supposed to feel bad about that.
Do I feel bad?
Didn't I say yes to you?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Get lost, honey.
I mean, the fact that I even played it at all is like a major miracle
because you know how much I hate playing that.
Because it's a little on the bird outside.
It's like old.
Old like me.
Old ancient.
Older than the thues was great grandpa.
Would you play the freaking bridge tenor because I missed the yesterday?
Yes, sir.
There is the bridge tenor.
That's all you're going to hear of it.
No, I'm not going to play it again.
I have to be a maniac to play that piece of crap again.
I mean, it was funny 20 years ago, funny honey,
thousand and three votes on the pole.
We're talking about waxing and shaving and nipping and tucking and stuff like that.
Guys who shave or remove their chest hair generally are gay three oh one.
Narcissistic one thirty four.
What's the difference?
Easily manipulated by media imagery one nineteen.
Perfectly normal only one hundred and fifteen only eleven point four percent say they're perfectly normal.
George, okay.
I got it.
You need to be careful.
You need to be careful.
Well, if they look at they'll get my attention because you know me I'm such a sucker for a pretty face and a hot body.
Oh God.
By the way, I sure hope that's the right jake about in my space page because if it's not what I didn't write in anything like that.
Whatever, sub-rosa.
No, I shouldn't do that again.
I can't tell because who the hell remembers when somebody was like twenty two now they're thirty two.
Whatever the hell they were you know like years ago.
Maybe ten years ago when we started on QIQ I am.
Let's see eighty seven.
eighty eight eight nine ninety.
No wait, not ninety seven.
What year is it?
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh, this is the danger of getting old folks ninety eight nine thousand one two three four five six.
It'll be our ninth anniversary in December thirty.
Didn't I tell you that?
So I said ten so I screwed up.
Yeah.
It just seems like about a hundred because this last year especially boy it's been a real but you know.
Everything's coming along just fine now.
Here's the facts from Susan.
Can't say I came across some old tapes I've made of your first show when you came back on after those seven months off.
It was fun to listen to you on fire.
The media was there.
We were all so glad you were back.
Best of all I was glad to hear prison bitch with fart sounds.
You how you corrupt our minds love Susan love you Susan and see Susan is saying.
Would you please play prison bitch because she knows we can't play it.
Can we?
I don't really know when you come right now.
What's wrong with you?
They say I love his taboo.
I don't know.
I'll think about it.
I'll listen to it during a break or not.
Anyway thanks Susan and happy anniversary to me.
That's December 30th.
It's birthday and November 5th and the anniversary December 30th and it's like old fart stay here.
We got one day coming.
Ten ten.
Ten ten.
Ten ten.
The winds of the york and ten ten CFRB Toronto with what's his name?
What's his name?
You sure you so wouldn't know.
Brian McFarland.
Who's the news on CFRB?
He used to do the color on a hockey games.
The lead games would bill he would.
Brian McFarland.
Boy was he ever boring or what?
He was really coma inducing.
But nevertheless.
But there's Nick Andrews.
Hey by the way, nice school last night.
Nick too bad nobody else for the Leafs.
They really just think to join out.
And the panthers got to show it out.
They got beaten a shootout.
Shooted by the Quebec Nation.
Dominique Q.A.M. Hello.
Yeah, good morning home and new hockey game in here.
Hello.
Yes.
What about the changes requested.
Turned on the back seat from the lady.
I've haven't heard that in a hundred years.
Okay, well think about it.
I'm glad to do it.
Okay.
I think he's doing it.
Toad scenes.
Hey, what are you laughing about man?
That's an acid am guy.
It's done to see.
It's done to see.
He's doing it.
He's doing it the two way right now.
By the way, anybody hasn't been to Amsterdam.
Go there once.
It'll allow you.
Oh, there'll be an eye opener for you.
Ain't what he used to be.
But then again, there is Boston.
There is Detroit.
That's for the answer.
He's there is New York.
Oh, brother.
When's the last time we were in New York.
Either one of you.
Maybe nine years ago.
I don't know.
See nine.
Nine.
There you go again.
Everything now.
It used to be ten now.
It's a nine.
Maybe twelve.
Who the hell knows?
I haven't been there in years.
I mean, since they took all the perversion out of Times Square, who do I want to go?
See, this is Giuliani's great claim to fame.
Is that he cleaned up Times Square and made it like really very like Disneyland North, Disney World North.
Who do I want to go there?
Although I would like to see if I'd go and die better.
I'd like to get some of that great pizza like on 42nd Street.
Mmm, mmm, mmm, boy.
No pizza like that.
Don't start with the food again.
You'll be pleased to know my lost economy.
I'm down to like 600.
Okay.
Good.
Because I can't afford.
I mean, just can't function when you get to a certain point when you get to be two over the line
and when your blood sugar is like the machine just is tilt on the bad machine.
A thousand and twenty two votes.
I'm telling you, thank God for taking these calls again.
Although that one lady, I started to say and you interrupted me because you got your mic first again.
I started it again.
They call and request something and you don't play it immediately.
And I just knew it.
I knew it.
I even said it.
Didn't I?
Didn't I make some?
Didn't I listen to no more?
Well, too bad.
I played it for you, honey.
That's why I groan when she calls it's like, oh geez, because it's going to start a chain reaction to people calling up for requests.
And if you do the right, you know, like that turntalk.
Yeah.
Well, that's coming up right after the break or or maybe not.
The biggest name of that pizza.
How can you find it?
This is Neil Rogers, sports radio 560.
He's U-A-M.
You know, see the way he said that?
That's right.
That's to keep you on your toes.
Well, screw it.
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
It's time for Turntalk.
The show that gets to what's really deep down inside of you.
And now here's your host, Colin Cornwallis.
Good evening.
I'm Colin Cornwallis, your host.
And welcome to Turntalk.
The loaf lines are already lit up, so let's just get right down to the front.
That's not the video we was talking about.
Isn't it?
No.
What does that thing call?
I give up what's it called?
Turntalk.
Toeyard complaint.
Oh, Toeyard complaint.
Well, see, that's another thing.
They call it and they request it.
They don't know the name of the vet.
It's our job to know the name of the vet, apparently.
Oh, I see.
Thank you for calling us this to you, Toeyard.
I'm out here.
I just picked up my 92-a-course from your life.
And it is on huge turnt in the back seat.
Are you turnt?
Yes.
And there's one in the back seat?
I'm turnt.
A big ass human turnt in the back seat of my car.
Bam, I assure you, our guys did not take it dump in your car.
If you want to bring that car back, then we'll take a look at it.
You want to take a look at it.
My car is fine.
It's that big ass turnt in the back seat.
Okay.
What would you like me to do?
I said, okay.
How about I'm going to your house and piss a loaf on your car?
Bam.
How about that?
What would you like me to do to fix the situation?
I want somebody to come over here, get this turnt out my back seat.
That's not going to happen.
What do you mean it's not going to happen?
You can bring the car here and we can take a look at it.
I am.
I'm going to bring it back there.
You know what I'm going to do?
I'm going to take a dump in every last car you got there.
I'm going to peel your counter.
I'm going to do it all.
Okay.
To tell you how it feels.
Okay.
And you know what you said?
I'm a big girl and man, it probably came out your way.
Oh, yeah.
I don't make it happen.
I'm going to dig a dump in the car.
How much do you weigh?
About 400 pounds.
That's your turnt.
That's my turnt.
Yes.
That came up from a 400 pound man.
That's the 400 pound man.
Even that old gorilla.
I'm driving this car right to my lawyer's office.
And I'm going to let the whole world see.
You're going to be on the news this evening, buddy.
I'm going to get seven on my side.
What?
You're going to be on the news.
Can you describe the piece of...
I mean, what does it look like?
You know what it is.
It came out your ass.
What the hell?
You were kind of asking me what color.
I say what?
It smells ungodly.
That's what it smells like.
It smells like you sold your ass to the devil.
How do you even put your hands on the head?
Well, how big is it?
How long is it?
It's not as long as my arm.
I don't think it's fun.
Why y'all?
This is not fun.
I got a damn tooth off for it.
My back seat.
You know, I think there's a racial shit too.
That's what they're talking about.
I'm a little kid.
I'm running away from it.
I'm playing dumb.
I'm finding this funny.
Oh, okay.
You're probably on a stairwell too, don't you?
All right, all right.
How long does it look like it's been sitting there?
The stadium is coming off for it, okay?
Hey, the team is coming off for it?
Yes.
It's been a long time.
It's been a long time, huh?
I am taking this as a fresh chair.
Okay.
What you need to do is you need to bring that chair back.
And we'll match it up.
We have a lineup.
We'll match it up with the other church that we have.
What you need to do is learn how to use a toy.
We say you're not going to bring the chair back to me?
No.
You know what?
Is this the sample?
No.
I've found the license.
You're going to keep it as a fact?
I'm going to keep it.
Because it's a nice conversation piece.
Okay, cool.
Hey, thank you.
Oh, thank you.
Yeah, I would mounted on your mantle.
It would be a good idea.
A nice conversation piece when a company comes over for the holidays.
1048 at 560 WQAM.
You see, that's another thing about taking the calls.
Now, just like you said, only moments ago.
They start with the silly S request.
Who the hell said it was all request holiday time?
I think I did, didn't I?
Oh, yeah.
I don't really care.
Hey, whatever they want.
It's their show.
They're going to manipulate it and deal with it and screw up with it.
And whatever they want, you know?
You know, you know, we're here for you.
Use it.
Shoot it up.
Right.
Whatever.
So as we get paid, that's all we care about.
And in your case, it ain't much.
1045 votes on the poll.
Boy, I'm a guy who shave and wax it and smear it and whatever they're doing with it.
A lot of votes on that poll today.
I don't see any calls on the board.
Now that we got your calls back on here.
I don't see any anyway, son.
I mean, what?
I don't see anything on my screen.
Oh, well, that's because your equipment is all bald up in here because George Corsa was the antichrist.
See, I had the part of it, right?
I knew he had something new with that whole religious stuff.
They thought I was asking for a new computer.
I don't need a new computer.
Just need one that works.
It could be an old one that people would have.
I would work with it.
And maybe an engineer that would go in there and fix all the problems that we've got in there, including that phone.
So then the thing I don't come down there and do any shows, no, mall, because I would really raise the roof.
I would raise holy hell in that place.
But nevertheless, 5.670560.
Tom, see, this is what happens.
You go to lunch with Joe Bell and he tells you everything you want to hear.
And what happened?
Did anything get fixed in there?
Hell.
I know.
How'd it go to lunch?
Well, that's good.
5.670560.
Tom 560.
He Verizon's singular wireless lines.
Oh, the Panthers at the Ottawa Senators tomorrow night.
How come they're not coming to Toronto on this trip?
I'm sure Geltie probably want to take me to Ruth Christopher and I stake.
WDQA M. Hello.
But when you played there, would you?
Yeah, okay.
WDQA M. Hello.
QA M?
Yes.
Got him off your dial.
How do you like that?
Not fade away again, just like yesterday.
WDQA M. Hello.
Can we go for three for a trifecta?
QA M?
Nail.
Yes.
I got a big old night carler who's just waiting for Susan Gray to grab it.
Okay, great.
That's the Susan Gray guy again.
Who?
Do you remember?
Another product.
Susan Gray.
We don't even know who the else Susan Gray is.
Did we figure out who that is?
No.
And we don't care.
So grab this.
WDQA M. Hello.
Hey, Nail.
Yes, sir.
Hey, listen, about all these requesters.
I'm just on your website.
Now with the search engine.
Now just go to your website and make sure.
That's right.
Go to the damn website and quit bothering our damn high-pay radio show for a panel.
No, they can't go into the bridge down until they get over.
That's right.
In fact, I must tell she would.
All right.
Yeah, I'm just going to tell you.
Yeah, go to the website.
Hunter, the bridge tenders right on there.
The prices right, it's free.
You don't have to screw up our show.
Got a whole office full of people.
Like, you know what?
If I had a whole office where I'll follow people gathered around a radio.
Here's some stupid 20-year-old bit from a talk show.
I'd probably want to fire the rats.
The first question I'd be asking is when the hell did they start doing some work?
Oh, they're all gathered around a radio.
Yeah, right.
They're gathered around a radio to see if you can get me to play something again for the second day in a row.
And I'm not going to do it.
Isn't that what the purpose of it was?
Sure.
Probably got a bet.
They're probably taking odds in the office.
Well, let's see.
I bet you tend to want.
He don't play it.
What is it?
18 years within Anastasia now?
It feels like it.
It feels like a hundred and seventy-five years.
And Joe Bell called you.
He says they want me to be Anastasia as long as I want.
In other words, for another hundred years.
And he liked that.
He actually said that.
Because you know Joe, it's always kissing, kissing, like that.
Like I'm doing it.
You know, this picture here of what Jacob on my website.
I'll tell you one thing.
I close the show.
It's some real true emotion.
And I don't even know if that's the right person, you know?
So what?
He looks good to me.
I don't care if it's the right person or not.
He looks like a fine human being to me.
Maybe I'll find out who the hell that is.
But anyway, he's on my wallpaper now on my desktop.
I stretched it and yanked it and twisted it.
And he's on it.
Squatting on that big rock out there in the Las Montañas somewhere, up by Vegas.
And anyway, it's just one of those things.
You know, that's where life is all about.
But like I started to say, for me to take Brady Quinn off of there and put somebody else on.
Who's even got all his clothes on for Quinn out loud.
And the picture is from a pretty fair distance, too, you know?
Always be suspicious about.
People get photographed from about a hundred miles away.
Oh, yeah.
A real suspicious about that.
They ever do that.
You see somebody like walking towards you down the street.
All the time.
They're really fun.
They're like in a shopping mall.
You're walking the floor.
Holy cow, man.
I've seen your poster.
And yes, yes, sir.
How are you, sir?
You're making me a...
Here's your favorite FedEx fan out here on the road.
And you're making my day.
This is the show that makes me bear the holiday seasons with all these boxes.
This is a show that makes me bear it.
Yeah, I can't even begin to imagine the kind of crap you better put up with.
But it's okay.
Let me start it.
But in the case of, what's there?
This is the life you have chosen.
You know what I mean?
That's right.
21 years here in this truck dealing with the public.
Oh, my God.
And I've been listening to you here for 12 years in South Florida.
But you make it all worthwhile.
Yes, I do.
The other thing she called, I heard the call yesterday.
I heard the call the day.
But when you rip into them, that's what makes the show.
It's so funny.
I mean, you get like 10, 15 minutes of good laughter.
Just listening to you.
How do you like a bitch like that?
That I call it.
She calls yesterday.
I played the damn thing for it.
Which, ordinarily, I was just like crazy.
As you know, a young neo-Librigi-tender, those old, old things.
I don't want to keep playing them over again.
We've killed them over the years.
You know, I played the thing for a few minutes later.
I apologize for the fact that I hadn't done it right away and I forgot.
But it was not that much later in the show.
I mean, I already shut it off.
You know.
I heard the show yesterday.
You did play a little later on.
It was fine.
And everything was fine.
I hope that the other people are laughing their ass off at her.
Yeah, but what a stupid bitch you are.
Happy holidays to you and the staff.
You make it all up.
Thank you, probably.
Take good care of your package.
Okay, see you.
Bye-bye.
56670560, this is a FedEx guy.
Well, we love FedEx and we love UPS.
Yes, we do.
And speaking of my package with my Fax machine, I didn't hear you yet.
I'm hearing that it's going to be here tomorrow or Friday.
But it could be here today, so I got my clothes on.
Well, I kind of accelerate things, you know, when I phone rings after running there.
There's a package down here for you and there's like $14.60 in customs, you know.
I don't, I'm not into that customs thing.
I'm going to like start protesting with that crap.
It's already been paid the postage and you're getting else just cut the crap.
It's just another way of stealing, fleeting money out of the public.
That's all.
That customs my ass.
That's brutal.
1067 votes on a poll already about guys that like wax it and, um,
primit and shave it and they're a chest too.
Guys who shave or remove their chest here are generally gay.
327 is leading the way.
Gay.
Our sister's 141.
We did leave something on.
What's that?
Well, we can add it on.
Young.
They're the ones that are doing it.
Hung?
Young.
Guys who do that should be hung?
That's not what I said.
Oh, young.
Why do you put young people whatever you want on there?
You're the guy with the power there.
You got the, uh, your finger on it.
Josh is doing it now.
Stick it on there, Josh.
Young.
Well, Josh already admitted he has shaved it.
Narcissus is 141.
That's because the ladies like it.
The ladies like it.
Yeah, well, I mean, what a worst man.
Well, ladies like it.
Jesus God.
That's pretty sad.
The fact that you've had like alter your body in order to please some, uh, you know,
bimbo to get what I want.
Yes.
Good thinking.
Easily manipulated by media imagery, 125.
Perfectly normal.
118.
Like Josh.
Perfectly normal.
Well, in need of attention, 85.
Insecure 71.
They're clean.
They've got a clean machine, mine 54.
Yeah, likely story.
I hate this pull.
50.
4.6%.
Those are the guys that are shaving it.
Believe me.
The ranged 40 show off 38 and 60, 18.
And what kind of guy in this audience would say the guys who shaved their body are like sexy.
Yeah, I'll tell you what kind of that's gay.
That's the answer I was looking for.
The Dennis Black one.
So the best challenge to this is,
Hello to the big channel.
Hello to the big channel.
Radio 560.
Yeah.
This is the new launcher shell.
This is your vine.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Because they'll know your responsible for...
Sonner!
A wheeled fork!
Heal is meant, and when you hear a bit sour...
In the seventh color, you'll get a gift certificate from Art TV's pizza!
And they automatically register, but a grand prize drawing!
The Winfees of...
Org-Wilthward Men!
Feeson Earth could well-tored men. It's non-transferable.
Feeson Earth could well-tored men must be claimed by February 15, 1992.
Employees of this station and PG-Speaks are ineligible for Feeson Earth could well-tored men.
Org-Wilthward Men!
He's listening to Whip!
It's 11.02 at 5.60 W.A.Q.M.
So Joe Bell tells me that he was really looking forward to talking to Norma Kent again,
because last time they spoke Norma told him that he was really impressed by clearance
and what a cute ass he had.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
Now, he actually said that.
And I thought to myself, hey, Norma!
You fair, Rick!
But then again, what a surprise that is.
Lawmakers will try...
He wouldn't think about Norma, okay, he's got bad eyesight.
Lawmakers will try to tackle the state's property insurance crisis
in a special session in mid-January, governor-like Charlie Gaye,
Christ, and legislative leaders said today,
in a widely expected session in the start January 16,
legislators will consider proposals to show off the insurance industry
to prevent companies from dropping windstorm policies.
They'll also try to revert some of the dramatic rate increases
for the homeowners of scene since the active hurricane seasons of 2004 and 2005.
Homeowners from Pensacola to Key West have been won triple-digit homeowners rate increases
and demanded that state policy makers figure out some way to stop them.
Stop the crash, stop the insanity, man!
The special session will take place less than two months before the start of the regular legislative session.
A special panel appointed by outgoing fat ass governor, Jeb Bush, recently made several recommendations
for potential legislation.
One of the major proposals is to make it easier for insurance companies to re-insurance
through the state's hurricane catastrophe fund.
That's what we need a QAM, man.
A catastrophe fund.
Because, make no mistake about it, this current sales department is a catastrophe.
How come you didn't call your sales manager to come in here and like straight out?
Who was in there asking about that copy problem?
Who's that? Hank Stuck is head in the door.
Hank Guerrero?
As opposed to...
Fan Hank?
That was funny.
Yeah, Stuck is head in the door. I hope you have a jammed and shut real fast.
No, I just squished it, squished it like...
You know what they say? Squished the fish.
Now let's see, speaking of squished the fish, the Patriots got the Lions.
They got a forefilt this weekend.
And the dolphins played Jacksonville.
I was at a home game or in a weight game, Josh. That's in a weight game, isn't it?
Yes. It's in Jacksonville.
Now what would you say the fish, what are their chances of winning their game?
I'm going to go not very good considering if they've won four in a row.
They won four in a row and quite frankly against mostly girls teams.
They beat the bears but then so did the Patriots, all of the Patriots like life and death.
Not that I was nervous during that game. I was just dropping loads all over the sofa.
Good God.
Man, was I nervous about this.
Especially after they blew that 10-3 lead and got to be 10-10.
I thought, oh boy, here we go again.
By the way, that's a home game. My bad.
Well, you have real problems with that whole video, you know what?
It's right up the street from where your asses are sitting right now.
It's right up the street there where good old used to be Joe Robby Stadium.
And when the hell are they going to get a name for that?
Oh, that's right. I'm excuse me. It's Dolphin Stadium.
Excuse me.
What a chinchy deal. Pro player.
And here they had it happen for what?
About 100 years named after a company that's out of business.
I think it fits right in with the ambiance in the organization.
A thousand and 95 votes on the Shabier Hair Pool.
That's a beautiful thing.
I will confess that once upon a time I did that, what was the occasion?
Oh, it was an occasion. It was like 31 years ago.
And I just, I don't know the spirit of being gay.
Yeah, I was in West Palm, and J&O.
Had a hot date coming up.
Well, I hoped.
Okay, no, that's usually the occasion that people start grooming.
No.
A federal judge in Los Angeles who previously struck down sections of the Patriot Act
is ruled out provisions of an anti-terrorism order issued by President Bush,
after 9-11, are unconstitutional.
Let me say it again.
Unconstitutional.
U.S. District Judge Audrey Collins found that part of the law signed by Bush on September 23, 2001,
and used to freeze the assets of terrorist organizations violated the Constitution
because they put no apparent limit on the president's powers to place groups on that list.
Ruelling in a lawsuit brought against the Treasury Department in 2005 by the Center for Constitutional Rights,
Collins also threw out a Port of Bush's Order, which applied a lot of those who associate
with designated organizations, you know, like the dolphins.
This law gave the president unfettered authority to create blacklist,
and authority president Bush then used to impart the Secretary of the Treasury to impose
guilt by association, said David Colerley Washington based Center for Constitutional Rights.
You remember the Constitution, remember that?
I remember it's just a GDP-sa-paper from right here.
The Court's decision confirms that even in fighting terror, unchecked executive authority
and trampling on fundamental freedoms is not a permissible option, he said in the statement.
The 45-page decision may have paid the decision made public Monday,
came in response to the position by both sides to throw out the lawsuit and rule in their favor,
but it'll be fit to boot a bit above it.
Yeah, I like the calls, man. I like the calls a lot.
Did you?
Yeah, they're going to take some more when I get around it.
Don't start getting pushy now. I said I like them. I think I'm obsessed with them.
I mean, there's certain things that I'm obsessed with,
the things people would have done.
And you do know, and you're right.
What's wrong with that?
Nothing.
Just like you were saying before, and I said that a million times,
I'm sure you weren't paying any attention.
What?
Many a time you'll be walking on the street in a mall somewhere in your look and say,
holy crap, we're like even now in a woodbine, I think, wow, take a look at that.
Yeah.
And then they get a little bit closer or like much closer than the old geez.
Yeah, oh my God.
And I'd rather go in a mirror, a home and look in a mirror.
And that's really saying a lot.
In my case, 1100 votes on a poll, shave it, trim it, narrat, neat it, wax it,
whatever you want to do with it, and then throw it in the aterlet.
56670560, pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line.
WQAM, hello.
I'm in the care.
Yeah, okay, good.
We really couldn't care less.
It's like I said, we'll never ever, as long as I'm sitting in this chair,
and I thought never, never ever, darken this thing, did Okito.
Good.
Now when Josh does the show, that's another story.
Talk to him all day.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, yeah.
Yes, sir.
We talked about shaving your body.
Yeah.
So he had a close shave there.
Wow.
56670, see, I just said I like the cause, and then all of a sudden we get all the retards
back on again, the same, you know.
Mm-hmm.
I mean, like I said, they could rent a room in the holiday inn.
And they probably have.
Probably rented a room and all slept together in the same bed.
You could fit them in a phone booth.
WQAM, hello.
Me and my friend Goose eats the mannequin.
You're liking it, because he looks like Johnny Depp.
We like it.
Yeah, great.
56670560, pound 560, I'm going to give you the numbers one more time.
I'm thinking they're a good thing.
I got to back up because it is already Wednesday.
And George was saying on Monday, they'll never have enough calls to last through the whole
show just on Monday, the first day with the calls back.
And we did.
And yesterday I'm trying to remember, we had to goose him a couple of times, but wasn't too bad.
Right.
I put the prods on him.
Yeah, we had to prod him a little bit.
But today I can see already that it just ain't happening, baby.
They're out of material.
This town ran out of material like about 25 years ago.
And then of course we had alien.
And then we had to do something.
And then we had to do something.
And then we had to do something.
And then we had to do something.
And then we had to do something.
And then we had to do something.
And then we had to do something.
And then we had to do something.
And then we had to do something.
And then we had to do something.
And then we had to do something.
And then we had to do something.
And then we had to do something.
And then we had to do something.
And then we had to do something.
And then we had to do something.
And then we had to do something.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Joe George, we can't find no rig, no rig.
Can't find no rig, no rig.
Can't find no rig, no rig, no rig, no rig.
I remember when he was with us, he was always talking about how he had saggy boobs.
I remember that little log always belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
I was belly.
Can you talk about us?
In several days, you please have a
The general manager five a little while ago
wanted to tell us about you,
her plays, how she 굉장히
Isn't that her collective pleasure?
The general manager five a little bit of my
The general manager five of my
I was very proud of her play.
assistant Swami requests me to
look like they were done real they weren't done in front of a green
a big green screen you know with things falling on top of them so
how you have a green screen is not worse than a big green screen
well you know that they do cgi like when when crews does it
is a sketch you know he's showing all these things flying over him
and it's all fake
and and in this movie
so it's like his marriage is fake
exactly and and in this movie all the stunts and I read an article in
use week that all the stunts are pretty much done
either by stuntman like they used to do back in the eighties and seventies
before they had died right
yeah and uh... yeah cuz that's like a dying industry i mean now it seems like
i mean wonder what stuntman are doing now i mean
they'll get killed
good point
but uh... but the movie was fun it was good but still fifty city won't run for
president because he's a cook and everybody knows it
and he said no chance anyway i'm sorry no no who's that
bill fist
oh come on give me a break and put in a john carry together that'll be a good
ticket to get out of here and
no chance
but anyway just want to know check it out it's a good movie uh... good to hear
your show again and uh... happy uh... happy quanzas so how do you like the
callers being back is it okay with you i mean
well you know i could take a few you know i i
can't
you know a few of them i can take but the other rather than that and that's
better to do all that you know i normally turn the volume down wait till they
get done with the scene and turn it back up
okay pali
i take it to see it
so there's a guy that's calling and he says he hates the callers how do you
like that
like i said these callers
the biggest name of the best talent
this is real roger sports radio five sixty
you
a
damn
this is the most disgusting
program
i urge everyone to complain to this station
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
you are
too
to say
baby
you
have you
met your uncle Sean and barren yet
but i prefer to be the way you wake up
the post-school man
and people and the sun
when they see a mother with a make up
see how they run
your mom is Madonna
her brother's made a lead
so how she ever gonna get you
the best
and
and
and
and
and
and George was saying how he uh... uh... came across some old
buddies on the ms-based page i didn't say buddies
pales ladies
people
people's
and that what you said
you know something around the peace
and that's so one of the nice things about i haven't paid that much attention to it being the old folie that i am in addition which is mcgel's bag anyway
but now that we got seven ninety seven i'm sure that josh is really impressed with that
guarantee it the trim bag
wow seven ninety seven
so our goal for this month is to get the eight hundred by uh... which would be what
by uh... friday
today's the twenty-ninth already holy crap rat man
it means we got today and tomorrow and then uh... these december one starts on friday and that's when the cold
rudder starts here too for whatever reason
like uh... the lord you know that's the way the lord works in mysterious ways that's what i always think is a very spiritual
he is
it's already fifty today and there's a little bit of sunshine and it's gonna be like sixty something today
and it's gonna be like sixty ish and then on friday it's gonna be like thirty something
but that's waycoes and of course i am not complaining you will hear any complaints from me about the weather if we can
we got snow up to my armpits if i'm slipping inside on the ice
although i don't have to worry about that i got my cleats over here that you sent me
that's right you're still built of radios
still having to open up the uh... thing here it's the uh...
oh i got my own walker i didn't realize that was the name of it it's the yak tracks walker
that's right so spread the word that nila's walking with a walker now
you could run across a frozen lake while other people say yeah
it's confidently on packed snow and ice
and then like cleats that you put on your shoes
and you can walk right on your own i did a lot of research and those are the only ones that are safe to wear indoors and out
because the other ones have spikes that dig into the wood floor
or you think are the ones that dig indoors are you some kind of a crazy person or what?
they can be because all they are are rubber and spring
so they're safe and spring
so the yak tracks have a unique spikeless patented coil base
i'm like other products in the market
they give you instant confidence and safety and snowy or icy walking conditions
but won't ruin your hardwood floor
you feel the same solid predictable grip you're accustomed to feeling
i'm dry services at the same predictable grip
you're that Jacob?
yeah you use them on your shoes
oh the unique patented coil is an unprovoked
262 degrees of traction on packed snow and ice
well there you go
so there they are right over here just in case when we get our first icy day
and we may not get any icy this
that's the first day i encountered like that in all the time i've been back up here up north
and it was just a slip-in slide
although i didn't manage to get back here in one piece
didn't break any bones nothing like that
and all the ways you get older and older you got to really be careful man
oh yeah
and that's another thing
well if you said if you took a real slip and falling your tailbone
that'd be your ass
yeah would that be my ass
yeah that's what they said
that's exactly what it would be
and anyway it's 21 past 11 life is great
everything's coming along hunky duri
everybody's happy again now
everything's under control
as of this morning more than a million of the Florida Lottery's new holiday
a million air raffle tickets have been sold
as of 730 this morning just 240,000
335 tickets remained for the January 1 drawing the Florida Lottery said
only 1.25 million of the $20 tickets will be sold
producing the best odds of any game Lottery's ever offered
and of course they're running spots on our station for this thing
so the holiday million air raffle have you heard those spots?
yes
so naturally we have to say
this is a great deal
ten lucky ticket holders will win a million dollars
and of course if anybody in this audience wins a million
i get the chunk i get a piece
and i share that with George and Josh
each kid like 1 percent
i'll take another ten will win 100 grand
and 100 more will collect 10 thousand each
that makes the odds of winning a million dollars
one in 125 thousand
and the overall odds of winning a prize just 1 in 9615
not bad
certainly better than the odds of the regular Lottery
which i wouldn't wish on Heinrich Himmler
okay
or here around uh... Gearing
you might mention my name to rice master Geary
okay
1147 votes on the pool
i think we're going to get to 1200 by noon
12 by 12 wouldn't that be something or what?
that would be
kind of like the size of my ass 12 by 12
1147 were asked to get about guys who shaved their bodies today
not their private, it's not their that
you know
that's the Joe Costello school
guys who shaved
see this is the one thing about Joe
that's why you guys get along so well
you're both stubborn as hell
that's why he got divorced
okay something for you to think about
all right
it wasn't because he was shaving
no it's because he's a hard ass like you
that's why he's a hard ass
he's stubborn as a freaking mule man
okay
it's a good guy but stubborn as a mule
yeah
guys who shaved
slice removed their chest hair
are generally
and the number one answer
gay by a mile
that made two of them
354 say they're gay
narcissistic 150
they like looking at themselves in the mirror
oh don't I look pretty
oh we're pretty pretty
not body
easily manipulated by me the imagery
136 like those naked pictures of Brady Quinn
I mean just because you guys are looking at those pictures
you're not going to look like that
no matter where you're shaving or what you're shaving it with
believe you me
and if you do look like that
you're going to look like that
but send us the picture
until they find out how to shave flesh
perfectly normal 125
that's what Josh Cordis would tell you
they're perfectly normal just like him
did I vote it
in need of attention 86
insecure 75
they're clean
61 and who don't like a clean my sheen mind
you know if you find something that's like really clean
and you want to like lick over every inch of their body
mmm
I hate this pull 59
5.1%
deranged 43
deranged like me 43
I'm crazy and I admit it
I'm proud of it
they're show off 41
they want to show it off and I look at it
they're 65
18 and they're young 3
see you put a young runner
3
only younger old guys don't shave their body
unless they're like old queens you know
right
which you never knew what that was all about
I try to explain that to you
what
like old trolls
you know old queens
address of
you know try to with like
you know t-shirts
and they want to look like they're 20 years old
they're not straight
it's the same syndrome
you know give it up pops
yeah cut the crap pops
okay you're an old fart
and quick try to look like you're a teenager again
you old a fairer you
god
really an oyster crap out of me
it's so it's it's tragic
is what it is it's
it's really
really great
it's embarrassing
oh I wonder if it works
25
let us know
yeah I'll let you know
in the snow
when the wind blows
tell you what works
with the old straight guys
now what's that
money whether you're shaved
or not
oh all the same for everybody
although I'm not
not all that keen at that
and that kind of takes the
challenge out of it
you know what it does
it makes a person
no more anybody can do that
anybody can do that
any more
20 6 past 11 at 5 60 WQM
your perverted station
for the new millennium
whether joysticks
or not
hey Joyce
that's for you honey
shave this
yeah shave that
oh I bet he does
I bet he shaves
or face
oh face
okay
yeah that grotesque
poos
for over 20 years
Miguel and Cesar at my
Mulex jewelers have been
offering beautifully hand
crafted one of a kind
designer jewelry
writing instruments
and precision time pieces
too
in this holiday season
whether you're shopping
for yourself or looking
for a really neat holiday
gift make a statement
with something very special
from my Mulex jewelers
my Mulex jewelers has got
great Italian jewelry
from Domiani
and Marco Biccego
one of a kind design
from Elizabeth Taylor's
house of Taylor jewelry
designer jewelry
from Kathy Ireland
Philippe Sherriol
and Leslie Greene
plus my Mulex jewelers
features one of the
largest collections of
bright-linked timepieces
you'll find anywhere in
the universe including
the bright-linked for Bentley
collection. Bright-linked
been creating precision
time pieces since way back
in 1884 and I guarantee
that they'll have the
ideal timepiece for you
and whoever you're
looking to buy a gift for.
So visit my Mulex jewelers
this holiday season
you'll find about 6755
main street in Miami
Lakes exit off the North
West 67 and have off the
Palmeau call 305-362-6446
305-362-6446
this holiday season finds
something really nifty
and perfect that my Mulex
jewelers.
The biggest name
of best talent
to the business
we are Rogers
42560-U-A
New
God
Coming up
tonight, on inside
the behind the TruHollywood
celebrity music
profile story.
He grew up in poverty
and inspired the people
of Jamaica with his
songs of peace and
protest. If he knew that
he would one day be the
voice of disenfranchised
suburban white
thrat boys, he would
probably
soil himself.
He was Bob Marley.
Bob Marley
is the man.
He's a young white
man.
Whenever one of my
college professors, who I
call the great oppressors,
make me write some term
paper or something, I just
know how Bob Marley felt.
Being in a crime
written slum all the time.
I don't know how Bob Marley
does it?
Bob Caucasian
is another young white man.
I mean, how does this guy
from the Jamaican
ghetto know how angry it
makes me when my parents
will let me have the
escalate? Or how I'm
filled with resentment
when I go over on myself
for a minute?
Bob Marley does it.
Bob Caucasian is another
young white man. I mean, how does
this guy from the Jamaican
ghetto know how angry it makes me
even to me.
It's OK to walk around
The ones who just wish would shut up.
It's a big juicy shopping app like a show business.
Tonight, on inside of our night.
Y'all on.
It's 1131, 29th of June.
The sun is shining.
It's a sensational day here at QAAM.
Believe you made.
You believe us?
No.
Well, too bad.
And we take a whole bunch of calls right now.
We go into a heavy like phone call segment
if we had any, but we don't.
56670560.
See, this is the thing that really just you just wonder.
And then of course you don't wonder.
No, I don't wonder.
Because it hasn't changed in so long.
You know, and you can't live in the past.
I think all the real colors died a long time ago.
At least most of them.
They want to hear the calls.
They just don't want to make any.
Oh, I see.
Well, even the guy that did make one at the first one
this half hour, that was funny.
That was the best call.
Yeah, he was pretty good.
And he said, that I don't know.
They really suck.
Something like that.
I think he had a point.
He wasn't talking about himself.
He was all right.
He had a great call from Rick Shaw yesterday.
If you missed it, Rick called in on the day
that he announced his retirement.
And he kissed my answer about five minutes.
It was a really emotional thing.
I had to like, oh, man, had to take a hot bath after that.
5, 6, 7, I'm giving this number out one more time.
And then I'm going to my bedtime stories.
I'm going to a five hour bedtime rant.
Because it just is, it's like it always was.
It's the same old crap.
You know, it's the same old song.
And then every time we go back to doing this again,
and I say to myself, well, I know I stopped taking these calls.
Because nobody else calls.
And then of course, the same three or four bozos
are around there 400 times a day.
And that's it.
That's all we got.
What's two gods?
Well, those guys over there, you know,
what's that rumor again that Josh was starting
about sometime in March.
They're going to like, like that, something like that.
And they got some stink in there.
You know, I'll bet on a shape with me or with this station.
It's your people over there that are spreading
all the ugly rumors, Joel.
Inside, you better have a major douching
at buildings, what you need.
Get a long, sheer, a major douching out of that waxy building.
I think they got a waxy build up.
WDQ way in.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Is Neil Roger show?
Yes, it is.
The question for Neil.
OK.
Combination like a sports and law thing.
I just thought he would know more about this
and probably most of the sports shows.
A sports question about what?
Well, you know, all you hear in the other programs
about Larry Coker and the money they gave him whatever.
If we don't on the show, we don't care about Larry Coker
or the money they gave him or the Hurricanes or any of that.
Ah.
5.670560.
Pound 560.
And this is not a sports show.
We don't want sports questions.
We don't want sports comments unless you love the patriots
or something like that or the Leafs and Leafs suck, by the way.
So sick and tired of them playing the Bruins.
They can't beat the Bruins.
Change the schedule.
Play somebody else.
Play somebody you might be able to beat.
They can't beat the freaking Bruins for sure.
And the Bruins suck.
Well, look at that.
Ducks three, orlers two.
Used to be the mighty ducks.
Now they're not somebody and now they're winning all the time.
What was to show you?
Remember mighty mouse?
Sure.
If you would have just been playing the old mouse,
he didn't have a lot better.
It's dropped the mighty.
Providing.
Look at that guy.
Oh, that's a chick.
Colonel Terry Walters, boy.
She don't look like a real bulldy.
Oh, son.
Mighty mouse.
Here we go again.
I did like Mighty mouse with the yellow outfit and the red key.
Me too.
Yes.
Mighty mouse.
Not very popular.
There's a lot of mice more popular than him.
And by the way, line one still doesn't work.
And George's equipment is still on Gapash's studio.
But nevertheless, I just mentioned that in passing.
No complaints.
That's just the way it is here at QAM.
And now he's been that way.
We'll never change.
WQAM, hello.
Neil, God.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I just wanted to say, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
OK, good.
WQAM, hello.
Yes.
Good morning, Neil.
Good evening.
Oh, man, just enjoying the beautiful South Florida weather.
I noticed the Canadian friends are down in the South
Broward in North-Aid area.
The frogs are there.
Well, better there than here.
I'm sorry to that, those French Canadians.
Yeah.
Will you be down this winter season,
or are you staying up in the, uh, for, uh, at a ride?
Are you, are you riding a booger?
What?
Well, no, I just, I was talking to you
just trying to get a stocking schedule.
I was hoping to see you over at the track.
I know you'd like to come down the Gulf Stream a lot.
I'll come down to Gulf Stream.
Well, don't you get me told?
I haven't been in Gulf Stream in probably 20 years.
Well, I saw you with Bill Calder at, uh, Highly Array track.
Right.
And again, when did Highly Array close?
You know how many years ago that is?
Only some of my memories, not that good, not bad.
Okay.
Okay, we'll get some health, pal.
I'll get some health.
Woo!
Just like that guy that called yesterday about the gingerbread man
back in the 80s, he saw me eating there,
which I never, I never heard of the place.
You get around.
Well, I get around.
I'm a Gulf Stream.
I'd like to go to Gulf Stream when I'm down there.
What a, and if I am at Gulf Stream,
I sure as hell don't want to see you.
I'll say that, leave me alone.
That's one of the things I'm so, uh, one of many things,
believe me, many.
I'm so ecstatic about being here.
You know, just to make it easy,
can you fax your agenda ahead of time when you come down?
Yeah, I'll fax it my schedule, okay.
And I'll also, I'll put my funeral data on there
for when I'm gonna pro,
so they're on the website.
And show up for my funeral.
I have to attend celebrity funeral.
Google map links to all the places
you're going to be going to be.
Let me say it again, when you cross into South Florida,
there are big billboards.
They have the motto of the area on it says,
I have no life.
That's what it says, I have no life.
Wow.
What a place.
What an absolute place from outer space.
And he was talking about the sunshine,
how great it is.
Well, as I'm trying to hear it too
and believe me, it's a lot greater.
I'm just ecstatic.
I'm tickled pink.
I'll bet.
That's because I'm looking at those pictures of Jacob
and you know, in Vegas,
I thought it was because you're gay.
Now, well, that's why I'm looking at the pictures.
Hey, listen, those pictures are all from a long distance.
I don't even know if it's the same person
or if I'm gonna get a response to my message,
yeah, I don't know who that is.
But again, it's fantasy, man.
What's wrong with living like everybody?
There's a little bit of a fantasy world, okay?
That's right.
Think it back to those wonderful days
at the hockey games when all those living
and breathing clean, squeaky, bright face people were there.
Oh, God.
But nevertheless, another probably like shaving their body here.
5'6, 7'5", 60, pound 5'60 and leave a rise in singular.
I mean, I just, I just,
where the hell did that start from?
It was Brady Quinnigan.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh, he much shivers, yeah.
Which I think is so bogus.
Although, and no, I'm the one that started.
I take it back, but he's because he obviously shaved his pubes,
you know?
Because that one picture we got on there
where he's got his uniform on is like down to his,
well, I don't want to say nuts.
But I mean, it's pretty damn low.
Listen, I made fun of Joe Castello and,
you know, rightfully so, by the way,
and the young girls who overheard the conversation
inside and outside the building made fun of me as a result of it.
How young about it?
10, 12.
You're out of touch, old man.
Really?
That's what I call those days.
Well, if you were out of touch,
you can imagine how far out of touch I am.
Over the matter.
Not as far as you might think though.
All right.
WQYM, hello.
Oh, brother.
WQYM, hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
I love you, website.
I have to tell you, I love it.
It's my favorite website.
I used to have it at my home page.
Yeah.
And what I love about it is,
the monster pictures of Brady Quinn,
you know, a little sheepish to open it now.
Yeah.
Because I was thinking,
I'm a little insecure about your sexuality.
I don't know.
Well, I mean, you know,
it's really hard to explain
and I'm going to have to read these things.
I think we're right in the first part of that.
He said it's really hard.
1176 votes on a poll.
Anybody that's worried about seeing naked pictures of Brady Quinn?
First of all, he's not naked.
He's got a, you know,
he's got a thing on.
What's he got?
He's got shorts on.
He's on the phone.
And he quite frankly,
he looks like he's puzzled.
Like, what am I doing on this Fag website?
And then the other one below,
he's like, that's the one's got his,
all the way down to his knees.
But there he is.
And if you're stimulated by that,
I think maybe he ate.
You know, you ought to start cruising the bar
and stuff like that and have a wonderful life.
Good luck to you.
21 before noon, don't forget mad dog.
Until we got no games tonight,
panties lost one, nothing in the shootout last night.
I wonder if that game is on again.
Would that be something if it was on again here
on NHL on your fly?
C.C.R. Flyers.
C.C.R. Flyers.
They're not in a game at the moment.
Although we do have a live racing channel,
we could play some of the replays from Woodline
where the cancel or races do to Fag last night.
How do you like that?
My favorite at the track,
speaking of the track, which nobody wants to hear about,
my favorite is like I was watching last night
on the racing channel.
The Fag was so thick at Georgian down,
when the announcer can't see the horses, you know?
To call a race.
And the guy Georgian down,
did a pretty good job.
Well, I can't see a thing.
You know, when they come in the stretch, I'll let you know.
Like that.
And then the Fag was so thick at Woodline,
they had a cancel or racing last night
because they couldn't see who's on first
and who's on second.
And that exciting to you?
What?
Where the hell's the NHL?
I'm thinking maybe we get a little taste
of the Panther game last night.
But there it is.
There's a little taste for you.
And boy, there were people swooning
when Dave Strader, which he's not very good anyway.
We don't like David Hall.
But when Dave Strader was like missing an actioner,
whatever the hell he went to do games for that
would used to be O-L-N.
What is it now?
What's that called?
Josh.
It used to be O-L-N, and now they changed it to something else.
Well, whatever it is, it's some other stupid thing.
And so when Geldy did the TV,
I think I was the, who the hell did they play that?
Oh my God, people were swooning.
They were screaming.
What does that sound coming through my TV?
It's speakers, holy cow.
It was like just like that.
The biggest name of the best talent
I've seen is making your friends
around your age.
You're already in five sixty.
You see you A-M.
Yeah, kid, baby.
I've decided to pull the plug on O-J.
Nobody wants to hear what he has to say.
No.
The book in the show was dimented
from a guy who's ticked and twisted.
Shut up, O-J. Go away.
Because you had a bad name.
You two people died.
But you really let you go.
But you really should have tried.
You shouldn't have profit.
Not one thing or since.
Because nobody cares.
You can't afford your parents.
We all want to say, shut up, go away.
There's no big day now for you O-J.
Listen to what we say.
Shut up, go away.
How do I believe this ever did a question?
That's the huge man as he'll be a kid.
Maybe he would office men when he called off those two creepers and shut up.
O-J. Shut up.
You had a bad name.
You two people died.
But you really should have tried.
You shouldn't have profit.
Not one thing or since.
Because nobody cares.
We all want to say, shut up, go away.
There's no way it's been.
With you to drink in.
So O-J. Shut up.
Shut up, go away.
14-0-0 at 560 WDQM.
I'm going to tell you these shows go by so much faster than we're back taking these great
calls again.
I'll tell you that right now.
I'm serious.
Oh no.
That reading this ponderous stuff day after day.
I don't know how I stayed alive that long.
That was your motive behind the whole deal.
That's it.
What you think Josh?
That's why you kept talking to me into doing it.
That's it.
So you can just talk to yourself to that the old man can croak and I can like move right into that chair.
It starts to make a nice to 50 bucks a week.
They're going to move you right on in there man because Joe said you're adequate.
Yeah, right on into the garage.
1193 votes on the pool.
I got a feeling we got 1200 by noon coming out that we care you understand but 1200 by noon.
That would be impressive.
A Tampa man.
Well we started out to show that story about the woman at the Friday her kid alleged in the microwave.
Her daughter.
A Tampa man has been charged with torturing and killing three cats he considered nuisance as fully said.
Well what's wrong with that?
Richard Aaron Wyatt 30.
But 30 man.
Was arrested Tuesday after investigating his fund that had cats in a trash can and why it's property.
He's been charged with three felony counts of animal cruelty.
Oh poor pretty cat.
I wonder if the spokesman was there Brian Murray.
He reported him he thought he's all pretty cat.
It looks like he tortured one said Marty Ryan on that spat spokesman for Hillsborough County animal services.
He may have drowned the others.
I think all three of those are not good.
The microwave would have been much more suitable for the kitty cats than that baby when you think.
Oh yeah.
Now here's one.
There's a this is very sad puppy abuse alleged in Broward.
You know how I like dogs that love dogs.
Oh that's your real story was on the news all over the news and if you didn't see the pictures that you're lucky.
Really?
Yeah.
You know you people that mess with dogs are going to tell you right now hope that they bite your ass and you bleed the death.
Is that the one with the ears?
He's got the thing over his head you know the plastic whatever they call it.
So you only see the face and the sad eyes you know two little puppy dogs.
I got news for most dogs are better than a lot of the people I've met in my life.
Police found a propane tank with a handheld torch in the shed and the cage that looked like an animal trap.
It's in a Bret Bartlett said the trap about two feet long eight inches wide had burn marks on one side.
Necroopsies how do you say that?
Necroopsies.
Sure.
No.
I don't know.
We'll be done on the cats to determine the cause of death.
Isn't that where they like to check out their neck?
Is that what they call an autopsy when it's an animal?
I guess.
Why it apparently told investigators that you don't want the cats on his car.
He bought it out of the orient road jail on Tuesday night.
It was known if he had an attorney.
If the inviscuity faces up to five years in prison on each count or maybe on each cat.
How do you like that?
Here's a guy that's torching cats.
He taught his dog put a cat on his car and he burned them.
Idiot.
Lunatic.
People that do nasty stuff to animals.
And then these are the same people that later on in life they do nasty stuff to people.
Every time.
You know, like Ted Bundy.
That's right.
I mean, it sounds good.
I don't know if that's true or not.
It just made it up.
But I know that Ted Bundy was like a...
That's right.
Am I right?
It's part of the profile.
They start off with animals.
Really?
Yeah.
How do you know that?
I saw it documentary.
Oh, did they perform an acropsy on the animal?
No.
201 votes.
Oh!
On that pool, man, I'm telling you.
Now that the calls are back, I think we've saved the show.
I think that Josh Corden has saved the show when he said, you better start taking calls.
You old fat, fat.
And then when you said, that's what I said.
That was after he can't say a check.
I noticed that hasn't gone through yet.
No, I haven't cashed it.
Really?
Really?
Oh, well, listen, I gotta go make a call.
I'll erase you that Washington Mutual right here.
It's a block away.
Oh, no.
Well, my phone is like...
Just a matter of feed away.
I'm not in the reason, Josh.
So we're both going down there.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Come on.
Let's keep these phones sizzling, baby.
If you want phone calls, make them.
And I'm not talking about the three or four knuckleheads out there.
We're gonna get necropsies under neck.
You think the bees could get a neck crop.
See if he had a neck.
We just didn't have one.
It's in there somewhere.
I was thinking about this a few days ago.
I was shaving.
You know how when you're in a bad room and you're doing various things.
You think about strange things.
You know, kill time.
And I'm shaving and I was thinking to myself about the fact that he's married now.
And that he's actually...
He's actually betting down with some human being at night and actually maybe even touching her and like...
Oh, advice versus...
I'm bigger part than...
And vice versus.
Well, oh, that's even...
I didn't even think that far.
I understand they have the jaws of life right there next to the thread.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh.
Yeah.
I got a good line for that, but I better not use it.
Sorry, Joyce.
Hey Joyce, that's for you, honey.
No, I'm just...
I want to apologize to myself for...
You know, allowing myself to put up with her crap.
She doesn't know where I smit from Shrine O'Line.
I'm just not listening to her.
There's nothing in my deal as I got to put up with her garbage or allow her to try to destroy this show.
We're not gonna let you destroy it, honey.
She made a hell of a good shot and guess what?
We stopped there right in her tracks.
We nipped her in the bud.
W-D-Q-I-M, hello.
Hey, Neil, are they keeping the updated on the poppano or a grand opening at the new casino?
It's supposed to be after the first of the year.
Why, you got a date?
No, I think it's gonna be a more actual April.
I mean, there's no reason for you to come down here before that, but would you come down for that?
Would I come down for the grand opening?
Yeah, they make me start off it.
No?
No.
Wow.
I thought it would be right up your alley.
Well, what do you mean by that?
Why would I have to come down for the grand opening of the casino where I can go right over here to woodbind,
which I'll be doing you to a clunk this afternoon?
Why do we need to do that?
I can find a way to do it.
If I want to lose my ass, I can go right over here woodbind, mine, and find a bad machine, mine.
Or maybe I'll get lucky and find a good machine like I did on Sunday.
There was an unscheduled trip.
This is a bad, I shouldn't probably admit this on here, but I'll admit it anyway.
Because you're gonna say, oh, the old man's a compulsive gambler now.
He's losing, yeah, right.
I'm gonna say that.
Yeah, you will.
I'm hoping.
I don't care.
No, because you're not getting any of it anyway.
It doesn't matter.
But the bottom line is this.
Well, of course you should care because now I mean how many more of those checks can I afford if I lose all my money?
Oh, like I said, this, don't do it.
But anyway, I was not even gonna go and I was like, I went to lunch and whatever and then I came wandering back
in my regular cabbie who usually doesn't even work on Sunday.
He was like, like parked right by my joint here.
Then I saw him and I said, well, you know what? I guess so maybe I'll go.
How do you like that?
Now that's bad.
All of it turned out good because I found the good machine.
I won $1,700 bucks, which you probably would be very happy for my going.
If I said, well, guess what?
I'll give you half to or just a seven.
Yeah, you go, but I don't.
127 votes on a poll.
It's about body here.
Are you shaving it?
Are you waxing it?
Are you like kneading it?
Nearing it?
Whatever.
Because let's face it.
That's such a, yeah.
So, and that's what the winning it and I knew it would.
We're gonna have old demos in this crowd.
These are all old men.
What are you talking about, old men?
We got 900 and, uh,
you took 797 on our demo.
What have we got on our, uh, my space, 797?
Where you took that poll, how old are you and everybody's over 50?
Get out of here the hell we did.
What are you talking about?
I'll give you the demographic poll again this weekend.
You're so full of results.
There's still on record there.
You can just get them from Eric.
All right.
Now I can do it from right here, from the history.
How old are you?
At first of all, that's not the poll.
See, old men like us who aren't dating young women don't need to take a razor to nothing.
If I wasn't a young man, I wouldn't be dating a young woman, okay?
Let's see.
Let me see.
Uh, through I was a three-word.
I'll, this is gonna take some time now.
So those people on the phone that are thinking they're gonna get right on.
Guess what?
Let's see.
Which best describes you in football program?
Here's what it says.
You can't tell a spell scum without you, um.
What am I looking for?
The English demo holder.
Here's the one right yourself on the proverb scale.
On the scale of 0 to 10, I'd say about 100.
Oh, here we go.
What's your gender and age group?
It's not that far back.
We had 1639 votes.
Male 35 to 54, 899.
That's not an old.
You consider that an old fart?
54, yeah.
35?
No.
Younger than you are.
Quite the range, yeah.
Yeah.
Male over 55, 315.
Oh, I don't like that.
And by the way, the 35 year olds, I don't know what kind of action they got going on, but they're probably married and settled down and not dating either.
Male 25 to 34.
You know, it's really interesting because my close personal friend, um, what's his name?
And Jacob.
That's on the MySpace thing there, which I don't even know if it is the Jacob from the hockey games, but I think it is because who the hell is the one who named Jacob?
Nobody.
But anyway, so he's 32 and single and head of a sexual.
So he says, and I said to George this morning before the show, what kind of a straight guy is 32 and looks good like that?
And his married, he said a smart one.
Right.
That was an excellent answer and an accurate one too.
Right.
As more of George's bitterness continues, seeping through.
I'm sorry, I have a seeping again.
Male 25 to 34, 200.
Now, those aren't all.
No.
Well, 200 out of 16, 39, it's like 12%.
Male 18 to 24, 60.
Young punks 18 to 24.
Like Josh's age.
Male under 18, we had seven.
That's what we had.
By the way, Miguel says that it is the same Jacob.
Well, how does he know that?
He said, trust me, I know when I said the same.
You must have the inside scoop.
Well, what does that mean?
Hey, listen, what the hell is that mean?
I'm just telling you what I heard.
He called it over the little phone.
Well, I'm going to have to leave now.
I'm going to have to nervous breakdown.
Well, what do you mean, Miguel said it's the same Jacob.
How the hell do you know?
He goes, trust me, I know.
So, maybe they're hanging out.
I don't have any idea what that means.
The rest of them, maybe they're pulling around.
I don't know what that means.
Love you, Jacob.
Okay.
Now, see, the reason I know I can do that is because back in the day,
I don't even know if it was on IAD or on this station or what it was.
But back when he used to come to the hockey games, I would talk about him on the air.
And it didn't bother him then.
See, I'm not these guys that are very uptight and talk about him on the air
and then all their friends, oh, well, they are the old fans.
They're not the hotsriest.
And they don't even care.
Miguel says to check your hotmail.
Why don't you have an email from him?
Yes, you do.
Get out of here.
Like I said, I got to leave now.
The biggest name, self-fascist talent, this is Neil Rogers,
Force Radio 560,
SUAM.
This is Brandon Quinn.
Whenever I shake my ball, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1-1.
New from Outburst products, just in time for the holidays,
is the Talking Cramer doll.
Now you can own a piece of TV history with the once-de-loved character from Seinfeld.
Cramer.
Fucking son of a bitch.
I just pull the rip cord and listen as Cramer speaks out of a variety of subjects, like racism.
I definitely endorse the clan.
Hobbies.
Oh, I really enjoy party crosses.
Religion.
Jerry Seinfeld's Josh.
The Talking Cramer doll, just 39.95, available from Outburst products.
First of all, but only for white.
Probably one at 560 WKM.
I have no email on my hotmail.
I have no email on my Yahoo.
I have no email on my outlook expressed.
I have, I haven't got nothing.
How do you explain that?
Me go.
Huh?
Well, I dare not.
Sounds like a major tease to me.
Does that make any sense to you?
How does he know?
No it is.
I mean, I realize Miguel's in charge of our Myspace page,
and doing a sensational job, by the way.
I think.
But how do I know who it is?
Obviously for some reason.
Like he got an email and he coordinated along or something.
Excellent.
Okay, let me see if we have any new, we have what?
797.
Still 797.
We're hoping to get over 800 by December 1.
Not that it means anything.
It's another goal that I said.
See, and I promised I wouldn't do that anymore.
I still did it.
Now what did Miguel say?
What is the email that he supposedly sent me?
Or explain all of this?
Hmm.
Josh.
I'm sorry.
I'm struggling conversations with you and Miguel.
What'd you say?
Well, he hasn't sent me anything.
Okay, I'm just telling you that the audience doesn't care about this except in a very perverse
way.
Thinking, oh, here we go again.
The old man's off the deep end again and you know what, you're right.
But, you know, just to cure it, you know, if they say curiosity, kill the cats in the microwave.
56670560, pond 560, the Verizon singular wireless line.
No, that was a valuable piece of information.
No, acquiring minds want to know, you know.
I mean, I sure don't want to.
I don't want to be communicating with some stranger out there who just happens to be some listener,
you know, who send me pictures from standing on some kind of a boulder out there in the middle
of the desert in Vegas.
Why would I want to be communicating with that person?
Unless maybe they'd look pretty good.
They'd go, what's you to refresh?
Listen, I checked that thing so many times during that break.
Are you refreshing?
My fingers about it.
It's so refreshing it's about to fall off and the finger too.
We add ice to you.
Will you be refreshing?
Oh, God.
Where the hell is it?
Well, you said you were having problems with it.
I have several emails this morning.
They all came through nice and queer, clear.
All, you know, a bunch of stupid ads from Eric Canada and this one and that one.
Stuff like that.
Well, you were saying that there were some issues.
Maybe the site is having issues.
Well, the site always has issues.
Hotmail's got it.
And of course, that whole window thing that's your buddy Bill Gates again.
Uh-huh.
Once they get their thumbs into it.
Okay, it's loading your messages and guess what?
The inbox is empty.
Is there no messages?
Have them set it for the Yahoo thing.
Okay.
You know what I just said?
I heard you.
Good.
56670560.560 and you've already been singular right?
Let's get back to the show and quit with Miguel's obsession with Jacob.
Okay.
Miguel's obsessed.
Oh, I am.
WQA and hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Uh, did I get the wrong number?
This is QA and is that who you're calling?
Yes.
This is Old Neal.
Are you calling me or are you calling somebody else?
Calling Old Neal.
Well, you got him.
I wanted a first time caller.
I wanted to call people before I died.
Okay.
Well, listen.
You better do it quick.
If you move north, can I get your signal better now?
Because I've been out of touch.
If I move north?
Yes.
You move north, I just heard.
I was in Miami.
But I'm from Fort Pierce.
Can I get your signal now?
Oh, yeah.
No problem.
I got to catch up on the news.
Okay.
See you.
Oh, I think he intercepted that email.
Now, what did Miguel say?
What is he doing?
What is he saying?
Okay.
He said it to both of us, and I'm festing it to you right now.
This should be so simple.
Oh, you're faxing it to me now.
Well, that seems no way.
This is no way any kind of weird confusion.
Good.
It should be great.
Of course, it's trying to do a radio show when you're stuck
in the middle of a ball of confusion.
You know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
I don't know.
Come 133 votes on the poll.
That's what I'm saying.
That's not too bad.
It's pretty damn good.
Thank God that I came up with this brilliant idea of putting the calls back on.
I know something that was my idea.
Probably just shook the crap out of you on Monday morning.
No, whatever.
Oh, not the temptations in ball of confusion.
WQA, I'm hello.
What do you say?
Oh, I thought it said something really important like that.
WQA, I'm hello.
Hey, how are you?
Okay, sir.
Kill that music.
Kill the temptations.
Yes, sir.
Oh, yeah.
Yesterday I wanted to come and he was talking about Rich Shaw.
He said it was on the front page of the Harold, which I had the Harold.
But it wasn't until today's Harold.
Well, it wasn't on yesterday because he announced it on a show yesterday morning.
So this is what happens when you're in the newspaper business.
Is that everything becomes obsolete.
It was on the front page of their website, which I should have verified.
I was wondering if they had on your computer the results for today's races.
They called there or goals for me.
No, it was that fact they got the results for this weekend's upcoming races on some of these.
I'll bet and plug my guess out.
Hey, can you play some Satan things, garthunk, or something like that?
Sure.
I think it was on the Twilight Zone where the guy woke up and was like, he had the next day's newspaper
and had the race results from the day before.
Yeah, I recall that.
That was an epic.
It was.
It was going to happen for us.
Okay, thanks, pal.
I can get out of here.
You ever see that?
I don't see any facts coming by the way.
Did you send me a facts?
I don't see anything coming from there.
Maybe you guys are in the dead zone when you are in South Florida.
I think you're in the dead zone.
Maybe you were gaslighting it.
Yeah, maybe it's just the big tease.
I think that's what it's all about.
I think it's just the big tease.
You should play in that movie while there is a facts coming now.
And here's also an email coming, although it's from Tompaine.com and has got nothing to do with Miguel or Jacob or anything.
I have to say, and it says, well, what the hell is this?
This isn't what I was looking for.
This is a shaved guys.
They're usually sports time in a minute.
What?
I sent that facts after I sent the Jacob facts.
Well, the Jacob facts hasn't made it here.
Okay, send it on believable.
Is it really on the other side?
Well, I got the one from our buddy, Gene Rogers, our chronic facts.
And it says, shaved guys are usually sports type-slide, bodybuilder, slash, just like the pics on your website.
Great show is always.
Thank you, Gene.
And of course it is.
I'm fags in it again.
You're fagging it again?
Wouldn't it be the first time?
Okay, I will do it again.
I'm going to see what happens.
Because the one from Gene Rogers came through it, like, silly, a drawing on it.
I think it's a curse.
I think I'm being impeded here.
I think I'm being blocked.
Somebody's got a sunblock.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
I'm fags in it.
The biggest name, the best talent to do this is Leo Rogers, Force Radio 560.
You AM.
Stop us at night!
As your reputation been injured by appearing in the Borat movie.
Borat caused me to lose respect among my fraternity brothers.
And that ain't easy to do.
Were you deceived about the true nature of Borat's intention?
He paid me money, asked me to sign a release form, and pointed a camera at me when I said racist stuff.
How was I supposed to know I'd end up in his movie?
You may be eligible for compensation by calling the law officers of Sasha Baron and Cohen.
That name sounds familiar.
At the law officers of Sasha Baron and Cohen, we'll offer you complimentary drinks.
Ask you to sign a release, and sit you in front of a camera for your free consultation with our lead attorney, Ali G.
Check it!
I is here with my main plaintiff.
Question!
Why is you so stupid?
I don't know.
For real?
Respect, don't delay.
Visit the law officers of Sasha Baron and Cohen today.
We'll get you the money, and respect you deserve, and won't that be...
Nice!
It'll be nice.
1217-560, everybody here.
We just like getting that fast with nice, but nice.
Yes.
Come 153 votes on our poll today.
Are you shaving it, ricing it, yanking it, tweezing it?
Maybe they're pulling it out with tweezers, narrowing it, meaning it.
They're needing it.
They're too well.
Pelosi won't name Hastings chairman of the House Intelligence Committee.
I'm going to get back in and express a few of my bedtime stories on here.
Otherwise, the audience is going to start revolting.
Although I never did get the email, by the way, I see that Miguel did email it.
And that's hotmail for you, man.
That's Bill Gates.
That's Windows.
That's VGates.
I told Miguel to use that other email address.
No, but seriously, so if I get email on there and it doesn't show up, that's not a good idea.
Here's the fact that I have here all over my body.
I de-her my back and privates, and trim my arm and chest here.
The woman loving appreciated it.
I've never met a girl that said, ooh, I just love a man with a hairy back.
In fact, I found women who hate hairy backs.
Also, where he quit has a very hot older sister, 26.
Where can she be found?
She's either dating or married to some other jock, forget who the hell it was.
You know who it is, Josh?
No.
Well, why not hell not?
I don't know.
This is important.
My first news, he has a hot sister.
I'm looking her up right now.
Yeah.
What's her name, Martha?
So anyway, and of course this guy forgot all about Ron Jeremy.
But then again, these women were getting paid to do that.
That's about 100 years ago, Tim.
Yeah, that's true.
That's ancient history.
Nobody now knows from Ron Jeremy.
But there's off Medina Jod.
And as he was asked about...
Wow.
The money in the Jod.
That's true.
Yeah, that's true.
That's ancient history.
Nobody now knows from Ron Jeremy.
But there's off Medina Jod.
And as he was asked about...
Wow.
The money in the Jod.
Howling to public concerns about the ethical tone she was sending incoming House Speaker Nancy Pelosi told Representative Elsie Hastings today.
She would not name him Chairman of the House Intelligence Committee.
Pelosi announced her decision in a tourist statement.
They gave no hint of whom she would select to have the sensitive panel, which oversees the nation's intelligence community.
Congressman Elsie Hastings and I have had extensive consultations.
And today I advise him that I would select someone else, as Chairman of the House Intelligence Committee Pelosi said.
Elsie Hastings has always placed national security as his highest priority.
He has served that country well and I have full confidence I'll continue to do so.
She would be saying.
Pelosi previously indicated she would not choose Representative Jane Harmon, Democratic California, who is the senior Democrat on the Intelligence Panel.
Hastings, who was next in line after Harmon, has been the focus of editorials from coast to coast, criticizing his possible selection because of his impeachment.
And removal from the federal bench in late 1980s, late 1890s, on a bribery conspiracy charge.
Hastings, Democrat and Miramarna supported his had argued that his impeachment came despite his acquittal on criminal charges.
He noted he has served on the secretive panel for seven years.
Let's get OJ in charge.
What do you say?
By the way, that'll be Laura Quinn.
Yeah.
And she's okay. She's dating AJ Hawk, linebacker for the Green Bay Packers.
I told you.
And she's just okay.
Yeah.
In other words, he doesn't run in the family.
She doesn't have Brady's beautiful looks.
Anyway, I wasn't expecting a response.
I don't want to put you on the spot, you know, like that.
Put you on the spot, making your answer a question like that, that everybody else.
So you see how we like spread?
That's how they do, man. That's how those homos do, man.
They recruit.
They spread it around.
Yeah, spread this.
1200 and so your buddy chased a piece up in Lakeland, but it didn't work out.
That's an interesting way of putting it out.
He got away.
He was able to escape.
A piece got away.
Yeah, he got away.
He got away.
You got to let them suck it in.
In the hall.
Right.
Well, thank you, Jacob.
Keep running like hell, man.
That's George's advice.
Keep running like hell.
Don't get locked in.
Once you're locked in, you're screwed all over.
There's plenty of other pieces to chase all over the world.
Believe you may.
For off 60 on the dial, SWALM and Albion again.
I'm going back to Albion, Michigan to finish out my career.
If it's good enough for Rick's shoulder retire, I'm going to Albion.
Boy, all the places I can think of that I've worked.
Oh, man.
Albion, Michigan.
I'm trying to think they had any good restaurants in Albion.
I don't remember.
I know we had wind shulers in Marshall, Michigan, and we had that place with a claimed chowder in Sturgis, Michigan and WSTR.
Boy, those are the days, man.
This is what happens all you kids out there when you get old.
You start living in the past and thinking about how great it was.
Then, of course, you realize when they sit down and try to be honest with yourself.
And you realize it wasn't so great when you're working for like $75.80 a week.
That's what I was making in Albion, Michigan.
$75 a week.
Oh, King's Rancid.
Big bucks, baby.
Kind of like what you're making now.
$56.705.60.
Let's get a million calls on here between now and two o'clock.
The callers are back and they have just pumped oxygen and energy back in the show.
Anybody buying it?
No.
But they've done something.
They've done a little something.
$56.705.605.60 and Pound, or is that OH and Pound 5.60 in the Verizon Singular Rarnish line.
WQA and Hello.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
Do you think?
I think they you ain't going to be on.
WQA and Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon, Mr. Gooddorch.
Can you speak with George?
Oh, yeah.
What do you want to speak with George?
No, actually, just calling.
What's the link on the, um, which a colleague?
Seven inches.
Um, my space.
The link?
Yeah, the link so I can get on the, uh, real homepage.
Oh, what's that link?
Myspace.com slash Nail God.
Oh, slash Nail God.
Yeah, a question.
Thanks for having me.
Okay.
All right.
Yeah, he wants to take a look at Jacob.
5.6705.60 Pound, it's just a joke.
When you relax, just calm down everybody.
Just calm down a little bit.
I'm trying to, with not much success.
Let's see, you know, what I do with that facts that you send me there.
I heard it.
What?
What are you laughing about?
Oh, I told myself a joke.
I never heard of you.
I see.
I'm just sniffing the facts.
That's all right.
You know me.
I'm just, I get so emotional about things and then I'll let you in.
And then I realize, and he's one thing to know that there's part of your life that just a fantasy, part of your life.
It's one thing to know that and accept it and realize it.
It's another thing.
There's some people who unfortunately never realize that.
Don't know the difference.
Right.
The stalker is, you know.
You're going to be at the golf stream and, yeah,
I want to go back to my background.
Can we come watch you play the machine?
Yeah.
Watch this.
He would.
W.C.A.M.
Shrewd would.
W-70-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Hello.
I can't get out of my hand.
You fast enough.
Please reach stories.
If I didn't offer these morons on the phone, I got to give them the finger most of the day anyway.
Yeah, okay.
Please read stories.
How do you like that?
I go back to New York, by the way.
That's my suggestion to you.
Go back to New York.
All of you, malcontent, New Yorkers.
If you don't like it in South Florida, New York was so great.
Go back there.
And of course, the New Yorkers in South Florida, most of them are losers who couldn't make it in New York.
That's the bottom line.
I've been sending that for 30 years, and I'll say that one last time.
And maybe some more times.
Losers who couldn't make it in New York, and they came to South Florida.
And they're still losers, but they're disgruntled and I can understand.
I can easily understand.
And by the way, for anybody who doesn't know, including, I shouldn't even mention it.
Because there are a lot of people out there who think that I'm there, you know.
Right.
And I'm hard on you.
Yeah, I'm right there.
Just like Dick Feinberg told me to pop it out of that night.
A couple of months ago, he said, well, I can tell when you're in the studio with George.
I said, right.
And here comes Donald Brainerd on the far outside.
Holy moly.
At about hit him again, Donnie.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
George, what's the game?
Okay.
I'm ready to hear it.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Excellent.
I almost said welcome back.
Well, that's what they're all saying since we start taking their calls again.
Like some hiatus or something.
I have everything going.
Everything is going magnificently well.
Good.
Good.
I just want to tell you, there's very few people that ride dead in shoulders above the rest.
You're one.
George is one, but whenever I walk through in the airport, people stop with your doing.
Whenever I take out that real, people know they're looking at a special athlete.
Something that comes in all on one foot and a decade or two, especially after leaving it on the oven.
Oh, come on.
Come on.
Come on.
171 votes, but it's really something, man.
Here we are all these years later when he's still the same overgrown child.
Don't forget, Winchells, don't us too wide or at a schmuck.
Yeah, when he walks through the airport, they say, boys, there are pucks or what?
Look at that.
What a piece of walking turret is what they say.
And they might have a point.
See, that's why I like the cars because they're always, they've all been out there.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
They've all been out there all along, but they've been lurking waiting waiting in the wings
I don't think we've lost one of them have we we have no I said I don't we have it
I don't think we can't think of one. No, I can take a one. I do believe I'm not gonna don't dare say no
No, don't say it. It he's still out there. He calls when I take the show. Oh, well he waits for you
He likes you alive think he does twenty six past noon at five sixty WQM on a great Wednesday
Man, I told you this is gonna be a really big day in my life. Where's that fax again?
I'm really distressed over that email. I should not give out that email address to people because some of the emails don't come through on there
You know what I'm saying? I know you could use that other one because it will work
Damn it. I just I'm curious because I can see right on the facts that by the way
You're not the only one when we were having a discussion during the break and
Most of the people that we know that have the had problems with hot mail. We see even their mail also
Well hot mail sucks. How do you like that? Huh?
Bastards
Bill Gates again an evil doer if they were well. It's the clear war on Bill Gates
Okay, they already racing in poker fans
Pompadopark racing and poker's got the gambling action you want speak of the Donnie brainer man
He is he's doing it whether it's first class nighttime horse racing or playing poker in our smoke free card room with no
Long way to play you can have a great night out of Pompadopark
So come out and treat yourself from evening of gaming fun and excitement
Pompadopark features free admission free general parking every single day
Live harness racing in the poker room open every Wednesday like today Friday and Saturday
Poker starts at noon. It's going on right now and live racing gets underway. Notaly at 7.25 at the PM every Wednesday Friday and Saturday
Don't forget every Wednesday like tonight. It's the dollar night for draft beer soda hot dogs and more and every
Libracing night you can enjoy our primary buffet on the fourth floor for just 9.95 by showing us your power player
Reward card if you don't have one sign up for free at the park place
Give chop to the grand sentence
You can earn great rewards for bidding on the races or playing poker and it's free to join
Pompadopark is also of course open every single day seven days and nights a week for the best in
Simal casting harness thoroughbred and high-lion from all across North America
If you'd have watched and plunged your guts on Pompadopark a blast after the Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the new racing schedule
Call 9.5.4
972.2.2.000 around the wicked web. It's Pompadopark.com
The biggest names of best talent for the business wheel Rogers
4.2560.2.1
You A.M.
You're God
For our next segment today we have a very special caller online
Um, and Mr. Morris Harold Davis
Now let's see
Hope you're excited to hear what he has to say
Yeah, uh, what's on your mind Morris?
Do you know who I am?
Eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh
Yeah, I know we do
You are Morris Harold Davis
Absolutely and I'm calling to complain about the pizza
Uh, that's uh, an interesting way to play
I've never quite heard it put that way before
I like pizza but the pizza here in South Florida is not all for me
Do it do it do it
Wow, this is quite a call we got on here, are you Kim?
Yeah
Take all the pizza and give it to me
Eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh
Do it do it do it now see here
I'm saying the pizza in Florida is terrible
Anyone who says otherwise is wrong g-g-g-g-g-g-g-g-g-g
Yeah, well thank you for your real call, Morris
Right here on the Canyon Bocheyau
We'll be right back after this massage for mobile massage by Clarence
1232-28-185-60
I guess, uh, Norma Kent would like a massage by Clarence and the Son of it
And his cute little ass, where would he like it?
Oh, probably
Right, don't
Raff artist Snoop Dogg was arrested on weapons in narcotic charges last night after being pulled over by Burbank Police
Following a TV performance, not again, which ones?
Which ones?
Which ones what?
Weapons in narcotics
Oh, I can still see Frato sitting on the curb there after Don Corleone got shot five times
They hit him with five bullets and he's still alive and Frato is going, he's got his head and his out-can
I can't, I can't, like that, you know
Poor Frato, what a wimp, you know?
Mm-hmm
Although he sure had a piece of two out there in Vegas speaking of that
For banging cars, they didn't talk to what it does
They didn't talk to what it does, two at a time, that's right
The players couldn't get a drink at the table
Yeah, what kind of crap is that?
Do you know who I am? I'm no green
I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleader
They're good for you
According to Sergeant Kevin Grandoski
I've underfeated a related quarterback for the Bucks
What's his name? Grabowski?
Greg Kowski
Oh, Grabowski
According to Sergeant Kevin Grandos, what a Bucks are so bad
Who do they play this week?
Do they got any chance that they play like a little girls team?
Yeah, it's Burt
Oh yeah, they're bad
They're staked, they're going to win that game
Then Rolfis for good through 18 interceptions in the first five minutes that I came to the game
They are just pathetic
And couldn't come too soon to make me happy
What do I hate them?
I can't stand Bill Cower
He's just so far over the top, you know
Way over the top
Like a spastic person
He must be having like bad kiskees these days
His innerids must be like George's
Really a turn and turn up bad
According to Sergeant Kevin Grandoski
Before I go on with a Snoop Dogg story
I don't want to dwell on it because it's really embarrassing and it's bad
But it's me, you know, it's just who I am
Old Fag
But the thing with Jacob in that whole business
It's just, it's interesting when you discover people they haven't talked to or seen or
You know, interplayed with or even just played with for years, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, it really is
I mean, I've been acquainted with some old friends
Right
It's fun
Sure, and then you find out what they've been doing all these years and you think,
Boy, I'm doing pretty good
You know, like that
Do you realize that I've been declared as the most successful graduate from my high school ever in the history of that high school?
No, how do you like that?
Chris sets in a 10,000, 10,000 people
Candidate will come to me in high school
Not exactly what you call big city slicker, you know
Never the less
Never the less it's quite an accomplishment, quite a feather in my crab
Can't
Little kid from Candidate when New York in here he's been 30 years on here and has got forsaken place in Miami
Although doing a show from a real city though, that's a nice thing
Turned kind of murky out there in cloudy and gait gray
Kind of nasty looking on the outside
What's that temperature meal?
Because the cashier hope is taking notes
It's 54 right now going to be 61 today
It's not bad for the 29th November, huh?
Ask me next Monday what the temperatures are saying
Why?
I'll be throwing out by then
It's going to be really
Winners coming on Friday or somebody is
Got a war
Corners Sergeant Kevin Grandosky
The charges include possession of a gun, cocaine and marijuana
As well as having a false compartment in a vehicle
The weapons charges are felony, oh felony
Woo!
Not Snoop Dogg
Whose real name is Calvin Brodus
Well we know that by now because this is about the hundredth story we've had this year about him going to the slamer
Was arrested shortly after performing songs that's that S-H
And I want to love on to the night show with Jay Leno
How can he sing that's that Schmidt and tonight's show?
Bleepin, that's that ish
Well says here that's that S blank blank blank so I'm assuming that's that ish
There you go
As in like ish dribbled
I'm sorry but Snoop Dogg is with a lot of my eye
I shouldn't worry being able to fart out of the tux that I am
And I'm really pleased with that
The 35 year old musician from Sherman Oaks is sold over 17 million records
Which has sent you a lot about the condition of the human race
Starting a few movies has several other run-ins with a law
Earlier this month he was charged with one felony count
And knowingly possessing a deadly weapon, a collapsible baton
And we remember that story
While trying to board a plan in California authorities in Orange County said
He was convicted on a felony narcotics possession charge in 1990 for trying to sell cocaine
Try to sell cocaine
And eight months ago he and several members of his entourage were detained by police at London's Heathrow Airport
After a skirmish that let seven police officers with minor injuries
He's the bad dude that Snoop Dogg man that Calvin Brodus
Can he sing or what?
Can he rap it? Can he bring it? Can he sing it?
No, he can rap it
That's the style for shows
Yeah, he can rap with a bow on it
Bring it tough up
Show this
I better cut it off before he starts rhyming with foe
Yeah, before he starts doing another thing that you were talking about
For show
You want to play it? We're not going to go too far, okay?
A little bit like that is okay boy
And you start doing that Snoop Dogg here on EM
They can play it down to Hall of Power 96
Where now the Greg is back
Can't think?
Yeah, sure they can do whatever they want
See, I'm tempted to take some calls now but there aren't any in the board
See, this is the way it's going to be now from here on in
Monday and Tuesday last two days we got like sport a little bit
And like in a course now that we got this 85 minute delay
And as soon as I say that or back in the old days back in the day
I would say that they start lighting up right away
But now it takes for the four minute delay to catch everyone by that time
Who the hell needs it?
You know what I'm saying? They're mild down the road by that time
That's right
Halfway to Woodbine
567-0560 and pont five 60 in the Verizon and Singular
Wireless line that thing with Bill Gates and Ed Microsoft
See, Hotmail didn't used to be on that Microsoft thing
And then they put a deal on there where you like go
Well now we got a new Hotmail page and Microsoft this
And it's nifty or a needy or better
And now it's all screwed up
I see, I don't know anything about it personally
Well you're better off without it
Stick with your Yahoo, your hourbook expression
With anything
Well Outlook Express is a real email account and client
What are you trying to say?
As opposed to Webmail which is what Yahoo and Hotmail are
Yeah, you're at the mercy of the website
I'm putting out my Hotmail again now
And I know there's nothing going to be on it
No, there's nothing in my inbox
It's there, I know messages, it's empty
It's as naked as Brady Quinn
So what's his name?
Laura
With not that great, huh?
Now very average to me
Maybe he's got the good genes from the family, huh?
Maybe he's wearing the good genes
Brady Quinn
Now what's the deal? When is the
Heisman Zett Saturday?
The Heisman Trophy?
Yeah, one thing they're going to pick the Heisman Trophy winner
He's right down the road to peace
Yeah, that's what I'm saying
It's win, well why not? How is it?
Well why don't you google that while I'm doing a spot?
And Quirkym mines want to know when the Heisman is going to be selected
And I'll be sitting on the edge of my seat at the woodbine
And we'll not be watching
I could cure a lesse who wins
What was that?
Hey, it's a sports station, baby
That's what Joe Bell said
He said you better know your sports, mister, because you sure are wrong
And I said
They said hey, Joe, how about the bridge standard?
Yes
Yes, sir, yes
There he is
That's for that bitch that colder we're going to show
We want to hear the bridge standard again
Who thinks that every time?
See this is the way a lot of women are
Every time they snap their fingers
They think you're going to jump
You know, how high do I jump honey?
Honey?
Well guess what?
There are just a few people
If they snap their fingers
I would jump high for an old man
Believe me
And she ain't one of them
Yeah, there you go
Jacob might be one of them
What she ain't
Now that's the fact
You know what I'm going to do
I'm going to fold up that facts
That you sent me
Take it to your heart
I'm putting it right in my pocket
Close to my
Back to him
Yeah
Now you're looking up the high's meant trophy or what?
Josh is, yeah
Good, most of them are fine
Well see, it's not that far away
What do you give me crap?
It's a week from Saturday
You were wrong, it's not far
I was one week off
Oh, there we go again
You were wrong, yeah
To send you that check
That's for the am sure
Can you imagine I could have a good time
A woodbind would have to check
You can have a good time at woodbind with your own checks
Oh man
Is he starting to get like a little impudent now or what?
Yeah, little impudent
Mr. Hachschat dot the eye
Little ootent
Yeah, he's all right
He means well, he just doesn't know you
Hey, Bose, the company that pioneered noise-reducing headphones now offers you a choice
New quiet comfort 3 acoustic noise canceling headphones for an honor your design
Or quiet comfort 2 headphones for an around-year fit
Each offers the unnatched combination of noise reduction, audio performance and comfortable fit that you expect from Bose
Use them with your MP3 player, your DVD player laptop, even your home stereo
Ordeers now by making one easy tool free call
1-800-856-273
They make a great gift idea too
Enjoy them even more with a free MP3 player preloaded with music
That's a $50 value in your order by January 31
Use them to reduce engine noise when you fly
Use them at work at home to enjoy music just about anywhere undisturbed
Call 1-800-856-273 to tram for 30 days risk-free
Ask about low monthly payments when you call too
Ultimate Ovidli magazine says quiet comfort headphones have been the gold standard for years
So the choice is yours, QC-2 for an around-year fit or the new smaller on-year QC-3 headphones
Ordeers today by call net number 1-800-856-273
And here's the difference Bose technology makes
1-800-856-2073
The biggest name of best talents to the Vista's wheel Rogers
Sports Radio 560
You AM
We need help us truly help us stay in the White House
We need help us truly help us truly help us
Help us truly help us truly help us
Help us truly help us to stay in the White House
Well you gotta check your pass and your brother then dig chainy
And you're real you're gonna pose like Hillary
Hillary
Well Rudy your honor roll
He's gonna talk about gun control
You gotta help us truly help us sing a repubment can
He's got you help us truly help us truly help us
Help us truly help us truly help us
And G.O.P. stay in the White House
And I hope that be old party would do
They got real tourists baby
And there's none too soon
12.47 at 5.60 W.M. Happy Wednesday
Two of Mad Doggie is at 2
And then we got the power hour with Hank and the Mad Dog together
And sitting in a very small chair
Hank at the 5.5 can you envision that?
I can't even think about that
You'll think so
Then you got Hurricane Hotline with Gamework shops
That the sunset placed 7 o'clock
Who's on at the Hurricane Hotline?
I bet it's probably the Beast
Now let me ask you this
Is the Beast on those Hurricane basketball broadcast also?
No
Oh, how do you know that?
Psychic
Josh isn't there then he's out to do what I'm here
He knows that because the Beast was in this studio during the game last night
Oh the best right the Beast was in this room all our equipment was in
Well there's log onto the computer this morning
Remember I had a log on
I don't know why you're so timid to talk about that
You should like be on the air screen
I'm trying to be on the air
Yes, all right
It's because nothing's going to be done and they don't care
It does make any difference
Or at least it's something the bitch and scream and yell about
Nothing is more important than what they're doing
Oh that's right it's a ballgame
Even the cost of people doing it
And of course they do it on the air
It's on the air
It's on the air
It's on the air
It's on the air
It's on the air
It's on the air
It's on the air
It's on the air
It's on the air
It's on the air
It's on the air
Although a normal can't work like to
You have to find a balance
You have to find a balance
As opposed to having a huge big pile of all this crap
And reading and reading
Oh my god just tiring yourself
By two o'clock if you wanted to plots
At least I did anyway
Probably the audience did too
If most of them were gone by then
With 13 every 19 votes on today's body here
A poll
Shave it, trim it, wax it, squeeze it, yank it, squeeze it
Throw your real men out there
Just take a tweezers and yank out each here
One by one side by each
But that's for a real guy
You know, he's not a real wester-free to paint
A little bit of paint
It's like when you have a nose here, you know
You have a nose here and you like
Pull it all man
Sometimes I have a nose
It's like a mother
You got a yank kid baby
You got a yank kid out of there
WQA and hello
Hello
Yes sir
Yeah, I called once
He was saying that I wish that you would get gone buck wall
And you'd accuse me of being how it's cousin rich
I'm a regular Miami guy that loves you
I want you to have a good agent
You say that piece of crap normal
Normal, yeah
So please give us a little bit
It's a little bit late now sweetheart
I mean, I'm 100 years old, I'm on the way out
You still come to be great
So make yourself syndicate you
You're still your great
We could send the cake here with your real life
Okay, thanks for the kissy kissy
Thank you sir
I'm real happy you're the way it is right now
I wasn't happy yesterday or Monday
But now everything is just fine
You know, that's how it is when you become neurotic and old
And now of course I'm real happy
Because I got that fax in my pocket
Close to my heart
You see, the funny part about that is that I barely even know that person
I barely know Jacob just from the hockey games, you know
And that he was a listener and maybe came to a couple of appearances
You know what I'm saying?
As opposed to some of the other people who show up who, you know, maybe they look good
Maybe they didn't, but you know, you get to know him a little bit better or something about them
I don't know anything about him except that he's got a brother in Vegas
And he's got a bunch of pictures on there of him and his brother and some other group ball
And he's got a lot of hot chicks on his website too, dammit
But nevertheless
But it's just that certain people you become like obsessed with
You know what I'm saying about obsessed? You know what I'm saying about obsessed?
You know what I'm saying about obsessed? He was one of them
And here it is all these years later, I'm still obsessed and now he's an old man
He's like 32
But I would overlook that because he looks pretty good
Even you said yesterday he looks like he's in good shape
But I said he looks like he was a sandwich or two
Looks like maybe his brother isn't feeding him real well out there
At the buffets in Vegas or at the Ruth Chris
He needs to be fed
WQAM, hello
I see that, that's weak, you know
See I let him go because I want to see how long he can keep it up
Time for the Cialis baby
WQAM, hello
There's one of the better ones of the day
WQAM, hello
QAM
No, you ever seen Tom Brady, the Brady Quinn
And the great one now, it's the same place at the same time
Now you've got a hand at him as much as you reply as you despise them
Now that was pretty creative, wasn't it?
No
Yeah it was
Oh, now what's this fast? Maybe it's about my hot meal
No, please, even better
Please play the bridge tender, you said after the break I listened for over an hour
Then I had to go into the courthouse, I'm friends with Norm Kent
Oh, in that case, no chance and couldn't listen
See if your friends with Norm Kent know what you're pestering the crap out of me
Because that's his specialty, is being a pest
Like his last guy said before, not about being a good agent and getting me syndicated
Making me zillions of more dollars and I could be retired by now
No, not like that, anyway
It's not my fault you forgot to play it after the break
I've converted over 100 people to listen to you, I also love all the Eisner bits
See there's a hint again
P.S. I'm listening all day today in my office
I looked in the archives of the bridge center and couldn't find it
Love, number one female listener
Well, I'll take you one thing like most women, man
She is persistent, you know what?
No, now you got a hooker
Negg, that what?
You can hook her up
Tock her up with what?
Yes
Yes, sir, yes
I'm one of the talking world about the biggest...
About large and boats they could talk about earlier?
About what?
Biggest cars and boats
Now we're talking about bridges over the causeway, not the ones in your mouth
I don't have any, my friend
Okay
Yeah, calm down, sir
They can deep-pair
But if I regulate the body in the 90's and the car of the engineers, you think I can ship?
No
Well, it is, all bridges over navigable waterway
See if I knew that I wouldn't have been asking, sir
But, sir, I said if I knew the answer to the question I wouldn't have asked it in the first place
Okay, well all I'm saying, sir, is that the 90's, the car of engineers
Are the ones that regulate bridges over navigable waterways
Over what?
Navigable waterways
Yes, sir, okay
Okay, yeah
So it's up to them to decide what time the bridges should not be open to the marine traffic
Yes, and what time should they not be open to marine traffic, sir?
I'm telling you that they come up with the time...
Well, what is the time?
I believe it's at wish hour times, sir
That they are not open to marine traffic
Other than that they are open to marine traffic
So in other words, any slump with a boat can come along and back up traffic for two months
I am absolutely correct, sir
Well, what kind of a communist bunch of crappers are?
That is not a communist bunch of crappers
Sounds like some kind of re-end-a-thal-bashes, Tommy, Pinko...
You got five-per-wix in the name
Right, exactly
The boat is going to stop the 5,000 cars?
Is that it?
No, I think that 50,000 cars ought to stop for one jackass in his boat. I think that's what they ought to do
Man, you better know your laws, Mr. Because you sure don't
That's right
I just told you want the damn bridges closed to both countries and the whole country too
I want the bridges closed period, okay?
I want them closed. I want the bridge tentative to go home and watch an MTV and get the hell out of our lives
In other words, I want the bridges closed. Let them use the junior tunnel, okay?
Let them use the Maconfield carsway
I think they ought to go out to George Washington bridge and jump all the bridge tenters. How do you like that, sir?
Well, I don't know about you, but you shot like some stupid idiotic jerk
Absolutely correct, sir
Okay, there you go, lady, and get off my back
Number one female listener and friend of Norma Camp. That doesn't speak very highly for you
256, can you believe I actually played that?
I do, you would. You're an old TV
Yeah, I am. Just like that thing with Duff. You couldn't believe that I did that thing for him
That was a staggering. Yeah, but you see the thing of it is that he's the one guy that's selling this show and that actually gets copy for us
And that is making an effort out there as opposed to the rest of the sales department which I wouldn't wish on Henry Kimmer and Adolf Hitler on a bad day
Since you're in such a giving mood. No, can I take advantage of this moment to save?
To Adolf the double worshipper who sends us a lot of fine CDs all the time. Sure. All right. There you go Adolf. Happy birthday, Jacob. I mean Adolf whatever you're doing.
He'll Satan. I'm wearing a Satan shirt just in his honor today. What are when Jacob's birthday is?
I got to find out the date for that. Simonized gift. In fact, the check that I was going to send Josh next time I could probably send to Jacob.
So we had some gambling money. You could send him a fruit basket just find one big enough to fit it.
Marked down the date in the time. Okay. That was a beautiful thing.
Oh, man. It is getting really heavy duty this stuff. You know, it's good. And I'm kind of like Gidey from the soul week with these stupid asphalt.
I mean, he's great phone calls. But just like Gidey and 1337 votes. I said Gidey as opposed to Schmitty.
Not even Tuesday was kind of Schmitty. And they feel like Gidey. And if your carpets are a little bit gritty because you're grinding all kinds of schmutz down and every time everybody in the household walks on them, the answer is to call my good friends at dry concepts.
Over 21 years, I've used dry concepts in my homes. And they never let you down. They show up right on time when the appointment is. And they roll up their sleeves and they go about their fantastic job of dry cleaning your carpets. They're the only people in the world to do this.
It's an exclusive pendant method. And it sucks out even the deep down dirt and the fibers you're carpeting, which leaves your carpets looking and smelling and feeling just like brand new. They're drying a couple of hours and you're ready to rock and roll again. Nobody does a free like dry concepts. And don't forget.
They give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing their miraculous job for you guarantee if you use dry concepts, you'll never have a dirty carpet again. And now they've got a plan to make frequent cleaning easy.
It's just a fraction of the cost of regular cleaning too. So dry clean those carpets and get the whole household looking brand spanking new for the upcoming holidays and Howard called dry concepts at 9.5.4. 370.778.
And it's in a date and Palm Beach called 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071.
The biggest name of the best talent to the business will be your Roger's 4th radio 560-2-8-M.
Yeah, okay, just got the rel. And when I'm up in Boca Tiga, slapping all women with painted lips around the pole, I listen to the Neil Rogers 1-2-1.
Yeah, I mean I listen to the Neil Rogers air and balance 1-2 hours.
If you're planning a Scientology wedding reception, don't settle for ordinary entertainment, call Scientology Wedding DJs!
Ladies and gentlemen, time to hands up that delicious dinner! This one's going on to Zee-U!
Who dropped those atomic bombs? Thousand of volunteers a million earth years ago! It's a gap band! You dropped a bomb on me!
You probably should come on out of the way! Only a Scientology wedding DJ can give your special day that special Scientology touch!
Alright folks, time for the ride to throw the bouquet! So let's have all the finger-web in with an operating-peak level of Senator Hire.
I love that story right now! Come on now! You know who you are, Scientology Wedding DJs are the perfect MCs for your perfect celebration!
The controlling group is the brainwash bride! The controlling group is the brainwash bride! Hi, over there Leo! The controlling group is the brainwash bride!
Give up on the big part of the wall, everybody! I'm the cute, you know, known in history of Scientology Wedding DJs, but Scientology Wedding DJs do! Don't be climbed, call now!
102-560-WDKM, I want you to immediately leave now to send me an email at the Hotmail address. Just to see if that thing is working at all.
Because it's just something very bizarre with that going on. Because usually by now I'd have a whole bunch of crap from Northwest Airlines and this one and now. And just something going on with that thing.
I think it's a Bill Gates, I think Bill Gates' evil plot to destroy my life. Just to see if it comes through.
Here's the poll, we got 1348 votes. I think we got a real good shot at 14 today, don't you? And of course we don't care anymore, we're not going to like push it.
But if we do, that's great. And Joshua read it down on his armpit and everybody goes, hey, they got 149 votes on the... you arrived to show that's because the calls are back.
Of course we had them any votes without the calls, didn't we? Yes, yes we did.
Well, what is that prove? You know, nothing. Especially when a lot of these people are stuck with AOL and they can't vote on there anyway.
Am I right? Yeah. Who's on AOL anymore?
More ons. People with no lives. People just haven't discovered like they've old funny duties who haven't discovered it like new and different stuff.
Even kids won't go near that thing. Well thank God for them.
Guys who shave and or remove their chest hair generally are and so far gay is winning hands down your pants.
450, 425 votes. Nobody's even close. Our statistic 180. They stand all day and look at in the mirror. Oh, I ain't I beautiful, ain't I pretty.
And probably most of those guys look like crap easily manipulated by media imagery 158.
Perfectly normal 146. That's the general consensus of in the building. Perfectly normal.
Because our people all shave it. I used to be a militant hairy guy once upon a time.
Ooh, in need of attention 94, insecurity to clean 72. They're a clean machine man 72.
I hate this poll 68 only 5%. Well, what do you mean only? That's pretty high. It's bad.
And those are the guys who are shaving it for they're the ones who are needing it and twezing it.
And I wish I could think of the name of that product is like a little yeah, like a little trimmer thing.
I saw him TV the other day and I can't think of what it is. It's like a little thing.
Anyway, deranged 52 show off 46 sexy 21 and young eight out of 13 and 52 votes young only young guys do that with shave old fart.
They're gonna be shaving nobody here, especially Ron German. It's a little late for you now Ron.
You you cow. Oh man. There is long as I live. I'll never forget that day when I'll go steam.
Forced at him upon me and show this fat ass. They're right across from me and that chair in the studio.
And I had the audacity to be honest and say my god, how's a hairy fat cow like you getting all this action?
And who now would want to see you having sex for doing anything? Who the hell is salted by that?
That's what I'm getting to and he was very insane to me about it if you're you know and then he out in the hallway was like I'll bend out of shape.
I mean, does this guy have any does he have any mirrors in his house or what?
How can a big fat tummy guy that would be like me saying I'm a sex pod. You know what kind of insanity is that?
Kind of lunacy fat disgusting. Okay, so he's double-joyed. I'll give him that big deal. Right? Yeah.
We've all seen that one five six seven oh five. Don't want to see it again. It's like when Jerry Butler stuff the turkey that Thanksgiving five six seven oh five 60 and pound five six
didn't even rise in singular right this line. See now he's talking for oh stuff. God only knows where it's going to go next and it's all because of that damn
my space thing. Got him all whipped up. It's the devil. Yeah, see the devil makes you do it. The devil's in the details.
WDQ way and hello. Okay, another one of our really good ones. Just keep bringing it. Okay, we don't screen the calls and we never
will screen the calls on the show and spider what that bitch joy suggests. Okay, Joyce can rot in a hell she can burn on a spit at a barbecue somewhere WQ
way and hello. Q way in. Yeah, hello. Yeah, you guys got an email address for what? Well, I want to get a photo.
I'm not talking to a foreigner. You might get kicked out of it. No, what? You don't want to. I don't know. I don't have any idea what it was. You don't want to email from him. He didn't sound like somebody I want an email or certainly a picture from or over about or
anything like that. Let me see. Did you send me an email? Yes. On a hot mail and probably so this is a test you idiot. You will let's see the thing is percolate and windows live loading your messages and there are no messages. It's not working. Send it like four minutes ago.
What was that possible? I don't know. It's also not coming through on my blackberry. Let me um rhymes with sends up your other email. You know, you're out. That's going to come shoot what the Yahoo one. No, not the outlook express. Yeah, well, that's the real one. Everything. Everything else is
what mail you are so hung up with at them out with the express matter of sense. There's there's web mail and real email. Yeah, hot mail and Yahoo are a web mail. You have a Yahoo always comes to whenever I never ever had
another something that comes from you like I know of likewise on my Yahoo never love. It's pretty like a Yahoo like poison because almost every single time you go on to check your
email. Put in your ID and your all this other crap. It's pretty want to do that to use a real email address when you can and you can. You can do much more things with it like sending this
all over. What else has happened with hot mail that we're doing? How come all of a sudden this died? Maybe they decided to start sucking hard. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. We've arrived in
Cedar Ross on that. You lead me a straight again. I'm not going to do it. We'd be down the garden path. WQ a.m. Hello. Hello. Yes. How you doing? Yeah, pretty good. Polly. This is a brother that loves your show. All right. Yeah, pretty good show. The colors. They're still blowing. You know, and they always know. Yeah,
you've got the Pond 5 60. I mean, Verizon and Singular. I have office pools going. You know, they have orifice pools. He's got the pool in his orifice WQ a.m. Hello. Now. Yeah. Hey, nail. This is Steve. I'm a long time listener. I've been a big fan of yours for many, many years down here. Miami. I've been listening to forever. And I just wanted to say that. Obviously love the show. But the calls are okay. They're pretty. They're fun for now. Even though we know they're not going to last forever. But what is that? What do you mean by that?
They're not going to last forever. What does that mean? Well, I don't know. Can I have a feeling that you get so many lame phone calls? Probably mind included that. You know, you just going to get sick of it. And we'll just go back to the way things were.
Net a crap. Yeah. But I have a big fan. I was wondering if I could make a shameless request. Yeah. Could you either play hack the wife or if you could play strange things in my box?
Yeah. Well, you must be dreaming, man. We'll give you a number to Joyce. Mainly that.
Skip out the top. That's a pop up. That's a pop up. That's a pop up. That's a pop up.
See how easy you're right. Oh, just since the sun.
Not.
Well, the hero loved by millions across the land. And we're too busy. Here's a wife now. She was hanging with another man.
The juice went home now for a night. She mask and a pair of gloves and back. He went.
She was. Her friend the waiter and giving more than 15% with juice.
Couldn't take it. Start a slice and end. I don't you know what's that before. Before they fell.
She made a touchdown in. Oh, she can't go. It's acting. I'll be.
I'll be. But the L. A. G. A. Well, he flagged. Oh, Jay.
Fire.
We're the night. That's the prison yard.
Patter. He said we're conviction. That's what you get when you.
Hacked away. I don't hear it.
He said we're going to get away.
We're going to get away.
We're going to get away.
We're going to get away.
We're going to get away.
We're going to get away.
We're going to get away.
We're going to get away.
Yes, man.
How come time made old Jason Black?
Huh!
The biggest name of best talent for this is
Beer Rogers, Force Radio 560, Sho-A-M.
Does G Gordon Lee and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers?
Oh, Jay, Fox is not going to show your film if I did it.
What did they say when they broke the news to you?
But what are you doing? You can't do this.
You've got some other projects here that you'd like our network to look at.
Alright, that's it. Look, man.
Oh, Jay Simpson, if I didn't do it.
It's the same film. You just changed one word in the title.
I know what that is.
Alright, let's see this one.
The making of Oh Jay Simpson, if I didn't do it.
No, that's even worse.
Alright, the last one here. Look.
Oh, Jay Simpson, if I did it, the musical.
A hypothetical reenactment on ice.
No, that's ridiculous.
Okay, 17 at 560 WQM.
I'm having real issues with this hot mail.
I think Bill Gates needs to be taken out for a walk.
Alright.
I got a lead.
I tried to send myself an email from my Yahoo.
Okay. And it wouldn't go through to that address.
Oh, I'd say that.
And then, then, then, and anywhere.
So here's a, a fact from our painting, the asses,
a normal Kent's girlfriend there, a female listener.
Thank you and in Georgia, my life is now complete.
And then she says, play.
I have no idea.
Like orchestrating the whole show now.
She must know what you are.
She's like a conductor.
Yeah, she's conducting it.
Okay, leave us alone already, honey.
Okay, and go find a life.
We're new, please.
I have no life.
Now, somebody faxed this in.
Just when it seemed Michael Richards was about to leave
the most troubling incident of his career behind.
His publicist is having to explain how the comic could consider himself
to be Jewish.
This is new to me, but we all always thought he was.
Well, Richards wasn't born Jewish, but Sanny
has considered himself Jewish over the years.
All right.
Technically, he isn't unless he attends classes
and formally converts.
Last week, Crisis Management Expert Howard Rubenstein,
acknowledged that Richards had shouted antisemitic remarks
in an April stand-up comedy routine, well before his appearance
earlier this month, at which he ran hexa-hectors
with a racial tirade using the N word.
All the Rubenstein acknowledged that Richards made the comments.
He said that the comedian is Jewish and wasn't antisemitic at all,
but was role-playing instead.
But leaning rabbis note that the man who played
Cosmo Cramer on Seinfeld hasn't converted to Judaism
and neither of his parents are Jewish.
Sounds like a goi to me.
Faced with a new information, Rubenstein now said he asked Richards
and the man, he asked Richards and the comedian thinks of himself
as Jewish and has been talking with psychiatrist.
That sentence doesn't make any sense, but they need to do his Michael Richards.
The founder and the dean of the Simon Beesenthal Center
and Law Sandler's Rabbi Marvin Hire said,
you can't feel Jewish and you can't become Jewish without converting to Jewish.
He feels Jewish. He's not, but he feels close enough, right?
Like the B said, I feel human even though I'm not or whatever that was.
Like Robert Creeper said, I feel like a guy even though, however that goes.
No one I'm saying?
I understand.
Like Clarence said, I feel like a program director, even though I'm a putz.
1391 votes.
Overgun 81.
We're going to do 14 easy today and then we'll be on fat-spreed, baby.
We'll be doing it.
56670560.
Tom 560.
What about that hot mail thing?
How do you think what are we going to do about that?
I think tomorrow morning I'll walk you through how to put a real email account
into your phone and then you can, uh, joyscan that hot mail.
Into my blackberry?
Yes.
How do you do that?
We do it tomorrow morning.
We go through it together.
Take you gently by the hand and I'll be gentle.
Well, what the hell do you know about it?
You know nothing about the, uh, the blackberry?
No, I don't, but you do.
Oh, I do do?
Yes.
I will if hot mail market's straight now here for the damn quirk.
That's, it's like, uh, way back when, months ago, when Joe Bell was sending me emails and I wasn't getting them.
And I think vice versa to whatever, you know, it's hot mail against piece of crap.
WQA and hello.
Nice talking to you.
WQA and hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Um, just one thing I was in your part of town.
I had, uh, when I'm vacation, one over there, Toronto, nice place.
Stayed right there on Young Street and, uh, you know, I got a good view of the city.
I went over to the pub, you casino, nice area.
You've been there before?
Many times.
Many times?
Yup.
And do you live, I mean, that's not exactly, but you live in the downtown area and the suburbs?
Uh, somewhere, yeah.
Somewhere, okay.
Uh, what, what other address?
No.
In my phone number, my shoe size.
Oh, I was just curious.
I was just curious.
I'm going to be able to do what?
What's the other night was listening to Curtis and they had many more trips live from the
heat games.
Man, that was terrible.
You know, that guy came out.
Oh, my.
New frequent went to program.
Wow.
That guy can't talk worth of anything.
All right, so bad news, pal.
Okay, I'll see you back in the center.
Okay, I'll be eating.
Eatin.
Wow.
Yeah, where do I live?
Like, uh, around, around and about.
What are you laughing about?
Oh.
Listen, we got all these stalkers.
I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I know.
I know many stalkers, okay?
I mean, if Jacob wants my address and phone number, I'll be glad to give it to him.
I'll be more than happy to see.
Looks like he could use a meal of Ruth Chris.
Take him off for a nice feeding.
Catch up on old times.
1384 votes on a poll.
We got 14.
Like, we don't even have to look at it.
You know what I'm saying?
We got a licked.
Sometimes when you have a licked, WQYM.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Talk about Ron Jeremy.
Yeah.
I was down at Fantasy Fest this year and coming out in the morning with my buddy.
And there's Ron Jeremy coming around the corner right at us.
Oh, so much.
I know.
My buddy goes, he goes, he goes, he had one of those portable cameras.
He goes, hey, Ron, can I get a picture?
And Ron's like, yeah.
So my buddy goes out, puts his arm on his shoulder, I take the picture.
And I'm like, dude, that was so gross, you touched that guy.
And he looked horrible.
Absolutely.
Yeah, he does look horrible.
He's found us here in his disgusting and grotesque.
Yeah.
It was just pretty funny, though, running into him down there and staying up at days in.
Like, ah.
Maybe he was roaming without Goldstein again, could be.
Maybe there was, like, sure in a double bed, an extra wide.
1384, whatever happened with Al, we're going to ever track him down or not.
Hopefully not.
Although I wish him all the best.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
I mean, I don't wish him any ill.
I don't dislike Al.
I have no personal problem.
I mean, he created a problem for the station that time when you put him on the air.
When you invite him, he keeps saying.
Because you get aggravated every time I say it.
Because you're easy.
They keep repeating it.
Don't you understand?
I really don't find him any.
And then he invites himself in.
And they still repeat it.
And Greg still repeats it.
Who repeats that?
What?
That it was me.
They still wanted to blame me for putting him in the air.
What I'm going to hate you.
The devil's over there.
Never put him in the air.
What it was, man.
They're going to hate you and try to throw you under the bus every change of the year.
No, you don't need to get them material.
Okay.
George didn't invite him in.
I invited him in.
Not.
In fact, don't you remember all the times Al used to call on a bat line?
Hello.
Darling.
I know that both of them are the first ones.
Well, thank God for that.
I remember that first time when we were still downstairs on the second floor when he came in with a huge family size box of cereal.
I was eating cereal out of the box by the handful.
Remember that?
Oh, yeah.
It was one of those family size.
You know, like for a family of ten, one of those gigantic, like you used to give, what was the grocery that extra?
Extra.
They used to have like the extra large size of everything.
And then you'd bag your own, you'd sack it, bag it.
Wow.
I wonder how Jack Bag and Junior's doing at the middlelands, by the way.
Speaking of marginal drivers.
1388 boats on the pool, man.
Hair or no hair or a shavenet or a tweezin' it.
So we ran into Ron Jeremy, huh?
Wouldn't you write that down in your diary?
That's like the guy who was up in the Toronto area and was over at the Fallsview.
Heck, I was amusing.
Here's my address, pal.
Okay, it's somewhere like in a place.
In a place with lots of space and my space.
So what are we going to do about that hot meal thing?
I don't want that bothering you.
It's just across my hands, you know.
Discard it.
Get rid of it.
Get rid of it.
Get rid of it.
But then I got to change that thing on my blackberry.
We'll figure it out.
Okay, we'll work out at tomorrow before the show.
We'll come in extra early like about four in the morning.
You will anyway.
Yeah.
25 past one at 560 WQM.
Nothing is worse this time in the year than driving to the mall and fighting all those crazed shoppers, man.
Skip all the holiday shopping mayhem this year.
If you need a new mattress, just make that one easy call.
1-800-Matrus.
It's Dalmatrus's 30th birthday.
About 30, man.
And a celebrate Dalmatrus and Simmons are offering you the lowest price of the year on the best selling Simmons Beauty Rest Pillow Top.
It's like they bring the whole damn store right to you.
Just call 1-800-Matrus and get yourself factory direct prices and award-winning service with no nonsense like I've been doing for years.
Buy many a time.
Call by game time.
You know, Mattress will be delivered by the post game show.
With Dalmatrus, just choose the date and time for your delivery when you want seven days a week from eight in the morning till 10 at night, pick it to our window.
Even the same day that you call.
And Dalmatrus delivers on time.
One of the many reasons why Dalmatrus continues to be ranked number one in the world in customer satisfaction.
And why virtually everybody at QM uses Dalmatrus when they old Macfrisks had it.
I think I've had it.
On the web, it's macfris.com or make that one easy call 1-800-Matrus.
1-800-MATTRES.
Leave off the last one as because it stands for sensational savings and for sale.
The biggest name of best talent in the business, Neil Rogers, 420560.
You A-M.
But I have a heart or a liver?
Do you Tom Cruise take this former party of five cast member to have into home?
Actually, I was on Dawson's Creek.
Whatever.
This whole wedding is just an exercise and shameless self-promotion anyway.
I do.
And do you, Kenny Holmes, take this closeted action star to be your lovely wedding husband
Till irreconcilable differences do you park?
At this point, do I really have a choice?
Then by the power vested in me by El Ron Howard, I now pronounce you Fake Man and Wife.
You may now pretend to kiss the bride.
So the business is both my test messages came through and my heart made a hoodie like that.
I'm going to have to sleep on it.
No, wow, wow, wow.
It didn't even look like they were going through it.
That was the Yahoo being all screwed up.
It's just one of those deals, you know.
It's just my punishment for being an old Fag.
As opposed to a young Fag.
13, every 95 votes on the poll.
Oh, there's the Pope.
I wonder if the Pope is shaving it.
If the first guard had to shave, you know they have to trim air.
I hear air.
Oh, you better believe it.
The fishups take tweezers to them.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Five say I was just envisioning Sunday.
Five six seven oh five six.
You let's get a bunch of calls in here.
It's last half hour.
Although, Moui and Portante, a couple of stories here speaking to the Pope.
All of this one first.
Chuban Lita Fidau Castro yesterday missed the opening event of his 80th birthday celebration.
Instead sending a note to a large gathering of supporters in Havana.
That he was in no condition according to doctors to face such a colossal gathering.
He be ill and in a brief written statement read aloud to an audience of hundreds of
guests at the Karl Marx theater.
Castro said he faced the Dalima.
Only the man of theater could fit all the invited guests.
And doctors said he couldn't be around so many people.
I opted for the variant of speaking to all using this means of the statement.
I thought about glory and honor is expressed by Jose Marti as well known when he said that
all glory and honor fit inside a grain of corn.
Whole.
Castro is not also said the US leadership has created a crisis of such magnitude that the American people themselves will
almost surely not allow President Bush to finish his term.
He went on to say that he had sent a letter to the men of the way to President Hugo Chavez congratulating him on his efforts to
save energy by ducting a Cuban program of issuing power saving light bulbs.
We have a duty to save our species, Castro said.
Croc already would you please you old turd croc already, which I'm sure there are some people thinking about me, but that's too bad.
And speaking of old toads who made croc, how about the Pope?
What does he have about 110?
At least.
Pope Benedict XVI held a mass today in one of the holiest Christian places in Turkey as part of efforts to reach out to the Roman Catholic minority in the mostly Muslim country.
And they all the turks got together and they said, hope you're in dread.
Whatever that means.
The Pond of Conduct of the Overnight in Turkish, you know.
And what if he went to a Turkish bath while he was there, the Pope?
They wanted to.
Yeah, he probably went to some baths.
The Pond of Conduct of the Overnight, and I said to the ruins of a house where the Virgin Mary is thought to have spent her last years as Oye Vazmir, a house where the Virgin Mary is thought to have spent her life.
And she probably is showing up on Toteenis pizza and on grilled cheese sandwiches.
Security forces at Sylvoth, the arena, only 250 invited guests attended, making it one of the smallest crowds to attend a people mass.
The Vatican said the site could accommodate up to 2,000 people.
Oh, look at that.
Some Turkish wives accused of shaming their husband maybe killed.
I'll see you in right now.
How did she shame him?
Adult to read?
By walking outside looking like that.
The Vatican said the site could accommodate up to 2,000 people.
Many of those attending held small Turkish and Vatican flags.
In bright sunshine, the Pope stood on a dice under a white flower covered canopy.
A pair of military helicopter, hovered low over the crowd as the Pope arrived, and registered guests went through three separate metal detectors before reaching these sacred sites.
All the guest keys, all the time.
A military policeman said security details weren't given out to officers until last minute, apparently to keep the Pope's exact route secret.
Well, what we do for him.
I didn't know that.
Well, these are honor killings in Turkey.
Secure them.
She's got their smatha over her face.
They are ready to go.
I pushed around, abused by everyone.
I told my family, but they said, you chose it.
It's your pride.
Thank God that the women of the world have been treated so well by the religionists all through the ages.
And a beautiful thing.
You guys still can't begin to tell you how many women in this building and my building and which I spend most of the year.
I have the Berkha and the Jerkha and the Holy God.
It's just, you know, and they reproduce like rabbits.
They walk hearing around like 10-12 kids.
Yeah.
Wow.
Although some might.
1400 votes on a poll.
Remember the days of 1400 on the dial.
W-D-F-T-L, the light bulb.
Remember those days.
The normal Kent show, the jazz Kaufman show, the Mr. Ego show, the Craig Worling show.
Oh boy.
And the Mark Shai-Bom show.
Remember the guy called yesterday and said when I was reading the bedtime story,
is it reminded him of Mark Shai-Bom, which I do have.
W-Y-O-D, your Pitch-A-Cottos station presents the Mark Shai-Bom show.
But it's much too long and much too ponderous.
And nobody has any idea who that is anyway.
Oh, can you play Phil Henry, Negro buffet.
Oh, you can eat Negro.
The Baxter charges 695 a month to hear his bits.
How do you like that?
Says some of facts here.
Somebody, and it's got a swivel on the bottom.
It's like Greg Reed-Squiggle.
I think this is from Greg.
You know what I'm saying?
Remember who used to sign the text with that swivel?
It's meant that the text would clear the bank.
It was like a little sign that it was okay to release the paychecks.
How come with these guys, now that we got Joe Bell in there,
which I will say this for him, I get paid like they are too early every payday.
How come they can cover the text now with him in there?
Maybe because the billing is way up.
And because we got, I was going to say, we all sales people.
But I got to stop myself right at that point.
Because that would be getting carried away.
The light bulb, well I'm man, old man.
Just during the last out of an indicator,
so just stop and think about how the radio landscape has changed.
Wow.
We've gone from she to, she, I, to the planet to, what, Uranus.
I mean, from all of this other crap, you know.
And of course, like Ricky Tiki-Shaw said, he got into the right time,
and he's getting out of the right time.
That's why I'm taking my retirement pool tomorrow.
Don't forget to change that pool.
I won't.
And of course, like always, whatever they say, that's fine.
You know, gives them a voice and a chance to express an opinion.
And I'll do whatever they want anyway, which is you only wait until you live your life.
Do what you want. Enjoy life, baby.
Because once you're in a box, so that's it.
Oh, and that, that thing that DVD that you sent with that package this week.
Yeah, the one that they were.
They were a bunch of them, but that one about who killed John O'Neill.
Okay.
I mean, you haven't watched that thing?
It's like, it's like fear for crazy people screaming at each other.
And there's a lot of interesting information in there about, you know, the,
I don't think I got my own copy of that.
Well, believe me, someday when you really, really have been smoking like the Harold,
I mean, just when you just stood off your ass like tomorrow,
watch a little bit of that.
And you won't last very long.
In fact, you know what movie reminds me of?
What was the movie about where the guy put the drill through his head in the end,
which I do want to spoil with for everybody, so they won't waste their time watching it.
The ball hit a guy.
Pie.
Pie. That's it. Pie.
Pinky pie, apple pie, and whatever other kind of pie.
You don't want to watch the pie.
Stop a pie.
Because the guy puts the drill through his head at the end of the movie.
And I don't blame him.
I wish he would done it right in the beginning.
Remember the orthodox year in there with Huffington and Chanuk through the whole of Tennessee?
With the numbers and the Hebrew character.
All the mysterious numbers and the issue of the guy.
And if you discover the name of God, that's his phone number.
Yeah. So you just dig all of them.
Now, who would they make it all the way to the movie?
What was the other movie he made, recloom for a dream?
Absolutely.
How could a guy make one movie so great and then such a piece of turd like that, you know?
Oh, that would be like saying, how do Woody Allen make all that crap on a jappy garbage?
And then why not make him a match point, right?
He's made other good movies before.
Such as...
What?
Bananas?
Annie Hall?
Chicointa Banana?
Purple Rosa Cairo?
Really?
Yeah. They were all right.
Didn't see Annie even probably because he was in them.
No, he was not in Purple Rosa Cairo.
Oh, thank God.
He's not in match point.
You're lucky to have a lot.
Take our word for it.
Go buy it, steal it, rent it.
Am I right? There's something for everybody and that moves your match point.
And it's got a great ending.
Yes, it does.
It's a good ending.
Scarlett doesn't get naked enough, but she never does.
Hey, listen, but you can use your imagination just like you do.
I do. I'm sitting here looking at those pictures of Jacob.
You know, there are some people you meet in life and they're just...
I don't know what it is.
They leave an impression and you would never forgive them.
Then there are other people you meet in life who you try to forgive them like two minutes after they walk away.
You know what I'm saying?
Yes.
That's just the way it is.
Like that.
22 before 2, I've found...
I'm gonna have to get that out and watch it again.
What did that happen to Jira Lido?
I asked you that a couple weeks ago.
What did he mean?
I answered you, but you forgot the answer.
I know he's banned.
And you're the one who was banned, who was as a matter of fact,
the day that you asked me that question,
they were gonna be in talent at revolution the very next day.
Now, is Jira in one of the boys in the band?
He's the Lido singer.
I know it.
I mean, it just keeps moving along.
They get a joke, man.
And...
And you missed it.
And...
And nothing.
But he isn't making any more movies.
And what about Jennifer Conn?
I've been told it.
How come we don't see her no more?
I asked the answer.
She's into the movie right now that's being advertised.
Which is?
I don't know.
Oh, man.
When you could Google it during the break,
Google Jennifer Conn.
Okay.
And see if she's still asked to ask.
Just ask a few people, maybe they know.
And what's the movie I'm supposed to see cocaine covoys?
That's what they said.
It's a documentary.
Well, somebody will probably send me a copy of that.
And I sure hope it's better than who killed John O'Neill.
I'll send you a copy.
If you watch it by five minutes today, you'll know what I'm gonna do.
I don't have a copy of that.
It's like crazy people.
You what?
That was one of the ones for you.
She sent some movies for me and some movies for you.
Oh, brother.
Who is this she?
That must be the one that wanted to hear Bridgestender.
God bless her.
I don't remember her name.
Oh, thank God.
Experience the difference at Mercedes-Benz of Pombo
during their winter event going on right now.
The all new 2007 Mercedes-Benz CL550 has just arrived.
And joins the 2007 S550 to create an unprecedented driving experience.
During the Mercedes-Benz of Pombo, winter event enjoy lease and finance
specials on C, E, ML and our class vehicles plus the motor transport utility vehicle
of the year, the GL450.
Mercedes-Benz of Pombo has got over 200 employees working their brains off,
dedicated to providing you in comparable service, offering you with convenient service hours,
courtesy vehicles, and complimentary car washes, provided customers,
they even offered dealer miles to their service customers too.
Rise their end-to-respo with over 150 new and pre-owned vehicles
or click on their website, benspombo.com.
That's B-E-N-Z, benspombo.com.
Experience the difference during the winter event it's going on right now.
And Mercedes-Benz of Pombo and your fundament i95 and Copens wrote,
you can call them toll free from anywhere, 1-800-New Bens, A-E-W-B-E-N-Z.
1-800-New Bens for Mercedes-Benz of Pombo and your family,
a joyous holiday season.
The biggest name, the best talent to do this is Rio Rogers,
4th radio 560-U-A-M.
Do you call this big market radio?
And the side walk melts when you walk down the street
cause you've got funky smelly stinky feet.
145-560-U-A-M.
So PR Ralph, who's just out of control, says,
by the way, this other crap about Don Chicio,
by the way, when are we going to Vegas and where do I call?
We're not PR Ralph.
He says, good you're taking call, sorry I will not call.
And that's good too, don't be sorry, we're stentic, are we?
Yeah, whatever.
He's your buddy PR Ralph.
All are you not too fond of those weekends, but never do I.
I'll make it exception in this case, aren't he?
Love, guy.
You're not going to Vegas, although neither you mentioned it,
that's a hell of a good idea for me.
I'm one of my vacation weeks, you want to Vegas.
Got to know, so I might run into out there.
Or might invite me to come out and stay there.
That's right.
At a distance.
Or at least have a little buffet lunch.
Yeah, buy some of these some dinners.
Well, I'm used to that.
I'd rather buy him dinner than a rumor.
1419 votes on the pool, guys who shave and or remove their chest here,
waxing it, yanking it, whatever they're doing.
R, gay.
446, say, gay.
How do you like that?
In another word, Jew fairy.
Narcissistic, 190.
Easily manipulated by media imagery, 163.
So that is such a crock that, you know,
I just love the way that reads.
Easily manipulated by media imagery, 163.
How about just lung kids would do I think, huh?
Well, anyway.
Perfectly normal, 149.
Well, it's wrong with a perfect normal lung kid.
Well, there's Anderson's pooper by the way, speaking of that.
You need to be tension 100.
Insecure 88.
They're clean.
80.
They're clean machine line smooth like the Asians.
Hmm.
Uh, clean 80.
I hate this pool 72.
Still 5%.
They just hate.
They're deranged 52.
Show off 48.
Sexy 23 and young 8.
Well, summer, sexy and summer, not.
You know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
Just cause some of these shaves their body here doesn't make me.
I mean, what's underneath could be like Randy West, for example.
That's right.
It's not a good idea because the hair covers up a lot of, you know.
Yeah, a lot of, a lot of nasty right underneath.
But you talk about ugly guys who made it big and made a lot of money.
I guess he did.
Ron.
Randy West.
Oh, yeah.
I guess they made it enough.
I'm sure he made some serious bucks, Randy West.
Now, what's that under?
Randy.
It's under Randy.
As in.
Oh, sorry.
Ron Randy.
I know what is not.
It's not a real.
Is it under R?
Maybe it's under West.
Like Joe West, the Empire.
Or go West, John Wayne.
I can't find it.
And you know what's not important anyway.
This crowd wouldn't remember Randy West.
Although this crowd, like I said, probably would because they're all bunch of perverts.
Really?
They've seen all that for now.
God.
There you go.
Now what's that under?
NG-Randy West.
But I thought we had more than that.
I thought we had more than that.
By his way.
But we got more than that.
We got to over here the, uh, what's his name's message?
Peter North's message.
What's that under?
This kills him good time.
Always.
There's our Kelly and Irish.
Uh, don't cut it.
Huh?
How do you like that?
I'm looking under West.
Don't tell me it just vanished and disappeared.
Hey, Neil, this is Randy West.
Okay, what's that under?
If you can't tell the difference between me and Ron Jeremy, you should try girls.
What's that under?
R West.
No, uh, oh, there it is.
Hey, Neil, this is Randy West.
And if you can't tell the difference between me and Ron Jeremy, you should try girls.
Oh, yeah, I just heard that.
Sounds like an echo.
That's good.
I can't tell you.
You should try girls.
No, no, thanks.
No, Paso.
It's soft.
Yeah, so am I.
I guess it leaves me out.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the paper.
And sing it a wireless line.
Sing it every goes again for the umpteen time, leading me down the path of destruction.
Uh-huh.
It's pills you could take you to these days.
I don't need them.
Believe me.
So I heard.
I'm doing just fine.
I have no complaints, okay?
I'm doing just fine for an old toad like me.
You'd be shell shot.
You'd be amazed.
So with certain other people, of course, are obsessed with my sex life and just neurotic
of all.
Carry a notebook around.
I don't want to mention their names, but I have no life.
WQA, I'm hello.
Neil?
Yes, ma'am.
Hello.
Neil Rodgers?
Yes, ma'am.
What can I do?
What can we do, ma'am?
We got a fucking change of shit, man.
Now, that was really good one, didn't it?
That was good to get on.
Mm-hmm.
Like I said, I'll stick with guys.
1428 votes on the pool.
I guess that she thought if, you know, she said it real quick like a...
Oh, they're all geniuses.
They're all the right club work, man.
They even got that the way it's done for hours, planning, man.
That was very good.
And if you talk really fast, then you're...
Yeah, of course you're...
Well, we only got 75 dump-uns here, okay?
Bitch.
I guess there's only one thing to say about her and women like that.
You bitch, you squat, you whore.
But nevertheless.
5670560, pound 560 and the Verizon Singular wireless line.
See, now that we have the phones open again, it's like playtime for Bonzo, you know,
and all these people that didn't have anything to do before, now they got like a hobby.
Again.
Right.
WDQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Hotmail's been down for the last couple of days, in and out.
I've been having trouble with it, too.
But what I want to tell you was...
No, it is not.
No, it is not out.
What, oh, Hotmail is out?
Yes.
Hotmail hasn't been working.
So, otherwise it's not just me.
No, it's not just you.
Well, what kind of app is that?
I don't get it.
Get yourself a Gmail account.
Gmail.
It's the best.
Yeah, okay.
You're right.
No, I have a Gmail account, but it's still wetmail.
I have a Gmail account, but it's still wetmail.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, eight.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, eight.
Hot, five, six, eight.
And the Verizon Singular wireless line.
What you missed was the guy said Hotmail starts to spin in and out.
And I'm sure that's not the only thing.
WDQ way, I'm hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
Great.
Everything's okay.
Everything is great.
Everything is hunky-dory.
Hey, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, you don't like coaches.
Like, they're a car or a restaurant, they're a car.
They don't like coaches.
I love Bill Bollochuk, because he's a great coach.
That's why.
Because Bill Bollochuk is a jackass.
You don't see Bill Bollochuk on the sideline
with that jaw jutting out like,
I'm a pissed off.
Like a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a... a...
I'll wait a fight, I'll wait a fight, I'll wait a fight, I'll wait a fight, I'll wait a fight, I'll wait a fight, I'll wait a fight. Thirty-one forty-one forty-one forty-one forty-one forty-one forty-one forty-one forty-one forty-one forty-one forty-one forty-one forty time vitamin and defense of duty and
vitamin and magnesium melistry bacteria bacteria bacteria bacteria bacteria bacteria bacteria bacteria bacteria bacteria bacteria bacteria bacteria bacteria bacteria bacteria bacteria bacteria bacteria bacteria bacteria bacteria bacteria bacteria bacteria bacteria bacteria bacteria bacteria Gen Fermi preheated
And now we have the sure enough cs interventionase
to save all people themselves
now it's time for your...?
A video out of the social network
And fly six o' WQA
Let's abuse some more prisoners
Make them scream nice and loud
Get me some wires and a battery pack
I don't care if they hate from my rack to be used
Use use to the torture
Cause they're just playing their game
In the past it had to be worse with Saddam
Who say?
Cramer stand up back when bad
The plot is mind that it was sad
Actin' like a turd kept screaming me and words
The crowd flipped him the bird
Acting jobs he cannot find
That is why he lost his mind
But he went his eyes attacking the black eyes
That's how a career dies
This is not just prison
There's no way to win just as Bill gets fit
For his on stage spin he'll have a run in
When Elchart did
When completely on this street
Out at the left back the rea
He had a bad day and I heard someone say
He's in the KKK
I apologize the letterman
But he joins the list of men
Who showed up in spring just like Jimmy the Great
Oh!
He's the new song the way
Oh right, right, right
