Heels up next, thanks for listening.
The music express of the media programs are very powerful.
And you know the stuff those of the busy bass group, it's fast, advertised.
At a boy, Geldi, kiss the mass baby.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh God.
I have a dream.
A dream that one day, this will be a failing reality show called survival.
And a sale this show, they shall take little white children and little black children and little Asian children and little Hispanic children and say,
they'd grow eight pounds from one another and have a dream.
I have a dream that these children will one day live on an island where they will not be judged by the color of their skin,
but by the ability to eat a don beetle with a vomiting I have a dream.
And when this happens, blacks and whites, Hispanics and Asians will join hands and sing in the words of Jeff Post.
The tribe has spoken, the tribe has spoken.
The tribe has spoken.
The best way to show that you're not violent and that there are four crabs is to go out and kill some people.
That's it. Right? See how wrong you are?
If some silly old goose in a dress gets up there and starts making quotations about killing you by the sword and all this other crab.
Then just go out and prove that he's wrong.
Kill some people. That's right.
Blow up a bunch of churches. Maybe a nun.
She was forgiving her soldiers. By the way, she died. Did you read that?
No, I didn't.
She said, oh, we understand why you people have to kill some people, right?
See this is, it's all sick, man. It's all hate. It's all hate. And by the way, we got 984 votes on the pool.
All right. I'll go.
Our goal is a thousand during the show. Then I'm going back to bed. I guess because you put that S word on there.
Man, there is nothing worse than, oh, I won't say nothing worse. There are a lot of worse things.
But when you have that 24 hour flu, I guess the other thing worse than that is like a two week flu.
Yeah.
The bigger your way, and you never know. And your head feels like it's so achy that it feels like achy breaky.
If you just move it a little bit, it's going to explode. And you have the chills and the fever.
Oh, now what's 101? I mean, 98.6. I know it's normal, but it's 101.
It's not good.
Not good. Well, that's what I had on whatever day it was yesterday, two nights ago, or the night before.
And then I just laid out yesterday. So that's where it goes. I want to apologize by the way to Joel Feinberg.
I know you find that very strange. No, really. You know where I'm going today. I'll say, do.
I'm going to say that not just to him, but to anybody else in this business that I've ever criticized in South Florida.
I've said this before. And at 0997, we'll make that thousand before when I refresh it the next time I have 1000 votes.
I don't like to bed. All right. Oh, the idea that anybody on this station would criticize any other radio station.
Forget about South Florida in the world. It's so ludicrous, so laughable.
It's just pathetic. We are schlock. You know, if they would allow that many call letters WSHLOCKCK or just this, I don't know, radio schlock.
We got to have a big billboard campaign, although Donna Shalala probably be pissed off about it. She don't like them balls.
Well, you know, bull likes don't like balls. Oh, sorry, Donna. But anyway, I saw her on TV. Did they have Donna Shalala?
I said to myself, that's that bitch from you, Emma. Don't forget. Well, by the way, speaking to you, a nice job on Saturday.
All right. That must be why they're all depressed, huh? Must be. Are we cursed down here? First the hurry canes and then the dolphins just stink the joy now.
Stink that joint out against the bills. Oh my god. We're cursed.
Nine. What? I think we're cursed at QIM because we have a new regime, man. These people, and it's not enough to make you pissed off and have to go out and kill some people.
That's right. You tell them all. I was in five ways. Thousands and five votes in the phone is ringing all kinds of stuff going on.
This new regime we got, they wouldn't know a radio if you stuck a jagged. Remember the you seen pictures of you. We had a Philco, like a four, four model, a Philco big white thing.
Like a piece of furniture. Right. You could stick one of those up there collective ass. They still wouldn't know anything about radio. It's just amazing to me.
Like I said, these people make me want to go and kill some people, even though I don't care like you said. I mean, they don't care. It's obvious. Why the hell can we care?
We just don't care. And this sales guy, you know, his concept, it's like showing it's a numbers. Let's just splatter a bunch of crap on the log.
Man, let's throw 7,000 spots in dollar. How are anybody want to buy a spot for a dollar? 50 cent. What about that? How about 30 cent?
Anybody want to buy some spots? I'm going to tell this story because it just, even though it's a personal thing in the audience doesn't really care about this.
But after all the complaining and bitching and moaning, and rightfully so for all these years, over going to actually go on and hire a copy person. Now do they really have such a person who is actually the other one that they like?
I let him. Him. Him. So there's a guy in that building who's supposed to be writing copy. You know something? I made this come in there one of these days and kill some people.
That's right, including starting with him. Whoever that is. We could go take a picture.
I got a piece of copy here for an account that's been out with me for about 75 years, which believe me we have very few accounts left thanks to this current regime. But anyway, and what they did is they took in fact it's still got Troy Stratford's name on there who hasn't been selling for us for weeks now.
And they did is they took a copy that was May 1st of this year and they crossed out the date. They magic marker down. They wrote on their 915 and giving exactly the same piece of turd.
Obviously that's not something that copywriter guy did. No, well of course we can't tell you who did it and because we don't know who there's nobody's name on here.
Actually is responsible for this piece of turd like I said. It's just it's got nothing to do with business man.
These people don't want to do business. They want to do monkey business. I get an email yesterday from Joe Bell about oh miss you on the year today and sure hope this find you feeling better.
You know that's all well and good but rather than massaging in this schmoozing I'd much rather haven't get something done you know.
Like you come in here this morning and we didn't have any ballgame. I said we had a Marlon game but there was like no other official.
This was yesterday. This was over the weekend. Oh after the weekend of course.
Well you got to understand we had Marlon's games. We had the Hurricanes game and we had the Dolphin the real pregame and the real postgame and the real four play and a real.
Big jar of Vaseline the like right. I'm sure that you know how much I go or no appearance in the clearance in the Reaper were like on all fours when you came in.
They used all my paper towel that they at least could have. They are vastly in there. Why are they using a paper towel or the used ones in the garbage would you please.
Yeah looks like somebody rat wants to say it. Yeah.
2017 votes I'm going back to bed. Especially after parents coming in. Do not come in there again.
Dumbbell I keep telling you please do not come in there all you do is get me aggravated. I just hear his voice and I do get so agitated.
But I you're doing a hell of a job Joe you and your partner and crime there in a Chris from sales that Yahoo he brought in there to handle the sale.
There see what they did is they goose the building up guy. I have no idea why because they splatted a whole bunch of you know 15s and 30s and 80 billion newton sound log.
And we're supposed to say hey heck of a job guys you made budget well I guess what it's all about.
Yeah we don't care about like pretending to be a radio station we don't even have a license on how can we.
Anyway I want to spend more than two to three hours on it. Who the hell is James Franco.
All but of e-mail you some pictures. No that that's so sounds so uh...
Yeah.
Yeah.
Go ahead.
All right I will.
Now he looks like my kind of guy you know.
I'm sure he doesn't think so but he looks like he was on CNN this morning for this year.
What's the movie you know.
You know what's the movie he's in.
Fly boys.
Fly boys.
Oh that sounds like my kind of people.
That's what you said.
Yeah.
Anyway James Franco he looks like he could play a my Lee in my team.
At any rate the Patriots won but that's say you know they always tell you they have difficulty closing the deal.
They always tell you know play great for a long time.
Even games when they're like crushing the competes they like to let them back in from a little excitement factor.
Just for aggravation.
Panthers open their exhibition this season they lost two to one and Todd Virtusi got hit in the head.
All right well the serve Todd you butcher you lunatic.
Anyway let's get down to the show okay and put your bitch in it's not going to change.
They don't care they do not care.
I've already shut off the whole thing.
If you think I'm taking the calls today you're dreaming.
Remember that song by Johnny Burnett?
Dreaming?
Oh but I have to boot that up.
Oh no.
He also did it 16 not the one that we got that we can't play anymore of course we can't play much of anything.
Let's see continue tying our hands behind our back.
There he is.
Johnny Burnett.
What's it?
It's about enough enough of that.
Dreaming is Johnny Burnett.
Could he go out of hit?
No.
Or what could he go out about an 18th of a pound of sound.
18th of an ounce.
Step on it.
Let's hear a dream.
I'm always dreaming.
Okay it's like that song.
It is a good song.
It is 16 was a good song too.
Now may I dream in myself or did Ringo Starr rip off that and redo 16?
I think he did.
Oh god.
Considering how great they were all supposed to be in John and Paul were at once upon a time when John was still alive and Paul was before he became a so old man.
They wrote some great music and etc.
But they also did some real crap.
Now you wouldn't expect any great music from Ringo anyway.
He was a nice guy.
Your Harrison did some good stuff.
Yes he did.
I like your Harrison.
He's still dead though.
Oh, speak.
Man.
You're on fire.
I'm going back a bit.
Oh, Ringo killed him.
I'll come here.
You're dead.
I'm going to die.
See this proves that there's no God.
John is dead and Ringo is still alive.
I rest my case.
Is there anything else we need to know?
By the way Miguel is with us today.
He was having a month hell of an issue with that FedEx place you were talking about.
Oh.
Do not ever go there again.
Ever.
And you know how much I love FedEx.
And we've never seen him.
He knows we were brained that it's not.
It's those people that work in that place.
Oh, wait a minute.
There actually is another spot here that I missed because the log is all written over and
everything.
Look at that in the first break.
Listen, I almost missed it.
I can't afford to be missing out on it because there's nothing on the log anymore.
No, seriously.
Duff would have a nervous breakdown.
She'd go into a sniff.
You're fiery.
I want Fed to happen.
We seem to be having some log issues.
That's because they heard like a lot of holes.
They just came in and they fired everybody and hired a whole.
They never owned a radio.
And of course sales department.
Remember what you were telling me?
We got 800 people back there.
All jammed in that you wouldn't believe it.
We need to build like a quads and all next to the building.
Fantastic.
And they're doing a hell of a job.
Not.
From it, it's past 10 to 560 WQM.
I feel better though.
I finally got over my current headache there that Josh threw it up again.
Do not come in there.
Clarence.
Do not come in there.
Unless you want me to do it again.
I'm going to go back to bed.
Georgia's on fire anyway.
He's doing it.
Just play your music.
Play, Ringo Starraldy.
Mad Dog at 2 we got the power anyway.
He's doing it.
Just play your music.
Play, Ringo Starraldy.
Mad Dog at 2 we got the power hour with Hank and a Mad Dog 4 to 5.
The Humper by himself.
He's got an hour and 35 minute assignment before the Marlins.
Marlins are done by the way.
But you know something?
Nobody should feel bad about that.
They shouldn't be ripped.
They made a hell of a run.
Right?
Right.
No, I'm talking to McGill.
Not you.
Well seriously, they gave it a hell of a shot, right?
They sure can be where they are right now.
Right.
Well I don't know what that means.
You can tell me.
Well they weren't expected to be there.
Exactly.
They were like 20 games under 500.
They're the first team in a second hour, right smack in the middle of Hurricane season.
Well the Hurricane Shuttle Outlet manufactures easy to use accordion shutters.
Now they provide our spread installation for you too.
What's not to like?
Call them at 9.5.4.
2.37.7083.
They feature rule downs, accordions and panels.
Just let the hurricane shuttler outlet cast to make a revenant stall shutters for you.
Call right now 9.5.4.
2.37.7083.
You get on your way to tub knocks protection.
The hurricane shuttler outlet, their family owned and operated, had been around a long time.
Their license insured and, they'd grow it in promised counties approved.
They stock all sizes of clear public carbon and hurricane panels and aluminum panels,
cut to your specs and ready for pickup or a double-edged one right to you and even install them like I said.
The public and all contractors welcome major credit cards accepted.
Tell that Neil sent you by and they'll give you 100 bucks off on a minimum order of 350 square feet.
Their hurricane shutter outlet, whatever you do, don't leave yourself unprepared for another big blow.
Call at 9.5.4.237.7083 or on the wicked web just log on to hurricaneshutteroutlet.com.
The biggest name, so watch out for all of the businesses, we are Roger.
Sports Radio 560.
The C-U-A-M.
The Cureborn, the voice of the Toronto Maple Ains.
They don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
Hello, I'm John Markhart.
I have a concession.
I killed the crocodile hunter.
I didn't mean to accidentally poke him with my pointy bar.
I'm taking full responsibility and I'm willing to face charges in Australia if I can fly first class on quants.
Let's draw another shrimp on the bar.
That's one of my very favorites.
It's short but sweet.
Just like John Markhart.
1018 at 560 WM during the next break I'm going downstairs.
I got my shoes on, my clothes too.
You want to know why?
Why? Something show up?
Two. I got two FedEx.
The realtor is done and all might be a chicken-ass and the other one might be a 50.
I don't know.
I'm going to find out when I'd be something.
So how does that job with the fact that somebody said they went out this morning?
Yeah, they lied.
Those fakers and that.
Are you picking on your friends at Kinkos?
By the way, I love Kinkos myself, personal.
Not that particular one though.
You know what? It looks like a pretty slick operation when I went in there to get all the package.
You know, there's a lot going on.
Oh, and I've seen some things that look pretty slick and then once you get the close,
I don't forget it.
Just get a whiff, you know.
Ooh, I don't think so.
Although James Franco probably smells pretty good.
Let's see, we got a thousand and sixty-four votes out of the days pool.
Well, I'm pretty depressed about that.
So that somebody come running in there and I'm going to keep asking this off to the show.
Yeah, right.
Well, seriously, wouldn't that make sense to you?
We'd at least find out who, what AE, which of our 400 salespeople has that account now?
Wouldn't that be a good start, don't you think?
Iraqi lawmakers, again, put off a device of debate on federalism that was set for today.
After a fresh wave of violence killed 50 people and prompted a warning from the UN that Iraq was descending into civil war.
How do you like that?
Oh, my God.
That's the way your presence approval ratings are up to 44%.
Now, he just had a big leap because things are going so well.
In some of his bloodstates remarks on Iraq,
UN Secretary General Kappikoffian until an international conference here today,
if current patterns of alienation and violence persist much longer,
there is a grave danger, not just a danger, but a grave danger,
that the Iraqi state will break down possibly in the midst of full-scale civil war.
His remarks came on a day which saw about of car bomb shootings and sectarian killings across Iraq
ahead of the Holy Month of Ramadan.
No, we better play that, please.
When US officials are expecting increase of violence by al-Qaeda,
other Sunni militant groups, that's when those good Muslims,
those good al-Oftaring Muslims go out, and they get even with the Pope.
You know what they do?
Kills will pee.
That's it.
Ramadan starts next week, by the way.
Keep in track, Bill.
Today, so far, and of course, let's see, it's one of the eight hours ahead,
it's like 620.
A car bomb near a factory to fill gas canistered in the southern back,
they have killed two people who went in 24 others.
So that's not too bad, only too so far today, although it's only 620 in the evening.
She, I'd Sunni and Curtis, legislators agreed like yesterday,
to again put off the debate on federalism, summer raki's fear,
could unleash more bloodshed and break up the country.
That's what those crazy fanatic Muslims like to do.
They like to go out and kill some people.
And of course, the Catholic Church is a good one to talk,
since during the Crusades, the Inquisition, and all throughout history,
one of their favorite pastimes between molesting altar boys
and going out there and over-properating the planet was to go out and kill some people.
That's right.
But you can't always find a little kid.
So the fact that the old Getsky opened up a big mouth there,
and this business about, well, he was just quoting somebody else from some ancient 14th century,
you know, ancient Chinese secret, well guess what?
He's the one that picked out the quote.
Nobody put the words in his mouth, although not sure about anything else.
Jesus, God, who now is he kidding, huh?
So here's your poll. Actually, it wasn't your poll.
It was my poll for you, Stimman. I was out sitting.
Right, no, I appreciate it, though.
Yeah, you believe me.
Well, here's the thing about this Finnish concerns.
Maybe that's why I had to eat coal, I'll have no spinach.
I do, I love spinach. You hate it, don't you?
I don't mind it raw like a spinach salad.
You know, mine did raw. Right, yeah.
What about spinach?
Here's your just poll that I invented for yesterday.
It was an excellent poll, very time.
Yeah, very much.
Very much.
What's your end? Look at that. We got a 168 today already.
My work is done. Like that one Jack asked that old fart.
Remember that? You don't probably don't remember that call.
Of course I do.
Yeah. When they were fishing around, you know, kind of leaves it at home.
Oh, my work is done. Yeah, you're done.
All right. You old fart.
And I'm still here, by the way, and they're pulling in a big fat paycheck
every two weeks, and it's spreading the fact this places a joke.
You got a hell of a sense of humor, Claire Bell.
What's your take on the Pope's comments in Islam?
We asked for a 265 votes.
You think with that many votes, they would get it right, but they did not.
He was right 314. That's not the right answer.
That would be like, there would be like Hitler saying that David Duke is anti-Semitic.
See what I'm saying in other words.
No, no, technically he was right in what he said.
Right, right.
Because as soon as he said it, they got all whipped up as always.
They went out and killed some people, right?
But in the meantime, I mean, yeah, who now is he to be talking such crap?
Talk about the pot calling the kettle pink.
That would be like the Pope calling me.
Something like that, you know, technically he'd be right, but who now is he to be opening up a big push?
So they got that wrong. He was right, my ass.
314. How about the crusades and inquisitions?
That was a good answer to 76.
Good religious love again. That was my vote. 257.
Because that's what religions like to do best.
Kill some people. Sure. They like to extend the hand of friendship and give it their love and kind.
And of course, if you know, if you know, accept that they kill some people.
Don't mess with Muslims. They be sensitive 167. Well, what an understanding.
If it wasn't the Danish cartoons, it's the Pope opening up a big mouth.
And man, any excuse they got. They get all whipped up and you saw them.
Oh, yeah. They're all throwing their fist up in the air and they're all with dovetting and ranting and raving.
Because they want to go out and kill some people.
Yeah, you know, they need some cable TV or something.
They need some sensitivity training as well.
They need some of them football players.
They need sensitivity training. They need them ragheads.
Nice head year though. What a Nazi.
113 votes on that.
How dare you call this German Pope a Nazi?
Even though it's a very good answer.
Nice shoes, Papa 87. He did write the red shoe diaries.
And I hate this poll. Only 51. I'm here 4%. That's pretty good. They liked it.
And I would have liked today's because it's got a lot of votes.
Although I did see being sick yesterday later around here all day.
And, you know, I think I went out once to get some soda in the newspapers.
That's your time at even the list of house.
That fluid just Nazi for a loop.
And then Clarence has the balls to come back in here.
It's more and get me all whipped up and aggravated.
Somebody come in yet and give an answer to our question about that account.
Yeah.
1080 votes. Holy moly rat man.
If that guy don't look like a Nazi.
Or of the capital.
Doesn't he?
What the capital security guy?
Yeah. The capital security guy.
That's all he's doing.
I thought it was a joke.
He looks like somebody from Hogan's Heroes.
But not, doesn't he?
Yeah, he does.
He looks like a freaking Nazi is what he looks like.
He's capital security.
Well, you know, when you got a Nazi in a White House, you might as well have Nazis guarding, right?
Sure.
If we're working on WN2 for quite a while.
1080 votes.
Most religious people are full of.
Schmidt.
661.
61 plus percent said most religious people are full of crap.
And I would say that.
Absolutely correct.
Hey, most religious people, full of hate, 249.
Oh, well, if you want to go out and kill some people, then you must be full of hate.
Well, you can do it for love.
I hate this poll 79, 7.3%.
That's bad.
What's not to like about this poll?
I think it's excellent.
Maybe the lower told him to vote for that.
They're full of kindness 58 and love 23.
So that last, those 68 and 23.
So the last two are only like 7.3%.
So full of Schmidt and full of hate.
You got 84.2% of this hate and audience.
How do you like that?
84% and those people are right.
I mean, just, you don't have to listen to anything that I tell you because you're not going to believe whatever the hell I say.
But just look around you.
Forget about reading history and the writing and arithmetic and all that other stuff like Sam Cook said in Art Garfunkel.
Forget about that.
Just open up the ice.
Turn on the freaking news and get depressed for about five minutes and you'll see.
And just like that episode with Bill Marr, you saw about that, didn't you?
Nope.
Didn't hear about that?
Sorry.
Oh, I got it in my pile here somewhere, but I might as well bring it up.
No, I don't.
You know, I'm not a fan of his anyway.
Although I agree with what he said.
I can't stand him.
Likewise, did Oak.
Can't.
I agree with almost everything he says.
And I find him to be annoying and obnoxious.
He's a nebush with a lot of things.
Yeah, I got a big word.
A little annoying nebush.
Oh, here it is.
It's very short and sweet right to the point.
Before Katie Couric debut on CBS Evening News, Ms. Drugs said Bill Marr was one of the upcoming participants for the new free speech segment.
But he hasn't appeared yet and now we apparently know why.
This is the TV Newser, whoever he is on this website, mediabeastro.com.
It says on Fridays, real time on HBO, Marr explained that CBS approached him to do a free speech segment on the new evening news.
The one with Katie Couric and the Dark Eyes, the Black Eyes.
He asked if he could talk about religion but was rejected and told that he would be provided with a list of approved topics.
I mean, he may have ever said.
A second he may have asked was he free to express his views as long as he didn't touch religion or anything else that they didn't.
Yeah, it might offend the sponsor.
You know, of course, CBS denied this.
I saw a piece about this last night somewhere.
But how do you like that?
I would say, yeah, we always were on.
It was on Tucker.
Oh, no.
And actually, why was watching that for a few minutes?
Oh, God.
He gives me shfilties.
Even without the bow tie.
Yeah, he was chastising a CBS.
You're a good one to talk, Tucker.
And he was chastising Bill O'Reilly for putting all the puff pieces on and doing all these celebrity things and all the stuff about, you know.
And then I think he went into a thing about Ann Nicole's son, you know.
That's why I'm not going to be.
I'm not knocking you guys across the street anymore.
And not after what I see today coming back out of a sick bed, I could have stayed out again today.
I'm still ill and a little bit, you know.
Yeah, I was a feared of it.
Were you?
Yeah.
Well, I am, you know, when I came in 830, though I felt better than do right now.
That's the bank clearance for that.
See, if I was you, if I saw clearance coming through that door, I would have just jumped out of your chair and tackled him right there in the doorway.
I'm going to hide the microphones, I think.
Drag his ass out of there.
No, I'm a serious boss.
That's the only way I'm going to stay alive.
I think he's trying to kill me.
1997 votes.
We're going to have over 100 by 1030.
Man, it must be because Miguel's working today.
Now, let's see, I'm going to go down and downstairs and go down.
I'm going to go down and get those two FedExes.
So if I'm not back, I have something ready, you know.
I do a couple of live spots.
Just make some up like ourselves a permanent.
The biggest name of the best talent for the fastest wheel-rotter sports radio 560.
You A-M.
Yeah, that's you.
You are full of my leg, aren't you?
No.
Who is that?
Who is that?
Who is that V?
That was DJ Depp.
Well, congratulations, get alive.
Good eye.
All me here at the pearly gate, Tim.
Crookie.
Have a look at this.
Get some pizza, beauty, and a big burger.
We'll get out, Winxman.
I'm going to sneak up on him.
Go to the camp, don't want to straddle him.
Here we go.
Come on, one in heaven's name.
Look at him.
He just told one thing.
Come on, video crazy, Aussie.
Too many sloppers.
I'm going to tag him in the end of all his wire.
Wow, what is wrong with you?
Crookie.
So if you're here with Halpita, you're going to get a snack from here, mate.
No, of course not.
No, he poised his spiders.
No, he croaked.
No, this is heaven.
Crookie.
It's not more idea, Hen.
What do you say, Piny?
Do you a block of fire?
All right.
Stand on the X.
Thanks, man.
Now you see, there are two separate bits there, but they're only good, and they only mean anything to be playing like side by each.
Right.
Thanks, man.
Whoa.
Crookie.
This place is chocolate block full of snakes.
And they're beautiful.
It sure is hot, but no risk in the outback.
And Crookie.
Look at that.
It's a snowball.
I guess the Vikings are finally going to win the Super Bowl.
Come on, let's have all your hands.
Take a look of it, and expect devil himself.
Beelzeble.
It's a daddy's colorful goat legs and those horns, a lady.
Wow, it is really grumpy.
I'd have a closer look when he's got a pointy tile in a moon, more lessons, the highway.
Point me out.
Thank you.
Okay, 1035 is 560 WDQM.
I'm open up.
I just want to see this way, Bill.
Oh, God.
It's fun.
I just want to see what it's, I see you added on here, CDs of music.
That was only original.
No, actually the original, just the CDs.
Yeah, okay.
Like they've all been said.
Right.
Like it always says, like it says in all the packages that I always get here.
Except for your particular kinko is man, which rhymes with stinko.
I love kinkos, but not that one.
I don't want to start picking on them because you have been already started with a pretty different thing.
It's a good job, and I don't think I'm done.
Oh, God.
Talk about a major project, man, although now I got the good stuff.
Like, you know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
I saw Movie with Susan's Remandon the other night, and she looked just like Sigourney Weaver in that movie.
Well, I was just a lot of some white men.
No, she looked just like her.
What you're talking about was that movie.
It was also pretty good.
Believe it or not, I don't even probably don't like Susan's Remandon.
I like her a lot.
Why would you say that?
It was a good flick.
It was very similar to that of the movie.
Imagine her hero.
I don't think it's the name one of these days.
James Franco in it, though, damn it.
Better I better get a hold of him pretty soon.
He's getting pretty old.
He's 28.
Better find out where he is.
Speaking of James Franco, first penis transplant reversed after two weeks.
I'm sorry.
Surgeons in China who said they performed the first successful penis transplant
had to remove the donated organ because of these severe psychological problems that caused the recipient and his wife.
Gee, Dad, it was a worlitzer, though.
Dr. Wiley Hu and Surgeons said,
Gong Zun, General Hospital in China, Wiley Hu performed the complex 15-hour surgery on a 44-year-old man whose penis had been damaged in a traumatic accident.
What other kind is there?
Yeah, I guess.
It's a pain of death.
It's a pain of death.
It's a traumatic.
The microsurgery to attach to penis which have been donated by the parents of a 22-year-old brain dead man was successful.
Oh, maybe that's the guy who had that account.
Maybe that's why we can't get his name on her.
The microsurgery was successful, but Hu and his team removed it two weeks later.
Because of a severe psychological problem that the recipient and his wife, the transplanted penis regretfully had to be cut off,
who said in the report published online by the peer-reviewed,
Journal European Eurology without elaborating.
This is the first report in case the penile transplantation of a human who added.
Both the man whose wife had requested the surgery, he had been unable to have an of course our urinate properly,
since the accident that had created eight months before the surgery was performed.
Ten days after the operation which had been approved by the hospital's medical ethical committee,
the recipient had been able to urinate.
There had been no signs of the four-inch organ being rejected by the recipient's body,
but who said more cases in longer observation are needed to determine whether sexual sensation and function can be restored.
The patient finally decided to give up the treatment because of the wife's psychological rejection,
as well as here comes the kicker, as well as the swollen shape of a transplanted penis who added.
Oh, there's the Pope.
He's a little straight ahead.
Yeah, a detailed straight ahead the Pope, the silly old Pope.
You know, having to show a little bit of sensitivity you old gecky-oké,
they're all whipped up into a frenzy those assmoth hands, they get nervous, they get psychotic.
And then they say, well, it's only the fanatical and what it must be,
a hell of a lot of fanatical was, I'll tell you that,
because all you got to do is look at them cross-eyed and right away they're ready to go out and start kill some people.
That's right.
Loth be at Louisiana.
Or I can just imagine what kind of place that is.
So I think they put the lose in Louisiana.
Willie Nelson and four others were issued misdemeanor citations for possession of narcotic mushrooms
and marriage wini after a traffic stop yesterday morning on Louisiana Highway.
How do you like that?
That's enough to make me go out and kill some people.
Right. We like Willie Nelson.
Get there, right?
He never stole a freight train.
He never liked anything.
He never could, but then he does good stuff.
What?
Well, he does like the good stuff.
Maybe he needs to go any lever oughta get together.
And invite me.
The citations were issued after a commercial vehicle.
The Google students ran in by the way.
And I'll tell you what that movie is.
You might enjoy it.
I totally forget he more was about it.
It was right similar with the film on the way.
I have no will in that one.
No, and it was about a dysfunctional family and whatever.
And what about that movie about the prize winner of Define So Hyle?
What about that one?
What about it?
I never got that one for you.
Well, keep reminding me I'll send you some of these.
Because these are movies you would like, I think.
And then you share them with Miguel and he'll say,
oh, that's soft, you know.
What is that?
It's Willie.
Oh, Willie Nelson?
Maybe I did a good job.
I'm glad.
Why does it fall down as I could ever?
Hey, Willie.
The citations were issued after commercial vehicle inspection
of the country music stars tour bus state police said a news release.
When the door was open and the trooper began to speak to the driver,
he smelled a strong odor of marijuana the news release said.
Oh, and the good thing of my goodness package is my Dion TV.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Thank God for that.
I can't believe you don't love that TV.
That's the commonest you really are.
I definitely.
A search of the bus produced in one and a half pounds of marijuana.
One and a half pounds.
Hey, Willie.
My point here is in our comics rooms according to state police.
According to our call, the Nelson's publicist was not immediately returned.
I also see a bunch of other people in nobody ever heard of.
Each released after being issued a citation.
Nelson's 73 has been quoted,
songs including honor wrote again and city of New Orleans.
He didn't do city of New Orleans.
Yeah, he did it.
I don't have any.
No, no, no, no, I know it.
But our old Guthrie did it to me.
Correct.
Originally.
I wrote a song about me and Paul.
Oh, we have, don't we have a lot of people?
We have a parody on that thing, but I don't know what tells it's called.
We have to know what Guthrie is saying.
It was something about Bush and New Orleans, remember that?
Yes.
Oh, yeah, what is it called?
This is the original.
It's called the city of New Orleans.
I've known the city of New Orleans.
I'll be damned.
We got four million bushpists in here.
Oh, here you wait a minute.
There you go.
I wasn't, I wasn't a high preventative.
I love them.
Bush ignored the city of New Orleans.
Absolutely.
Yes, some of those people down there say he failed.
Surfs the people in the acetone like cattle.
I'm right over here.
While half the national guard was in Iraq.
He cut funding for their levees.
Looters called Zane and our team.
In a room, we made a bigger deal.
Surfs.
Inserts for Natalie Holloway.
One white girl, we trained a late.
I'd need a mask for help from the Navy Seals.
George Bush, what vacation they need Crawford.
I guess next year they'll be no Marty Grum.
No.
Girls gone wild needs, the city of New Orleans.
Or the half-diss and their film could have brought her in.
Oh my God.
The biggest name.
So best talent to be this is wheel Rogers.
Force Radio 560, UAM.
He's senior on QAM.
We don't have any national guards there because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now.
Not the national guard.
Pardon?
Not the national guard.
No national guard in Iraq.
No national guard.
No.
Oh.
Paramount pictures they've been doing a steal.
They've done the scene they have the same backup as the bill.
This recent behavior is why they refuse.
Everybody's really sick of downpour.
This is the fun it's like you should see.
Let's take an old time I can roll in his BBDs.
The mission impossible got bad reviews.
Everybody's really sick of downpour.
This is the fun it's like you should see.
Everybody's really sick of downpour.
Don't care if it's in the same time it's in.
I don't like him and I won't watch his movies.
Jumping up and down on open counts like a fool.
And what he said about broke shoes was not very cool.
The time is bad as what no distance that I'm out of juice.
But everybody's really sick of downpour.
Don't go in.
Who is baby's story?
That's it baby.
You can't.
That's it baby.
But everybody's really sick of this with some fools.
That's pretty good stuff.
That's got KJ.
Now what's this book of rhyme?
But Pop Dyer is supposed to be Pope Dye.
I'm not sure.
Pop Dye.
I don't know.
Pop Dye.
What does that mean?
It's a spiddich thing.
Oh, Pop Dye.
I thought it was about the Pope with a big mouth.
Yeah, I mean we wish we would that he would.
What did you just say?
I said we wish he would.
Each spinach?
Yeah, okay that.
Builds the strong bodies eight ways.
And then of course you wouldn't be able to tie any more.
And then get bleeding.
Right.
Wild diarrhea.
Speaking of people who are wild and have diarrhea of the mouth,
you're present.
Well that's right.
He's at the UN today with a cup of coffee and he's,
they just showed him on there with Jacques Chirac,
another real slime ball.
And later on,
Oscar Medina-Jod, your buddy is going to be Oscar New Leber.
He's going to be speaking again.
And then they're going to say, oh you hear all that anti-Israeli,
anti-Semitic stuff and all about the West.
Yeah.
How much did you add?
Yeah, he's going to be there.
Ha ha ha ha.
Oh man.
So we getting that right after the question I had.
Oh yeah.
I think sale department.
Seriously Chris Jones,
he is the anti-Christ.
All you people out there looking for the anti-Christ,
look no further, I got it for you.
Our new sales mangler,
and I use that term very,
right Chisholid,
mangler.
He's mangler.
He is, he gives me spilky just thinking about him.
Never trust a guy with a real heavy draw.
You know what I'm saying, y'all?
Never trust one of them.
Like he is.
Republican firebrand,
Pat Buchanan said yesterday that President Bush
should be impeached for failing to stand the invasion
of illegal immigrants across America's southern border,
as if that's the only reason.
He's got a lot of issues there, man.
But I'll take that.
I think he's committed an impeachable offense
in refusing to enforce the immigration laws
and failing to uphold the Constitution
by defending the states against this invasion.
Buchanan told talk radio host Kurt Smith,
and the interview broadcast yesterday on NPR
stations in Buffalo and Rochester.
I'll ride.
Or you know who's in the Buffalo?
And he's not, not no more.
But this weekend he was there.
I give up.
Speaking of religious to the nuts,
think Louis Armstrong and hello,
Dali Parton.
Dali Lama.
Yeah.
The Dali Lama was in Buffalo this weekend.
And boy, they were all whipped up into a frenzy, man.
Oh, he actually puts me on the chin in the area.
He cuts this silly people.
When you have six million people
apprehended on the border and several million going on your watch,
and you have the ability to stop it,
I think you're derelict in your duty, Buchanan said.
And if the president says I can't do it,
you need a new president who will do it.
This isn't Alice Island said Buchanan.
This is an invasion.
Amen.
Even Doc Ellis from the Pirates would agree with that.
I'll print the Pirates about 30 years ago.
But in spite of that,
Buchanan's ramblings and randings,
which we have to agree with,
President Bush's approval rating has rebounded up to 44%.
Oh, my God.
The highest level in the year in the latest USA Gallup poll,
a newspaper reports today.
That must be because the word Iraq is going so well.
Bush's approval rate, and of course,
what did I tell you weeks ago about the price of gas,
how he was going to come tumbling down just before the election?
Did I tell you that?
Yes, we did.
Only the dumbest of the dumb can believe that that's the only cure
and coincidence in them.
And that the day after the election, it's not going to go back up to like 75 bucks a gallon.
Who are you kidding, W?
Obviously some people.
Bush's approval rating jumped five points from the 39%
of the previous poll conducted earlier this month.
The bounce comes with seven weeks before the election,
to decide control of congressman falling gas prices,
and a renewed campaign by Bush to boost support for the war in Iraq,
and to portray Republicans as more competent than Democrats on security.
The evil doers, they want to get you, man, they evil doers.
For the first time since December of last year,
a majority of people poll did not say the war in Iraq was a mistake.
The respondents were split evenly 49 to 49.
Now, here, this is the best part.
All right.
However, the poll finds that the Iraq war continues to be a problem for Bush.
60% said it doesn't have a clear plan for handling Iraq,
and 75% said Iraq is in a civil war today.
Now, stop and put those two.
They were evenly split at 49, 49,
as far as whether it was going to war in Iraq was a mistake,
but 75% said it's in a civil war.
No, no, no, no, no.
Yeah, can you put those two together?
It really doesn't look like that.
That's right.
Dumber than sawed us, baby.
Dumber than dirt.
It's those Yahoo's, man.
Yahoo's, America has become a Yahoo country.
Much red necks, like your sales manager there.
What is he frosted my fatal ugly ass?
God.
And this is just like the last time I had a question about something, remember?
No.
We went through the whole show.
Did he ever respond?
No, he never get answered.
No.
He's just stonewalls.
That's all.
I thought only a...
I thought that was what was stonewalls about in New York.
Back in the 60s, remember stonewall?
Oh, yeah.
He used to go there often.
Stonewall Jackson?
Yeah.
1166 votes on the floor.
We're going to have close to 1200 by noon.
This is shocking to me.
This is an event.
Now, what's that pop-dye thing?
I like the light of diamonds, man.
Oh, that's cute.
That's cute.
Oh, that's cute.
Oh, that's cute.
Oh, that's cute.
Thank God this package finally showed up.
What's happening?
And they said one of this one.
They couldn't give me a straight answer if you put an oozee there.
They were buying sacks of crap.
Obviously, they, you know, they were just making stuff up to get them off the wall.
Oh, yeah.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
L Laurent invention.
It is a commercial product.
Is he a commercial product?
That is a commercial product.
Make sure that he and this is commercial product.
He canwo order double speech or call this your own measure book.
That was Bill Richardson man from New Mexico. Okay, hell of a guy. I mean he ain't no condom Lisa, but who that is
Mad dog coming up into this afternoon. We got the Marlins in the mess tonight any interest reading this game
But luckily it's at New York so we don't have to bitch in belly aching. Oh, do you nobody showed up for the game?
You know at least they're consistent
The biggest name so best talent. This is Neil Rogers for 20560
This is the Neil Rogers show
This is your brain
Any questions tonight on myography stupid celebrity deaths dumb celebrities who did dumb things to die stupid John Denver
Umm Jerry
A pretty scary
Of course check out 3 concur with
I won't have a 68.54!
And why is this wall... I am Dragon!
And coming soon on biographies, stupid celebrity deaths,
the death of Dr. Rackens of Akens by his fame, who slipped on ice.
It's...
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
11.15.50, you never sent me those naked pictures of James Franklin, but you didn't send me nothing, I didn't get him.
Alright, I'll resend him.
Send him to Yahoo! That will help me, I'll start number one.
I'm going to change all your addresses to that.
Yeah, the hotmail sometimes that comes through, and sometimes it doesn't, because if it's from anywhere down there,
I think hotmail filters it out because they know I'll get angry with it.
So the movie with Susan Sarandon was safe passage.
Okay.
In 1994, but she plays the mother who's got seven sons.
Alright, never heard of it.
And one of them is off in the Middle East somewhere, and building is five.
I don't know where the hell he is.
94.
And the building is bombed and they're waiting on television to find out what he's alive at.
And the ending is corny and predictable in the audio audio.
But it's pretty good.
And the father as usual is a real slimeball, Sam Shepard.
Haven't seen him, huh?
No, but talented versus.
It is interesting, it's pretty good.
See, he's actually very good in that.
Does she get naked?
No.
Okay.
I don't think so.
Please, not in the movie anyway.
Okay.
Mike Whitney, right?
I wonder if he's kind of Ray Whitney.
Bush is cruel and degrading presidency.
He says Washington is a moral swamp when the chief executive can stand at the presidential podium
and make an honest appeal for torture, then the American dream is dead-dedited.
Bush hates America and only God knows why.
He's been void along his entire life on a raft of wealth and privilege, distancing himself from his endless failures,
one after the other, flop, flop, flop.
Still, President Codpiece wants one more.
Another pound of flesh to inflate his better alcohol-saturated ego.
He wants to stuff out anything that even vaguely resembles honor or decency or dignity,
so it can permeate the world with his own fiendish image, beaming from TVs across the globe.
In fact, I think he's got a lot of ink common with those ragheads, you know why?
One of his favorite hobbies is to kill some people.
Who can ever imagine the president of the West making the case for torture like some flannel-mouth medicine man in a tent show?
Where is your sense of decency, sir?
The shame that Bush has brought on this country is nearly as great as the ignominy heaped on the nation by the Republican rubber stamp Congress.
The House of Representatives is the real moral swamp.
Not once in six years of this stood up to Bush, not once.
Meanwhile, the country is prunneled off to war on a pack of lies.
The president is authorized unlimited spying on the American people.
300,000 mostly poor black people were ethnically cleansed in New Orleans,
and countless thousands of innocent Muslims have been kept in bondage in murking hoologs.
And don't bother defending their phony McCain and his cut raise of far-right totes dasting with Bush on so-called secret evidence.
What a joke.
McCain never saw a war he didn't like.
He's chairman of the International Republican Party, a slick-sounding NGO,
that topples foreign governments like Hugo Chavez that don't believe that every nickel of the world's wealth should go to the upper 1%.
Even as fight against secret evidence is pure fiction, if McCain the Maverick wins, American-held prisoners will still not have the right to challenge their case in federal court,
or sufrid damages in the case of unlawful arrest.
McCain and Warner and Graham have removed the habeas corpus to foundation of American jurors' prudence dating back 800 years in English law as a fundamental human right.
The only rights the prisoners will have are the right to appear before three or Romance Rolls-Handpick students to plead for mercy.
It's another travesty.
Republicans love to lavish praise on that inveterate racist, Winston-Bombs the Nicarious Churchill.
Here's what Churchill said about habeas corpus.
The power of the executive to cast a man into prison without formulating any change known to the charge known to the law,
and particularly to deny him the judgment of his peers, is in the highest degree odious,
and the foundation of all totalitarian government, whether or not he were communist.
According to the AP, there are more than 14,000 of these unlucky souls and bushes, bullies, right now.
That doesn't include the tens of thousands in Iraqi concentration camps and detention facilities.
Bush not only claims the right to hold them indefinitely, but wants the Congress to endorse his right to torture them as he sees fit.
This is the very definition of tyranny.
Here's Bush defending torture in the September 6th speech.
He said, captured terrorists have a unique knowledge about how terrorists never separate,
and all of them have what plots are underway, the ticking time bomb forest.
Our security depends on getting this kind of information, like the September PDB,
been law-entending strike on America.
Many outkinder or Taliban fighters try to conceal their identities and withhold information that could save American lives.
They've received training on how to resist interrogation, and so the CIA used an alternate set of procedures.
These procedures were designed to be safe to comply with our laws, our constitution, our treaty obligations,
that Department of Justice reviewed the authorized message extensively and determined them to be lawful.
Then why change the laws, George? No harm, no foul.
Bush wants to change law because he knows the procedures, constant torture, a violation of the War Crimes Act and the Geneva Convention,
his petition for torture goes far beyond a sadistic urge to inflict pain in other human beings.
It's a frontal assault on the fundamental principles which underscore the Bill of Rights.
It's an expression of the hatred he feels for our system, our laws and our prevailing ethos.
It's a way of forcibly removing any obstacles to absolute power.
The opponents of torture have mounted a flimsy, limparasted defense that torture procedures unreliable,
and produces unreliable information, or that it may put our own soldiers at risk. What gibberish, that's the spineless equivocating of lawyers, not humans.
We oppose torture because it's a moral evil. It makes no difference if your religious or not.
There is no lower form of human activity than inflicting pain on another person, none.
Even killing somebody allows them to retain some trace of evenly, torture remarks, robes them even of that.
You like when I'm reading this very well, that's all right.
Anyone who thinks torture is quaint is unfit to lead. In fact, there are cancer on society.
Bush is rating against the Geneva Conventions as a sign of a man who accepts no legal or ethical constraints in his behavior.
It's a blanket defensive cruelty and an attack on our core principles as Americans.
It's the language of a dictator whose sole aspiration is the expansion of his own, despotic power.
Bush says that the wording of Geneva is vague and that outrage against human dignity is hard to decipher.
That's because he plans to push the limits of the law by exacting as much pain as possible from his victims.
To Geneva is not vague, it intentionally cast a broad net to discourage any harsh treatment of detainees in one's charge.
Its condemnation of the cruel and human-indegrating treatment of prisoners has never been challenged because it's a clear indictment of any such punishment.
What is it that Bush doesn't understand about our laws and traditions?
How can a man reach the pinnacle of power without the slightest resolve to defend even minimal standards of human decency?
An illegal rights have no geographic boundary, they're the province of every person.
Prisoners are no less entitled to human rights than anybody else.
The president's plea to repeal the Geneva Conventions is a portentious reminder of how absolute power corrupts absolutely and of how quickly America's something to the quicksand of moral depravity.
How do you like that good old Mike Whitley?
You don't like Wayne Noe Ray Whitney but then again who is it? Where's my naked pictures of James Franco?
Check your your Yahoo.
Check my Yahoo.
I don't know, he's in the sales department there, Manglin.
Old Yahoo man, Chris Jones, you just continue stow-walling.
Heck him a job Chris.
I don't think I got any mail here man.
I'm looking at my Yahoo and I got one.
All right.
I got one bulk one, let me get rid of that.
Only one.
Solomente Uno Espina.
Here you go, here's a bunch of naked pictures of James Franco sent by George.
Let's see.
Only two of them are naked.
Oh, one of them is naked.
I totally didn't have any was here, listen, I tell you that.
Yeah, you mentioned that.
Yes, he goes to the spa.
Get out of here, he goes to the spa.
Get out of here, yeah.
He gets whacked.
He whacks his ass.
Oh yeah, there's two naked pictures there.
Well, he looks like a real lady in that one on the bottom.
Yeah, I know, that's for you.
Oh no.
He looks like a girly man.
The one on the top though, he looks really much.
Yeah, I got that one off of you're a fake.com.
Holy moly.
Brush him up a little bit on that bottom picture, I can't stand.
That's just burst my bubble right there.
Ooh, I don't want to look at it.
It's not a pretty thing, I'll tell you right now.
Well, he's better as the green goblin, so you know, just a word.
Ooh.
Well, I got so many things here, I got Doug Thompson's article,
a shame to be an American.
But I don't want to read him because Miguel will get up and walk out.
It's still here.
Hell of a job, by the way, in that package, you know, I think it goes.
That's gonna make me sick of my stomach.
I'll wait till you're just doing it.
You're testing, you're crazy.
Yeah, bull crap, okay?
Tell them to let FedEx worry about it instead of trying to be a bootch boss
or they do not go there ever again.
I can't go to your man everything I told you.
We're like clock workers, no problem, no problem.
And yet you managed to find a pharmacist at your house.
That's right, that's my luck.
So you thought it was convenient.
Guess what?
Wrong.
Atlantic City.
A New Jersey Gay Rights Group.
I wonder what James Franco thinks about that.
A New Jersey Gay Rights Group thought a share impersonator who happened to be a man
would lie them up in Democratic Party meeting
but met resistance instead.
The state Democrats gathered in Atlantic City, which Steve Goldstein
found were of Garden State Equity, a gay rights organization.
Books shared to appear in full share with Gayity and lipstick
a few of the singers greatest hits.
Steve Goldstein found were of a gay rights organization.
Garden State equality.
I think I said equity.
Well, it's partially it's blurred out.
But before the impersonator could hit the stage,
the state party official approached Goldstein as witnesses told the Newark star
ledger and said, we can't have that walking in the hallway.
What if the press sees that?
Well, they report on that in tomorrow's papers.
You don't like it like that thing.
It's exactly what they'll do.
Remember the thing?
Oh, God.
Share did get in a couple of numbers.
However, among those dancing was Senator Loretta Weinberg,
Bergen, a 71-year-old grandmother.
Share wasn't great Weinberg told a star ledger, but I survived it.
And I didn't catch anything.
I'm still wearing women's clothing.
I do like that.
I wonder what Steve Goldstein thinks about that.
See, you think you know somebody and then you find out.
I don't know what I said.
I don't know where.
From 102 votes on the poll, look at that, man.
From 102.
Is that incredible or what?
Oh, butchers, butchers, speech at the UN at 1130.
We're going to be listening to that?
No.
No chance.
No chance.
I wouldn't pollute my or your ear drums with that crap, I think.
Most, here's the poll today.
And of course, in the wake of all the great things that are going on in the world.
They love the brotherhood, the kindness, the understanding.
Moids religious people are full of.
Schmidt, 739, 61.
Oh, there's osmanidina jade.
I just like saying it.
Now that I can.
Schmidt, 739, 61.1% of everybody in this audience said to your full of crap,
all your religion is man, your evil.
You're the ones that we need to avoid like crazy, like the plague.
Stay away from us.
They're full of hate, 277.
That's why they like to kill a bunch of people.
I hate this pool 89.
Well, too bad.
Emotional cripples.
They're full of kindness, 76 and love, only 27.
How, 640, 8.4% say something like they're full of something good,
which means over 90% said, look out, beware.
How right?
Yeah, look out now.
Well, I tell you, like my stiff neck and my shoulder mats are unbedshaven.
And all of it since the clearance came into this morning.
The biggest name of the best talent in the current super-ferro-rotors.
42560, UAM.
5255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4
255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 425
4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 4255, 5255, 5255, 4255, 4255, 4255,
Sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
small college athlete
sports sports sports sports sports
joy-heatherton parent
no I say Heather too
you say Harrington
yeah sports joy-heatherton
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
in doing this is a situation we have
that's the chicken x-take on a kidney and bocho
but you forgot to mention one thing
not okay
so James Franco
and leave it to you to find that picture man every other picture he looks fabulous
I think you did that just because you found out he was Jewish
oh he is yes I didn't do that on purpose I
you know thought I'd send a shirtless picture that James Edward Franco well
the one on top would have done very nicely okay that one under bottom he looks really
filming although if we wanted to scroll that he lives in L.A.
that should just prove it he has dated actress Marla so
or sokolov with whom he co-starred in the film whatever it takes
you know who Marla sokolov is? no oh well he has
dated her not lately though he was chosen by people magazine is one of the 50
hottest bachelors of 2004 he paints extensively in his free time
gay and even tended to private painting school during his teen years
his horse already been displayed in art galleries and he's also currently let's see
he's signed a return in Spider-Man 3 and we released
May 4 2007 unless George Worth blows out the world before that
and by the way lots of rumors especially in the time and news with
there about the Iran attack we had the Iraq attack which worked out very very
well and now they're thinking about an Iran attack great and WDW3 like New
D. Gingrich Reddaw all look at that one two three four
man if Willis McGee he could just count that high and on
one two three four he can only count to three though and that's why I thought it
was through it down one of these things you're sending me here's one that says
I thought you might enjoy this article also there's an article in today's
Harold Sports section about WQMA and the ticket with the headline
disappointed stuff for this fan speak their peace oh my god
Andy and Miami Beach says have a sweet new year I'll go in for you
well that's right we got to do holidays coming up I forgot about that
look at that thanks Rowland of Bangkok Thailand the mid-rumors of a
cool all right there like that and you know who just left there don't you
who John Mark Carr Caribbean Queen Rowell Castro it's over the past six weeks
Americans have learned quite a bit about Rowell Castro who took over a set of
the Cuban government in late July one thing they haven't been told I ever
or something millions of Cubans have long taken her granted that little bro is
hey how do you like that now we know what that movie was all about eating
our wool oh yeah it's not a new rumor by any means but it's
flamed up again flamed up baby wake up at El's Hospitalization for
Investible Bleeding news articles on exile websites about the handover which
may prove temporary if it all ever recovers our routinely accompanied by
reader comments that we referred to Rowell as El Maticone a Spanish derogatory
term equivalent to Faggot Maticone some sites claim he's bisexual he is
after all married with four children or cross-dresser while others name his
alleged partners asked how widespread the belief is a member of a Cuban exile
family from Miami told radar simply everyone knows Rowell is gay and it goes on a
career life all right in fact his daughter Mary Ella Castro is the country's
leading advocate for gay lesbian and transgendered rights uh-huh if it were a
touchy issue with your father I don't think he'd be running the transgender
clinic which I guess maybe that's why Dick Cheney's the daughter is such a big
good advocate I don't know either way it says the rumors endured for years
Alan Ginsburg wrote about this journal an Andy Warhol alluded to in his 1965 film
the life of one needed Castro and it isn't likely to die any time soon if
the Dal does die however cruising the Castro could take on a whole new meaning
oh yeah that's bad dog Thompson writes a shame to be an American
you know your buddy dog Thompson he had a little bludgeon looks like he's ready
was ready more columns now than when well now that he's underground somewhere
and I can't find him the tie prime minister appears a state of emergency
that was mine in contact with no with accusations of dirty tricks and rigging the
election and in the end sounds like a merchant another one and that was supposed
to happen uh next month but it looks like now uh the military yet or someone has
got their board with waiting for for democracy to be restored or for this
election to happen and they stepped in and uh it looks like they've tried to do
something themselves
hello I'm John Markhart you have a confession I killed a crocodile hunter
it didn't mean to I accidentally poke him with my 20 bar I'm taking full responsibility
and I'm willing to face charges in Australia if I can fly first class on quampus
draw another shrimp on the barney that is that is so good pretty unusual huh yeah
could I'm to send something pretty good 23 past 11 dog Thompson says I never thought I'd
reach the point where I was ashamed of my country I was wrong I've loved America for most of
my 58 years I fought for her kill for her blood for her and damn near died for her more than once
I served my country even when I thought she was wrong because I felt it was my duty as an American
to do so but I can no longer do so doggie rights America today has become what we always stood
up against a tyrant a destroyer of freedom an international murderer with no regard for human
rights or life no morality and no belief in the rule of law America now threatens the piece of
the world far more than any terrorist group any communist country any tin horn dictated with a
suitcase nuke I've lived with the Americans for one year and eight months as if I was living
in a hell bagged at shopkeeper I'm hot cussing I'll I'll yell we told the APF they was released
from 20 months in captivity without ever being charged with a crime or even being told what he
was suspected of doing according to an AP investigative report the American government holds some 14,000
detainees and secret prisons around the world if you have any idea why they're held all our denied
legal representation even given details of the charges against them and many are later released
without explanation even in apology if you've got to bid our innocent afghan who gets sold on the
river by some warlord rival you can end up at the grama and have absolutely no way of clearing your
names had john sifton of human rights watch in new york you can't have a lawyer present evidence
or do anything organized to get yourself out of there evidence continues to mount that many of
these prisoners are tortured in ways that violates the Geneva Convention and international court
the government's how civilized nations are supposed to treat prisoners of war and president bush
reminds us constantly that we are at war with terrorism but America really is a war with itself a
tactrum within by a madman president who claims the divine mission from god waiting a fierce battle
against the principles of one's guided this nation and said it above those who treated human
life with callous disregard and claimed any means no matter how bivariate justified the cause
America is no longer respected by its allies and married on the world stage are trusted by its
own citizens just as christ jones pull shown overwhelming majority of americans think bush lies
based war in a rack was a monumental mistake most also think the president of the west is dishonest
and that our government lies to us on a regular basis sadly they're right your back war is
an incredible food bar that is destroyed in nation created new heaven for terrorists and cost
more american lives in the attack on the world trade center in new york bush is not only a serial
liar but an unstable despot who satity is increasingly doubted by members of his own family and
party he ignores the will of the people he's supposed to serve violates international law at will
and treads the constitution law with the freedoms that are once protected america is detained without
charges and then released without explanation or apology nearly a half 18,700 people since June
of 2004 the ap investigation found many of those released tell horror stories of their treatment
while in prison including torture by attaching electrical wires to genital areas waterboarding
creating the fear of drowning by submerging prisoners use of dogs and threats of long-term
imprisonment while the abdual kareem 26 told the ap high his guards would wield their absolute
authority tell us about the ones who attack americans in new neighborhood and terror gator
saying or i'll keep you in prison for another 50 years such treatment only fuels hatred toward
this country i will hate americans for the rest of my life kareem said i understand why kareem
hates americans in the country they represent i don't hate america i love my country but i hate
what our so-called leaders have done to work thanks to the illogical illegal and insane actions
of george w bush and those who follow him americans can no longer hold their heads high and take
pride in their country bush and his fellow terrorists have destroyed a great country and
fear the damage may be permanent and irreparable irreparable how do you like that because you
buddy dug something so all right what do we go to waterboarding so noctua make you want to go out
and is it really worth it it must be i guess i need to put that out of button because i think
there will be a lot of people on a very good very soon especially those good religion is going
to be going out to people right have you ever felt that the moment you pay for something is the
moment that the store stops carrying dynamatris is at their best after you purchase your new mattress
call them at one eight hundred mattress and get factory direct prices from dollar mattress lower
than the chain stores dollar mattress also has twelve months financing to call one eight hundred
mattress you get the lowest prices on the best brands cclyseurder king coral simons temphabetic
and stirrens and foster hewitt dollar mattress has a ninety nine point seven percent on time
delivery rate you just choose to date and tell me what that new demand for delivered seven days
a week from eight a day into ten p.m. even the same day and that you call in valamakras deliver's
like crazy after care is one of the major reasons why the ranked number one in the world and
customer satisfaction why have used them for years you have to be crazy to buy a new mattress
any other way look them up on the web at mattress.com or make that easy call one eight hundred
mattress one eight hundred m a t t r e s leave off the last s because it stands for sales holes
the biggest name of best talent to be this is wheel rogers for radio five sixty
three
four
four
five
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
So deceptive.
They had to use the photo shop to take off the weight I got.
To put CVS on top.
I need to look young and hot.
Whoa.
When they use the photo shop.
On my publicity shot.
You may curve that I don't got.
Hey guys, thanks a lot.
Whoa.
Oh, go on a diet.
Don't be a joker.
Won't say well my stomach.
Like al rooker.
Airbrush my waist.
So I don't look fat.
Make me sexier than Dan Rather.
There's a news lash.
This just in.
They also erased my extra chin.
I lost 20 pounds.
Over night.
I just got hit on by Walter Kong type.
So bust out the photo shop.
And don't you ever stop.
Now that I got the anchor's fly.
I need to stay young and hot.
Whoa.
Baby Kirk in his house.
And these feet.
They're not dope.
Any care.
Anybody care about Thailand?
Oh, all your pedophiles out there.
I post phone the trip.
27.0 noon at QM.
So anyway, here's a list of Jewish anchors and actresses.
Wow.
Wow.
Only about 40,000 on here.
Ram is graduating.
30,000.
30,000.
Current Paula Abdul.
Okay.
I thought she was an A-rab.
Yeah, I do that.
2D animar gullies, Rachel Whites, Sarah Jessica Parker, and Soma Blair.
I wonder if she's kind of Linda Blair or Tony Blair.
Boy, let's just read the names of all of these people.
Be on till midnight.
Sarah Ramos.
You see, you see like James Franco.
Don't that sound like a titan like Franco American?
It does.
He's Jewish.
God almighty.
Rachel Bilson.
Amanda, Amanda Bines.
Aaron Carter.
Aaron Carter.
New reality show coming out, by the way.
Boy.
Aaron Carter, Nick Carter's brother.
Gay.
Well, we know that, but that's beside the point.
Aaron Carter is Jewish.
Partly.
We have break.
If he's Jewish, how come it doesn't have Nick Carter on here, huh?
Yeah, that would be your clue if the other guy's on there.
That would be kind of a clue, but guess what he ain't got here.
Well, we can Google it.
But who know?
They're old news, man.
It's dead meat.
Believe me.
Old news.
Zach Efron.
Ben Feldman.
Joseph Gordon Levit.
Jake Kirlinhal.
Oh, no.
Are you kidding me?
Yeah.
I knew it.
Get out of here.
He's not.
Get out of here.
Just because he was in Gremlins and he was playing with those fuzzy little things.
No, because he was in Broke House.
No.
Jake Kirlinhal?
Oh, that's right.
He was.
I told him.
I didn't watch the rest of it.
Out of sight, out of mind.
Also, that also makes what's his name, Gay?
The other guy.
That boring British guy?
No, but those are the jokes.
That ought to be British guy, what's his name?
He.
Hard.
I'm not a judge.
Yeah.
He's also.
You.
You're very.
Okay.
That.
So.
Jake, yeah.
This is pretty interesting.
Jake Kirlinhal is Jewish.
He was also in some really bad, greasy movie.
I saw him not so long ago.
See.
If you watch the, rather, you know, people have, people that's got some good channels on it.
Yeah, but I don't.
Oh.
Gregory Smith, Marla Sokoloff.
Now, wasn't she.
Didn't we just read that she was dating James Franco?
Probably because they were both Jewish.
See that?
As if that's the surprise that somebody named Sokoloff might be Jewish. Well, we're going to get on J.D.
Natalie Portman. There's this any billion names on here man. I could read them all.
Ricky Alman, Joey Zimmerman. I never heard of almost any of these people.
And you want to know why? Why? Probably because most of these people are on some like, you know, sitcoms
or have like minor parts in movies that I've never seen. Oh Jason Schwartzman.
I mean, Dr. Schwartzman and Faso. Oh, and he reached over and he grabbed a grape.
That was beautiful. Poor Don Delawis man. Allore is still alive. It's amazing.
And it's very filled in. Oh, there's two things we know about him. Number one is Jewish.
Number two is a very annoying guy. Do I hate him? Sir, I'm a shallower.
Andrew Ginsburg. Oh, no. Seth Green. Right. What about Seth Greenberg? Oh Maggie Gila Hall.
I didn't know that there was a Maggie Gila Hall, but we do now.
Holy no, now I'm going to the mercenacres. What does she do?
She's in. I know her as his sister. I know the face, but I don't know where she's from.
From the party. He's, um, let's see. She's 29. Kate Hudson, Rashida Jones. Rashida is to be Jewish. Holy moly.
That's almost as exciting as Paula Abdul. Gwyneth Paltrow. Now have we never knew that before? Did we? No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No.
Yeah. Annoying. Parry Spelling. Aha, he's like just Kevin Weissman and that's about it. That's good. Yeah.
Last time he sees me. Same thing every time even reflector. More than 90. We definitely feel like we have a lot ofs for the rest.
Jewish how do you like that? I've seen there a Kevin Klein. Yeah, so David do Kovny
Robert Downey Jr. Oh brother. I'd explain. Yeah
Melissa Gilbert, okay, yeah, I'm I'm skipping over there's like 75 million
Jennifer Jason Lee and there's all these Jews. I know so many Jews and so little time. That's what I've been in job
It's gonna save you in today. Cindy Margolis
No, why am I going through all I know some good time?
So Registrar Parker there she is boy, yeah, I remember what that Sean Penn Sean Freaking Penn is Jewish. Yeah, Adam Sandler is Jewish
Surprise that is I know, but it's one thing to know it. It's another thing to see it in print
Rob Schneider right
See Ellie Shede I
How she was feeling she said kind of happy John Stewart is Jewish from the day he's okay. We knew that
Ben Stiller was there for any doubt he annoys me. I don't know what it is Ben still does he bother you?
I don't know bother right word. Oh, I'm speaking of get Scott wolf who was on party of five
Don't you remember Scott wolf? He was a real brother way. How big your partner? He was the brother
Now I think he was a sister well, okay, Jamie Lee Curtis is half Jewish and
Celebrates what she nicknames Kronica, which he points out equals pure pressure. I say I'm a Hungarian Jew my grandmother
Groud Rister so was a Hungarian Jew. I'm a my grandmother now. Well, I don't understand it
Well, she's can be totally Curtis was Jewish wasn't he? Yes, well Bernie Schwartz Daniels Bay Lewis
Okay, actor being Irish Jewish and posh friend Russia. That's a surprise
Harvey Firestein
Oh, you may carry patient wrong Al Franken. Oh, this is too much. I'll go every now and then
Every now and then in between calls I'll go back to it
Yeah, call my ass. Okay, it's got to help her run to it. Get a horn. Yeah
Before we do the break, let's see what's it. Oh, here's some look at this. He's not that after all. We were worried about you Sean
He says here's a couple of my appeal
I sent the first one to George by email, but either he didn't get it or he Schmidt candid
I don't know. It was pretty good, but then again, I haven't inflated opinion of everything is frost my brains or loins
He says how much I'm a brother even from his back home. Yeah, he didn't get it
So it's mystery emails that vanish into thin air probably a Jewish conspiracy no doubt
That's what I'm gonna do. I was gonna say it. Well said it the Jews responsible for all the lost email in the world
Yeah, that's right. That's what Joe Bell says what else you know?
Buy him a radio would you place and I better better not? How's Chris Jones do anybody seen him since we started this thing this morning? No
He he is as useless as breast on a
Boiling up pan. Okay, you know, I mean I'll like you so that they might look good
But you can't touch him too hot to handle
285 spoke we're gonna have 1300 before and new and this is a shocker
You know, I think it's because they missed me so bad yesterday not they really enjoyed your show yesterday George
They did you had a reaction tell by the response and you had so many more people listening than usually when you're on
You know on the internet that's because I thought it was you no no usually when you're on you have you know like
But ten people no seriously they loved it
It must be because it was more than anti-religious thing you must have been bashing the Pope yesterday
Yes, I was with us all of his rag hands all those smolta heads all of the above yeah
What about the ink wouldn't that have been a logical response that what about the Inquisition in the crusade?
There are only one person say that that all over the world and kill some people and of course in the Old Testament
God told the Jews to go on kill all their enemies every single one don't say single one of them didn't even
Make them an offer they couldn't refuse no
We had a great he told Abraham to kill a son if you recall that that's right, but that was a psyched out the test
And he was yeah, he's psyched
He's already dead. Oh, sorry
How do you like that? That's the religious man all they know how to do is brainwash and kill some people
That's it and take your money of course. Thanks free. Thanks exempt you religion
Y'all you get skis man all the get skis they need to be eliminated which leads a lot of room for the rest of us a lot of first year
17 till noon a queue and you know sometimes it's the things you can't see that can hurt you in South Florida for 28 years
I've used him for over 20 years in my own home is dry concepts is the best at dry cleaning your carpets and making
What's just like brand new when you dry clean your carpets you can clean today and retain tonight?
It's for true carpets stay cleaner longer with no sticky residue left behind and with over 50,000 satisfied customers
You won't be left alone like we are by the sales department and don't forget the dry concepts are also the experts when it comes comes to water damage restoration
Good to keep in mind during a hurricane season
Certified technicians get you out of the mold zone in minutes not days and dry concepts can get your home of business
Draught within 24 to 72 hours. It's well unteed
I get choked up just thinking about it. Just thinking about Chris Jones. I get choked up to top it all off
Dry concepts has got a step to the art or you're a rug cleaning plant the only one in South Florida on site
Dedicated to keeping your expensive area workers looking just like brand new so do yourself a favor and call dry
What's what's the guy's name the new copy guy?
Chris no, that's a new traffic guy Chris or Chris and somebody that we everybody everybody had a
Happy New Year Chris traffic guy Christian. Oh, is that a he doesn't know Chris. Oh, so do yourself a favor and call dry concepts
Today believe me you'll never call anybody else again call them toll free from daybrow to the Palm Beach
Who's 1 800 2 4 8 507 what is on the Christian's so did you call 1 800 2 4 8 507 1 or on the wicked web just log on to dry concepts
dot com
This is an EBC news special report the terrorists they will not leave us alone
They're thrown into panic at the side of an old man and we are determined to stop them
Earlier this year I traveled to the United States where women are prisoners in their homes
We've created new programs to monitor phone calls and save American lives as a mother I cross my fingers and pray all the time
Thank you
Peace out
Thanks for the pull Sean. I'll use them all okay. I'm not a hard-ass like George
I think your pulls are great some of them you just probably never got them
You know I've never got that email. This is a very long article that I'm not gonna read because we get up and start throwing things
And run out of the building screaming and yelling and ping on the street do that anyway sources obvious terror plot is a fiction
underscoring police failures written by nafiz off mid British Army expert cashed out on liquid explosives threat
I'll cut an ever cut in a fine in the UK the tentacle or written retired with tentacle Nigel Wilde not related to Oscar Wilde
A former senior British Army intelligence officer suggested that the policing government story about the terror plot revealed August 10
Was part of a pattern of lies and deceit
British and American government officials have described the operation which resulted in the arrest of 24 more
So they British Muslim suspects as a resounding success
13 of the suspects have been charged and to release without charges
According to security sources the terrorist suspects were planning to board up to tens of Indian airliners and detonate highly
Followed on the liquid explosives on the plans and a spectacular terrorist operation the liquid explosives either TATP
Triastatone
Traparoxide DADP diastatone
Diapiroxide or less sensitive I guess you're hiding your diapers. I guess or less sensitive HMTP
Text to methylene
Triparoxide diamine were reportedly to be made on board the planes by mixing sports drinks with a peroxide based household gel
And then be detonated using an MP3 player or mobile phone
But Lieutenant Colonel Wilde was awarded the Queen's gallantry medal for his command of the Delfast explosive ordinance disposal unit in
74 described the scenario as fiction
Creating liquid explosives is a highly dangerous and sophisticated task
He says one that requires not only significant chemical expertise
But also the appropriate equipment the idea that these people could sit in the plane toilet and simply mix these together
Normal household fluids to create a highly explosive a high explosive cable blowing up the interior graph is
Untenable let me say it again on tenable
Seven ten occur in a while to was trained in as an ammunition technical officer
Responsible for terrorist bomb disposal at the Royal Army ordinance camps in Santerist after working as a bomb
The fuse in northern Ireland Lieutenant Colonel Wilde became senior officer in the British Army in 1777
During the quote where he collected intelligence as part of undercover East German liaison unit and then they went on to
Boba Boba Boba who cares so who came up with the idea that a bomb could be made on board not out kind of for sure
It wouldn't work been long as interested in success not deterrence by failure. He said the story has been blown all out of proportion
The liquids would need to be carefully distilled at freezing temperatures to extract the required chemicals
Which are very difficult to obtain and the purity is needed once the fluids have been extracted the process of mixing them
Produced a significant amounts of heat and vial fumes the resulting liquid then needs some hours of room temperature for the white crystals
That are the explosive to develop the whole process which can take between 12 and 36 hours is very dangerous
Even in the lab and can lead to premature detonation said it's in a cur wild if there was a conspiracy
It had been involved manufacturing the explosives in the Lou as this simply could not have worked in the Lou the process would be quickly and easily
Detected the fumes of the chemicals in the toilet would be smelt by anybody in the area smelt
They dealt it and we smelt it
Oh, did you see that the space shuttle man that got sourced out of this floating debris outside and or what it is
I think it's an evil door zone to or maybe it's a flying sausage
They would also inevitably cause the alarms in the toilet and in the air-change system in the aircraft to be triggered
The pilot has the ability to dump all the air from an aircraft as a firefighting measure leaving people to use oxygen mass
All this means the plants and tech will be detected long before the cues outside the Lou had grown to enormous lengths
the cue and the Lou
How do you like that that means that it goes on it's on our website read it read it in week
You realize by noon we're gonna have over 13 number votes
Excellent, they see even George says excellent, which usually says who cares, you know who cares a crack
Oh, we don't want to read about the dead people in Kirk cook no more that propaganda Neil
Nobody wants you about dead bodies in Iraq. Okay, it's bad. It just propaganda
That's right just more than anti-bush crap that you keep spewing oh, I'm speaking of our friend
Don't don't don't I have a way to read this one
Millford Connecticut a man who claims he had a heart attack during a dispute over an ill-fitting herpes that didn't
Oh, but it matches her color is suing the weight shop
There's nothing worse than an ill-fitting herpes. Oh, you know what I'm saying?
That's correct
Sorry a little slow. Oh, no, let's see. What about that?
The doctor that performed the surgery on
Jay-Peeblis thumb didn't need a same doctor that performed the procedure on your coupé
The doctor who performed the surgery let's think about that. Uh-huh. This is named flying
He was doctor
I don't know who he was do you George Collin?
I'm not sure where he went. Did he go to Holy Cross?
Not sure well bottom line is that the doctors can't tell how long Jay's gonna be out. No, you're not sure somewhere
At least the month could be up to eight weeks somewhere in there while they're the world you're in QM Paul Lewis
Clems he suffered a heart attack that I've been refusing to pay for the hair piece
That was not only the wrong size but also the wrong color he's seeking more than 15 thousand dollars in damages
Lewis filed a counter-suitant superior court after Paul's weak boutique of orange filed a small planx act and seeking twelve dollars in payment for the hair piece
Pooh Lewis claims he fell on December
2004 after Paul would the owner of the wood shop threatened to call police because it refused to pay
Lewis told the Connecticut Post that would sold him the hair piece in a darkened room
And he didn't realize it was the wrong color until later
He said he put a stop on a payment on check issue to the shop would since he had no idea why
The Lewis suffered a heart attack over the incident and that he was so happy with the hair piece when he left the shop
That he hugged me and thanked me she had it that her shop is brightly lit and Lewis left with the hair piece during the day
Well, maybe he'll maybe he'll look with it at the moment but then later on it kind of like
Did that comedian routine, you know?
I want some people used to leave home in the morning. They looked in the mirror and
They look really spiffy, you know, and then it came into work and everybody was like
Like that
1300 and three votes tanks roll into Bangkok Thailand and then rumors of a coup that no one seems to know exactly why that's happening as I mentioned
What does that have to do with who killed John but a tent the tie prime minister?
What does that have to do with why Anna Nicole's kid died?
New York at the UN General Assembly attending those meetings that we are out of way
He looked pretty schmutz you at the time of death anyway, you know, he had that face well
He was done look pretty bad. You don't usually look your best at death, right? You look like I don't know that
Well, you know, I remember a penis looked like when he was dying on the sidewalk here in the eye
I don't know he was Jewish not a good time for people in the diet
You see there's there's only one thing about you know
I mean the females on there didn't take him much anyway like Paula Abdul what does that mean turn coat
But at least when you see the Jewish the males on there it's has one thing when you find out the Jewish you know what I'm saying?
I don't want to get to person. I don't know
You get what it's a certain respect. Uh-huh. Maybe that's why they call them River Phenus
Maybe I'd have whole family who got those bizarre names, you know princess Winterfall summer streaming rain
Walking well, how does Joaquin feel about huh? I don't know very carefully. There were speeches
13 yeah, that that could be it there were some names on there some Julio name there
And it sounded a little bit suspicious to me got a bunch of them but James Franco. There's a good Jewish guy
Circumstance fact Italian Jew I have back here
Our cousin name is Franco. How about a Spanish Jew man? How about Francisco Franco? He won't know Italian
That's right. See he could be a spanner. Could be a human Jew a Jew but he could be we got tons
No, you don't know people are full of Schmidt 790 790 oh don't man. Don't take it first. Oh, Joe 790
Uh-oh hey 308. I hate this pool 97.4 percent that person's a little bit too hot
We don't we take umberds to that. Okay. I think it's a fine pool
I bet you even Sean out there thinks it's a fine pool and even the guy who created the pool thinks it's pretty good me
Kindness 81 and love you know how many people I say the religions are just to be people people people stop
The love yeah full of crap you got it right baby over 60 percent they're on the year
All the time Prime Minister declared a state of emergency is unrested's banged cock should it has been put on him
involving us. What did she say? What were you she said?
I don't know. Oh, she said something been put on him. I heard him it
God first time living in coherence because I probably should be back in bed
Thanks a lot clearance 8 25 this morning. I came in here feeling great after about three minutes with you was like
The biggest name so the best talent
I could have followed too by the way we know I actually don't
This mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q8L
I
Can you just got back today that jerk to you who used to play
Like nobody else neither then anyway
Man, I still think Jerry Jones is crazy the boys are back to clown the boys are going down
I
Said the boys are back to clown there's noise and Dallas
You know that jerk who used to dance a lot every time they got me in zone with a sharpening in his sock
Man he thought he was cool, but he was really not what a joke that terrible lowens
And that time at the Cowboys place when to your dance I'm a little bit what a disgrace
Then I met ran over and got in his face and now he thinks they won't forget it
The boys are back to clown the boys are going down
I said the boys are back to clown there's noise and Dallas down
I said he always been hanging around
This is always renowned
The boys are back to clown that boys are going down
From all three man, he's a real credit. Didn't exist the bus is thinking or something this past weekend. Oh
T.O. Oh, he's not you
I couldn't tie I don't know
I beg your pardon. I was watching a dolphin game man. That's all I was paying attention to
Yeah, but you're in other words you have it you've been listening to this radio station 27. I have okay. Yeah, sure
Well, get with it. These are the kind two things you should know one is all about T.O. and the other one is
That what that part I got oh clear. Yeah 31 to 7 my god. That sounds like a little girls team to me to them
The thing they're playing vassar or some school for to blind this weekend. Would it play in F.I.U? Houston
Oh Houston and F.I.U
No, I thought you still a couple more weeks. No, I'm sorry
Yeah, after they've used to like a real team. I don't think they have any more real teams on the schedule
They don't want to schedule too many real teams on air Donna Scholeley my kid are nickers in the wide because you know something
I think she was right
We didn't want that on her because every games don't have balls. They did not belong on a billboard on that ad campaign
Nice going Donna you idiot you you fair maniac not fooling anybody sweetheart
Maybe she's got balls, but not the hurry cans
Speaking of people without balls when Viacom kingpin some to redstone set a Tom cruises personal conduct as the reason for killing his production to deal with paramount
The 83-year-old moguls candor watch Hollywood
But radar has learned redstone may have let cruise off easy
Especially in light of allegations the actor dispatched goons from the Church of Scientology to intimidate redstones studio chiefed in Brad Gray rhymes with gay
How do you like that?
According to a high-ranking media exec paramount pictures homicill gray had a highly unpleasant one and with a church during his tense
Negotiations with cruise over mission impossible three now remember when Michael Jackson crowd was going on
And he had those goons there
They should have Islam baby. Yeah, Gray who had recently joined the studio
Entered the talks determined to make cruise except the smaller share of the gross revenues
Then he had from the first to installments in the franchise for those films the actor reportedly took home and unheard of
30% of the total revenue
Leaving the office one night the diminutive gray walking to his car in the permaulat suddenly found himself surrounded by more than a dozen
Scientologists wow who pressured him to ease up on the actor court of the source
How do you like that? See Tommy's got his butte buddies. He may not be so watch to himself
He's got his butch bunk butt buddies, baby tough guys. It doesn't ever. Yeah
Not took a dozen this guy's about three feet tall this gray guy
Following a tourist exchange the visitors allowed gray to get into his car leave
But the message was clear like Joey Zazai, you know, send a message
Though he was unnerved by the incident sources say gray stood his ground after protracting negotiations
Cruise eventually agreed to a less generous deal
Neither gray nor permaul responded to repeated queries
But they spoke something from the churches Scientology disputes the report saying the church has nothing to do with anybody's business affairs
But to many Hollywood veterans the incident is reminiscent of another recent back-lot battle in the late 90s
John Prawolta who is still there in the closet with Tommy and with our Kelly
Lobby'd reluctant former Fox studio chief Bill mechanic to produce. Oh, I wonder he was came to a mykin mechanics
Lobby'd reluctant former Fox studio chief Bill mechanic to produce battlefield earth the science fiction snicker based on a story by
Scientology founder Elrana Hubbub
He had scientists all over a Scientologist all over me mechanical radar last year
They come up to you and they know who you are despite the religion's reputation for intimidating its enemies
Mechanic like gray was unsuwayed
You think in any way shape or form that weirding me out is gonna make me want to make this movie
He said and of course the answer is we sure hope not
How do you like that?
John Prawolta another closet case
You're getting crowded in there, you know
God
Miss Farge is hanging out in there
Condom Pisa and colder with a big Adam Zappel. I bet you they're having a real gay old time in there and our Kelly
Got a bus a few caption a few haids pretty soon
In fact, you know something he might just take a page out of those good religious people
You know it if they if they piss them off enough. I think inside the closet. He might just kill some people
1324 we got one two three four again, but it's in river in the strange order. Don't confuse Willis now
He went to you in most religious people are full of Schmidt
797
60.1 percent. They're full. I hate three 15 either one take your choice. I hate this full 98 too bad. We love it
I wonder if that's you think that's the Jesus crowd the God squad or just you know all of us the usual mouth contents
They're full of kindness 83 well, when are they gonna start to give it out? I guess they're gonna do it out slowly
And full of love 31 oh yeah the Lord Jesus loves you. Huh? Let us show you in fact the Catholic church
They like showing you with like a little hands on love. Yeah, it's for healing but laying on of hands
Yeah, oh he is not supposed to put your hands on breakfast. That's beside the point
deadly harvest patricobr in an eva tear rice the Lebanese fields sewn with cluster bombs. That's the lesbian ease
It says the war leviton hasn't ended every day some of the minion bomblets which were fired by his way
Or till we're doing last three days at the conflict kill four people in southern leviton and wound many more every day
The casually figures will rise sharply in the next month as villagers begin to harvest picking olives from trees whose leaves and branches
Hide bombs that explode at the smallest movement
Leviton's farmers are caught in a deadly dilemma to risk the harvest or leave the produce on which they depend to rot in the fields
In a coma in a hospital bed in other the allies who say all all the off-mod
Well, I tell you they need some help with them names, you know a 70 year old man from the village of Yomur
He was pruning an orange tree outside his house last week when he dislodged a bomblet
It exploded sending pieces of strep down into his brain. I know he can hear me because he squeezes my hand when I talk to him
Said his daughter Suwad as she said to his side her father's bed in the hospital
At least 83 people have been killed by cluster munitions since the ceasefire court to independent monitors
Some Israeli officers are protesting the use of cluster bombs each containing
644 small but lethal bomblets against the minion targets in lesbian on a commander in the MLRS multiple launch rocket systems
Totally Israeli daily harrots that the army had fired 1800 cluster rockets spraying 1.2 million bomblets over houses and fields
In Leviton recovered entire villages with cluster bombs
He said what we did there was crazy and monstrous
What makes the cluster bombs so dangerous is that the 30%
About 30 men of the bomblets don't let they then impact they can lie for years
Often difficult to see because of their small size on roofs in gardens in trees besides rows or in rubbish waiting to explode when disturbed
Maybe even in somebody's dome in Novotea the modern 100-bit government hospitals received 19 victims of cluster bombs since the end of the war
As we arrived the new patient off-mod sub-os if they need help of those names either the first name is off-mod or their land
One of the middle name off-mod off-mod
Mohammed and lab technician at the hospital was being rushed into the emergency room a burly man of 45 who's unconscious on a stretcher
That's burly man not burly man
Earlier in the morning he had gone up to the flat roof of his house to check the water tank while there
He must have touched the pile of logs. He was keeping for winter fires as a message for our new kids out there
Don't touch your log
Unknown to him a bomblet had fallen to the wood pile a month earlier the logs shielded him from the full force of the blast
But when we saw him doctors were still trying to find out the extent of his injuries
For us the war is still going on though
There was a ceasefire on 14 August that Dr. Hassan was needed director of the hospital
If the cluster bombs at all exploded at the time they landed it wouldn't be so bad
But they're still killing and maiming people
The bomblets may be small but they exploded with devastating force on the morning of the ceasefire
Tadi Hatab and 11-year-old boy was brought dying to the hospital
He must have been holding the bomb close to him dr. Wasney said it blew off his hands and legs and the lower part of his body
We went to you a more defined were Hussein Ali Ahmed have received his terrible wounds while pruning his orange tree
The village is at the end of a broken road six miles north of nevetea
It is overlooked by the ruins of Beaufort, Kassel a crusader fortress on a ridge above the deep valley along which the latani river runs
Israeli bombs and shells have turned about a third of the houses and you'll more into concrete sandwiches
One for a falling on top of another under the impact of explosions some families camp in the ruins
Villagers said that they were most worried by the cluster bombs still infesting their gardens, roofs and fruit trees
In the village street were the wide vehicles of the Manchester-based mines advisory group whose teams are trying to clear the bomblets
It's not an easy job especially without Diana
Whenever members of one of the mag team finds and removes a bomb that they put a stick painted red on top
And then yellow in the ground there are so many of these sticks it looks as if some sinister planet taken route and is flourishing in the village
kind like the
Donald Sutherland movie there invasion of the body snack
The cluster bombs all ended in the last days of the worst had new horror hijazi a surprisingly cheerful 65 year old woman
There were 35 on the roof of our house and 200 in our garden so we can't visit our olive trees
He said people knew more depend on their olive trees and the harvest should begin now before the rains
But the trees are still full of bomblets
My husband and I can make 20 cans of oil a year which we need to sell Ms. hijazi said now
We don't know what to do the sheer number of their bomblets makes it almost impossible to move them all
Fred Redgrass a demining expert formerly in the French Navy who's leading the mag teams in new morsez in the year in North of
Italy La Tanya river you have three or four people being killed every day by cluster bombs
These really army knows that 30% of them all of these things that third man
Do not explode at the time that they're fired so they become anti-personnel mines
Why do these really army do it?
The number of cluster bombs fired must have been greater than 1.2 million because in addition to those far down rockets
Many more were fired in 155 milliliters artillery shells
One Israeli gunner said he'd been told the flood the area which they were firing was given no specific targets
Mr. Grass who personally defuses 16 to 100 bomblets today
Since this is the first time you've seen cluster bombs used against heavily populated villages
An editorial in Haar answered that the mass use of this weapon by the Israeli defense forces was a desperate last minute
Attempt to stop his volas rocket firing to northern Israel whatever the reason for the bombardment the villagers in South Lebanon will suffer
Definitory from cluster bombs as they pick their olives in oranges for years to come that will teach you my finger to a
He can go attack Israel. We met with us again. No mole
1340 votes on the poll it is scandalous
The biggest name of death talent is this wheel roger
Force radio 560
You
Fence of pal manure covers over this performance by the Dalton
Oh my god, Miami has the dolphins there the worst football team. Uh-huh. They flood the ball from goal to goal
Like no one's ever seen
Around the ground that's where they'll stay there never in control and when you say Miami
You're talking toilet folders there that Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number
I'm 18 in the league. Curried to Miami dolphin
Miami dolphins
Don't bet on them. You'll always lose
They don't know how to tackle. They don't know how to block their coaches or to tell them to but then they in their jocks
Then they would run much faster and even in defeat when we go to the stadium
We'll see Miami. He and there the Miami dolphin
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number how many teams in the league?
I'm
Miami dolphins
The team that hasn't got a clue
Miami has the dolphins but the dolphins have no fans just 50,000
Sitting in the stands they watch the game and all they do is mone and gripe and bitch
I wonder how joe robby got the piece of
Amrich and there the Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number how many teams in the league?
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
I hear the crowd begin to
The dolphins have their feet worth that quarter facts at you
Run down the field and he will blow a pass over you
I'll never win a super bowl. You shouldn't be surprised when he gets cut
That doesn't mean that he was certain size and there the Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number how many teams in the league?
I'm ready to
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Jake calls his signals in he room
But dolphins have no defense and their offense is a joke
Like George Bush eating pretzels
You know they're gonna choke
They'll always just support you when they're in a playoff race
With fewer points and park marks on high zingas ugly face and there the
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number how what the hell
32 Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins now their
through
Including those in the Muslim world. Yeah, there you go
The dolphins getting beat the teams in the Muslim world. I don't like that. There's your present at the UN
Looking like the bozo they really is talking out of the corner of his mouth like John Critchin
You only wish you had John Critchin. I'll tell you that right now when leaders are accountable to the Indians had Critchin
Look what you got and look what we got now. Oh my god
13. I read 58 votes on that pool
So I had to have Google list because obviously Miguel is useless for anything outside who did offense play this week?
Could they're gonna lose two? Oh, they're gonna get their ass kicked. I know the Patriots played Denver
I think Denver scored what six points Sunday. Sure
Bronco you you know anything that's going on beside the freaking dolphins in the teens the kings in the dolphins
The fish in the swish. So all you know man. It's all I know all you know is Castro and the fish
And his bag of the brother
That's the whole anyway the headline on the story says Owens finger screwed and I'm thinking well wouldn't be the first time
Terrell Owens man hope
Terrell Owens played in the Super Bowl for Phil Padoffia
Seven weeks after getting a plate and several screws put in his ankle now
He's hoping another plate and three more screws in his right hand
We'll let him play against the Eagles on October the 8th
Owens had a plate screwed into his broken right ring finger during an operation last night
As recovered time is expected at two to four weeks
Luckily to do all he can to rejoin Dallas in 20 days to as much anticipated return to Phil Padoffia
Oh, yeah, cowboys are off Sunday then they played Tennessee before the game against the Eagles
Oh, he's about to give me schwilky's man almost as much as and for most the peace but not quite
Forrest labor for Palestinian children Israeli prison here you go again with more than proper ganderman
Kinsy Kisopta is real a little bit Neil and no no kissy kissy baby
Call up Steve came and see if he can be a little more Jewish
That was one of the great calls in the history of talk radio
Steve can you be a little more chewy from some alpha boobitsky no doubt
Many Palestinian children Israeli telemon prisoner being exploited by forced labor in which they must work eight hours for a few
Shekels as reported by the prisoners information center
One of the children made a statement after his release the prison administration is forced all prisoners in a telemon prison
Work eight hours for Larry the very low wages
It went on to save the Israeli soldiers came to the chambers at seven and forces to go with our legs tied with chains
The child out of his job was to stand under guard and packed plastic spoons in boxes
Even injured political prisoners are forced to work on to friday's nabeless based report a former prisoner
Staved I had a broken bone, but the soldiers forced me out of my cell to work anyway without any consideration for the pain
There are about three hundred and seventy five Palestinians in telemon prison with most of them being children
The oldest Palestinian telemon is 22 years old the child laborers are given two meals per every 24 hours
One at 11 p.m. Another at six in the a.m. His radio prison officials also attempt to extract information from children
Regarding members of the armed resistance and engaging frequent psychological abuse
According to the information center there are 200 children less than 16 years old in Israeli prisons being subjected to some of the worst forms of exploitation and humiliation
A total of 376 Palestinian children currently in prison in Israeli prisons and detention camp
I'm sure they're being abused lightly. Wouldn't you think there shouldn't have attacked Israel there you go that'll teach him
Who now? Let's see who wrote that. Oh, this is in the Bangladesh's independent news source. No, wait a minute
Is this is I and did I want to do oh, yeah, that's enough of your anti-Israel propaganda anyway
George puts me up to those anyway. He sends me those stories. No, that's right. That's me not
A bravely serving side by side with you against the extremists who want to bring down the free government you've established
Yeah, there you go
pop pop pop pop pop peep peep peep peep peep peep and the fact that he's got five points in a poll now in the USA
Gallup hold that a to 44 percent. What does that tell you Zyan America baby? You got it. Just like Doug Thompson says in ashamed of embarrassed and humiliated
God oh, this article about the pope
From the Bangladesh independent news source. I guess you got to save it after the break even it was very short
I don't want to like rush through it you understand I'll do. I do rush
Although I could use some drugs if I got drugs I'd feel fine
So what's the answer to my question about that account this morning about Chris A.R.?
See, this is the thing about him. He's just non-responsive, you know?
It would be one thing if I was asking him to find $100 bills on cherry trees in the backyard or something,
or $5,000 bills on the back of a orange or a citrus tree.
But the fact that it matters, he asks very simple questions and you don't get a bad answer. You don't get any answer.
How the hell are you?
That's the QMF and Wade, baby. This guy is no real contender, but non-compas-weenness.
He's like that Chinese guy, man. Non-compas-weenness.
The biggest name, the best talent, the fastest wheel-roachers, 4th radio, 560, QAM.
Oh my god, your breaths are beautiful.
Coming up tonight, I'm inside and behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story.
They were the first supergroup of the 80s. It was an incredibly heavy burden to bear.
Although compared to, say, global warming, not that big a deal.
They were Asia.
I, boy, have to the gate. We were number one. But our second album died completely.
What happened? The police and Michael Jackson. That's what happened.
Founding member Steve Howe was not prepared for Thriller and Synchronicity.
Two albums that so dominated the 1984 charts as to crush a lesser more annoying band, LaGasia.
Sting reflects on those heavy days.
Yeah, we really had a...
Oh god, you're singing. You get back in, Steve Howe and face me like a man.
For the past 25 years, Steve Howe has been lying in wait for Sting.
Never missing an opportunity to pop out from behind the building and punish him for ruining Asia's Kansas at success.
As for Michael Jackson, Howe's carried out a similar systematic plan to topple him in revenge for outselling Asia's sophomore ever.
LAPD, I may help you.
Yes, hello, I'm an adolescent boy and Michael Jackson dodged me.
Who is this?
Hello?
Well, I guess we better investigate the insane as allegations.
Asia, so afraid of blame themselves, they lash out at others.
Hey, just like the White House.
It's a big juicy, sub-inglet-look at show business tonight.
What do you say about Michael Jackson?
We better investigate these insane as allegations, isn't that what he said?
1233 at 516.
And he's still hawking a china-thirt the UN.
And there's condom pleases in there with a blank stomach on her face.
Well, and there's John Bolton next to you with a big ugly mustache.
Oh, my God.
What a joke.
A state emergency has been declared should be in the US.
I should have a state emergency while we're watching this.
But in Thailand, as what is widely thought to be military coup progresses in Bangkok,
Thailand's government with an explanation, according to accounts by witnesses,
oh, too bad John Mark Harp couldn't be there to see it.
Witnesses are reportedly told news.
In fact, he's probably behind us, when you think.
I imagine.
Witnesses are reportedly told news agencies that the tanks inexplicably arrived
when the street protest against Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra were followed by army TV broadcasts
of pictures of the royal family and songs associated with past military coups.
Kukukuchu.
I'd like to have Bangkok under a severe state of emergency Shinawatra said today from the
U.N.
Always at the U.N. listening to Bush.
It's a choice as well.
That makes me pretty revolting in itself.
Soon after the Thai military and police announced an arrest message to media, they are in control,
kind like Alexander Hague, I'm in control here at the White House, and have set up a commission for political reform.
It's unclear currently whether this means the military believes that C's control is acting in behalf of the Prime Minister's government.
Like, here are the sirens in the back here, where even here, the sirens are going off.
Shinawatra is planning to be turned to Bangkok on Thursday.
General election scheduled for the nation for October 15th.
You know what happens when the election schedule? All hell breaks loose.
Just like it's going to break loose between November 7th.
Even though the journey demands courage.
Oh, and when you're leaving before I get to that other thing about the only mean-minded religious leader
can spread hatred before I get to that.
Your least favorite company in the world, I think.
Walmart?
Yeah.
The nation's largest retailer and biggest employer Walmart will begin a program next week that will provide voter
registration and educational materials to the company's 1.3 million employees.
The Capitol Hill newspaper, The Hill Reports today.
The Arkansas-based companies come under fire from labor union and democratic leaders over Asia such as hourly wages, legal status of employees, benefits given to the company's workers, and the fact that there are a bunch of grave robbers.
Democratic politicians, including minority leader Harry Reid, have criticized Walmart.
And it's personnel policies.
Walmart representatives insist the campaign is nonpartisan.
Right.
Walmart's voter registration education programs could be among the biggest in the country.
Now not as big as those of its labor union opponents, the AFL-CIO for example has got nearly 13 million members.
The company's decision appears to be a response to several high profile Democrats including Harry Reid.
And 42008 Democratic presidential hopefuls who participated in a labor organized anti-Walmark campaign this summer.
And good for them.
You go boys, girls.
Whatever you might be.
What's kind of pleasing to me.
Do you want me to go party?
I'm going to party.
You want me to go around.
You want me to go around.
You want me to go around.
Did you see that?
No.
She's lost, baby.
I think there was something really symbolic about that.
She did a week in the garage.
She was like spinning around in circles.
Remember that song?
Will it go around in circles?
Who did that?
Billy Preston.
Billy Preston, we've been through that before when you got it.
I know what you can do it.
Yeah, she was wondering about it.
She couldn't find the door out, man.
She couldn't find her ass with your hands, that bitch.
Condom, please, in my ass.
Masky looking, get to the spike.
What a talker, huh?
Very nice.
That was excellent.
Nice job, Neal.
I'm about to sing it to my friends.
Okay, she was spinning around in circles like a dreidel.
Wrong holiday, sweetheart.
That's a Chanukah time, bitch.
1393 votes, man.
This audience is just all brawl going to burn the hell together.
The show continues in hell, by the way.
That's my punishment.
No, my punishment is the show continues in hell.
And I can read no more articles.
I've got to take all four hours a day.
Miguel B. Listen, he'll be there.
Fidel, make sure that.
Fidel, make sure that all the anti-cans do what people do to hell.
That's probably what there's off-mending ad.
There'll be a leader's lunch.
But I mean, but I'll put about a leader's lunch,
but I'm sure that they're not going to be in their full awful together.
Only a mean-minded religious leader can spread hatred rights to somebody.
Does anybody have a name on it?
No, it's just an editorial in Bangladesh's New Nation newspaper.
It said, the best review among Muslim vaches would have been just to ignore them
contemptuously for their insanity, but that's not the way religious people react.
Oh, good religious people, right? They kill some people.
One may differ and say that if anti-Muslim rugs are to be taken so rationally,
then the religion itself will have lost its appeal and deeper meanings.
What are the deeper meanings?
The remarks that they had of the Roman Catholics worldwide,
Pope Benedict XVI is facing anger of Muslims all over the world over his remarks against Islam.
Maybe the one on the phone is reading him again, no tell me another package.
Maybe the Pope has been used taking advantage of his ignorance
when he said not from his own knowledge or conviction,
according a 14th century Byzantine emperor,
showed just what Muhammad brought that was new,
and they will find things only evil and inhuman,
such as the command spread by the sword the faith he preached.
What is most ignorant is that a head of religion had to quote an ancient emperor
to make the wrong attire remarks against another religion.
The Pope could have relied on his own knowledge of religions
and speak about the virtues of his own religion,
no wonder many are attacking his ignorance
than any motive behind such reference to what an ancient Byzantine emperor said about Islam.
It is natural that Muslim anger is growing at the Pope.
Oh yeah, Muslims demand an apology from him for anti-Islam comments.
It has now been issued that Pope Benedict XVI
never intended any offense to Muslim religion.
The truth is many well-meaning ignorant persons have done many evils over the long history of mankind.
The world has to catch them to watch them carefully and stop them before it's too late. Stop them!
What must not be ignored is that Muslims are a brave people
and they constitute the second largest religion in the world.
Attracities and emulation against Muslims must not be taken lightly.
If the world has to be made a safe place that people belonging to other religions
must learn to be civilized with Muslims,
Islam is a religion of peace. Right.
But at the same time, Islam is against injustices and servitude.
Muslims will fight state terrorism against them
no matter how powerful that state is militarily.
Watch out for that Vatican army, baby. That's swish guard.
Swish guard over.
It says conspiracy against Islam is a wrong path for peace.
Those who are following the wrong path are paying a heavy price.
It sounds like a not so availed threat to me
from people who know their evils.
In fact, I think their favorite singer is Jerry Vail.
1403, oh that phone's ringing again.
The biggest name of the best talent to visit is Neil Rogers.
Forced Radio 560, you A.M.
Absolutely.
Back in the day when someone was wrong
we didn't take their cry.
In Pearl Harbor, or when the Jams dropped their bombs
we bombed and bad.
And now the Saudis, they hit us hard.
And on our hearts our little flags wave.
Has that Saudi love and retard voice of bombers the wrong way?
And on embarrassed to be in America
where they follow books like cheese.
The United States of arrogance
and by Bush and his family
breathing at the concrete.
Able to take off his face and I disagree.
I don't want to be a Pax America.
In the USA.
What's a few thousand innocent lives
stop living in the past.
If you want that SUV to drive
you're gonna need more gas.
It's the greatest country in the world.
They train us through the lead
and anyone who says that obviously
ends up for to be.
And on embarrassed to be in America
where we take triadically
wave a flag in one hand with our head in the sand
and blindly follow the powers that be at the head.
I'm watching State for News on a 65-inch screen.
Scratcher, fire, everything's okay.
Let's try to follow Scott and head for time to change the world.
USA.
He got a thing to think about, God balls.
What does it say?
Custy.
1488 votes on a pole baby.
We're gonna make over 1,500 by two o'clock today.
If it's the last damn thing we do.
We got Jim Mad Dog Man that you two.
Boy, that's in that grade.
Yeah, I think that we belong to two o'clock.
It is great.
It is real.
The power hour.
Time to take a good shower with Hank and a Mad Dog.
Don't drop the soap though.
I'm sure they use body wash.
Four to five.
You know what's the good body wash?
What's that?
Dial.
But not the anti-bacterial one.
Don't get the anti-bacterial anything man.
It causes bacteria.
I like my apricots with the scrubbing.
No, that's good.
Scrubbing.
But this is also got those things in it.
Oh, does it?
Yeah.
I like that.
It's blue.
I'll look and see what it did.
But it's blue and it's got like, it's like kind of a medium blue
and it's got dark blue little moisture beads in it.
And it does make you smell like a fruit.
No.
Get out of here.
What I wear stuff like that?
Well, the apricot.
The hump or five to six.
And then that doesn't make you smell like a fruit.
What's an apricot?
But then maybe you smell like one.
It's a chip.
No, it's not.
Hump or five to six, thirty five.
Marlins on deck.
Well, that's a good, a big audience.
Marlins, so the season is just about over.
Thank God.
They had a hell of a job.
They gave it a heck of a shot.
And they fell a little bit short.
That's all like that Chinese guy.
They were a little bit short.
Marlins at the match, seven, ten, and I.
Any care for that.
I see it still says sporting news.
There's no work on here, but are we getting the SPN radio?
Oh, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
What did I miss on a very jackass?
Remember we had that thing about his in today's hero?
Mm-hmm.
My mom and plays.
By the way, the phone was that they're fine.
They're coming today at two o'clock to fix that glass.
That's the sliding glass.
That's the little of the mave broke.
And she finally admitted that she broke.
Left the note here like it was my fault.
Who are you kidding, honey?
You illegal alien.
I'm going to have you sent right back to Somalia.
Why is it that no matter where you live,
the service center, all illegal aliens.
One of those things.
I wonder what kind of service they have in Somalia.
Canadians.
Let's see.
Let me see this sports thing.
Oh, I got these rules on the QAM, right?
Right.
Oh, it's figured that before I get...
I got some good stuff here.
Even Miguel might listen to what I doubt.
Is he left yet?
Oh, wait a minute.
Oh, here we go.
Disappointed self-order fans speak to their piece.
Oh, this is about the...
Oh, are we cursed down here?
That's what it is.
I thought I had something to do with the radio stations.
So we could pick on poor Joel Feinberg again.
I'm sorry, Joel.
I won't do it again till I feel like it.
You jackass.
You loser.
Loser with a big, big ale man.
You guys suck your bad.
And that Jimmy Cifalus.
Jimmy!
You're fair.
We hit serious.
Man, can you imagine Rick Weaver just rolling in his grave.
Would Jimmy Cifalus do an adult squeaking his way through the dolphin games?
Mm-hmm.
Mr. Weaver would be really peered.
I think he is.
On a queer streak right now.
Oh, there's simply kid Rosenberg's theme, crants.
Look at that.
Once again, the hero keeps trying to prop them up.
Fielding calls.
Seven-nighter to ticket host Sid Rosenberg, crants.
Loses to callers complaining about their team's Monday.
Oh, poor baby.
Whaaat!
A lot of day likes you so much yesterday.
We were the only alternative not to here in Waaat all day.
Brian Costa writes in a hero this morning,
Disappointed self-order fans speak to their piece.
Fans commiserate on sports talks.
Show us about the threesome of the feats.
Listeners ask, who do I go to to complain?
Oh, go to the Lord.
Go to...
They'll come!
Go to hell.
You children.
Sour losers, man.
Like the leaf slots, their first exhibition gave them a buffalo for nothing less.
That I sat here sick as a dog, watching the whole thing.
They stunk.
Am I complaining about it today?
You bet.
They stink.
It says, if seven-nighter to ticket was looking to capture the mood of South Florida.
Oh, this is all about seven-nighter.
This ain't about us.
There's a little hammer in there.
A little hammer, huh?
What do you eat now?
What a pig, a cookie.
If seven-nighter to ticket was looking to capture the mood,
another one bites the dust by queen.
Oh, queen!
You fairy!
And tanks!
And all this other crap.
So went today at Miami Sports Talk radio stations where fans called in to mourn lament.
And I said the most disastrous combined stuff for the sports weekend and recent memory.
Now, I remember that other one, man.
When they had two big games, it wasn't that long ago either.
And the hurricanes got their ass whipped and the dolphins lost bad.
Let's see.
Yeah, I think they all went in.
And the Marlins blew the forward legandas right there.
They were at seven or three in the...what?
Love and sitting?
Perfect.
Tense or love and sitting next to the innings.
And then the brace were at five runs in the bottom of the inning.
Thanks to that grotesque error.
And the brace kicked their ass.
Oh, bad.
It says some fans were able to vent directly to their team such as those who booed down the
culp pepper and the dolphins on Sunday.
And he played another neat game to me, especially that nice interception there near the end.
Or the lone fan who had to be stopped by police as he'd be raided you...
Ha, ha!
Oh, as he'd be raided you and Mathletic director Paul B after the hurricanes lost at Louisville
on Saturday.
This is South Florida, baby.
If you don't win every game, we hate you!
Yo, suck!
And just so perfect, man.
It is perfect.
Brothers, there was sports radio.
WQM56, you remember us.
I'm glad that whoever this shill, this Brian Costa, remember the fact that we, you know,
we got like 50,000 times their audience and seven-ity the ticket which has a working relationship
with a hero.
Oh, I see.
No kidding.
No Schmidt could have fooled me.
Not.
Callers in the data of the stations with complaint on issues ranging from UM Coach Larry
Cochlear's job say as he's only 100 years old.
How old is he, you know, about 80 or so?
96.
To when the dolphins offensive boarder Mike Malarkey should direct the offense from the
silent on the quotient, but that sounds like a bunch of Malarkey to me.
Larry Cochlear is very business-like and very nice.
I don't like that, it says, John Lupo 40 in on QAM.
Jesse Limon, 25, talking about Culfeper on the ticket said, the guy looked like a schmuck.
What kind of a comment is that?
Is that some kind of a racial remark?
He didn't say what color schmuck, oh I see.
Michael Ciairelli, 40, said of the dolphins, it's terrible.
It's terrible.
Oh, you don't think reminds me of?
What?
It's terrible.
Oh.
It's just these guys, Nick and Suds and whatever the heck it is.
And the people I call in, they're just like them, like they were on the water court, the
weeds and they're high and they're high, I mean it's terrible.
It's the years that I've been looking at, listening to 610 and I'm going to see it.
Now this year, what's it under?
Oh, what's it under?
Nippin Suds.
I thought you were asking, what was that popping and puking its in the call?
Oh, Nippin Suds.
Got it?
The call was represented only a tiny fraction of all fans and of course you do in terms of
fans, Lucy, because in South Florida you can't find very many real fans.
Just a bunch of, yeah, yeah.
Perhaps the most distraught fraction, but there were enough in the Monday to keep the talk
shows lively it says.
John Copp who co-produces Hank Goldberg's afternoon show on QAIM said the volume of calls
Monday was high even for a typical day after a dolphin loss.
We don't even have to ask for calls to give out the number of coves said, well guess what,
we don't on this show either.
Before going on the year, several callers said sports radio was a form of therapy for
them, a place to release pen-up frustration after any depressing weekend.
So I deserve this puppy.
Let's take you yesterday.
This is their lives.
Okay.
What are your people trying to say?
I have no right.
We know that.
If that isn't the most pathetic thing.
Who do I go to, Tommy Bush in 53 said, well, wait a minute, go on the ticket.
Wayne Heisenga, he's not going to listen.
Who do I go to?
Because your team sucks.
Go to hell.
One fan called Rose, although it didn't say Joe just Rose.
Isn't like Rose Folger like it's the first name.
Joe Rose I'm assuming.
And reminded listeners it was only football and said, stop for it and you just enjoy watching
it.
Quit being a bunch of babies.
Yeah, it never says Joe Rose at any point in a year and all of a sudden here's just Rose.
Yeah, that.
Where does it say that before I read Joe Rose?
I probably skipped over it.
Get out of here.
It doesn't say, oh yeah, Joe Rose began the South Florida Great Depression continues.
One fan, another color during Rose's show began by saying he was on the beach.
It was gloomy and continuing coherently for about a minute before Rose got him off.
We're going to have to put that guy in suicide watch.
Rose produces Zach transcript off the air.
Hey, watch your back, Zach.
Let's see, it's been a week, but it will, but about there's nothing interesting in this.
The volume of calls delighted the radio stations, but the level of criticism became exhausting,
even for the host to agree with it.
As he left the ticket studio after a show Monday, Rose rubbed his hand across his forehead and exhaled,
I can only do so much negative stuff he said I really can.
But I mean, he won't be over there very long.
That whole experience over there is pretty negative.
He wants out of there. I'm hearing.
Well, we didn't hear that member.
Of course, maybe not anymore, but I know who was it he was feuding with real bad.
He was feuding with somebody.
Guppetard.
What was Dan LaBaxter, the hated each other like poison?
Well, anybody that doesn't hate Dan LaBaxter, it's got to be an idiot, which is why we're dead.
That's when we dropped the booster, man.
When we discovered that those two were really, really tight and were like,
we're consorting together, doing God only knows what those two.
What?
1432 votes.
Most religious people are full of crap.
Schmidt, 863, over, still over 60%.
Seen in a God's glove, can't get it under 60.
People make up these silly ass bubble-mizing these ridiculous fairy tales.
Well, you know, just stop and think about it, okay?
Okay.
The yesterday that it was shown on NBC News at the end of the year,
did you see the segment about the Pandabairs?
No.
And the NBC reported that they were falling on him in a whole cute seat.
It was cute.
Now, what had God invented Pandabairs for, huh?
To eat the bamboo.
Now, is that it?
Somebody's got to eat it.
Now, they're trying to eat the bamboo shoots.
The Muslims just shoot and they, uh, yeah,
and they're trying to eat the bamboo shoots.
They like the shoots, too.
Hate 348.
I hate this pull, 191.
See, 7%.
Probably religious to getchies.
Probably good God-faring people.
You know what?
We fear the God-faring people like crazy.
Be afraid.
Kindness, 87.
Fuller kindness, oh yeah.
One's that, and love only 33.
Solvented train to trace.
That's pathetic.
33 out of 1,432 votes.
Only 33 people say religious people are full of love.
Yeah.
Full of love.
I think they have a strange way of showing them.
The biggest name.
The best talent to visit real Rodgers.
42560.
You A.M.
Boy, it's the one to two hour.
Nightly, you're seated.
That's okay.
I guess those big, raining stands have just begun.
I guess that's why you're rankering.
They want no more.
I guess they want no more.
I guess they want no more.
I guess they want no more.
I guess they want no more.
I guess they want no more.
I guess they want no more.
I guess they want no more.
I guess they want no more.
I guess they want no more.
I guess they want no more.
I would say Washington Katie Kuerrick doing news on the evening news on CBS is almost.
It's like about a half a step away from watching people play poker.
How many of those shows are on now?
That's all the way to the poker.
About a thousand people shows all over the place.
The World Series are poker.
I guess I couldn't have mentioned it because it was not yesterday.
They had the Super Saturday CBS Sports Spectacular.
And while it was the first segment that they had under in the sportsmen, people playing poker.
Is a sport?
Sport my ass baby.
1446 votes on a pool.
Now you mentioned this to me before the show today.
I never thought I would mention it but there's part of this that you weren't aware of.
Mickey Hargady Dying.
Yeah.
Actor in World Champion Bodybuilder in a real big ugly guy who was married in the 50s to sex,
Iron Jane Mansfield.
I tell you she wasn't, she had blonde hair and she had huge boobs.
That's right.
And that was about it.
She was reading that for her pretty.
Anyway, he was married to her in the 50s and whose daughter is any winning actress,
Mariska Hargady has died.
He was 80.
He didn't know about Mariska.
Sure did.
I never heard of her.
What did she do?
She Jewish.
And everybody?
She ever do what's his name?
Barry Watson?
No.
Barry Watson.
What else she got to do with Barry Watson?
I don't know.
Barry Watson, my ass.
James Franco.
Who down needs Barry Watson when you got James Franco?
I don't know.
I never see it again.
Why did you do that?
You know, why do you have to burst out in bubble like that?
That looks so gay.
Oh, God.
That's why.
Yeah, but you know, Jesus, the posture is the way he's standing.
That one was from Teen Beat.
Yeah, well.
Feated.
Hargady died in third day in L.A.
according to a family statement.
He should Monday through a public's scary Montouche.
Oh, the Montouche family is upset.
The cost of death wasn't released.
Words cannot express how saddened we are by the loss of making the statement said.
Yadayani, he was born Mick Loish, high-argaday in 26th,
immigrated from his native Hungary to the US after WWII.
He became interested in bodybuilding in the 50s, kind of like Arnold,
and was named Mr. Universe, Mr. Merk and Mr. Olympian in 1955.
But didn't stick around long enough to sell those juicers like the Juicy Man.
Jack O'Layne.
My dad's a bit of a superhero, Mariska told the National Public Radio show,
Fresh Air last year.
He partly disperfect physique into performing career when
May West happened to be one of the muscle men in her stage show.
I shouldn't know that.
I did not.
It was there that Hargaday met Mansfield, whom he married in 1957.
At same year, he made his big screen debut in slaughter on 10th Avenue.
He went on to star opposite his wife in three films.
The loves of Hercules, promises promises and will success for Rock Hunter.
Yay!
A couple of three children together, including Mariska before divorcing in 64,
Mansfield died in the car crash in 1967.
Governor Arnold Schwartz, and I grew played Hargaday in the 82 TV movie The Jane Mansfield
story, offered his condolences.
How do you like that?
Arnold offered his condolences, and I think he feels so much better about
all of it.
What if not?
Fony Baloney, Groper, Monroe, New York.
Where in hell's Monroe, New York?
There must be like a writing gesture.
No, it's not.
Now, see how close to show you?
My writing gesture is in Monroe County.
See, I should know something about that.
You know what, if anybody.
I could look right across Lake Ontario right out there.
It is right there's Pittsburgh.
Oh, there's Tom Carvelle.
Now, he's from Jersey time.
Carvelle still dead.
Monroe, New York school officials apologized after next
rated font was used on a third grade spelling packet handed out to
parents.
And one of the religion is they're having a nervous
minute.
The font showed mail and female stick figures in provocative poses
to form letters in the alphabet.
And I think some of them were sticking it.
Officials with the Monroe Woodbury School District in Orange County
apologized last week at Pine Tree Elementary School.
And after parents were given the spelling packet in open
house, administrators said the teacher did not use the font
intentionally.
Oh, I see Monroe's about 45 more than a miles
northwest of New York City.
Well, thank God they weren't doing that in Rochester.
Good upstanding folks in Rochester.
Do you believe me?
Sure, whether.
For white people still live there in Brighton.
Speaking of upstanding people, too bad Josh is out sick today.
But I think I'm having a real abstract.
So, go to the clearance.
And it sales manager years.
What a what a hard-ass man.
What a simple question.
Now, who is the Ae on that?
If you don't want to deal with it, find out who the Ae is.
And it will deal with it.
OK, and get some real copy.
Can't do it.
In other words, no matter what it is that we need.
Can't do it, Pally.
Whatever, whatever.
Fill in the blank.
Can't do it, Pally.
Test you'll be embarrassed.
A former Department of Homeland Security press aide
pleaded no contest today.
The charges that he had a sexual explicit online relationship
with an undercover sheriff detective posing as a teenage girl.
Brian J. Doyle, 56, resigned from the Department
shortly after the short of after example 4 rest.
Now, it faces up to five years in prison
under the plea agreement that the eal calls for up to 10 years
probation and requires you out of register
as a sex offender for the rest of his life.
Circuit Judge J. Doyle Durand,
schedule sentencing for November 17.
I just want to say one thing,
Doryl Todor, reporters outside the Polk County Courthouse
in central Florida after the hearing.
I'm very, very sorry.
Very sorry.
That's three very good.
No, but your man's free on $230,000.
He's very sorry that it was a sheriff's
to take it.
That's about a teenage girl that he got caught.
Right, they didn't get any.
Even the sheriff he didn't get any from him.
Speaking of getting some, this is pretty interesting.
Now, who would think that Dwight Eisenhower,
of course he wasn't married to Mamie.
You ever see her?
No.
I think she was part of the Kaka Mamie family.
Oh, she ugly.
What, of course he was too.
I think they were pretty good match.
It's kind of like Gerald and Betty Ford, right?
George Washington and Barbara Bush.
Right, that's true.
George W. and Martha Washington.
And George Herbert Walker Bush and Martha White.
Bush, he sure got around and she, oh yeah.
Man, where's the Betsy Ross?
A Dallas woman in her 70s is seeking to determine
whether or not she's the illegitimate daughter
of Dwight D Eisenhower.
Oh my god.
The Ross story doesn't come much more raw than this.
And Moral has lived all her life.
I wonder if she's kind to what's his name?
Earl.
Josh Moral.
Oh, from what is it?
What show is that?
Young in the restaurant.
Hormie.
How did you know that?
White watch is that show.
Remember what Dan Stewart said?
That's why Dan died.
I remember.
I don't want to be insensitive or anything like that.
That's what puts you in a box, Dan.
Oh, we're fine.
Comes out our show and he starts telling stories about
Josh Moral, the real, real little,
young guy from the young in a horny.
He used to be good in there.
I don't know.
I don't want to that show.
And Moral's lived all her life with questions about her identity.
She was teased by her siblings about being adopted.
Was not given important information about her birth
by her parents.
Was excluded from her mother's will and found signs of
tampering on her birth certificate issued in
Frankfurt, Kentucky, or is that Frankfurt, KY.
Moral's uncanny resemblance to former president Eisenhower
or his suspect she might be his daughter
by his British driver, K. Summersby,
who show freedom around Europe during WW2
and with whom he's generally acknowledged
you've had an affair.
You go like we like him a lot better
that we've seen that movie.
Why we fight right?
You don't like him?
I like that a lot.
I was 40%, eight quarters of that.
39% in USA today, Gell, 44%
in the new pulls out for Bush today.
Jump it up because I guess
the war on Tara is going so well
because things are going so swimmingly well
in Iraq because that lesbianies fiasco
went so well, huh?
What a joke.
Man, oh man.
I think they just make the numbers up
depending on how close we are in the election.
Just like they do after they like to make them up.
Moral finally approached the lawyer
who had made public the story of the African-American daughter
of the late senator, Strom Thurmond.
She was placed in contact with member of the Eisenhower family
but the family did not have a request for a DNA sample.
Moral continues to hope they'll change their minds.
She thinks she's Ike's daughter.
Now let's see, he had a daughter.
Oh, no, he didn't have a daughter.
Oh, yes, she did.
She and he had the Julie Nixon, right?
Right.
You're asking me what I know.
She married, now I'm confused.
There was David Eisenhower was one of the sons.
There was also John or Milton or whatever
is name was, Milton was his brother.
But now who was the,
would David Eisenhower was the son, right?
Okay.
Right.
He married.
Billy Preston?
Yeah.
David Eisenhower married Billy Preston
and they're going around and circle together.
Kind of like Adam Liesa was doing there for you in.
No, seriously, David Eisenhower and Julie Nixon
married.
And that's wheat?
Okay.
Well, no, because Nixon was Eisenhower's
heap for crying out loud.
What's wrong with you, man?
No, I'm not interested in your American history.
You're too obsessed with all that religious crap, man.
All that ancient,
Chinese secret stuff.
Yeah.
Ancient.
Good that we don't have any problems anymore.
Like those Byzantine 14th century Schmata heads
who said,
Cox, a place to the Muslims, huh?
That'll teach them a thing or two because
when you piss off the Muslims,
you can piss off anybody else in a world, okay?
And they say, oh, we don't like that.
That's pretty ugly.
But when you piss off the Muslims,
they,
Hilsul people, that's right.
They burn down your church.
They burn down your house.
They burn down the,
a nun and they go out and,
the Hilsul people.
Carry on like crazy people.
I just shouldn't say like crazy people.
I'm sorry.
That's right.
Who's kidding whom, huh?
All of the religious.
That's the one thing I miss you, man.
We don't single them out.
Whether it's a Scientologist,
the Church of Zen,
the Buddhist,
the Church of Ben-Zen,
whatever it is.
Oh, for the book,
it's just a variety of,
you know, craziness.
1464 will make five hundred,
five thousand,
well, by fifteen hundred by two o'clock easy.
And if my head doesn't burst by two o'clock,
I might just come back and get in the model.
Just the people.
Very well.
I might do that.
The biggest name,
so best talent for today's
is Neil Rogers,
for 205,
I gotta say a name.
Name them.
The M O N U,
this fall on CBS,
from the producer of Big Brother,
it's Big Mother.
Is your mama?
Don't look at me like that.
She's a better shadow,
with fifteen pounds.
Crack your head right open.
Mm-hmm.
I don't think so.
Big mother.
I ain't playing with you.
Left your face right off.
Break the game again.
I ain't playing with you.
117 is 560,
that's what off-mending drugs
said to be winded.
I ain't playing with you.
1474 on a pull,
we're gonna make 15 hundred easy
with something to spare.
And I'm glad I got my D on your Frankie CD,
even though you hate it like poison.
I think that's what you try to do
is like lose this in space.
I slipped them a five or,
because I was a good,
just don't be so neat with this talent.
Yeah, I couldn't be so confident for Christy.
I can't wait till you get tall side
and you look like I'm tall.
This is a long time.
Thank you.
You don't like this?
It's not the longer one.
That means it must be great
to get to see what a heart-ass year is.
That's right.
Jesus is definitely long with this.
You don't have to pay,
I don't know what to pay.
It must be fabulous.
You don't have to side to kill the pain.
I mean,
still run around too.
It's not so good long.
It's not so good long.
It's just a frozen yesterday.
Maybe the more I'm taken away.
I remember one of the things
that's been on the subway long.
It's been on the subway long.
It's been, it's been,
it's been, it's been, it's been,
it's been on for you and it's been on again
for back commander.
It's been one,
it's been looting along.
It's been, it's been, it's been,
it's been on for you.
Well, it's been looting along now
but must be a challenge we've done.
We've done looting along now
but it's not so fun-
It's been, it's been looting along.
I'm going to sing, wait, fight, I'm going to fight it, let it all get snagged.
The world's dead, we can't go up there.
We're not so far off.
We're not so far off.
A piece of love is your father.
Where are you?
We're the stars.
Okay, now here's the point you've been waiting for.
If you're still paying attention to what I've done.
Here comes the solo, the very brief solo by Paul Simon.
Are you ready?
Ready.
Did you write that?
I'm going to sing, wait, fight, I'm going to fight it, let it all get snagged.
Here comes the solo, the very brief solo by Paul Simon.
Here comes the solo, the very brief solo by Paul Simon.
Here comes the solo, the very brief solo by Paul Simon.
Here comes the solo, the very brief solo by Paul Simon.
The interesting thing is that Paul Simon isn't even mentioned here in the credits.
How do you like that?
What a bastard.
Brian Adams, background vocals and rhythm guitar.
Brian Adams, on drywall night.
Hey Brian, come on cut it out, you're just anti-Canadian, that's all.
Lou Reed, background vocals on King of the New York streets.
Here's Paul Simon.
Lee and background vocals on Little Star.
We also did some tobacco.
He didn't just do that, you see what I'm saying?
Patty Smith, background vocals on the And The Night's Street still.
Mark Lennon, who knows Mark Lennon.
Get out of here with that old Dion.
It was fine in its day, 100 years ago.
Anyway, that's it.
We're a whole bunch of great famous people on earth.
I'm going to play the whole thing here every day, all day, four to hours of Dion every day.
It still beats you guys across the street with that lame Sid De Kidd.
And the end of the Delmo, I wonder why.
Because I like it, that's why.
I wonder if they would play it every day.
I like that too.
In fact, if you had come on Little Angel by the Belmons, I would blow you a kiss.
Hello, Joyce Muggett upset.
You don't have that, do you?
Come on Little Angel by the Belmons.
God, it was earth.
Huh? I'll find it.
No you won't.
If you find that, Miguel's going to come in there and stick his tongue all the way down your...
Oh, you're a piece of...
You're a piece of...
I'll have it.
...to look at.
The CIA learned in late September 2002 from a high-level member of Sato Hussain's inner circle
that Iraq had no past or present contact with Osama Yamanma Bin Laden.
And that's Iraqi leader considered bin Laden an enemy of the Baghdad regime.
According to a recent Senate Intelligence Committee report, why isn't this on every TV right now instead of Paul Zahn,
some promo for a stupid-ass show, Bubblehead, Bubblehead at Bitch.
Although President Bush, other senior administration officials were at that time regularly linking Hussain to Al-Qaeda.
The CIA is highly sensitive intelligence supporting the country review.
Apparently it wasn't passed down to the White House or senior Bush policy makers or...
Or...
Oh no!
Senator Pat Roberts, Republican of Kansas and two GOP colleagues on the committee, disclosed this information for the first time in a panel's report on Iraq released last week.
A little bit late now, thought about three and a half years late.
They wrote in the additional views section of the current report that the cabinet-level Iraqi official said that Iraq has no past, no current, and no anticipated a future contact with Osama Bin Laden and Al-Qaeda.
And if the official letter that bin Laden was in fact a long-time enemy of Iraq, is that what we were just hearing about?
Yeah.
It's about how Assad amhated in the White portion, including Al-Zarqawi and all those Graham, and didn't want any part of him because he felt there were a threat.
But you know, when the weapons of mass destruction didn't turn up, that was the next thing.
You know, they were involved with Al-Qaeda.
Yes, what?
Wrong.
Another lie, and of course the media being beautiful messengers of crap, just continued conveying all the lies and the BS to the public.
Just go in and never stops.
And you want to know why?
I'll take your word.
The media is sick and they've got bad news.
Yeah, they're all in the payroll.
They're all like a syndicat father.
Have we got reporters in the payroll?
Sure.
No problem.
Whatever you want, we got it.
Judges, newspaper writers, editors, publishers, radio station sales managers, all of these...
All of these...
Interprese service.
US resorting to collective punishment in Iraq.
US forces are talking, taking the collective punishment of civilians in several cities across the Al-Anbar province west of Baghdad.
residents and officials say, they're getting peeled, baby.
They're getting tired of this.
Where is the flowers in the candy already for Christ's sakes?
Romani, the capital of Al-Anbar province, is still living with a daily terror of its people getting killed by snipers.
And its infrastructure being destroyed.
Ahmed, a local doctor with held his last name for security purposes, is the whole obvious.
I guess if you only say Ahmed, a kind of like narrowed it down, I'd be like to everybody.
This city has been facing the worst of the American terror and destruction for more than two years now, and the world is silent, he'd be saying.
The destroy infrastructure and cutting water and electricity for days, even for weeks, is routine reaction to the resistance, he said.
Guys at the resistance do not need water and electricity.
It's the families that are being harmed in their lives which are at stake.
And they could use a good stake.
Students and professors at the University of Al-Anbar told IPS their campus is under frequent attack.
Nearly every week we face raised by the Americans with their Iraqi colleagues, a professor, speaking of course on condition around an immunity to the IPS.
Students said that US troops occupied their school last week.
We've been under great pressure from the Americans since the very first days of their occupation were wrecked a student told IPS.
Such raids are being reported all over Amani.
The infrastructure destruction is so huge around the government building in downtown Ramani, said a 24-year-old student who gave his name as Ali Al-Ani, Aini, Anis.
And they are destroying the market too, he said.
Ali.
IPS reported September 5 that the US military was bulldozing entire blocks of buildings near the government to dampen resistance attacks and government offices.
So that US action seems most of you are in Al-Anbar province or resistance is strongest and which has seen the highest US casualties.
And with just the other day they said, oh it's a loss, forget about it.
No chance.
Remember that?
Yeah, they said that.
Having got a trineman's chance with that the fixed, you know, that last on a member.
Kind of ironic that it was a Chinese guy, you know.
Appropriate.
Yeah, that's what I'm thinking.
1491, man.
Just thinking about another year Christopher Columbus is going to discover America.
And boys, he's going to be disappointed in what he sees now, huh?
He's going to say, pop out of his envelope.
Look what we got now, huh?
He was an imperialist.
1492.
Holy moly, right, man.
Can you believe that?
I believe it.
I'm going to go into my computer.
I'm going to delete that, James.
Then, how do I do that?
Get rid of that one picture from James Franco?
I may never get over that, you know.
The biggest name after so many years of Alex.
What is it?
This is peel, Rochester.
It did!
It's you.
It is you.
I could do another thing.
The way he came in to town,
To allow the young dog to build
The marley's world of rats
Without him, most betrayed him
Till we all got to
I got caught up
And I want to, I'm gonna stop the way
A garbage man for joy
He can afford to live the sun
He's not in red in the middle
Sexy photo, he had done
You heard it
We just land the same deal
We're gonna play devil's play
We're gonna play devil's play
We're gonna stop the way
I heard me write your say it
I'm waiting to walk in love
I heard me write your say it
I wish to stay the faster
The way he knocked the door
If the hunter didn't pay the left hand
Well, I can't find no fear
I want to, I want to
You'll stop the way
I'm dying out of here
That's for good
15, 13, almost we've done it
Aren't they started?
Media?
No, I agree
I'll put it on there so early yesterday
Is it not a effect yet?
The arrow has got to go up to the mark too
And the pole as well?
Excellent
I'm not gonna put it on her yet
I'll wait
I'll wait till after they fixed that damn sliding glass door
You crazy people, you illegal aliens
Speaking of that, did you talk about this poor Arar?
My, her, Arar guy?
Who?
Ar, Arar?
My, her, Arar
Arar
The Ottawa guy that they said to Syria that because they...
No, I didn't talk about him
Well, something needs to be said
I know they're sure saying a lot about it here
He's something
I know what I can say
I want to see who's going to back right now
I'm kidding
I'm kidding
I'm kidding
Maybe like Katie
Who would you like?
You better
You know, every dreamy smile I can hear
You're the way
You're the dreamer
I'm the man you're the man
I'm the man I'm the man I'm the man I'm still the mom
Anybody who tells me that isn't a great album
Their, their taste isn't their tush
Wouldn't know music from my elbow, okay?
You better be kidding me
Where the hell did you find that?
The Belmonts
I have mats, because I'm the floor in a second
This is the fantastic Suah man
I got to have that
Come on, come on, come on, come on
That's all I got, Suah
Oh, come on
I'll send a three to worry about it
That's a T
That's all I got
That's just a little T
Now, what was he or 60, 61?
I don't know
61
Doesn't say
No, not on that
Not on Google, Google a Belmonts
But I don't know what it is
Something about that song, I just loved it
Maybe one of the Belmonts looked pretty good, I don't know, because Deon's here don't
But anyway
An honorable man who can eat the officials now say was falsely accused of being tied to a cut
And ended up being deported from the US
Sent to Syria and tortured there for 10 months
Say he cried, tears are relief when he learned that his name had been cleared
Still, my life has been ruined
Syrian born Maher Arar, 36 years today
I call on the government of Canada to accept the findings of this report
And hold people accountable he added according to the global mail
For Canadian government commission of inquiry under the case of Arar, exonerated him of all suspicion of terrorist activity
And urged the federal government to offer a financial compensation
I say give him 50 million
62
Million?
No, I was close, that's just 61
There you go
If you're within a year, it counts
You're good
It's true
Arar claims he was victim of a extraordinary rendition
Or the US transfer of foreign terrorists, suspects to third countries without court approval
Here we go with this crap again, okay?
I'm able to say, candid work, there is no evidence to indicate that Mr. Arar has committed any offense
Or that his activities constitute a threat to the security of Canada
Mr. Denizzo Kahn has said in the three-voting report on the findings of the inquiry only part of which was made public
The report finds that Arar lived through a nightmare that included being tortured at the hands of the Syrian military intelligence
He's a software engineer who was traveling out of Canadian passport when he was detained in the New York's Kennedy Airport
September 26, 2002, during a stopover in his way home to Canada from vacation in Tunisia
Arar said the US authority sent him to Syria for interrogation as a suspected al-Qaeda member in allegation he denied
He spent nearly a year in prison in Syria after his release in 2003 he made detailed allegations about extensive interrogation
Beatings and Whippings with electrical cable in Syrian prison cells
Justice O'Connor also has criticized the US and recommended an Ottawa file formal protest with both Washington and the Syrian government over Arar's treatment
The US is already under intense criticism from human rights groups over the practice of rendition of suspects to countries where they could be tormented
Where they will fear you. US and Syrian officials refused to cooperate in the Canadian inquiry, how surprising
The Commission found the Royal Canadian-Mounted Police, the RCMP, shared information about Arar with American anti-terrorist agencies both before and after he was detained
Among other things, the RCMP wrongly described Arar to the Americans as an Islamic extremist suspected of being linked to the al-Qaeda terrorist network
The force also described him as the target of domestic anti-terrorist investigation in Canada when in fact he was a peripheral figure who would come out of suspicion only because he had been seen in the company
Of another man who was under surveillance
O'Connor concluded the inaccurate information passed by Canadian police to US authorities very likely that they were decision to send him to Syria
It is quite clear that the RCMP sent inaccurate information to US officials Arar said I wouldn't have even been sent to Syria had this done information I would give to them
How you like that?
I don't.
Poor Ahmed or whatever his name is, Maha Mahu Mahu, Phil Marra, Phil Marra Ha Ra Ra
You're right about Phil Marra, man. He sent a tour with all that pancake on him
Such a little overmaid of tourp looks like an orange head
You know, I'd like to take it seriously and you know
Yeah, see and that's the problem is that when you agree with somebody with everything they say and you know that person has no credibility
Because they're such a jackass and such a tourp, you know, it's it's you know what's like?
What's it like?
I don't see him under anymore. They probably, you know, Schmidt can't him. Ronnie Reagan Jr. the ballot.
Oh yeah, yeah.
I don't know what that was.
God, how sad. Have you ever noticed how many of the right with the extreme right wingers like Phyllis shoe fly and Dick Cheney and Ronnie Reagan have children who are gay?
Have you ever noticed that?
I have noticed that.
Huh, 1519 maybe it's in their genes.
1519 rhymes with genes.
Probably a man who will come and worry about the sap moon.
And I'm sure that they'll continue all the morning.
Oh gee, what was us? Are we cursed down here, mad dog?
First our hurry came, well also of course the Marlins over the weekend. Of course I didn't know anybody cared about that.
And then the top it all off the path is lose their exhibitionist game to Edmonton last night to the one in Toddburg,
Tuzi gets his just desserts and gets whacked in the head and deservedly so.
I hope he's got a wicked nasty concussion and the rest of his life is a living burning hell. How do you like that?
Any team that would sign Toddburg, Tuzi, you know, not bad enough they traded away Bobby Lungo. That wasn't bad enough.
First of all organization but nevertheless 20 to 2 a QM have you ever felt at the moment you pay for something is the moment the store stop carrying well not a problem actress.
Valimatris is at their best after you buy that new mattress. I know that because I've been using the album actress for years you can always count on them call them at 1-800 mattress and get factory direct prices that are lower than the chain stores and they're so called big sales.
Valimatris also offers you 12 month financing. What's not to like the easiest and most pain free smartest piece of shopping you could ever do.
Call 1-800 mattress you get the lowest prices on the best brands including Surti. Surta, that now when you combine they give you half a Surti and half a Surti.
Surti, Seely, King Coral, Simmons, Temporpete against Terrence of Ananas Foster. Valimatris also has a 99% on time delivery rate.
In other words you pick the date and time for delivery any time 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. to 7 a.m. a week like noon to 2. 1-3 and they show up virtually every time on time when your ass is going to be home.
Even the same day that you call if you call right now they can be there by tonight.
After care is one of the major reasons why they're right number one a customer satisfaction. So either on web go to mattress.com or pick up that phone and call them just make that one easy call.
The easiest piece of shopping which I've been telling you for about a hundred years 1-800 mattress 1-800 MATTRES.
Leave off the last S because it stands for stubborn sales holes.
The biggest name is the best challenge to the business.
The Eel Rogers for 20560.
Let me tell you something pal long been states that girls go out.
Yes the crocodile hunter on the stink what happened.
What happened on my huge mistake I should have gone south in that night.
We have a call here that might relate West Bloomfield Michigan. Hello.
See if I can't believe you're gone.
Oh yeah mate what happened with the stingray.
You got to understand that they had the power and capacity to kill or mine.
Oh yeah mate she goes back back right my hat and I died.
Don't you mean croquis.
Absolutely.
Palm City Florida. Hello.
Hey Steve.
Hi.
What do you want for Christmas?
Siegfried and Roy as in Siegfried and Roy.
Exactly.
Merberry Massachusetts. Hello.
Hey Steve sorry to hear about your dirt nap.
Thank you.
Hey have you ran your finger up the devil's ass yet?
Have I ever?
Both fingers.
I like that huh?
Yeah.
Absolute.
I mean that's a sec.
It must be honest.
I believe in full contact and we'll be back with our remaining moments.
Steve I want to hear the crocodile hunter.
The Crikey year die hunter.
146 14 built two like I said I have no shed no tears about that.
He you know when he dangled like kid I thought to myself here's Michael Jackson all over again.
You know.
Yeah.
1531 votes on the pole there.
1531.
Muslim say Pope's apology not good enough by the way.
Just in case you think that the thing is what a apology I haven't heard when you're.
Well he said he said he was sorry that they were offended he didn't say he was sorry he said it.
So that's like I'm sorry that you're.
If you say I'm sorry I said it or I'm sorry I did it that's an apology right.
If you say I'm sorry you're offended by it that that's got nothing to do with apologizing.
That's like I'm sorry you're a devil.
This crap about and this garbage about how well you know he was quoting from somebody else that didn't reflect his feeling.
Hold on have a wide how many read the quote huh?
How many how many freaking quotes could he have read from all these Islamic hachads huh?
About 30 million and he picks one off that's as well you know a bunch of barbarians and what could the Mohammed bring and you know killing people with a sword and.
Make him an offer they couldn't refuse.
I thought that was a Catholic they make him people an offer they couldn't refuse.
That's right.
In fact you know something I got I got the evidence right here here it is.
I want to make him an offered camera.
Proliotic family good Catholics Michael even baptized he was Godfather of the Chinese baby.
He was there at the baptism.
Do we jack Satan?
I do.
Muslims and all the while they were taking care of the heads of the five families.
That's right but I'm being fact clemenza was there with the overcoat in the shotgun.
Muslims in Turkey are rack in the Palestinian territories demanded today that Pope Benedict XVI and the Nazi Pope were those BDIs.
He really does look evil.
Make a clear apology for his remarks on Islam instead of saying only that he was deeply sorry that Muslims had taken offense.
So here we've got two groups of crazy people at war.
How unusual how religious wars.
Something new huh?
Yeah they've heard of it.
The Prime Minister of Malaysia which shares the world's biggest Muslim block said that Benedict's expression of regret was acceptable.
So you don't like it but they said it's okay but in Turkey protesters said Benedict must make full amends before a plan to remember a trip that would be his papacy's first visit to a Muslim nation.
And if the Turk savvite their way also is last.
Either apologizing did not come right a banner carried by group of administrators from a religious workers union.
Either apologizing did not come I think that's what one of the altar boys told him to but nevertheless I could expand on that but Joyce that happened to his breakdown.
The Rex parliament also rejected Benedict's explanation of his remarks saying it was insufficiently clear.
The parliament demands the Pope take practical steps to restore respect to the Islamic world and its religion and a clear cut apology for what he said.
Lawmaker Simon Stammer read the press conference.
The top Muslim clergyman in the Palestinian territory similarly demanded that Benedict offer a clear apology.
The Muslim, the Muslim, the Muslim, the Muhammad Hussein.
Let's come up with all the different Islamic names.
Here is Muhammad Ahmed Hussein.
Okay.
As Bar Hussein what?
Hussein what?
Is right.
Let's see what it is like only seven names.
Anyway, Muhammad Hussein reached Palestinians to hold attacks on churches and the territories but held the pot of responsible for the outpouring of anger.
He should know that we could pissed off easy I think is what he was trying to say.
So far we consider the apology of the Vatican Pope in sufficient who sayings old reporters.
We firmly asked the Vatican Pope to offer a personal pubic and clear apology of the one and a half billion Muslims in this world.
Here's the quote again the pot of said that a medieval text that characterized some of the teachings of the prophet Muhammad as evil and inhuman especially his command to spread the sword by the sword the faith.
Okay.
And the correct answer is certainly not the one about he had a point.
He has no business talking about this.
There is not nobody even close.
Nobody even close to the Catholic Church when it comes to religions killing people.
Let's see here.
Well look at this here is a faxad.
No more cold calls.
Communicate your next marketing campaign with this is great.
I'm going to be looking for a little part time activity here.
Especially the way the seals the prophet is going man.
In fact you know something I think it's appropriate.
I want you to look at what you don't have a copy to log.
When you know it's got it.
Yeah I got it.
He's got the log.
Look at the last break coming up here.
Wow.
Now it seems.
Granted it's a this is the first time in my life I've seen a four minute break which is the limit thanks to my contract or they'd be running in 10 minutes, five times an hour.
It's the first four minute break that it's got three seven units in it.
Seven units.
Excellent programming.
Nice going Chris.
Oh of course I was told this morning by your friend Clarence and Kristen the cell those five dollars spots.
ABC.
I'm like that.
What a series of just unbelievable blunders and missteps.
Let me say it again like I said last week.
Joel the only reason new people are even still in business is because the incompetence of a cruise that run this joint.
That's the only reason you're still even in existence plus Daddy's money.
1538 votes on the pool.
Oh a rocky premonster demands that the judge in the sun probably replaced.
That was on the internet.
That was on the internet about two hours ago.
And CNN saying just in.
He had gone to sit on who's saying to ask him for help to help him find his family.
At that point, sit on who's saying responded to the witness saying if I was a dictator, why are you coming to me at which point.
The judge said you're not a dictator.
I said that sit on who's saying was not a dictator.
You know, and in this old news, okay, I believe the judge also with somebody made him an offer.
He couldn't refuse you think.
If you're not a dictator, so I don't mean a good guy.
You just missed something stupid.
That's all.
This miscellaneous, they never sold a freight train and things were so much better when you were at the head.
Right?
Right.
I think it was one of those Johnny Dolan's things.
They both went up at the head together one day.
So nice goods.
1538, baby.
1538.
Most religious people are full of crap.
That's basically what it boils down to.
And if you don't want to believe me or the audience out there, just take a look around and sniff at baby.
The biggest name.
The best talent to the best is the O'Rachael.
A Borscht Radio 560 issue A.M.
When it comes to sports.
Oh, wait, not, slow, wait, not.
Say it, ho ho.
We, the auditorium.
What the hell is that?
Borscht Radio 560, DLU QAM, Miami Port, Margana.
It's state.
If I am in town.
At 560, WQM.
You wanted more, and you got it.
The Mad Dog is back, singing more duet on the bandage singing volume 2.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
O'Rachael's number 80, it's back staring off with the great singing more, think it.
Which even more takes time.
The Mad Dog does them all.
Maybe everything's over.
O'Rachael's number 40.
O'Rachael's number 40.
O'Rachael's number 40.
O'Rachael's number 40.
O'Rachael's number 40.
O'Rachael's number 40.
It's an all new British invasion with the Mad Dog singing like a man.
I like it.
And the truth is finally out that G-Mandage was truly the fifth beat.
You gotta give it in love and you give it in love.
If you want to laugh, laugh.
And now your head's to say,
You always say, don't be a liar.
A liar.
Here's the Mad Dog's ender touching tribute to the king.
A liar.
O'Rachael's number 40.
O'Rachael's number 40.
O'Rachael's number 40.
The Mad Dog was just a little ambivalent when we asked him if he wanted to do it again.
I don't think so.
So we had Luciferatzi, a little visit and tell him either his brain or his signature would wind up on the contract.
That's some of the fisties.
Thank you.
O'Rachael!
O'Rachael!
O'Rachael!
And it's Z.
I'm your new available now if you move quickly.
O'Rachael!
O'Rachael!
O'Rachael!
O'Rachael!
O'Rachael!
O'Rachael!
