This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Oh, you can tell your fans you don't like their demands. If they have some request you just say,
you don't know. And then tell your mom a kid to tell them management.
You want nobody missing with your show. You're on from tendin' to and when you're
shipped this through, tell George you can relax and talk some weed. And then go tell
Joe Bell that he can go to hell. He even almost makes you this regrieved.
Don't play a part, the sound of a fart. I don't think George would understand.
Because if you play a part, the sound of a fart, you'll be in trouble with the
regrant. You're fair.
Don't play a part.
It's a 10-01 at 560 WQM. I said you've been whistling that all morning.
I said you've been whistling that all morning. That's kind of a catchy tune.
I'm right at the ass end of this whole flu allergy cold, whatever this thing. I'm right at the ass end of it.
Speaking of ass, we got the beast in there today. Speaking of big ass.
What? Well, isn't that what you're breast-known for? As soon as you claim to fame.
Is being the UMS. How they doing, by the way, when that game is today?
Or when they were? They came there onto Omaha.
Oh, they're onto Omaha. The college world is serious. Let's go out to Atlanta.
Go out there. You want to come?
To Mr. C's. Oh, yeah, that goes good. Forget about the ball games.
But I just want to eat those great meals.
Castillos. Castillos.
Castillos and Mr. C's.
Man. One thing about Omaha, man, it's a very underweighted town. Everybody thinks, oh, that's the Bible about.
They're all a bunch of bio. You forget about that. That's that's a pretty good place.
Although they didn't close down the racetrack that XR band. But they have gambling in Iowa, so we're good.
Do they really? Yeah, tons of casinos right across the border.
I don't want to bore the audience with crap, although we should be talking about it.
Heavy, heavy, heavy intensive. But that dollar wheel of fortune, man, quit playing it.
You don't play dollars anyway. That's the biggest sucker bet in the whole place.
I do when I feel confident. You do what? Play dollars? Yeah.
It's a sucker bet. I can't weed myself off of that.
Actually, Saturday was so desperate. I started wandering around and wood buying, you know, trying to different things.
I found something called sparkling sevens. Have you ever heard that?
Is that better than the lasing sevens? No, no. It's got nothing new with that.
That's similar. And we hit five hundred bucks on it.
Didn't even have any idea what that was all about to be honest with you.
It's a losing proposition, man. They just want our money. Let's face it.
Hey, we got a big shack day today because, according to Daniel, a bastard in the Herald, this is the biggest day in heat history.
Aren't you excited about that? I could care less. In fact, wait till we get to our poll.
You think the Sun Centrel poll was negative today? Of course, that's our crowd, you know.
That's what they would be saying around the building.
Well, that's Niels' audience. That anti-sports crowd. Yeah, right.
That must be the Sun Centrel audience, too, huh? Don't forget to join us this afternoon from 2 to 4 with that.
And then 10 to 2 tonight with Eddie Kay at QM's White Hot Heat Headquarters located the cases that they in Miami.
Now, there's only problem with that being that with Eddie Kay, I can understand Gildey's part of it.
But let's say that he could blow an out again tonight, which would be a course disaster.
Right.
There wouldn't exactly be White Hot. If Eddie Kay is there and they're like getting blown out by 18 or 25 or something like that.
You know what I'm saying? No, they wouldn't.
Then you can drink a lot of those extra tequila's, whatever those things are. I'm not going into that.
What? I'm not going into that. I'm not going to get... This is what they do all the time.
They've been playing this game for ever since I've been near and probably long before that.
They continue trying to get us to do these commercials for play. And this is part of the QM's sales approach.
Oh, if you give us a bunch of money, we'll give you 75,000 mentions on the air. All that crap, you know.
It's just the biggest fraud I have ever been involved in. I'm not participating, okay?
If you want to put fraudulent stuff on here, you go right ahead.
Because that's what we specialize in, fraud. In fact, the whole place has become a fraud.
At any rate, your president speaking of fraud, he's in Iraq right now. It's a prize visit.
Not that it's in publicity stunt you understand.
The president, perhaps I should say, here at what is now the temporary US Embassy in Baghdad.
Why have the officials told you?
Very exciting. He's meeting newly named Prime Minister Nuri Amaliki to discuss the next steps in the trouble three-year-old war.
A dramatic move which is here in the AP article. A dramatic move by Bush traveling to violence vattled Bagh deadlust in a week after the death of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi.
You know, they got the picture of Zarqawi again in this thing here of this article.
Now, I want you to keep in mind. It keeps showing the remains there that were bulldozed, kind of like off into one corner there.
But they said that they left a crater after they dropped to two 500-pound bombs.
And keep in mind the building was concrete and steel this house.
They dropped two 500-pound bombs. And there was nothing but rubble.
You know, and there was like a few pieces of towel and stuff left behind.
And yet when you looked at him, and the fact that he lived for like almost an hour after they somehow magically got him out of there, he didn't look all that bad.
Although I still point out to you that circling his head is a big puddle of blood.
So probably got squashed, you know.
But he lived for 52 minutes.
Good for him, man.
Uh-huh. That's what they said. And they said they actually like made a little bit of a move.
And not a big move, maybe about a quarter of an inch on the stretcher.
Or maybe they just tried to drop him.
I mean, if they drop the two 500-pound bombs on your house, do you think there would be any enough remnants of you left behind that they would even recognize who it was?
Probably not. Well, I just, I don't want to be skeptical or anything like that.
Landing at Baghdad airport, Bush transferred to a helicopter for the six-meter ride on the heavily fortified green zone.
White House officials said the helicopter ride posed the greatest risk for the present.
But he's, he's just fine. They showed him on the top and heads shaking hands with this Maliki guy.
I wonder where they found that stooge.
And meanwhile, Bush was greeted by another day of violence in Iraq.
What a surprise.
Dozens of people were killed or wounded today in explosions in the Northern orals city of Kirkuk.
And eight bodies were found in Western Baghdad.
It was Bush's second trip to Baghdad, less than three years.
He all recall. He visited the truth. Thanksgiving 2003, which that trip was also kept a secret.
Remember that when he took him that rubbery turkey?
Oh, yeah.
It was pretty spectacular.
It was pretty best up there in the fatigues and everything.
Yes, that's correct.
Well, that was because he was probably fresh from, you know, mission accomplished.
I'm getting Bush fatigue myself when he come right down to it. I'm sure that the world is.
Here's the poll from yesterday speaking to people that were really tired of.
Oh, more bad news today. Karl Rove won't be charged.
George sent me to Bush's brain movie, which I hadn't seen yet.
So I watched it last night with my elected.
The first thing I see, the first story I see this morning when I get up, Karl Rove won't be charged.
Now, you talk about evil doers.
Isn't it surprising to you that in high school, he was a class nerd?
No.
That's surprising, not.
Let me just look at him.
Is there something?
He reminds me of Robert Greeper.
You're not every moral.
Yeah.
Now, I say the two of them are in two peas in a pod.
They don't come no creepier than those two.
Anyway, the woman I despise most, that was our polliest.
They're 1430 votes.
And colder, there's nobody even close to that bitch.
And who'd want to be?
Man, cold, she had 721 votes.
Over 50% of the total vote, 50.4%.
Condor Leaser, 177.
Hillary, 130. That's not a good sign.
Hillary.
Oprah, 88.
My S.Y.F. 66.
I hit this full 57.
Nancy Grace, 41 friend.
Barbara Bush had 31.
Rosie O'Donnell, 26.
Joyce, 26.
Todd Woodrowsey.
Ever see the two of them together?
Actually, I can't stand Rosie, but compared to Joyce, I love that Rosie.
I might even go on that fat cruise with her to the Bahamas.
Star Jones, 19.
My mother-in-law, 18.
We did cause B-14.
We apologized for putting crossbeyond there, but I did.
That was my bet.
Oh, and you see the big move now at MSNBC, Dan Abrams, who's got an ego bigger than the whole
universe.
He's the man, new man in charge.
70 people are going to start watching her?
No.
You know, yesterday, because I, you know, channel surf ate me afternoon to see what the hell
is going on.
And they had some broad on there doing his show, which is the reason I kept watching because
I can't stand him.
He's an idiot.
Who thinks he knows everything?
And she was shouting.
And I realized what was going on.
I thought maybe they eliminated his show because they constantly shuffling the shows on
there.
And she was shouting, and today in Baghdad, I thought, what is wrong with you, honey?
And then she goes into this report.
And here's MSNBC's Eddie Adam, Eddie Magnus.
And I know that's Eddie Magnus, and she called her Eddie Magnus because she was, yeah,
was pretty embarrassing.
But then they came back to the very ass end with this breathless announcement that Dan Abrams
is going to be the new head man, the head haunt you.
He's not going to be on the air no more.
Thank God.
He's going to be in charge of MSNBC.
He's going to straighten out that ship.
Read across me 14, fill a shoe fly 13, and Barbara wall wall, when we left the show she
had two o'clock she had three votes and that's all she got.
That's kind of surprising to me.
Yeah, I thought you'd do a little better than that one.
I thought you'd do a lot better than that.
She's nauseating.
And she had a piece of effect.
I guess America likes people with speedsteepcks.
I look at Broca, he did the news there for about 80 years with a bad speedsteepck.
Couldn't speak a lick.
Now today's pool, this is getting right down on it.
Okay, I don't want to pee on your parade and of course the beast is all whipped up about.
Now you going to Omaha?
I am going to Omaha, yeah.
I knew it.
Even before though.
Yes, I wouldn't miss that trip.
A lot of drugs out there, I'll tell you that.
Really?
I remember telling Ron Fraser, I said we may not be the best team in Omaha.
This is not the, this is not one of the years they won.
This is back probably around 80.
I said I'll guarantee you where the only team out here were two drug dealers.
He wasn't too happy about that.
I mean, he didn't like get upset with me, but he got upset with the equipment manager.
I figured what his name was.
Some point, some another like my frozen thought, another twerp.
I wasn't supposed to know that there were guys smoking weed.
I mean, that's a big deal with, you know, stuff like that.
At least they weren't doing no roads that we know of.
Hey, if you can hit the ball.
That's right.
Hit the ball.
Hit it far.
Ron, there's your present now.
Oh, that was back from the Turkey day.
That footage.
I think we're going to have to do a joist here in a second.
How much do you care about the Miami Heat?
That's our poll question today.
902 votes.
I think we got a shot at a thousand today, Josh.
It's in the bag, man.
No, it's what.
902, it's in the bag.
We have the bag, man.
I don't give a shmit.
344.
38.1%.
Now, actually, this result is not that different from the one in the Sun Central poll yesterday,
which inspired me to do this just to prove a point.
Not today, but you'll pay any attention to me.
Which, by the way, I was a little shocked at that.
At what?
I didn't think that I thought actually more people did care about it.
They don't.
What did I tell you yesterday?
Do I need to tell you the same thing again today?
The NBA.
I mean, I can't compare it with the NHL.
I mean, most people, if he stopped him on a street corner right now, it's off-floor.
I wouldn't know who you would forget.
Forget the score from last night's game.
They wouldn't even know who the hell was playing.
Who's playing?
Oh, man.
Nothing's going to be finer than to lose the caroline.
Edmonton, it was a terrible game.
Edmonton is starting to join out.
Now they're going down.
They're down three games to one, and they're going down.
So, you know, there's no comparison there.
But I would say next to that, no, I take that back.
You know what's next to that?
What?
The World Cup.
Would say keep trying to jam down everybody's throat.
Yeah, nobody in America cares about the freaking World Cup.
Okay?
Maybe like 15 people, okay, who have no life.
If there's nobody gives a crap about the World Cup.
Nobody likes soccer.
It's boring.
Both public support in the world.
And he becomes a second person.
We're talking about in America.
And the 2006 World Cup finals.
We got, uh, who is this again, career and togo?
The question he's interested in, he prevents a clear gold scoring chance in number seven.
Oh, yeah, I think it's a penalty shot.
914 votes.
Would you, can that crap?
914.
You know, if you're going to, if you're going to turn this into, uh, the, the worst team,
with those awful carts and drop-ins, you're going to be out of there real fast.
Okay?
I'm just telling you right now, we can handle it.
Just me and Josh, we can handle it just fine.
914 votes.
And that next thing you'd be putting Robert Gryper in there.
At that point, I go back to bed.
I don't give a shmit about the 38.2%.
I'll watch some and read the result.
279.
30.5%.
Big fan will watch every playoff game.
172.18.8%.
So if you add those two together, the second one, and that one, you got 48%, which leaves the other 52%.
I'll read about the scores, but won't watch 110.9.
Now, that, those people, you wouldn't say are very interested, but I can go to watch the game, right?
Yeah, I mean, the final score.
I mean, you can, I'll leave it at a score.
It's the final.
It's the final.
You know, don't care.
If you don't watch it, you don't care.
That's correct.
I hate this poll only 13, 1.4%.
So they like to poll.
They just don't really care that much about the heat except for that 19%.
Just one of the, and of course, keep in mind of those 19%.
How many of those are front-running phonies?
About 19%.
Oh, I mean, and you even saw the icy sleeve spot people here.
I saw this morning.
Man, we're all whipped up about, I'm going to have me a whole bunch of them to heal the drinks right now.
About 10.45, I'll be on the floor.
If you have a business you need to get customers away from the competition,
and here's the perfect business partner for you, Pub-Set Printing and Design.
Pub-Set can design and print everything you need in your arsenal.
Just look at the display booth they made about me at the bottom of our website,
right at the bottom of the page where it belongs.
Or see even more of their phenomenal work at PubSetSF.com.
Pub-Set can print everything from your business cards to banners,
posters through their specially trade show booths and displays.
Pub-Set design and printing the very best for over 14 years,
and they can handle it all in-house.
Call 9.5.4.77272.75.
How about those hurricanes, man? I'm talking the Carolina hurricanes.
9.5.4.77272.75.
Better yet see for yourself on their website PubSetSF.com.
Look, you'll best get those new customers.
It's your business and it's Pub-Set's business to make you look great.
Call 9.5.4.77272.75 or go to their website PubSetSF.com.
And don't forget to look for my gross disgusting picture on their building on Dixie Highway.
Just north of commercial. Choose the very best Pub-Set printing and design.
Call 9.5.4.77272.75.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62.8.
But do you have a heart or a liver?
No.
Now you are older, you still have your hair, and your arched eyebrow.
I heard you was splitting up with heavier white.
It's another day in a life.
Last year your age was 60 and three.
Time to add one more.
Let's have a party for Pomokartney.
Now he's 64.
We've all heard you.
I'd like to say these words.
Happy, but big to you.
You and the Beatles once were big news.
John and George are gone.
George had cancer, John got stuck, they didn't survive.
Good old ring, go, he's the life.
Watch your foot, step, baby some weed.
In Japan, on tour.
Your wife doesn't need you, her lawyer will bleed you.
And you're 64.
Twenty every ten at five sixty W.A.M.
Now let's take a look at that schedule.
We got Gully at the catch of the day at two this afternoon.
Every single day of the rest of the week he got put up with that.
Mad Dog at four and then you got the Marlin game.
Marlin's hosting the Braves.
Any interest in that?
No.
You're in the hopper talking about the stadium plans.
Man, I got the stadium plans out there.
Any interest in that?
No.
No.
Come on.
And then we got any cave catch of the day.
And then the rewind right after the game.
Heat rewind.
What is that?
You know, the recap of the game.
And how come Hank had this schedule there with that big round table at 10?
We got it at 5.30 on the Mad Dog show.
I don't have any such information.
We had a committee to find out who the hurricanes were playing at the baseball last night.
Well, that's because you didn't believe me.
Didn't believe you was what?
When I told you they were playing Ole Miss.
Well, what the hell do you know?
What was the final score last night?
14 to 9.
No, I wasn't asking you.
I was asking him.
I didn't want to use it.
I was.
The 7, nothing game before that.
And the day before.
Well, Ole Miss must be pretty bad then.
I don't really know.
I haven't really followed any of it.
And I could care less.
In fact, if I had a tooz between World Cup, the heat and the hurricane baseball this year,
I think I'd probably blow my brains out is what I would do.
And what is that heat rewind after the game?
It's a post game show.
It is a post game show.
How do you have a post game show when we don't carry the game?
I don't understand that.
How do we have a post game show?
So we don't have the game.
First of all, the game is on television.
Anybody who's not going to the game and is interested in watching on television, aren't
they?
Right.
So right after the game, they're going to want to call up Eddie Kay and talk about the
game.
Hahaha.
Hahaha.
Oh, man.
Don't ever mind me.
Never mind me.
The Chris Moran show after the Panther games.
Remember that ill-fated thing that they finally stopped doing for you?
Was it cat recap or something?
Whatever the hell it was.
Now, the same three colors, every single after your game.
They'd be on the way home and calling in from the crowd.
It was one broad and two New Yorky kind of guys.
And that was it.
It's kind of like reaching from Boryset and that crowd.
But nevertheless, I'm glad it's keeping some people off the streets.
We want to take a lot of calls today because yesterday, believe it or not, we had a sensational
how much has put most of this crap away?
Although I do like this one story, advertising magazine asked and quoted a killer
self.
I like that story.
That sounds like a cool one.
And how about your boy Ben Rothler's burger, man?
Just the other day, it was reading that story about London Johnson once at the Gerald Ford
played too much football without a helmet, which of course was true because Ford may have been
the dumbest man ever to walk in the White House.
Much less be present, but just even to walk in there.
And I've been Rothler's burger and speaking of dumb people that were showing this morning,
Bradshaw, Terry Bradshaw was on here and there was an old clip of him warning him.
Don't do it.
Don't do it.
You could throw in there.
And of course, they changed the law in Pennsylvania so it wasn't breaking the law.
Thanks God.
Just breaking his head and his nose and whatever.
Stealer's quarterback Ben Rothler's burger is in serious but stable condition following
him morning motorcycle accident yesterday.
Seven hours of surgery yesterday.
So far we've been encouraged by the early reports from the medical team in Mercy Hospital
Steve, this president, Art Rooney said, I'm sure Ben knows that we're praying for his complete recovery
and we're pretty pissed off about it too is what he was thinking.
I mean, like dumb, huh?
Millions and millions of dollars on a line here in this schmuck is, you know, he's got to
show everybody how macho he is.
Is that really what it's all about?
I guess.
Five six seven.
Let's get these phones smoking, baby.
Five six seven, oh five sixty.
You wait till at the lake catches up in about a half an hour.
Can only hold five sixty and even rise in and singular one.
I said, we can only hope there is good as yesterday.
Didn't you think yesterday was kind of like special?
I thought it was extraordinary.
It was something we may not be able to duplicate that again today.
WQYM, hello.
Mill.
Yes.
Sir, thank you so much.
Hey, Neil, I'm a freak on those maps.
You were looking at the maps yesterday and I've got the ultimate one.
You've got to check out.
Yeah.
Go to N-O-A, you know, Google NOAA.
Yeah.
And let me get on there with you real quick.
And is you getting the arc?
Yeah, absolutely.
And from that homepage, are you there?
No, no, no.
Do you want me to do it right now?
Okay. Well, all right.
Well, go to the NOAA homepage and then on the right, it's got.
Okay.
I'm on it.
Okay.
All right.
Cool.
I'm thinking, go to the right where it's not going anywhere.
Okay. Where's this people up here?
What is it?
Look at that.
There's about Marciano naked again on Panama City Beach.
All right.
Now go to the far right side, NOAA satellite images.
Yeah.
A lot of top, top.
You're going to love this.
And then on the middle right image loop, go down the water vapor.
And what are you doing now?
It's so funny to Josh was saying because I can't believe when I wake up in the middle of the night,
I'm sitting there humming and singing these damn bits.
Man, drives me out of my mind.
Well, what the hell is that?
That's the one I think.
Yeah, that's awesome.
And when it's all red and blowing up, you don't believe it looks like so.
Oh, but it's still it's marked.
That is bizarre, man.
That's a great one.
Say that.
I think it looks marked.
You'll love that when the hurricanes are coming and everything is unbelievable.
Looks like we're caught in a mail stream there.
And I mean, time, there isn't any hurricane and it's, you know, just never developing on that.
And they got everybody all whipped up.
And Josh tells me he didn't even rain there yesterday.
No, not at all.
It's got to be like hell today though.
I said that yesterday.
I'm putting it off till today.
Hey, achy, achy, breaky fart was great too.
I like that.
Okay, good luck to you, Balli.
Thank you, breaky fart.
Maybe it would change the name of that, you think?
And not a Rikage.
Don't bring, yeah, you're right.
Oh, that's not it.
That's a different one.
Well, this better not have no fart sounds in it.
Or the beast is going to get his fat ass fired.
Well, that's right.
He can't get fired.
He sleeps at a clearance like that.
I don't think the ship is going to be fired.
What was that?
I was a Raspberry.
Oh, I was just the beast, his chair squeaked a little bit.
Is that what it was?
The beast just cut some bad cheese, man.
The whole building is going to be evacuated by noon.
Yeah, I just knew.
Let's get creeper in here.
Okay, just make fun of him for four hours.
No, don't let him any, please.
Don't let him anywhere near there.
Do not let that man anywhere.
And if you don't have naked pictures of clearance
doing somebody, Duff, 27 past 10 at 5, 60 WQM.
And hey, it's Father's Day on Sunday.
And, well, what Dad's like to do on their big day.
And when they're done doing that, I don't know when they have no more energy left.
Then they like to eat.
So it's time to call the Melting Pot.
Make your reservation for Father's Day this Sunday.
The Melting Pot is a fondue restaurant.
In addition to their famous cheese and chocolates, they serve up some serious meats and fish
for hungry dads just like yours.
Hardy entrees from Santa Cutsville, Amon, to Black and Shrimp,
Teriyaki Sirloin, pork lobster, and lots more.
The Melting Pot serves serious food for a serious appetite.
Nobody ever leaves the Melting Pot hungry.
You'll waddle out of there just like the beast waddles every day.
With a big smile on your face.
They have an award-winning mind list to boot.
And don't forget the Melting Pot's famous desserts.
Guaranteed to put a big smile on Dad's push.
So make that call that they invite Dad to dip into something really different
at the Melting Pot restaurant near you.
For all you know, maybe Dad loves dipping into something different.
It's a full four-core gift for Dad from you.
And don't forget to tell Neil, such you buy.
There's a Melting Pot in Kendall Cooper City, Coral Springs,
North Miami Beach, Volca, and prestigious four-lotter day.
This is Neil Roger.
What's solid?
This is 5'62a.
Oh!
Neil Roger's our sports-old radio WQA.
Five-sixty W.G.A.M.
Properly reserves her Gail V.J.O.
Wait, but it's me, T.O.D.
Once again, it mows old timeslot.
Or part of the convictment of this station's management to entertain you.
Me, Public.
Join me tonight as Neil is missed the dish.
Oh, you look divine today, Bunny.
Glad to see you.
Thank you, okay?
With those denim caprisons, studded meals, you really are a dish.
If that were you, T.O.D.
Well, originally I was going to call myself Trish Above.
I remember this.
Ooh!
Well, I'm wearing a black horse of top with a pink-tootty aminit and black-si-hi.
You look like a whore.
More like a spoil-hole queen.
You think, huh?
Yeah, she is.
Oh, definitely.
I mean, let's face it.
The whole sport-intensive radio thing is very queer.
Well, there's nothing wrong with that.
Certainly.
How wrong can this be with show we had it in playin' for that that happens?
I just don't know how she can throw a pass wearing a boa.
Well, there is no more Jewish-coated-back,
and they couldn't get pretty car-liled.
Of the car-liled room?
Yeah, that's it.
With the thank-car luchy and the tamposin.
Now, run your hand up and down my leg as I dream of shit.
Okay.
Ooh, I've been done with this shit.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
What's wrong in strong?
Nuh-uh-uh.
27 before 11, if you like that.
Oh!
You've got a lot more of a coming up into this afternoon.
I wonder if the beast is responsible for him beyond every day.
You making the schedule sound now?
Got enough of it.
Oh.
I was right when I said we're not going to duplicate yesterday.
Take a look at that phone, man.
Are these lines working, actually?
Oh, yeah, they're working.
You can never be too sure.
I think, uh, huh?
I think we're in coma mode today.
Fives are just in the commode.
56670560.
Terrible Tuesday.
Is that what it is?
Count 560 and they've rised in singular wireless lines.
White House Senior Advisor Carl Rowe has been told by special counsel Patrick Fitzgerald.
Then he will not be charged in the CIA lead case, according to Roseloy Robert Luskin.
Right on the heels of my Washington Bush's brain, and getting really all bent out of shape, and even more pissed off unusual about this lunatic.
This Robert Creeper clone.
In difference to the pending case, we will not make any further statements about the subject matter of the investigation of Luskin's Senate written statement today.
We believe the special counsel's decision should put an end to the baseless speculation about Mr. Rowe's conduct as shameless and grotesque as it is, of course.
978 votes.
I think we got a pretty good shot of the flowers.
I don't think we got a shot of too many calls today, though.
WDQIM. Hello.
WDQIM. Hello.
Come on in, you.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I just want to, I love you, sir, but, um, I think you will, Gerald Ford, and the policy.
He's the dumbest man that ever walked in.
The women in the White House to run the White House.
No, I didn't say to run it until George Bush.
Okay. Thank you. I almost fell out of my chair when you said Gerald Ford was the dumbest man.
I got a news for it. That would be a pretty good contest.
You know, Gerald Ford is like Albert Weinstein compared to this piece of crap we got in here.
Albert Weinstein?
Yeah.
I like the school with Albert Weinstein. He was a moron, too.
What is with this fall today, man? This is pretty weak. You think everybody's out of town?
I don't know.
I know what it is. What's that?
I almost forgot. They're watching...
We're watching Korea and the Togo, man.
That's gotta be, it's gotta be the World Cup. We sure can't compete with that.
They're excited for the Hicken.
Oh, is that what it is? They're all getting those tequila?
Yes!
That's what it is. They're all getting whipped up for tonight's Foney Beloney game.
I love bandwagon jumpers.
I'd have to get a shaperita.
And of course, if they do lose tonight, which would be a disaster, it would be down three-nothing in the series,
which would be a foot as a death wish.
Then you'll see them start jumping off that bandwagon real fast, man.
Just like those dingal birds used to fly off most, but...
WDQYM, hello.
Oh, percent of the nose.
Yeah, good. Well, I'd say you're one thing.
If we're down to him, we're in big trouble. WDQYM, hello.
I'm kidding, you're a little...
Hi.
Meal.
Hello? Yes, sir.
Is that me, other?
Speaking.
Oh, good, I'm on the radio.
Yeah, sounds just like you.
Yeah, I named my mintent after your dog, Tiny.
Yeah.
So I did that in your honor.
So I just wanted to let you know that.
Well, okay, how old is it?
How old is it?
Eight months.
Eight months? Okay, here's my next best suggestion, okay.
Put it in the microwave on slow cook.
Meaning, yeah.
You know what that guy's really trying to say?
I have no life.
That's exactly right.
You know this morning I went back to that one website again that I discovered by accident yesterday about Rob Marciano,
the weather dude on CNN.
Anything better?
You know something?
I could sit here from now until midnight tomorrow night and not finish reading all of those idiotic entries on here.
I don't get that.
Until this moment, I never realized that there were that many disparate lifeless people out there.
Well, now you know.
It's just staggering.
It's just amazing.
You see somebody on television, okay, fine.
This one looks good.
This one is okay.
This one's there.
Got the hotspour, whatever.
But just sitting there and bang.
And of course, then they're shouting at each other back and forth.
Well, you don't know Rob Marciano and Anderson Cooper can't be gay.
Who cares?
I mean, if that's your biggest problem, man, you've got a pretty good.
Yeah, and you're talking about one site.
I mean, they do this for movies.
Right.
So, whatever.
And keep in mind, I mean, this is a pretty marginal, you know, it's not like somebody who's really well known.
Right.
Oh, Tom, what's his name?
Matt Damon's wife had a baby.
Yeah.
No, and I see there you go again.
Matt and Luciana, their parents are their first daughter, a baby.
It's a Bella, their first child.
Are you trying to say that Matt Damon, yeah, everybody do his gay?
That's not true.
Next to be saying Tom Cruz's gay.
David Erie Henry Winkler, W-Q-I-N.
Hey, Neil, quick question.
Yeah.
Back in the Neil God store site before he cooked the 30-year CD.
You used them a little bit CD.
Is it possible to buy that anywhere?
I don't know.
Do you think we got any left around Miguel?
Miguel's not there.
Hey, Miguel.
Yeah.
We got him?
So how's this guy going to get him?
Is he got a call Miguel?
Yeah, I tried to call the station.
Call the station, call Miguel Escobar and see if he answers the phone.
He probably won't take the call.
56670560.
That went over like a Hiroshima man.
It's how bad that whole about 30 thing was.
Thanks a lot, Duff.
You clown, man.
You fair, man.
You fair, man.
Didn't want to do it.
Did I?
I told you it was going to go over like Halavarian's Siberia.
Didn't go over too big.
And won any part of it.
And one of the reasons being that almost all of those bits were on previous CDs anyway.
Yeah.
Right?
So I don't want to, you know, how cheap this group is anyway.
I think they're going to crop up 20 bucks to get just to honor the 30th anniversary on you.
They could give a crap less about that.
They don't care.
Obviously not.
No, they don't.
WIAM, hello.
Hi.
Yeah.
Is this Neil?
Sounds like me, yeah.
I'm sorry, Neil.
I'm sorry.
About Gerald Ford.
LBJ said the Gerald Ford PlayCookball is too long without a helmet.
Yeah.
He does, he does right up there with, uh, the...
That's what I just got to say before.
That's where he came in the conversation.
Get out of here.
Did that one exactly what I just said?
Yeah, I feel like I heard that before.
He said he played too much football without a helmet.
That was yesterday we had, it was in the story about dumb people and about, uh, Africa was about.
But I mean, anybody knows that.
It's been around more than five minutes.
And, uh, I don't care what anybody says.
His stupidest is this moron as we got in there now.
Gerald Ford was like, what do you believe me?
He was a congressman from Michigan for 35 years.
He had ever introduced one piece of legislation in 35 years.
He was, he's a moron.
And the other thing they said about him is he couldn't walk in chew gum at the same time,
because that one time he stumbled coming off the plane,
coming off the Air Force One, and he damn broke his neck.
Couldn't walk in chew gum at the same time.
That was Gerald Ford.
I mean, you're a president now, man.
He's in the bad, bad.
He's in Iraq.
He's another surprise, a visit by, a president.
Hopefully he'll stay there.
I'm sure he'll have his flowers in candy.
Yeah, and no, don't start now.
Be very careful unless you want somebody knocking at that door,
because I know where you're going.
We got 987 votes.
If you want the secret service, knock it on the door.
Just keep going right ahead.
Josh Cordis, by the way, is the one opening up a big mouth.
900 E7 votes.
Well, I think we're going to make a fasten by the top of the hour,
that we can go home.
That we can go take care of our big pregame parties for that game tonight.
I wonder how many other people watched the MNK Carolina game.
How many people in South Florida do you think watched the hockey game last night?
Ten.
Five-third, a man.
And believe me, even if they're hockey fans,
if they didn't watch it, it was a smart move.
Like I said in Godfather,
Tessu was always the smarter one.
It was a smart move.
Remember that?
Yes.
Hey, if you're a cigar smoker and like to kick back with a good fat one,
like the Beast does, morning, noon and night,
then be he a cigar by Tony Borhani is for you.
Do you ever smoke a big fat cigar?
Or a kid? Yeah.
I'm not talking about you.
I'm talking about you.
I'm talking about fat stuff.
Of course.
Have you?
Yes.
Well, good.
These hard to find cigars are made with first grade tobacco,
processed and aged up to 10 years,
but he is a real boutique cigar maker,
specializing in small batch hard to find tobacco.
But he a gold a flagship line gets a 91 rating
by cigar, fish and outer cigar, and cider,
and a 9.1 by Smoke Magazine.
This rich flavored, well-balanced, full-buddy,
Nicaragua and cigars got earthly hints of dark roast coffee,
chocolates, fice and pepper flavors.
Also be sure to try to be here to say
the hottest release of the garden last ten months,
that a sale gets a high rating of 91
by cigar, fish and outer cigar, and cider.
It's a big powerful cigar, man.
It'll blast your lungs out with complex notes of leather,
earth and pepper that finishes long and full body,
with additional spice and a note of chargue wood.
If you want to save yourself some cash,
save yourself 40% off on all the hea cigars,
when you call me, sure, and tell me that Neorodger is told you.
Call your save 40%.
Call him toll free, 1-800-35 by here.
That's 1-800-35-BAHIA.
This is Neorodger.
This is 5.16 Q.A.A.
I like Neorod's Paul.
Real American A-Holes.
Real American A-Holes.
We salute you, Mr. Guy,
who still thinks Bush is doing a good job.
Mr. Guy, is he doing Bush's job?
You commute to work with a smile on your face
as you pay $3.78 a gallon
and adjust the plastic Jesus on your dashboard.
Ha!
Bush's approval ratings are at an all-time low,
but you don't care.
You're a red stator,
and broke back Mountain never played a theater near you.
Don't watch brother we bear.
There's no such thing as global warming.
Those sinners in New Orleans,
cup of data serve,
and yes, the earth was created in seven days.
You'll tell me that it never will show.
The war in Iraq is a noble fight,
and by Gale,
one day we'll find those nasty weapons of mass destruction.
Ah!
So we salute you, Mr. Guy,
who still thinks Bush is doing a good job.
Your gas guzzling SUV,
your two points of children,
and your ignorance.
You are a real American A-Holes.
1046.
There's my good friend Susan Candy-Adiah,
Theron Clearwater Beach.
Alberta was gone.
It's still a little wind-as-bow,
a little bit,
but look at all of them people in the water, man.
Yeah, but all of them naked people all run and run.
Oh, there's Rob Marciano naked.
I beg your pardon?
He's in a little light-gar tower there.
No, he's not on there.
I just said that to get everybody all these queens all whipped up.
Oh, speaking of queens,
in a striking post at age magazine,
a leading magazine for the advertising community,
has asked Godless author Ann Coder to kill herself.
Very in the article,
a humorous attack on the mainstream media
was the following quote,
would it kill you, Godless author Ann Coder,
to do us all a favor and kill yourself?
After a recent rabidly hateful,
foaming at the mouth subhuman sedatio appearance,
in which he reiterated her assertion
at 9-11 widows are enjoying their husbands' deaths,
even her former supporters began to fantasize
about how much nicer the world would be
if it were cloteless.
No more man's culture.
I look at that,
they got those boxes up there on the weather map.
That one looks a hell lot more wild
and goosey than the one around the Noah thing.
You know, I've never seen the sedatio,
and I'm starting to like that Matt Lauer,
because now he's been in it with her and Tommy Cruz.
Yeah, you won't like him.
No.
No.
Ryan Lee in the Washington Blade,
I wonder is that as in Blade?
Yeah, blade, I'm sure it is.
Right.
This conservative queen is such a drag.
Another Ann Coder shot.
Well, good, let's read it.
Because obviously the calls aren't going to be today
what they were yesterday.
You know, you can never go back in this market.
It just never happens twice in a row.
When you get all whipped up an enthusiast,
it's like, wow, that is one over here.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Because yesterday was pretty heavy-duty, man.
They were like really into it.
And today, like, well, of course today, like you said,
they're all getting all whipped up for tonight.
Oh, yeah.
They don't want to spend their energy on me.
Well, I wasted when you can get all whipped up about tonight's big game, man.
Yeah.
And of course that soccer game that's on now,
and a Marlon game, there's always another game, you know what?
So how much is the beast, how much is the most you ever won on a wheel of fortune?
What is the highest thing you ever got on the line?
On the line without the wheel?
Yeah.
You get the wheel.
The wheel is for pansies, okay?
Why else to play it, but for the wheel?
You know, you're here in India.
So I think it was $2,700.
How can you get $2,700 on the line?
With what combination?
With like $2,500 or something.
There's no combination that gives you either one of those things, okay?
Listen, man.
You deal with your machine.
I'll deal with mine.
Yeah.
Yeah, I think I'm going to stick with my machine after you're hearing about you.
Are you talking about our quarters now on dollars?
No, that was on quarters.
In quarters?
You got 12.
I guess maybe you could.
I don't see how you can do that.
No, you can't.
You can't get that.
The most you could get $4,000 or $1,000 on the line of quarters.
So you're not talking to something obvious now.
You're not talking to Robert Greeper, okay?
Who's going to lay down on the floor and, you know, set company and get it?
That's not true, though.
What?
It is true.
No, it's not.
That's the most you can get.
The most you can get is $4,000 on the line.
If it's $4,000, it's $1,000.
Unless you want a jackpot.
If you want a progressive jackpot, but you had been with that.
No.
You'd have been talking about that for weeks if you had.
So you didn't even know what you've got.
You're all over the place.
You probably even played a stupid, pansy, double diamond ones instead of the five times ones.
No, I never did that.
No, don't do that.
I do play Monopoly.
That's quite a good game.
I can't figure that one out yet.
I'm a little too stupid of that, I guess.
I know the reason I didn't play it was like Nichols.
I thought of Monopoly Machine at Niagara Falls, but it was a Nickel Machine.
You think a guy like me is going to play Nichols?
Although you can play like 80 or 100 at a time.
You can play at a play.
So you're really playing like a lot.
You know what I'm saying?
I know what you're saying there.
How the hell does that work?
Monopoly.
It's the same concept as Willa Fortune.
When you get to Monopoly thing, it goes around the board and it just keeps going, man.
It just keeps giving you money.
It just keeps on giving you money.
Okay, I'll try to find one of those machines.
It just keeps on giving me money.
Anyway, Ryan Lee writes, this conservative queen is such a drag.
We don't want to get to bog down with these slot machine things out.
Because the worst thing you folks could ever do is get hooked on a bad machine mine.
Don't be a schmuck like me and sit there, you know, playing the same machine, feeding it and feeding it and feeding it and feeding it.
And then you look around and it's all that he recognizes every face.
All the same losers without a sad look on their face, feeding the same hungry machines mine.
Don't do it.
Ryan Lee writes, don't say someone from our community, meaning gay.
Goes off and does the most stupid or vile things imaginable.
And then people in the majority use such episodes as evidence that all gay people are subhuman autodies.
Gay men seem to disproportionately rank among the upper echelons of America's most notorious serial killers, John Wayne Gacy, Andrew Kuhnann and Wayne Williams.
And when it comes to tactless acts of violence, tasteless, none turns more people stomachs than Jeffrey Dahmer's buffet.
Then there were those routine reports of George Michael getting busted or some gay guy winning a million dollars on TV
and then serving four years in federal prison for not paying taxes.
In reality, of course most killers and cheats are heterosexual.
All gay people aren't perverts or homicidal.
But it still troubles me when one of us gets the public spotlight and goes out of his way to prove how immoral and sick we can be.
That's why I'm so upset that they gutter-trampt-turned-arch conservative political commentator and coder.
I mean, she is family, isn't she?
With such a pronounced Adam's apple and soothing veritone voice, I always assumed she was a pre-op transsexual.
Thank God she isn't really because she would be a true insult to every trans-dated American.
She's about as feminine as a linebacker for the Fulton County Prison football team and if God is making female faces like quarters these days,
well let's just say that even I'm more glad to be gay.
As if her nose job didn't do the job, Coder decided to again beg for attention recently by saying some immature and vicious things about several widows who lost their husbands during the 9-11 terrorist attacks.
He she's said something about the...
He she...
He she's said something about the wives enjoying the profits and platform they receive from their husbands' death or some cracked out statement like that.
To be honest, I'm surprised at so much outrage about what Coder said like his her brain dead means girded verbal attacks on people of something new.
Someone find a Coder attractive, that would be new.
This is a person who helped elevate a...
BJ and when an impeachable offense to him built Clinton's presidency, who wrote it and said, I can't say the whole word because you'll dump it.
Who wrote an entire book that said the homophobic anti-communist crusader Joseph McCarthy was misunderstood thanks to liberal history teachers in the media and who thinks anyone doesn't kiss George W. Bush's ass is on patriotic.
Fortunately for us, Coder has an obsessive hatred of, well, everything.
As such, he hates herself and does not identify as a drag queen and so people won't blame our community for her ridiculous rants.
It seems like there was a time in the 90s when folks like Coder, Jerry Falwell, Pat Robertson, people who make millions of dollars slandering the morality of others were rightfully on their way to being marginalized in American disclosure, dismissed...
... is American discourse dismissed as the wackos that they are.
But thanks to things like Fox News, President Bush and America's visceral hatred of gay people, there were some more prominent than ever, both on TV and at the policy-making table.
Why else do you think such a fuss was made over Janet Jackson's wardrobe malfunction or why the words condom and sexually can't be said in public schools, HIV curricula?
It's a relief to know that they're standing on their last leg making one more desperate attempt to keep intolerance alive.
Every time Coder advocates boiling immigrant babies, maybe more people will see how perverted the rest of the world view is.
Maybe we ought to boil man Coder, what are you saying? Can you imagine the stench would come from that?
It's a pretty good article from a case.
Yeah.
1020 votes on the poll we got, 1020 baby, WBZ, 10103. What's 1020? KDKA.
See if the beast was on top of things he'd have jumped right in there with WBZ.
1030, man.
Radio 103, WBZ.
Where they made a race station before you were born.
How much do you care about the Miami Heat? We got a thousand and twenty votes already.
I don't give a shmit. 3991, 38.3% they do not care. That was my vote. I couldn't care less.
I have no interest. I'm not going to pretend to have an interest now.
To be a phony bandwagon jumper. They don't need one more phony bandwagon jumper.
You have more than enough. I'll watch some and read the result. 399. That's about 30%.
About 30, man.
I'll watch some and read the result. Big fan will watch every playoff game, 199, 19.5%. All right.
They're on the edge of their seat waiting for tonight because they know if they lose their done, they're dead meat.
I'll read about the scores but won't watch 109. That's another 10.5%.
So if you had that one with the first one, you got almost 50%.
And I hate this poll only 13, 1.2%. So generally speaking, they like this poll, huh?
Yeah.
So just like I think it was 47% of the Sun Central poll yesterday that either didn't care or just wouldn't watch and would just read the score.
They're very indifferent or couldn't care less.
There were a lot of votes too. How many votes were there? Like 7600.
Like I said.
And we got a 1022 and we got almost 50% of our negativity crowd.
Either don't care at all or just they might they might check the score out. That's about it.
We'll watch. How do you like that? Huh? As opposed to some people who think that the whole all South Florida is waiting, man.
They're just sitting on the edge of their seat with their finger deep inside their foam nose.
56670560.
560 and they've arrived in Singular Warrows line.
Very, very weak phone action here today.
Why don't you amazed after yesterday? The product of the beast is there.
It's my fault. WQA M. Hello. What are you intimidating?
You're intimidating. WQA M. Hello.
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how are you, sir?
Okay. I just come back from Niagara Falls.
I just on the Canadian side. Then I'm about to fall view.
Yes, I did. Yes, I did.
And I took the ride also to Toronto on the second, which in the subway over there,
which I didn't know about.
They're still blowing up, whatever, but they have a beautiful mall in there.
You took a ride to Toronto on the subway from Niagara Falls?
No, no, no. I drove to Toronto.
Oh, I see.
My first ride on the subway, but for people telling everybody that Canadians are rude,
that's that. I didn't find it.
Whoever said that, they're talking about French Canadians.
That's a different breed, man. That's a whole different deal.
Okay. Well, anyway, I went to the falls. There is beautiful.
People find everything. And went to the casino where you're talking about.
And my wife lost about maybe 40, 50 bucks is all but.
Wow. Well, I wasn't.
I know. It's nothing but you.
We had a great time up there. I just wanted to tell you.
And if anybody hasn't gone, that's a very, very beautiful site. It's a breathtaking.
Yes, it is.
Okay. You have a great view.
You can lose real bad. It's a good place to jump.
Okay. Thanks a lot, Kelly. I'm glad you're here.
The falls view and agro falls is really great. You're right.
Peace will love that. You really would. You're going nuts there.
I'm about to go on your honeymoon there.
Where are you going?
A cruise.
You're such a...
And then to Vegas.
1057 at 560 WQM. I've been telling you for years.
I'm going to interject something right now.
And then it's got nothing to do with you or with any of that.
We have reached a point.
And I know I could just ride out the rest of this week.
I got vacation next week. I got the summer schedule for all.
Summer long until after Labor Day after that.
So I could just keep my mouth shut.
But we have reached a point. I don't know if it's only on this show or some of the other people are also grumbling or...
I don't know what's going back on it with this new sales guy.
We don't...
Copy. I'll say it again. If you say the word copy to him, he runs out of the building and goes up and down 440 and screaming like a child.
These are crazy people, okay?
It doesn't change. Nothing is happening here, okay?
Nothing is happening. I feel like Bellevue Brian.
You know what I'm saying? The medications don't work here, you know?
Something's got to start happening, baby.
Something's got...
Let's get Dick Vitale in there, baby.
You know what I'm saying? Jesus, God.
Is it just me? No, it's not just you.
No. I mean, something's got to give.
You've got to come up with some copy, man.
You people back there in that sales department.
You've got to start doing something.
I mean, our copy on this radio station is state of the last year's Saltine crackers, okay?
That's how bad it is. You know, those little crackers that you put in...
Those little oyster crackers you put in the clam chowder?
Yeah.
Some of the ones they made 40 years ago are in better condition than our copy on this station.
Something has to happen.
Somebody's got to rattle somebody's cage, okay?
Somebody's got to run up and down the hall, scream it, waddling, screaming like a maniac, okay?
That's it.
To wait these bastards up.
For years, I've been telling you to call dial amatrus when the old amatrus wears out
in his lumpy and lumpy and crappy.
Call 1-800-Matrus to deliver within a tour window.
They have an eligible bedding consultant going to take care of you.
And they have prices that are unbeatable all year round.
If you thought dialing 1-800-Matrus on the phone was easy, check out their website, macfris.com.
Shop on the web anytime they were night with product details, prices, and photos.
You can check out online or call to place your order in schedule delivery.
Get factory direct prices lower than the chain stores even during their so-called big sales.
Plus, dial amatrus gives you 12 months financing too.
A combination that's unbeatable.
Dial amatrus offers a complete line of silly, served at King Coral, Steer and Zabena
and his foster, Tempapita Consumments 2.
When you call 1-800-Matrus, you get unbeatable prices.
And like I've been telling you for years, the best in customer service too.
That's why dial amatrus is ranked numeral Uno.
I've been using them for years.
I guarantee you, I'll be back to the beast's life on it.
You're love them.
Call 1-800-MATTRES.
Leave off the last S because it stands for STAIL.
This is Neil Roger.
Oh, this is 5.62 AF.
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
You say you want to get married?
Well, let me give you some advice.
If you want to be horny-bother, it's the old life.
Always make a Jewish woman a white book from a mad person who's wearing a gem.
Yeah, that shits us the married youth.
If you want to be horny-bother, it's the old life.
Always make a Jewish woman a white book from a mad person who's wearing a gem.
You should never marry a Jew.
If you wish, why this might be a curse?
I can't think of anything else.
All she ever wants to do is shop.
Take your credit card and never stop.
Show's no interest at all in sex.
She only cares about your paycheck.
You are never gonna get laid.
You'll regret what's underneath me, you may.
If you want to be horny-bother, it's the old life.
Always make a Jewish woman a white book from a mad person who's wearing a gem.
Yeah, that shits us the married youth.
If you want to be horny-bother, it's the old life.
Always make a Jewish woman a white book from a mad person who's wearing a gem.
You should never marry a Jew.
When your honey moon is finally through,
There are things she's never gonna do.
She only cares about her nails and hair.
And I doubted about what's down there.
You are gonna feel like a smuck,
Cause you're never gonna get to find out how it feels to be.
And turn away, practice in severed pursuits.
If you want to be horny-bother, it's the old life.
Always make a Jewish woman a white book from a mad person who's wearing a gem.
Yeah, that shits us the married youth.
If you want to be horny-bother, it's the old life.
Always make a Jewish woman a white book from a mad person who's wearing a gem.
You should never marry a Jew.
It's 11.05 at 5.60 WDQM or just warming you up for tonight's big game, baby.
The Marlin game, Marlin's in the braves.
Oh, I never thought about that.
Do you ever stop and think about how desperate that's gonna be?
So for maybe a smattering of braves fans, I mean, with that big game number three coming up tonight,
A must-win game, Daniel of Bastard in the Herald says it's the biggest game in the history of mankind.
I mean, it's not gonna be any more desperate than it is any usual.
That's a good point, but at least it'll be good excuse anyway.
Got a thousand and forty-four votes on the pool.
We don't need any excuses on here.
Our job is done. Our work is done.
Your work is not done out there on it because the phones are dead as a door nail to them.
And this is embarrassing.
Have the beast come in and take a look at this and probably report back to his buddy there, you know, Robert.
5.670560, Tom 560 and leave Verizon and sing it a wireless line.
WDQM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, that hurricane, I didn't do much for a sound here.
Pretty much blue.
Yeah.
But the British petroleum is open on Hollywood Boulevard and I hope you're...
Yeah.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Hey, you wanted good calls, man.
Yeah, that's right. That was good. That was informative, man.
Let's start getting the list of all the places that aren't closed because of the hurricane that wasn't that never happened.
Alberto. Huh? Alberto Vio5.
Look at this, fall, man.
I think we even caught up with the delayed is dead as a door nail. I'm really disappointed bitterly.
You don't think that even the retards went away for the holidays, do you?
Yes. Some are time they don't go there.
Only pray.
5.670560, Tom 560 and leave Verizon and sing it a wireless line.
So they just... they won't let you screw off, man.
After yesterday, I thought, oh, I got this great Stephen Hawking story.
Oh, yeah?
Yep. He says that we're going to have to go out of this world.
We're going to have to find other places to live because we're destroying the planet.
What the hell? I just do it. I just lost it.
Or there it is. Hawking says humans must go into space.
And then we can all sound like him.
And we'll be up to that.
Like that.
Hey, I got an idea. Let's put Stephen Hawking on from 2 to 4.
What do you say?
Okay.
We can call it the Hawking a China show.
Vomity QAM. Hello.
Hey, man. How are you doing?
Okay, paly.
Hey, isn't it great that the Jebsons got no comment on Ken Jenny?
Vomity QAM. Hello.
How about Neil?
Yes, sir.
Neil, you talked about that.
What's your thing?
Are you going to go with it?
What?
No.
No.
He was a great boy too.
Yeah, he was.
And the monkey doing set the sail out.
Okay, great.
See, I told you we get some good ones in there.
How about Bobby Hunter's?
How's she's doing?
How's she be doing?
And Tug Boyd.
56670560.
And they drive in to get a wireless line.
Vomity QAM. Hello.
Can I go with it?
KuaM.
With a radio crank.
Way up loud.
Yes.
Oh, I got it.
Neil, how are you doing?
I told you.
Big Buhahah down here.
Big Wi-nothing.
There's nothing going on up there.
Everybody is just going.
Jumpa, jumpa, jumpa, jumpa, jumpa, jumpa, jumpa, jumpa, jumpa, jumpa, jumpa, jumpa, jumpa, jumpa, jumpa, jumpa.
Vomity QAM. Hello.
Yes.
This is Officer Steve.
I'm sitting on the side of the road here.
I want to say something about your poll.
And I'll wait for this chick.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh, they're going better.
I wonder if, yes.
Yeah, I told you they'd pick up.
It took them a little while to get the motivated.
They probably spent a lot of energy last night at the big soccer parties.
You know, celebrating the U.S. loss to the Czech Republic.
Boy, I'm going to tell you something.
You talk about, but I'm not sure which is more boring.
The hockey game between Caroline and the Oilers last night.
That was coma inducing.
It was just the third time.
It was so bad that they had Kelly Rudy came on with about 10 minutes left in the third period
to tell us all that Edmonton wasn't going to tie up the game.
They were done last night.
They just didn't show any signs of having any energy and they were going to end.
They didn't.
They just thought.
I'm not sure if that was worse or the U.S.
All the least in the soccer game, man.
When the U.S. got behind two-nothing and then three-nothing, they started playing really dirty, man.
They were really gooning it up.
And they were like elbowing those guys at the Czech Republic guys in the head.
That was great.
You can't play good.
Goon it up, man.
Goon it up.
WKYM, hello.
It puts the Edmonton all over the world.
WKYM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I was wondering if you might play the bit of with Bush being in the green zone.
The old bit about the United States turning over control of the green zone to the Iraqis.
And they're saying like, hey, stick around for a while.
What's your hurry?
Oh, yeah.
I know what you're talking about.
But if you think it would have fired that.
I know the name of that.
I know what he's talking about.
Just vaguely.
He doesn't.
How many QIMs, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
QIM?
QIM.
Okay, I got a little something here.
You got it.
You got it.
You got it at foot.
You got it at foot.
You got it at foot.
You got it at foot.
An M.
M?
Yeah, WWF.
Yes?
You're right.
Oh, boy.
Don't be in a big, hey, listen.
This is just the beginning, baby.
This is only the beginning.
I want one of you to go out in a hallway and just start screaming.
Yeah, I'm suffering from joebell disease.
I'm suffering from burnout.
Not QAM burnout, not radio burnout.
I got joebell burnout.
What's that like?
It's like nothing I've ever had before.
It's worse than like leprosy.
It's just horrendous.
What are the things?
It's like you're breaking out in cold sweats all the time.
Like this guy is a...
Of course, he handed the keys to the kingdom over to the beast and his boyfriend there, so we'll be okay.
You know, his boyfriend that handsome young man?
That's right.
Now, you should tell the beast about that.
Huh?
You didn't hear that?
No.
After this big summit meeting there on Friday of which came absolutely nothing, of course, with Norma Kent and joebell and your buddy Clarence, your boyfriend, your partner in crime.
So I get the call for the report on it later in the afternoon from Norma.
And one of the first things he has to tell me is that, well, he met Clarence for the first time and he's a very handsome young man.
Oh!
Yes, see?
Even you who used to sleep with him, even you.
See? He's doubled over and when he's doubled over, man, it's like trying to fold up a bowling ball.
Yeah.
Now, this is...
And you wonder why I'm depressed and frustrated?
This is my age.
This is my life.
The rest of my career is hinging in the hands of this queen, okay?
You're fair, Alma.
He makes those people write in about Rob Marciano like, at least Rob looks good anyway, you know?
From a certain angle, from a distance.
That's the upshot of the meeting, okay?
That's what came out of this big summit.
Is that Clarence is a handsome young man.
Think about it.
I think there would be those people would say even you are a handsome young man compared to that, you know, compared to whatever that is.
Oh, good gravy.
He said something about that too, but I can't repeat it.
1113 at 560 WQM, hey, if you want to take good care of your tussies, man, make sure you buy your shoes at a place where you're going to give you the best selection, and make sure you get a perfect fit every time.
We're talking of course about brandy shoes in Pompano Beach.
Brandy's curious, all your major brands that you know in love in one, like Floreshrime and Echo, new Balanced Mephisto, rockport hush puppies,
and terms of other name brands and all sizes for men and women, and with Father's Day coming up this Sunday, what a great gift idea there would be for Dad too.
Go into Brandy's and pick out a pick-up pair.
Go see our good buddy Arnie. He'll make sure you get the right fitting shoes for your feeder, dads or whoever's it might be at the right price every time.
Brandy's only sell shoes, not pop-up toasters, not vibrators.
So the only thing you have to worry about is going in there and getting a great deal.
Size selection and service, you can always count on Brandy's.
There are 12-9 neurofederal highway in Pompano Beach between Atlantic and Copa down to Eastside. You can't miss it.
Brandy's open every day, seven days a week for your shopping convenience, Monday through Saturdays till 9, and every Sunday till 5.
And this week is a great week to shop for Father's Day of Brandies.
Save up to 40 bucks a pair on rockport, floor, shaman, and new balance men's shoes.
And get a free gift with purchase too, so what's not to like?
Be sure to get in there and do your Father's Day shopping at Brandies or you can shop right online at brandyshews.com.
This is Meal Rogers. This is 5.62 am.
It's Transpared sovereignty to anew of my Raki government two days earlier than anticipated.
Here now is an excerpt from the official proceedings.
This is an amazing day in the history of two countries.
What's going on?
The United States and Iraq.
That's you and me. What are we doing here?
Chief Justice Mady Di Mamud.
Hello! Here you go.
Here you go. Why? What's this, keys?
It's all yours.
What's our own mind? You give me a car?
No, no, no. A rack.
A rack?
It's under your control. We're out of here.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Paul.
What's wrong?
It's too early. You've got two days left.
And then I was going to talk to you about that.
I think we should push him back.
Well, no. We figure since we should get it, we'll head to schedule it.
We're going to get cold.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Head to schedule. I don't even have shoes.
I don't have no police. There's no cars.
They got to throw the rocks.
We got nothing. We're going to get out of the green zone.
No, no, no, no, no. Don't go from the green zone.
What do you mean?
Take a deep breath and relax. I'm still a little while.
I got you to nice place there.
It's only two days. What's the difference?
It's too much. It's too fast.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Wait a minute. Don't go.
We're not ready.
You're fine.
We are not ready.
I don't own a pair of shoes.
Maddie, you're very funny. We're going to get cold.
No, no, no. That's not to be funny.
Say this all along.
I know. We're not ready.
You can't come in.
Bob, have my country and then give me the keys and say it's all yours.
But it's all coming together.
It's all coming together. They should at me in the road.
The people are happy now that Saddam is gone.
No one is happy.
Look at that kid over there.
Is it a happy smile on over there?
That's what your president says. They love, they love, they love.
They don't love.
Shoot a tree if I get one between the eyes. It's over.
Well, that's why I'm leaving.
I, I, I, I, I've hurt my foot.
I can't block.
I shut about a worse than now.
The interim prime minister, Ead Al-Awahi, says everything is going to be okay.
Al-Awahi, wait a minute. What are you telling them everything's going to be okay for?
This is stupid.
I didn't think he took me seriously.
What are you doing?
I didn't think I had an operation.
What are you doing?
The prime minister even said to me that you guys are capable of controlling the security situation.
I mean, it's a tie-up program and we are not.
We cannot control nothing.
You understand that?
Not even my bladder.
Look at every beat himself.
We can't control this.
You stay, you gotta stay.
Please step off.
Please stay. Don't go.
Please stay.
Don't leave.
Please stay.
Don't leave.
We're out of here.
I'm not. Bye-bye.
Leave the gun.
I'm sorry to have to say.
The United States of America.
Glad to help.
Twenty past eleven.
Now, can you believe I actually found that?
Always at it.
That was it. That was the one.
It killed some good time.
I'll say that.
Yes, it did.
174 votes on a pull.
Your president making a surprise.
A trip to a wreck again.
He's in Baghdad right now.
I'm getting choked up about it.
I'm probably so the Iraqis.
Oh, oh.
Panther Kennedy.
Okay.
To driving on the influence of prescription drugs.
And you will actually have to be...
It's really driving out of the influence.
How do you like that?
Is that some big news?
A truck in Kennedy.
Join QM today from 2 to 4 with Gully.
And then send it to the network.
Eddie K.
QM's White Hot Heat Headquarters of Kexa the day.
In Miami.
It's really heat intensive.
We're not phone call intensive right now.
We just went through a pretty good sweep calls there.
We did.
Tell me that was it.
Got a couple good ones.
Got a couple of fabulous ones.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
And 05, 60 in the Verizon and the Singular Redis line.
It's really something, man, between the Alzerk Kawi thing.
And Al Bush shows up in Iraq.
And you'll see...
You'll see the Democrats will once again blow it in the American public.
But we're a little bit just dumber than they're getting sucked in again.
Just keep lying to us and lying to us.
Just tell us anything.
You want any propaganda you want.
We love it.
And the polls already starting to twist and turn a little bit.
And all this other crap.
All has to fight.
And of course Carl Rove gets off.
I'll have his fine handwriting underneath it.
WDQIM, hello.
QIM.
Hello.
Hello.
Excuse me, Elijah.
Yes, sir.
Earlier, feeling burnt out.
Have I got a pardon?
Yeah, I'll call him.
He doesn't know what it do be.
Yeah, okay.
WDQIM, hello.
I'm just burnt out on Joe Bell.
I just sent him an email.
QIM, hello.
I had to do it.
I had to do it with suicide.
I do have a nice patio here on the ninth floor.
WDQIM, hello.
I need that.
Yeah, good.
WDQIM, hello.
QIM.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
I just want you to know that it's raining and fort Myers.
And we can hear you on the radio.
Yeah.
That's all.
Okay, well, I'm going to stop the waiting.
Okay.
Sounds like you're waiting.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Well, that's right when it rains, actually.
Here's on the west coast.
Maybe that bitch's joy is going to hear us today.
That bitch, that slut, that obnoxious piece of turd.
That was a good article of one of the other days that they don't want to use the word, but it rhymes with what they do on fourth down in football.
Phenomenal.
That was really sensational.
That's you, Joyce.
WDQIM, hello.
QIM.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Could you please say a prayer for me?
WDQIM, hello.
Hey, maybe it was that cop again.
Yeah, that sounds like Steve the cop.
Maybe he finally caught that chick.
And it's great when they got their gizmos all wound up and ready to go.
It's fabulous.
It's just tremendous.
I have no life.
WDQIM, hello.
These are the same people, by the way, who spend most of the day on the Rob Marciano website.
QIM.
Swing, swing, backboard.
WDQIM, hello.
Neil.
I guess that would be dead bird, wouldn't it?
Yes.
The other day I was watching Lou Dops.
I guess who was on there are all friends, Randy Roads.
Yeah.
She wouldn't give any buzz.
She wouldn't give anybody a chance to say anything.
She wouldn't give any buzz.
She has all the answers.
She is an expert on all the things.
She is the Raven Maven, right?
I can't believe it.
I tried to call her one day to tell her when she was on your station, she was spun.
She didn't come out to be an expert about world and country affairs.
Now she knows everything there is to know just after.
That is correct.
What happened to her?
What do you mean what happened to her?
I guess she was the senior, huh?
5670560, she had a very handsome lady like the experience.
And, Tom 5670, you noticed the way the beast blurred it out when I reported that to him?
Just blurred it right out.
He has gone out by the way, Tommy is with us.
Couldn't handle it.
Well, that probably put him over the edge.
He probably has to go for therapy now.
Oh, I see.
I got Tommy back again today.
It is kind of like mixing match.
I just sent an email to Joe Bell, a response to his insipid email I got yesterday.
And I said, I never really been a very suicidal person, but between him and Clarence,
they are starting to change my whole attitude about that.
WNQAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you were talking about Malalooka's the other day.
I know the whole story of the Malalooka in Florida.
Whoever had them in ought to be shot.
The same people I brought, just like the people I brought the Bufo Toads,
that's the University of Miami.
His name was Napoleon Bonaparte-Groward.
And his idea was to drain the Everglades and build houses there by any sheet of the Everglades of Malalooka's feet.
They could have it with the fuck up of the water and they could go...
Yeah, it could be wrong, but I think so.
We're just practicing for George.
Hey, if you love voting and who the hell doesn't want to get out of the water, you're really otter.
But don't do it the stupid way by spending a lot of money to buy a vote and then having to go through all the maintenance and grief.
Do it the smart way by renting one from Clobnotico.
Just call him at 1-800-Bolt-Rent and they'll take care of all the hassle for you.
1-800-Bolt-Rent, you'll be amazed just how easy they make having a vote is.
There's no docking cost, no expensive upkeep, no insurance, no hurricane preparation.
And boy, we sure got a good little bit of a scary ass today, huh?
Uh-huh.
Almost the first hurricane of the season.
With the vote from Clobnotico, it's totally stress-free and really affordable too.
You don't have to really respawn.
But if you want to go right ahead.
Call 1-800-Bolt-Rent, no getting the vote ready.
Clobnotico does it for you.
No cleaning up either because guess what they take care of that as well.
And Clobnotico, here's the way it works.
You just hop on your vote, go ahead a great time when you're done pouring the docked off,
and walk away and let them take care of all the rest.
Clobnotico, 1-800-Bolt-Rent from unlimited voting to pay as you go,
from small boats to yacht charters, it's Clobnotico.
Call 1-800-Bolt-Rent, let's Clobnotico Taylor apply to fit your needs and your budget.
Get on the water today, the hassle free, the inexpensive way, with Clobnotico.
1-800-Bolt-Rent.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5-16-Q-A-M.
Howard David's a bitch.
Straight down south, where the mud was noob to hang from trees and play banjo.
You got some cool home, a station on, you banged old raiding old.
Now as Norge, Carolina goes, rallies of big city and old, and that's where the beesleaves had to go for Golly Riley Jones.
1-2-G-M, he'll do what he can.
Shake your hand like a friend, and quickly walk away.
Yes, they had Jones, goes to 5-6-0 with braiding and the toilet bowl to get those,
blaming for cold mobs in order and control.
And then so Golly Rolly, go above Junder and in the know he lets moat.
Go and here's what blows his Golly, his own show.
He'll make a big change, and re-arrange.
It's worse on the same, he hasn't done a thing.
Or goes on the air at two, Joe don't have a stinkin' clue about a poor,
not better than to lead most for all radio.
The G-M of 5-6-0, Golly Rolly Jones.
It's 1100 votes even on a poll right now, how do you like that?
It's only 1132, and we got 1100 votes.
So you think we've done enough work for one day?
Ground for eight days.
Plus these fantastic calls are we've had so far.
Too bad Tommy missed some of these in the last few minutes, sir.
Oh, at last one was pretty good about Napoleon Bonaparte-Brower, and he was good.
Let's keep him coming, baby.
5-6-7-0, 5-60, Tom 5-60 leave a rise in singular wireless line like I told you,
man, most of America, more Americans expressed optimism about the war in Iran,
back after the killing of terrorists, mashtomine, Abu Musab al-Zakawi,
suggested a new poll release yesterday, but a majority still believes the invasion was a mistake.
Now keep in mind what's going on there every day, the murder in the bloodshed and the hysteria,
and on the verge of all-out civil war, the poll found that 43% of respondents said the war is going either very well or moderately well.
Right.
Wow, now that would be like 43% of the heat fans said that the series so far is going moderately well or very well for the heat.
That's a good comparison.
Yeah. 62% of Edmonton Oiler fans said they think the series is going fantastic so far.
It's just pathetic.
No wonder Stephen Hawking says that the people ought to be in outer space.
Nobody QYM, hello?
QYM? Yes sir.
What's up, bus?
Question for you.
I was reading the Rolling Stone article last Rolling Stone talk about the 2004 stolen presidential election.
Yeah.
What?
I don't understand why only a handful of Democrats spoke up.
What was the negative if they made it?
Did you see Fahrenheit 9-11?
Of course.
Okay, did you remember the scene when the Black Caucus was asking for one member of the Senate to sign a resolution asking for a recount of the vote and investigation?
I know, I saw the question.
There wasn't one Senator.
There wasn't one Senator who had the balls to sign on and support the Black Caucus.
Not Ted Kennedy, not Chris Stuy, not John Kerry, not Russ Finegold, not Al Gore, not anybody.
But what did they have to lose me?
I left it on trying to get that the angle I'm trying to get to.
I don't know why they wouldn't speak up.
I mean, there was a lot of people that couldn't refuse, I don't know.
Maybe they also had no back goal.
I don't know the whole thing.
That's confused me a lot.
Although, do you remember the way Kerry, I'm the day after the election, and already asking the question to about Ohio and about the exit polling?
And he chose to, as usual, winp out because that's his specialty is when it doubt he whips out.
He had all his balls back in Vietnam and then when he came home from the war and opened up a big mouth and told the truth about it.
And then since then they like to debalt them.
What is Patrick Kennedy on here? Have a good one Patrick.
We got a big game tonight, Pat.
Maybe he can drink some of them a tequila deals.
Don't forget our white hot heat headquarters at the catch of the day, Miami, we got Geltie and Ted 2-4.
No!
And then he and I attended to it.
Of course, if the heat or losing at that point, it might not be too much of a celebration.
I think they're loose tonight. I don't think so.
You know something, maybe they will.
How is that soccer match coming, maybe at the World Cup, between Togo and Korea?
Oh, they must be at halftime.
Under 21 level, we've got coaches in our system in Canada.
Well, okay, good. That's great. Let's get right on that.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, how you doing, Pali?
Okay, sir.
Two things. Number one, I've been to two of the mini-blockbuster movies this year with my son.
And it was X-Men and it was this other one with the mission of Hospital Free.
And you don't know, he's not really enjoying the movie.
There's so much computer generation now that you don't even know ever since the Matrix came out.
What's really happening if they're acting or they're putting them in a screen and everything's generated?
What do you think about that?
Even if they'd go in back, the Godfather was amazing.
This was like 101, you're standing there.
I mean, not even the bullet scenes were like computer generated. This was unbelievable.
Okay, what do you think?
He asked me that.
What do you think about that?
I don't. You know what I think? I think that should be his worst problem.
Good point.
That's an old saying my mother used to say that a lot should be your worst problem.
I would agree with that. In fact, boy, it could be worse if you could have Joe Bell.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, or you could have Chris Jones.
I've not mentioned time and there was a lot about that copy situation.
You get some good new copy in there in the production?
Every day.
Because worse or not,
Staler than last year's Halava.
Old,
Stale,
Unacceptable.
That's what it is.
I want you to go down to Hal right now, Tommy.
I want you to take a cherry bomb and stick it right in Chris Jones's ass.
Right.
Okay.
And then run, what?
Or maybe just a stick a dynamite would do.
And then run like hell.
Come in the QAM. Hello.
That's what they need somebody to light a fire under the rest.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I need you to play for me the, the park in the Godfather where Michael and Fred are.
Get out of here.
The same guy again.
I need you to play for me in a Godfather.
Get out of here.
Go play a, a part easy, okay?
3QAM. Hello.
Listen, Hill Rogers.
Yes.
You have to rent a movie, a man by dog.
It's a must.
I, you know, good film.
Get with it, man.
You're with it.
He's telling me to get with it.
Excellent.
Okay.
Man, vice it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, I think I've seen that one.
5, 6, 6, 8, and they've rising and singular, right with a slide.
He also told you.
Yeah, I heard that part.
That was the signal.
QAM. Hello.
God, Fred the Lord.
God.
WQAM. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
It's an honor and a pleasure to speak to you on this day.
Uh-huh.
Are your daughters wedding?
Well, maybe.
Maybe my son.
How about the revolving door slot?
They work for cheap.
What does that mean?
What language do you speak instead of revolving the door slot?
They work for cheap.
Why?
Agilish.
Sangilish.
He works for cheap.
Yeah.
You're going to get a free meal today.
Yeah.
That is all.
Okay.
You want to translate that for me?
No, just keep on going, man.
The revolving door slot, they work for cheap.
Okay.
Maybe that's why Gildi is on there.
Maybe he's got some kind of a deal.
They've got to pay him anyway.
So they may be.
I have no idea.
I mean, why would anybody who actually has any hearing put that on the year?
I don't know.
He's on.
He's on every day the rest of the week.
Today he's on tomorrow.
He's on Thursday.
He's on Friday.
But they got a plan.
Now, let me ask you, they got a plan.
But if you got any better ideas though before they tell you what their plan is.
Remember what I said today, Johnson and Friday?
There's an old scam with a track.
All these guys wander around these deadbeats.
I know who's going to win this race.
Tell me who it is now.
I'll let you know if you're right.
And they go around like all these different.
Or I got a better one than that.
They go like to.
There's eight horses in a race.
And they go like to eight different people.
I know who's going to win the race.
If you buy me a $2 ticket on the winner, I'll tell you who it is.
Tell you the one.
Then I'll go to somebody else and then they'll tell them the two.
And then they wind up with a $2 win ticket on every horse in a race.
And then of course the favorite wins and paid like $360.
So it really wasn't worth the effort.
Right.
1120 votes.
No, you don't know.
You're not a track first.
What do you know about the race?
Absolutely nothing about the race.
Good.
And you know what, you're a lot better off.
You're right about that.
Don't get started with this gambling crap, old man.
That's a bad way to go.
That's another problem of stations.
It got this gambling.
It's like a disease.
I had this discussion so many times over the last eight and a half years.
Is it a sports station?
Is it a gambling station?
There's a big difference, okay?
I'm watching ball games.
I don't have a bet on a ball game.
You know, I got enough problem with my machines that they would buy.
I don't have to worry about betting on ball games.
And betting on soccer matches.
In just crap like that.
Betting on hurricane baseball.
I mean, we're talking real, sifty, generous man.
I teased with the Jets and I took it off, and I
didn't even really know what language they were speaking.
Do you know what that means?
Not really.
I don't even know what that means.
I'm going to have to ask Hank if he's going to win.
I don't want to know what it means.
I don't want to.
Okay, if he's getting in on that, uh,
remember that storm betting, somebody asked him?
Oh, yeah.
That's right.
They were talking about say yesterday,
the odds of the hurricane,
how many are going to be and where's it going to end?
I don't know how many people are going to croak,
and how many blue roofs are going to be
your neighborhood, you know, they got the morning lot of ads on that. Although I'll be honest
with you, maybe that's a new format. Something to think about, Joe.
This is Neil Rogers. It's only been improvements. It's 5.60 QA.
The expense of power manure covers over this performance by the dolphin.
You're on from ten to two and when you shift is true tell George you can relax and
slow some me and then go tell Joe Bell that he can go to hell. He even almost
makes you discreet. Don't play a fart, the sound of a fart. I don't think
George would understand. Because if you play a fart, the sound of a fart,
you'll be in trouble with the diesel cam.
Oh, it's 1147. God forbid. I hear that Joyce has got this big strap on device.
Is the room where I'm here? Yeah, where'd you hear that? Oh, around,
round town. I hear that Joe is well at any rate. We're going to that next hour.
A rule designed by the EPA to keep groundwater clean your oil drilling sites and other construction
zones was loosened after the White House officials rejected it amid complaints by energy companies
that it was too restrictive and after a well-connected Texas oil executive appealed
a White House senior advisor Carl Rove. The new rule which took effect yesterday came after
years of intense industry pressure including court battles and behind the scenes agency
lobbying but environmentalist vowed that the fight was not over. Distributing internal White
House documents that they said portrayed the new rule as a political payoff to an industry
long line with the Republican Party in George W. In 2002, Texas oilman and longtime Republican
activist Ernest Angelo wrote letter to Rove complaining that an early version of the rule was
causing many in the oil industry to openly express doubts into the narrative electing Republicans
when wind up with this type of stupidity. Rove responded by forwarding the letter to top White House
environmental advisors and squalling a handwritten note directing an age to talk to those advisors
to get a response ASAP. Rove later wrote to Angelo assuring him that there was a keen awareness
within the administration of addressing not only environmental issues but also the economic
energy and small business impacts of the rule. Environmentalist pointed to the role correspondents
as evidence that the Bush White House, more than others, has mixed politics with policy decisions
that are traditionally left as scientists and career regulators. At the time, Rove oversaw the
White House political office and was directing strategy for the 2002 midterm elections. Angelo
had been mayor of Midland, Texas when Bush ran an oil firm there is also a long time honey partner
of roves. The two men first worked together when Angelo managed Ronald Reagan's 1980 campaign in
Texas for prison. Well there you go, more the same and nothing happened man. Just throw your arms
up in here. That's all you can do. Just drink some of that ciclos throw your arms up in here and say
screw it. That's all. Then that Napoleon Bonaparte-broward. I think the guy had a good point. He
left it all up. Nobody said? Yep. 5 6 7 0 5 60, town 5 60 and the Verizon Singular White House line.
We got Gully it catches the day at two. Any interest? WQA M, hello?
Oh Neil, give me a dose of me for a second. I'm showing you my radio off. Thank you.
Yes sir. You know I was thinking about this. I think the station made a mistake last week and not
putting Leslie Visser and Dick Stockton on. Oh yeah. No don't. At least you hear me out. They were
mentioned in the Monink, California and another very good and Leslie would add a lot to
I mean to be a different for I know it's a little rift but then you just move people around. I mean
what are you talking about? We ought to put them on in the morning permanently. Is that what you're
saying? I think that if they worked out I should give them a try. Well what do you mean if they
worked out they never wanted to be wrong? I know. I don't know what happened. I was anxious actually
to listen. Yeah because no I thought of that they you know. So in other words you're suggesting
that the solution to our programming illicit QA M is to put Dick Stockton and Leslie Visser on in
a morning and warning drive. I think it's possible. I don't know. It's possible that $1,000 bills are
going to fall out of the sky and into your backyard in the half an hour. I don't think it's going to happen.
I don't either but I just thought that yeah well okay that's that idea. Wow. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60
leave a rise in singular right this line. How do you like that? Another programming expert out there.
I'll at least this guy had an idea. All right at least he had a suggestion. Yeah I wasn't a good one
but no that's correct but at least it's a start. WQAM hello. It's called burrito. 5 6 7 0 5 60 that's
our last call. Not even noon yet and they're out of material. And that pathetic or what?
Yes pretty bad. The little bit different from yesterday man yesterday they were ready willing and
able. Today uh-uh 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 leave a rise in singular wireless line. What's
going to be our next week all week long. Hope you and George got lots to talk about. I hope you
have a lot to talk about yeah. Huh? I hope he has a lot to talk about yeah. And Tommy don't
leave Tommy out of the equation. Yeah man I'll be here. He'll be around. Sure.
WQAM hello. Neil how are you doing? Okay sir. Good. Good. What do the kids bother about this?
They're going to keep saying leeson. Leeson come on get with it. Stop saying. What's in the
bottle? What is it about this? Joyce thing is. Is it? You're not uh uh you get the
follow the FTC you follow her so tomorrow's the week. That says you can't say hello. You
you're gonna go out the following if you just follow whatever she says now. Yeah and no I'm
going to say the she's just showing. I I want to give you a little bit of that. That's a bullet
and Joyce is destroying WQAM and Joe Bell is a willing coconut spirit and clearance is
up there and both of their ass that is correct. You got it. Wasn't that a very
perspicacious guy. He's a regular. He's a chronic so even even the listeners are aware of what's
going on. Now we're learning today and what would you like me to do about it sir? Okay would you
like me to play a bevy of fart sounds now would that make you feel like emancipated? These people
have come along they are strangling. They are destroying. They are butchering butchering what is
left of this radio station or butchering this show. They're butchering what we can play what we can
say what we can do and Norma Kent his is responses. Our clearance is a very handsome young man
and you wonder why I'm kind of playing waddling out there in my underwear out of the
ninth for my little line for a balcony and just taking a little dive off the edge. You wonder
why would that it's all what even ever crossed my mind. These these are not radio people these
are not even business people these are crazy people is what they are. And I don't care if anybody
you know you don't have to say a word but anybody who would try to compare the the environment
the situation the atmosphere the the whole ambiance of what the ratings I mean you name it.
What's happening at QM right now with even like six months to a year ago it's like the
difference between uh sirloin steak and elephant poop and believe me if the sirloin steak
ain't on the table right now because if it is it smells very strange to me. Yeah you follow
the one saying yeah we've got a totally different environment now and it responses but you
don't you like me. Oh don't you guys like me. Come on. That's our new GM don't you like me.
How do you like me so far? Well if I could play those sounds I'd let you know.
Love it. 143 votes out of pole man we got we got that licked. We got a real response on the pole
today that's the important stuff and a big response is 38.5 percent couldn't give a flying crap
less about the heat. How do you like that? Yeah. Put that in your pipe and smoke a big fat one.
WCYM hello. Hey good morning. Yes sir. Let's be business sharp. Uh Neil I got to say I'm surprised
that you even have no intent in your uh in my life. How you should have a measure of turning.
Yeah I'm not trying to say what to do but back in the old days you got what have been gone just like
the birds just like anybody else that wasn't doing what you told them to do. Yeah maybe it's time
for somebody else. I thought you just said you were a new listener. Oh 30 year listener.
I say it's all okay well that changes around just a little bit 30 years. Yeah norms out.
Okay bye bye Norma. Yeah that guy's right I keep saying that and I don't do it because I'm a
weak sister you know I should say goodbye to that sister. That guy's right. Would you agree? Yeah
give him the boot and yeah you're out Norma you're accomplishing nothing okay me when I
well I'm waiting for the results of this hour long meeting that's supposed to be a summer
meeting to address some of the many many issues that I have with this current regime we got
and the response the first thing I'm hearing is well uh basically two things two things number one
parenthesis of very handsome young man which believe me I mean that that's just you know attribute
to bad eyesight and the desperate queen and number two uh he's going to be sending he advises
I mean puts them I notice he's going to be sending them the letter this week that he knows they're
not going to pay any attention to. Now can you get much butcher than that? Oh no. No.
You think it much more macho than that. I guarantee a condor leaser is a lot more butcher than that.
I guarantee a man coater is a lot more macho than that. I was going to say misplug is even more
macho than that but that would be getting a little over the top. Bye bye Norma get out of my life
you loser you you idiot you quizzling and you ferry you know sometimes it's the things you can't
see that really are bad for you and self-footed for 28 years dry concepts is simply the best
of making your carpets look like brand new. I've used them myself for over 21 years they never let
you down. When you dry clean your carpets you really can with dry concepts you can clean today
and entertain the nights not just the slogan it's for true. Carpet stay cleaned along or with no
sticky residue left behind and with over 50,000 satisfied customers you know that they're doing a lot
of things right for a long time. Let me remind you that dry concepts also are the experts in water
damaged restoration keep that in mind during hurricane and storm season underway as in this moment.
Certified technicians get you out of the mold zone in minutes not days and dry concepts can get
your home of business dry within 24 to 72 hours it's guaranteed. The top of it all off dry concepts
as they still they are already under rug cleaning plant the only one in town on site that's dedicated
to keeping your expensive area rugs looking brand new. So do yourself a big favor call dry concepts
today they'll do a phenomenal job on even the most hopeless looking carpets so make them look like
you have brand new laid right on your floor call 1-800-248-5071 that's 1-800-248-5071 around the
wicked web log on to dryconcepts.com. This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62-8.
5.62-560-560-0.560 they've arrived in singular wireless lines kind of a really a tug
of war today with the Sony isn't it on this phone. I mean once they finally get gone man it's been
pretty much fabulous when you wouldn't that be the word you'd use. No not really what would the
word be you'd use. I'm not allowed to say that word. Oh indescribable. How about that one that's it
1160 votes on a pull we're going to have over 1200 by one o'clock holy moly rat man this is a
tumultuous response that's why they're not calling their busy online. What do you think? Yeah that's
happening about. W-Q-Y-M hello Q-Y-M heat headquarters. Yes. How you doing? Okay. I just
wanted to just mention about Ann Coulter. Can we put her on the border? She's a real
people send her over to Iraq and she can reach to the tree. Okay 5.670560 what do we
don't have any lady colors because there aren't any and Palm 560 is always the same always the same.
I feel like the somebody has turned a clock back and we got back to Mr. Broward and or even beyond
that Shirley Spetterberg and Irv Synder on the old KAT days point counterpoint even crossfire went
off here you know what I'm saying good she's always got that same tone of hysteria in her voice
you know I'm sure she means well but unfortunately the end result is like well you've had some bad
end results. Yes and that's where that was coming from right on the hind end W-Q-Y-M hello.
Yeah they heat kind of loose but we need to be speaking about our excuses for the dolphins this year.
Okay I'll call up one of the sports shows and call them in. 5.670560 maybe denti's culpepperers you
think that could be it or Ricky's in Toronto. Uh oh I see them I smell them. Maybe that was a big
spliffy with smoking that I smelled. I think that could have been it probably yeah that might have
been it. I smelted. 5.670560 pound 560 and they've arrived in Singular wireless line. How about
those Carolina Hurricanes man let's get hockey intensive what do you say. Fat with cross
with eye and a set of ropes and board takes it. No there you go there's some ancient
oilers in the bronze huh with old Bob Cool before it became a senile. There's some least TV I've
actually they are what's Raptor's TV got on there. Oh the Chuck's Worckey show. Oh Chuck's Worckey.
The first suit I actually bought for a job interview to show you. Count all mighty. Looks like he
was had a quincenies mouth or something. 5.6705 for something pound 560 and they've
arrived in Singular wireless line. WQAM hello QAM. WQAM hello. Yes sir. Yeah speaking.
I think that's the good. See the easy thing you just let go all the way through and then just
give it a bit of that point because I don't understand. Two of us. Tell me what kind of cell phone
you got. So I can get a hell of a phone man fantastic the best let's do some spots for them. 5.670560
pound 560 and they've arrived in Singular wireless line. WQAM hello. J. Neil how you doing.
Okay sir. I got a plan. I don't know how good it is but let's pick oral. Now let's ask you that
doesn't have to do with Dix Stockton Leslie Visser. No it has to do with getting rid of Joyce. Yeah okay
I'm saying this way because of her meddling and so forth. I've lost my needle rikers. So
that's actually lawsuit. In ten dollars every listener and start a class action lawsuit. Yeah and
they ten dollars will pay the attorneys. How about a real attorneys as opposed to Norma
Kent how about like a real attorney. Yeah he's not going to send letters. We're not going to send
letters to them threatening to do things that he tells them advance you know is that I'm going to
pay any attention to. I understand but a class action lost to ten fifteen twenty thousand of us.
Yeah. Okay. Hello. Hello Brad Pally. Great idea. These people got to send ten fifteen twenty
cent. No. No. I mean you saw that when we had that that fiasco with that. How did we ever get a
final number on that it was it's too embarrassing to even mention. I don't think we even got
30 grand on that deal. No we probably didn't and we never got a final number. Yeah. Every time I
ask Miguel for it he's like the guy hasn't contacted me. No I think the guy left the country with
whatever cash he got. I wouldn't doubt it. Wouldn't surprise me that whole thing was a scam
from beginning to end of his zaster. It's kind of like what's going on now in general. I get so
like forced failure you know it's like guaranteed failure. WQA and that's why I still think these
people are going to process three. Yes sir. No. I think that the privilege that quantum
or building I think they've been murdered me. What do you think? Yeah right five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the Verizon Singular right this line WQA. I'm hello. Hey Neil how you
doing? Okay. I the other day I heard you guys talking about big screen TVs which one is the one
you said was good. Samsung's when I got the Samsung what's it called the the LP the LP
46 inch twenty which one do you have 46 okay good luck to pay your love it the Humper got the
same one he loves it that's the best one going man don't get those I don't want to tell you what
to do but it's just my personal advice I love my I said I love my HD and you'll be pleased to
know that all those NBA games are on a HD and a hockey game last night was on an HD and a soccer
game right now I can go in the other room and watch the soccer game on HD I just might just might
do it. Well it's a kid you hear from the media audio. It's Neil. No. It's still that same game.
No this is I can tell by the similar it's the Schweitz it's Switzerland against somebody because I
can see by the Schweitz not Schwarz that was earlier Togo with Schwarz this is Schweitz it would be
nice of that I say I don't want to see the replay I'm not interested it wasn't exciting the first
time I think sticking his leg out there and a trip in the guy let's see what Ergo is the ball
way down for you he just did a header back to me Switzerland and France oh Schweitz in France
whoa baby yeah Neil and though uh Neil mill okay as in Neil God man I tell you and does that tell
you a lot about what's wrong with the world that this is the most popular so-called sport in the world
to me this isn't even a sport this is just nonsense stuff and nonsense and it's all based on
people getting like drunks in fact in little Portugal here two nights ago I forgot to mention yesterday
they had all the Portuguese because they won their game that day and so a little Portugal in
through water they had like almost riots and people got bloody there were pictures in the newspaper
on the front page you know all these civilized people there but boy they went out there their
country wins a soccer game they're all going afshmit for thought about man is that what it's all
about so in other words if you're if the soccer team that represents your country wins what what
does that say about you does that make you some kind of a minch because you're your soccer team one
that make you some kind of somebody special that's for her you're for ourselves from some 10th
world country that nobody gives a crap about god I just don't get it w.a.m. hello hey happy how happy
are you for the wizard Ray Whitney huh yeah I'm happy for him I'm not happy for Caroline but I
happy for him absolutely I have to agree with you too and uh he had again in colon as well they
weren't good enough for us yeah I'm happy for Ray he'll have his name on that Stanley Cup after
tomorrow night okay thanks right me hold uh maybe you'll send me a few bucks he's a good guy
I good buddy Ray Whitney and his wife Bridget I told that took him them to Ruth Chris one I'd
not tell you that yeah you did before long down lots of white goes you know I'm the big
spender and of course the rumors were there too but they're not the big spender anywhere there's
a free meal there are always were the rumors again you notice that word that was in past tense don't
see them no more they're down there Columbus and thank goodness when they come up here they
know better than the bother me anymore five six seven oh five sixton just not into free loaders
you know I was more than happy to buy dinner for Ray all the way he answered with the right
wings I think he was making three million a year but nothing could be finer than to be in K and
he hates it in Carolina by the putting I'm sure he's real as you see that's a there's a in every
dark cloud there's a silver lining just keep that in mind just keep saying that for yourself
pretty soon you'll believe it it looks like this joebell christ jones thing you know this joebell
joe's clearance thing maybe out of all this mess something good is gonna happen you believe it
hoping yeah I was asking Tommy not you optimistic man I have the same response yeah mom just a couple
of real pansies w.k.y.m. hello w.k.y.m. I'm Grace Conner Crawley and Conner hello hey Neil how you doing okay
now I'm watching all this I still don't think the democrats is gonna win it in November I think
they're gonna blow it man I can just smell it now I can see the Karl Rove handwriting all over
this thing yells are kawaii and I'll bush shows up in a rag today with a surprise visit
and you can just smell it man there's one there's not even smart enough to play some of the
Republicans their own game one example I got this NSA wiretapping all right if you want to give up
the phone right why don't they just pack on well let's make the street safer and let's pack
that take away some of your gun rights back up and let the NRA do the fighting for you uh-huh
isn't that what the republicans have been doing with the other issues democrats are impotent
man they're just they're a death wish they're they're an accident waiting to happen
pathetic no number's gonna be pathetic I still don't think they're gonna do it right for us all
you know okay I'll say a brookle for you pali okay from afar say a brookle for me we got
Steven Harper baby oh hey vay fascist all over all of that roville not face charges in the plain case
Karl Rove maniac who is manipulating all this stuff and I'm sure that they bush trip to a rag
this big surprise trip today and he's shaking hands with al-Maliki there and all these other guys
in the meantime in the meantime a little what they're not reporting very much on at all in the matter
fact it was on the website story that I read about all the violence again and bagged head and all
around a rag today all they murder and bloodshed and bombings and stuff that's going on all around
they're not talking about that what are you Joseph Wilson think claims I just file footage okay I
thought me he they were gonna say something I didn't want to let him say nothing 12 minutes pass
no like I say garnish tell them man enjoy your life that's all you can do because the fascists
to take an over you know we were life goes in cycles and we had the Nazis in Europe in the
30s and 40s and now we went you know 60 70 years and now we got the Nazis back all over the world
although they did finally wise up in Italy they got rid of their Nazi burloscony but nevertheless
what's that got what's that got to do with the price of pasta right right 1180 votes dial 1180
w h a m Rochester all right horrible station boring here's Bob Turner on w h a m you know that
went I went to high school I think it's worth this before the used to be a way Rochester Amherst
hockey tickets on the air if you'd like send in a postcard that's pretty cool and several times I
actually won Amherst hockey tickets that's probably because there weren't a lot of people listening
they were probably not a big now actually the Amherst did pretty well there's still around the
Rochester Amherst how do you like that I guarantee they probably draw almost as well as the
up Panthers if they had this big arena they do okay how much do you care about the Miami heat 1100
looking I won't have over 1200 by the bottom of this hour this is shocking to me this is
flabbergasting isn't it I'd say so yeah the fact that we even have this many people left listening
after all the obstructions and the it's a matter of fact if this was a hockey game they'd be
called penalties every 10 seconds for obstruction obstruction hooking obstruction screwing it up
obstruction this and that there's Joe Bell and the penalty box with with Joyce she's got that big
good device out again put your pants back on Joe cut it out 1186 votes how much do you care
about the heat I don't give a Schmidt 454 38.2 percent while maybe it's not as white hot as we
think it is huh I'll watch some and read the result 363.3 percent it's a little over 30 man
that doesn't seem like too enthusiastic big fan I'll watch every playoff game 235 19.8 percent
okay I'll read about the scores but we'll watch any of it 121 that's another 10 percent so
wrong almost you know this is the way this is evening out now it's almost exactly like the
Sun Sentinel boy yesterday yeah because the number of indifferent or don't care people was
like about 47 percent remember I said it was almost half right in ours right now if you had
those two against 48.4 percent and I hate this pool 16 1.3 percent very few so they like it man
they like it a lot and the pool too finally a TV experience like no other Comcast digital cable
with on demand is easy to use and let's you take fewer control of a whole new level with Comcast
on demand TV is on your terms because you can choose a show on your schedule and possibly
wind it whenever you want and for limited time you can get connected to Comcast digital cable
hv on demand for just 34.99 a month for your first three months why is TV so much better with on
demand for starters you can watch over 3,000 free movies and shows whenever you want it's a
revolutionary new way to enjoy TV on demand is ready to start when you say so with programming
including free movies kids shows music videos cooking shows sports home improvement shows guitar
lessons and so much more you'll always have something good to watch right when you want to
watch it you sure can't get all this with satellite so it did that dish today positive in the
alley Sally and get big savings of up to 550 bucks plus on demand so you can go to your own TV
schedule best of all on demand is free with Comcast digital cable so pick your showtime sit back
and you wonder how you ever man without it call today in order Comcast digital cable and HBO
with the power of on demand for only 34.99 a month for your first three months in date call 305
Comcast and in 954 Comcast call today for full details don't forget certain restrictions
applause this is new Roger what solid this is 5.62 a
what
harsh
I'm going to protest wrong back home in Slyas
Not much more than three basic goals
I take what's to the criminal and the liar
I just do have a notice that before
Let's see how
I spend my spare time running down to limits
But then I'll just get the survey friend
So pretty easy to sing like a protest anthem
But I have a donut that might have been about 30 years
I'm so good at having a day in Ohio
I don't want to show a song to you to go
Wish that please don't upset I thought I tried
But I guess I'm too old for this track to go
Excuse me a moment and I go to money for you to make up
I want to tell you that I think it's going bad
If it's still good I'll pay you some wish later
And by 99 accounts that would pay me sad
Can you push that?
I usually step on your last part, didn't do that time though
Like that baseline
21 pass note of QAM, we got Geldia too
Speaking of this
A consumer advocacy group, Sudde operator Kentucky Fried Chicken restaurant chain today
To try to force it to stop frying foods in artery clogging fat
Well good luck
Just look out the window there, not the one by you because we don't have a window
We'll go on out there in the bullpen
Look out the window, what's right next door there?
Nice kernel
KFC, you can almost smell the fat
You can smell the fat
Can you?
Yes, when you walk outside you can smell the grease
That's the first time you could smell the fat in our building since Josh Readman was there
Can you read these? I never noticed that
Of course I used to get out of here real fast
You know I didn't hang around long enough to sniff what was in the hood
Once in a while
If it sniffed that, that was not a good aroma
The center for science in the public interest in a suit filed against Yelma Brands Inc
In the superior court for the district of Columbia said some KFC meals were starvelingly high
An artery clogging trans fat from the partially hydrogenated oils used for frying
Not just high, but starvelingly high
CSPI executive director Michael Jacobson said it was hard to avoid trans fat at KFC
Than other fast food restaurants trans fat is almost everywhere in his menu he'd be saying
By frying in such a dangerous oil KFC is making its unsuspected consumers arteries extra crispy
All right
Well I mean you said out in the crowd you can probably think of like rubber pans
They're so extra crispy
The suit seats deports the KFC change to stop cooking with trans fat
Or clearly worn customers about the health hazard
KFC does not properly warn the scoes we've been told consumers that they're eating food I didn't prepared with the worst oil available
The groups send a legal complaint
The group asked the courts to switch to a healthier frying oil
If that's ruled out the group asked the court to require signs of KFC outlets saying
KFC fried chicken and certain other foods contain trans fat which promotes heart disease
How about a sculler crossbone sounds good?
Fair enough
Our KFC spokesman was not immediately available for comment
They're hiding in the kitchen
CSPI said a typical three piece combo meal with an extra crispy chicken drumstick
Two extra crispy thighs potato wedges and a biscuit contain 15 grams of trans fat
15 grams
Oh my god
Yeah
Health experts suggest minimizing trans fat consumption as much as possible
Research shows it raises LDL or bad cholesterol while lowering HDL the good stuff
Last week number three US burger chain Wendy's said it would significantly cut trans fat from its menu
By switching to a new blend of corn and soil for oil for french fries and breaded chicken items
McDonald's vowed in 2002 to remove trans fat from its french fries in the West
But they're still thinking about haven't done so yet
Yum brands based in Louisville also operates the pizza hot and taco bell fast food chains
How do you like that huh?
KFC you're killing us man
You're making our arteries extra crispy
Like people know that they don't have anything on the menu they don't know that
Are you kidding me?
Do you think before people go through the drive through their they're adding up they got their little calculator
They're adding up how many grams of trans fat they're getting from the curdle you really believe that definitely not full of crap
1215 votes already and my head is swimming I can't believe it and you believe it
Well, what's going on with this?
I guess maybe they're sending a message here, but of course it's going to fall on their fears because where there's no sense
There's no feeling maybe the message is to both of these so-called sports stations that they're a little a little bit too
Intensive for their taste okay
There's just too many other things going on man. We got the red hot marlins. They took two out three in San Diego
Which I know nobody's talking about that
Have it and they're actually like over 20 wins now aren't they? I think they have like 23 20 2 or 3 I think yeah
Man they got a shot at 60 wins
Well okay, here it wait about about 55
We got a shot at it and we got the big world cup going on until the whole rest of the world is all whipped up into a frenzy about
And we got that Abu Nidal whatever his name is that the terrorist tennis player that beat Roger Federer on Sunday
How they're all kinds of sports stuff going on man and these people it's only
Yeah, I understand it's the first time they made it to the finals and there's nothing else going on and nobody cares about the marlins
And it's a horse ball town I understand all these things and a lot of people are sick and dead we already had the first almost hurricane yesterday
And we just bear that into her can season on the calendar I understand all these things they're depressed and piot about it
But they're sure not called us today man we got to keep probing and I sure hope it's not going to be that way for George all summer long
Because you know he emotional he gets yes he'll start smoking a big fat one right in the middle of the show
From 26 at 5 60 WKO yesterday show remember how it kept Santa was zooming on buying it did
Yeah, but not the same today today I feel like we've been sitting here for about 75 hours don't you?
Yes, even Tommy and there was only been there a short time he feels like he's been in there for a month
Thank you forever man good God let's move that clock along man move it along just like in the soccer maps they keep the clock running keep it running baby
Hey, if you're a cigar smoker speaking of lighting up and like to kick back with a good premium brand then the he is cigars by Tony Burhani is for you
These hard to find cigars are made with first grade tobacco processed aged up to 10 years
But he is a real boutique cigar maker specializing in small bags hard to find tobacco
But he a gold a flagship line gets a 91 rating by cigar fish not a cigar insider and 9.1 rating by Smoke Magazine
This rich flavored well balanced full body Nicaragua and cigars got earthy hints of dark roast coffee chocolate spice and pepper flavors
Also be sure to try that we hear the sale the hottest release cigar in last 10 months
The sale gets a high rating of 91 by cigar fish in autos cigar insider
It's a powerful cigar man. It'll tear your kishis out with complex notes of leather earth and pepper
That finishes long and full body with initial spice and a note of charred wood
If you want to save 40% off the price of all your beehives cigars when you call just tell them old Nino Roger throw a Nino call and they'll laugh their ass off and not 40% off the price
Call 1 800 35 by here. That's 1 800 35 BAH I A
This is Nino Roger this is 560 Q A F
I do not
That was
You
Down to the ex-station
They committed a punny violation
It's really job was still on probation
I can see the gas run just hang it on the cross the game out of your buddy
Your post personal buddy Joe
I
I sent another cost of you know that's two today. Yeah, that's two and it's but this is a PS you know 1232 at 560 WK
He doesn't respawn of these anyway. So to make any difference I could send him like 50
Hmm he doesn't he doesn't deal with like bad news you know maybe he'll call you I hope not
Join WQM this afternoon from 2 to 4 with Gully Gully
I have the one and any K of 2M's white hot heat headquarters in the kitchen of the day
I might make a kill beyond after the Amarlin game tonight Marlins and Braves any
Inferior that one man. No big 5 6 7 0 5 60 let's start with another heavy duty run of calls here
What do you say? I'm sure they'll be great
They're to be great like lens her to the hairlip guy from Orlando
Every time I mention that I've talked to George about that 400 times over the years
And every time I mentioned it's like the first time like he doesn't know what I'm talking about. Yeah, he always mentions his best friend
Who's that because he had a hairlip best friend. Oh, that's right. I thought his best friend was like a Jamaican guy
Oh, no, that's just his best dealer 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and the Verizon Singular wireless the guy that's over the barbershop
Or on the corner there by the sub shop. Yeah, somebody Q a in hello nearly. Yes, sir. Love the show
I know that I don't care about the heat and I don't care about soccer and days go slow but I have something I like to play for you for about 30 seconds
Okay, well, what is it? It's Bob Prince. It's why Bob Prince last year to freeze. Okay, Fred
Okay
All right
Here's a go. The gentleman that's got to be by casting baseball on the main road. He runs well up and up for us to be a black casting
Open the window. Yeah, he comes. Let's rock. We're going to close it down one ball one strike
And on the house right here
It's getting to me. I want one bitch. I'm all pumped in the left dealer
And G08
Okay, well, I'll hand it off to that good to hear about Prince's voice off speed though
A little bit sped up there. Sound like Bob Prince on speed 5 6 7 0 5 6
The talent 5 6 on the Verizon one. They hit a home run. Rosie Rose. Well, I had like a little piece of glass
And like a little mallet like a hammer. Is that right? There's true story
And he would like crack the glass to make the sound effect open the window lamp. Many here it comes
Which I realize is not nearly as exciting as up up and away. Oh, now why you got to go there?
What do you mean why if I got to go there? Every time. He just played the great Bob Prince
Because he's very very bad. He's boring. That's why. You know, I realize you can't say anything
But the fact is everybody knows that everybody everybody heard that call in the Marlins win in the world serious
And he announced it like he was like somebody just had an egg fart. Yeah, there's some really good calls as well
Well, I haven't heard those. I must have missed those
You know, you're defending the indefensible key. He is boring. He is absolutely badass boring
Just like that rich wall sky is something like a ten-year-old kid trend into a ball game
But then again in South Florida, you know how many people actually ever heard great broadcasters in any sport?
You know, unless they heard Mr. Weaver
5 6 7 0 5 60
Well, you don't like any broadcasters common today. That's the lonely. What are you talking about?
Give me one. In what sport? Whatever you want. If it's somebody who's like a younger person, that's okay.
Are we back to this again? I asked you and you couldn't give me anybody. What are you told me somebody who's going to be legendary
To name somebody who's been legendary. And I mean, the somebody that was going to be famous remembered.
I like, I like Chip Kerry. He's okay. He's not great. He's not his granddad. He's certainly not even his dad
But he's pretty good. Joe Buck is okay and spread the fact that you keep your venom in ass. He's okay. He's generic sounding but he's alright.
I think he's good for baseball. Yeah. Not great though. He's not legendary. His dad was legendary jack buck. Very good.
Yeah. Joe Buck is just another voice. He sounds a little like Dave O'Brien who sounds a little bit like him who sounds a little bit like
They all sound the same. They're cookie cutter people. Yeah. And I still say boosters should have taken a job as the voice of the mess.
That was a bad mistake. See, I mean, you know, you're hard to ask because you work with George all the time and rubbed off, I guess.
You don't want to, you know, don't want to admit it. If you were given the opportunity to be the voice of the Marlins,
would you say no? Assuming you could do it, which I'm, you know, assuming you had that ability. Would you turn it down?
Well, I don't know. I mean, if I had a seat, you work with your boyfriend on a make-believe talk station.
That's got like a point one share there in the afternoon. Is there's that your idea of like a great broadcasting career?
Maybe like, and maybe once every six months somebody will hear you on ESPN to win a national game.
My God. What does it take to convince people? You know, 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 in the Verizon Singular Riders line.
WQIM. Hello. Yeah, when's coming back? When's Mo coming back, baby? WQIM. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Are you done? Okay.
Oh, that was it. That was his material WQIM. Hello. Yeah. I think you're pardoned. What was it? I knew what he said. You hear what he said? No. Oh, that's been really good.
It was it was quick and it was our last call. I think I may go to music here. 5 6 7 0 5 60 boy. It's going to be a long hot summer. Don't remind me.
Man, you guys are really going to be in for it. The survival of the human race depends on its ability to find new homes elsewhere in the universe because there's an increasing risk that it is accessible to destroy the earth.
World-renowned scientists Steve and Hawking said today. It's enough to make you want to play a Stephen Hawking bit. Isn't it? Yes, it is.
You probably never read any of his work like his book, Theories of the Universe, but you might have seen his cameo appearance on the Simpsons now for one night only. Stand up comedy at its best.
Light is a chicken, boss, the road because the third stand in its DNA told it to. That's right. Okay, that is right. The British astrophysicist told a news conference in Hong Kong that humans could have a permanent base on the moon in 20 years and a comedy on Mars in the next 40 years.
We won't find anywhere as nice as earth unless we go to another star system either Hawking who arrived to a rock star as welcome yesterday tickets for his lecture plan for tomorrow were sold out.
He ended up if humans could avoid killing themselves in the next 100 years. They should have space settlements that can continue without support from Earth.
It's important for the human race to spread out into space for the survival of the species Hawking said.
Life on Earth is at the ever increasing risk of being wiped out by the disaster. Had like warping wiped out here at QA and by the disaster.
Such as sudden global warming, nuclear war, a genetically engineered virus or other dangers we haven't thought of yet. Hawking said he's teaming up with his daughter to write a child's book about the universe aimed at the same age ranges that Harry Potter books.
It's a story for children he said which explains the wonders of the universe. You're going to go out and get that? He's hawking it. He's hawking it.
5, 6, 7, 05. I'm going to give these numbers one more time. I'm going to play music. I'm going to play all my favorite oldies. What are you laughing about?
I'm trying to get over the last messages of this little rasp I got and these people they're not into it.
And then that brought you when the last time we had a lady caller before her about six months ago.
Yeah. And it's the same old time. You know what that six months ago call probably was her.
God she gives me spielkies that brought. It drives me nuts. 20 to 1 at 5, 60 WQM. For years I've been telling you to call 100 mattress whenever you need a bed.
They can deliver it with any two hour window that you want. They have knowledgeable bedding consultants. How do you like this frog?
Look at that.
Magenta. And they can deliver that mattress with any two hour window that you pick. If you thought downloading one 800 mattress on the phone was easy check out mattress.com.
Shop by the web anytime they were night with product details prices and photos. You can check out online or call the place your order and schedule delivery.
Get factory direct prices lower than the chains doors even during these so called big sales plus you get 12 months financing.
Now the mattress has the complete line of all the top names. Seely, Serta, King Coyle, Simmons, Tempapidic and Sirens and Foster.
When you call one 800 mattress you get the lowest prices and the best brands.
Now the mattress ranked number one in the world of customer satisfaction. I've been using them for years.
Oh my god another one only this time. I'll for a violet. So if you want to sleep like a baby is starting as soon as tonight make that call right now call one 800 mattress.
One 800 MATTR ESL.
Because it stands for saliva.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62 AF.
It's day.
If I have a child.
That's 5.6.0 WQL.
I'm an integral Latino.
I say when a DS.
I'm seeking into the US survey and I'll make my home and and don't travel.
I don't need insurance. I'll work for Lopez. I see board or agents and I run away.
I, I, I, I, I, I. I'm an illegal Latino.
I, I, I, I, I. I'm faster than sweetie Gonzalez.
I'll bring my wife on my children and then I'll have a fiesta with 12 million friends.
So do it and try to find us and when they catch and before us we sneak back again.
I, I, I, I. We're all illegal Latinos.
I, I, I, I.
Come on, let's go.
I think it's part of a smuggling scheme to try to obtain the American dream.
I want all the things that I see on TV.
The free dope and the notes got nothing on me.
I, I, I, I. I'm an illegal Latino.
I, I, I, I, I.
Adios amigos.
Paul 47 and five 60 WQAM.
I mean, to give you an example, remember you had your little controversy over your contract deal and whether you were going to be doing an AFM or doing this or whatever.
Remember that? Yeah. How could I forget by the way?
Now, suppose there would have been a meeting to resolve the conclusion of that deal.
Okay? Okay. And suppose if that meeting was Norma Camp and Miss Bell and whoever else, okay?
Clarence. And after the meeting was over, you of course had to call Norma because she wasn't calling you.
She too was defending pot people in court.
And you called her up and the first thing she said to you was, well, I got to say Clarence is a handsome young man.
There'll be a little laugh at you.
But what would your response be?
Would you feel like this the total sense of like I give up like that?
I would be a fast-shocked. Yeah. Amazed.
Just totally demoralized. Like, what's the use, you know?
Like, like Santino said to Godfather, pop had Genko. Look what I got.
Remember that? Yes, I do.
Well, I think it's the same.
Back then, and his wife Luciana Bosan,
are the parents of a baby girl Isabella, their first child, the actress publisher, said yesterday.
Aren't you excited about this? Not really.
And you said she's a beast, is that correct?
No, I did not say that. I'll be sure.
I'll be sure. See you in much.
Put that again. It looks aren't everything you understand.
Well, ask Brittany about that. She'll tell you.
Now, I saw, it's all over the club. Brittany was being interviewed on somewhere.
And she's crying wherever people don't they understand where people and she's squirting the tears.
Oh, brother. Squirt, squirt.
Yeah, give me a break.
Mother and baby, everyone is wonderful, fine.
Publicized this Jennifer Allen said that baby was born Sunday in a Miami hospital.
You ready for that?
Okay.
It's a Miami native, the kid.
A couple of married December 9th in New York City during a private ceremony, attended by the bride's daughter Alexa.
It was the fur, uh, uh, then seven from a previous marriage.
It was the first marriage for Damon 35.
A lot of people have said, hey, him and Ben, I have flight, but of course, that's ridiculous.
Does anybody really believe that?
Uh-huh.
Damon shared a best screenwriting Oscar would have been an app like for 1997's Goodwill Hunting,
both Damon and an app like started in the movie.
Actually, I wouldn't think an app like really started and he was like, he was like an app thought in the movie.
Like, in that Damon and Robin Williams.
Hmm.
That was very bad, by the way, bad movie.
Damon's screen credits also include roles in saving private Ryan, the tell that Mr. Ripley,
Oceans 11, the Bornhead and the May and Syrianna, his upcoming films include Oceans 13,
and the Bort Althamadum.
That's what we need to do here at QM, the QM ultimatum.
That's what we need to lay down.
You don't think?
Let's get it done.
Let's get Tommy to do it.
Tommy's the man.
Yeah.
No?
Yeah.
I'm going to fact you, I'm going to write it down, I'm going to fax it directly to you,
and you're going to march down a hall there, and you're going to knock on every door,
and give them what for, man.
Or you're going to give them an ultimatum.
They're what's for, huh?
They'll really listen to me.
That's right.
Oh yeah.
Big strapping guy, he's 170 pounds.
75.
Get out, I don't want to go through that again.
I don't want to go through that again, don't believe it.
All right, well.
Do you think he weighs 175 pounds?
Actually, I love to 178, I've been eating a lot.
I don't know why you'd lie.
You're sitting there looking at him, aren't you?
Oh yeah, he's tall too.
He's a street bean, man.
I have to know guy.
He does.
God.
Well, just for a little piece of information or for you.
Thank you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Some people like a piece of information.
Some people like a piece of pie.
So, for your dating?
Or like a pizza pie.
Yeah, like who I'm dating.
That was that guy's good.
That's always the same thing.
There's the one guy with my wardrobe,
and he's worried about my wardrobe.
Then the guy about whom I tell us who you're dating.
Yeah.
Like what is that?
Just pathetic.
And that's because these people have no material.
I think you might want to write it down in the log,
but today's the day they finally ran out.
Not a good news for the rest of the week.
I think we're quite honest today.
Yeah.
Well, we needed them the most.
And when my flim is acting up again here,
they wouldn't really need them the most.
And they never come through for you.
Ever.
Just like that big anniversary thing.
But third, man.
That went over really big.
WDQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Okay.
Listen, I don't know if you had any website.
I haven't checked the bedtime stories over the weekend.
I think I had anything like that.
I might have even been earlier during the week.
I picked up a British rack,
magazine the other day,
and Oracle on Galloway saying that it'd be more of a just to fight.
I mean, when it had an assassinated Blair,
did you see that?
That's from a two weeks ago.
Well, as I said,
I keep my head way down the sand.
So, you know, I don't really say that.
Good place for it.
Believe me.
Listen up real quick.
You know, I don't know.
You said they're very bad.
And I hate blogs back on in the afternoon.
Yes.
And I was just saying,
you know, for your station,
I'm a program director,
but maybe you guys ought to put Guelden on in the morning.
I guess that's that clap station,
the 790,
if you get worse ratings.
And that can really tell the station
if they should get ready to goal beer or not.
Yeah, that's a good idea.
Let's stick it on a morning drive.
We can get a worse rating.
And then you can see that an authentic bill is mentioned
or if it's time to finally get Guelden off the air.
We're already doing that.
We're already doing that.
Here they had a 0.5 in the three o'clock hour in last book.
Okay, we had a 0.5.
I think he had you at,
I'm not a program director.
Yeah.
Let's play program director today.
Go ahead.
What would you do, Tommy?
Who do you want to have on the air?
Huh?
I put George on in the morning.
You put George on in the morning.
George is a little coma inducing free.
He's got a low key for morning show.
Huh?
To each is low key.
Huh?
To each is low?
Yeah.
Okay, we're in sports.
Let's just do, uh,
now you're talking.
Tommy's the new PD.
Yeah.
You're on this damn ShackCraft, man.
They're killing us.
You can feel it.
I'm glad Tommy's in there today
because he's been here a long time.
You can smell it, man.
When this station gets one and two
and even has numbers in the middle of the daytime,
they've got fractions that I got like a zero in front of it,
that's got to tell you right there.
You've got to be some kind of a,
uh, a num-scole.
Not to say, hey, man,
we better do something.
We better get off our ass.
These people like like they're,
they're, they're, uh,
I just emailed the Jobelle.
I said like we're stuck in neutral.
Maybe reverse.
Wait a minute, again.
No, I mean that second one.
Okay.
Why do you want me to send another one?
Do what you got to do.
Hey, at least the kids is out of my system, you know?
It is the most frustrating experience.
I've been in this business.
I've worked for every kind of people.
I've worked for people I had great respect for.
I've worked for people I had no respect for.
I've worked for people I thought were like really brilliant radio people like Dick Casper.
I've worked for people I thought were like morons like Stanley Cohen.
But I have never encountered anything as frustrating as this.
And the excuse is always,
well, Joyce, this, and Joyce Daniel,
when I say Joyce you,
that's what I would say, Joyce you.
Get off the dime, baby.
Get off your dead ass.
Do something.
Even, like the last guy said,
even he puts something ridiculous on, which is most of what we got on anyway.
We got that.
I mean, is that the sound you want to wake up every morning?
By the way, I just want to throw out there a bunch of people are sending stories over.
Yeah.
Like the facts.
We're all set.
We don't need these stories about what?
Just crap.
I got stories.
Now I got to putt exactly,
you think I'm going to send you a read till two o'clock?
I can barely speak.
I got to stay in, uh,
frog back.
The Bufo toe is back.
Feel fine, but I got like a little scratch in there, you know?
Just a little flim.
Maybe it's a big tumor we can only hope.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Yeah, type program director.
Who do you folks want on the morning?
I mean, a Humper does not belong on the morning.
It was a bad mistake.
He's not a morning guy.
I got an idea.
Let's put Ira on in the morning.
What are you laughing about?
He's already on the station about 15 hours a day.
Maybe him and Goldy then don't stop there.
I say the biggest way to start on the road to recovery for WQM, Hitman.
I mean, I'm not talking about Joyce.
You know that handsome young man?
That's where we need to start right there.
That handsome young man.
I'll be willing to pay for it, man.
If I were him, I'd be real, real nervous the next time I started my car.
1256 and 560 WQM lobster fest is back every Friday through Sunday at Emelcoast
of Eschonese, Bufan, South Florida, with three locations for you.
Sunrise, Pemberpines, and Sunny Oles Beach.
And this week it's the perfect time to bring Dad to the Emelcoast to celebrate
Father's Day.
Well, he can really pick out there.
Take that out for that special dinner this weekend to the Emelcoast.
Over 100 different items are featured on the Emelcoast buffet.
So, Prime All.
Start out with six gourmet soups and go for the York Stake, grilled to order.
Just the way you love it.
Handcarb Prime Rib.
There's a sushi bar and all the traditional Asian dishes, as well as a salad and shrimp bar.
You won't know what to eat next at the Emelcoast.
And the dessert bar is fantastic too during the weekend.
And on the weekends, even more so.
Because on the weekends they have the 40-inch chocolate fountain.
It'll make your mouth water as you hand it to your strawberry, marshmallow, cheesecake.
Other decadent treats and loads of milk chocolate for dessert.
A perfect ending to a fantastic feast at the Emelcoast.
Algarine tea will waddle out of there.
And unlike certain other places that we won't mention,
they use only healthy cholesterol free canola oil and never any MST.
So it's good for you and it'll fed you up like crazy.
Bring the whole family and dad to the Emelcoast real soon.
Call 9-5-4-572-3822 for Father's Day reservations at the Emelcoast Chinese buffet.
9-5-4-572-3822.
This is Neil Rogers.
Put the cookie-coast Ace 5-62-8-X.
Oh boy, it's the one to two hour.
You must be very, very quiet.
When colds and allergies have your nasal passages,
feeling like a plugged up rabbit hole,
Wavid will,
reach for the double-barreled relief of suedefud.
Like a shotgun and tilt-form,
suedefud hunts down the toughest sinus problem.
There you are.
Take that congestion and that host nasal dweep.
So whether it's cold season,
allergy season or rabbit season,
or cold the web,
or cold the web,
or reach for suedefud.
It'll blow away your westly cold and allergy symptoms.
From 189 votes,
we're going to have 1,300 before you can shake your lounge tail, man.
A food reporter's bag containing video and audio recording equipment,
honey and oyster shell and seasoning rub.
A food reporter's bag containing video and audio recording equipment,
honey and oyster shell and seasoning rub
was blamed for prompting officials to close Tally and Hasey's airport
for three hours in evacuated determine on yesterday.
The configuration of the electronic urine organic material looks as spacious
when TSA officers viewed it through equipment used to scare it,
scan carry-on luggage.
Said Tally Hasey pull his officer, David McCrainy.
Something indicated this with not your typical bag
and they pressed the alarm,
McCrainy said,
it's like winning the lottery,
but the lottery you don't want to win.
Todd Coleman, food editor for Sadrur magazine,
whatever that is, was detained but later released after the vag was removed
from the terminal and a robot opened to disclose its contents.
I was afraid they were going to blow my bag up, Coleman said it would blow my story up.
Coleman had come to Tally Hasey to visit his parents who lived there
and do a story on the food of nearby Appalachia Cola.
Florida's oyster capital.
Did you know that?
I did not.
I never knew that.
The Appalachia Cola area is also famous for Tupelo honey that Coleman had in his bag.
It's Tupelo honey.
The airport reopened about 10 o'clock and all in coming out coin flights resumed.
He was released but missed his flight.
Explosives are organic in nature but rarely trigger an alarm
because screeners can tell x-ray scans from x-rays that it's food, paper,
or some other harmless material.
In this case, the positioning of the honey, electronic urine batteries,
looked like parts of an improvised in IED.
Ooh, Johnson said the bomb squad was alerted the airport truck down after only five screeners
examined the x-ray images and all came to the same conclusion.
A robot placed the bag in a portable containment tank
and was taken to an isolated location for further examination.
Coleman said, I started a word I was going to get accused of something I didn't do
like a hitch-truck movie.
I almost got punished for being a food writer.
Metal tapes you to be putting all that crap in your sack, man.
Have a clean sack when you go through the airport.
That's the least you can do.
Well, there is your presence over there in Iraq with Maliki, Abalamaki,
whatever that guy's name is.
It's Mata Head.
5,670560.
Let's get about 4,000 calls on this last star.
What do you say to make up for a lost time word?
They're kind of like really laying back on us today, really sloughing off.
And 5,670560.
The Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
How many QAAMs?
Hello.
Yeah, can I make a brief comment about yesterday's poll?
About yesterday's poll?
Yes, just very brief.
Yeah.
I have standard day of Conner on there for Bush V-4.
For what?
For Bush V-4.
For people that we hate, yeah, okay.
Thank you.
And that was it.
5,670560.
Pond 560 on the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
What else is wrong with San Diego Conner?
Are you sure as I looked better what we got in there now?
My God.
I think he wasn't some kind of fascist.
You know, maybe that's what they can't add to the poll and they have seized up.
What do you mean by that?
I'll tell you one thing.
We got almost, I bet you if I refer to you now, we got 1,300 votes.
1299.
Oh my God.
If Robert Grieber gets his vote in there, I bet you're Robert Likes.
He probably shares the same IC sleeve.
WQAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
My mother has a red card too, but she doesn't have red hair like you do.
Everybody, just waiting for the hang up.
I don't know.
WQAM, hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes sir.
Hi, I'm Stan, the edge of my seat right now waiting for the heat game.
Oh, I just fell off my seat.
Yeah.
Yeah, so I just want to tell you that.
5670560, pound 560 on the singular end of Verizon and all these other wireless lines.
I bet you're refreshing now.
It's going to go to 13 or more or maybe more.
What do you say?
1301.
Let's hear it.
All right.
Put that in your pipe and smoke it, man.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, I was looking for Nancy Greene.
Yeah, okay, great.
That's yesterday.
Yeah, you're back in your time machine, man.
You're on the wrong machine.
WQAM, hello.
Hey Neil, how are you doing, man?
Okay, sir.
Oh, I appreciate you thinking like, oh, I'm a giant of glory for a while.
I've been, uh, about two weeks ago, I was interested in this clown who's on, uh, this, uh, TV show also.
And they were trying to, uh, justify in the event that we had to, uh, uh, bomb my ran with, uh, nuclear bombs.
But everybody was up on arms due to the fact that we're not going to throw these gigantic atomic bombs.
We're going to throw these real guys, but you're really getting so bad.
And I was amazed, I think, is that for hours and call us and call in and try to justify the fact that we're going to nuke somebody's country.
But it's probably a nuclear bomb.
You know, you're only killing a, you know, a couple of millions of people.
There'll be, you know, there's mighty pride that I would say they would be lightly killed.
That's correct.
Anyway, yeah, I appreciate you looking at this silly, but amazing.
Okay, good luck to us, Pally.
It's a miracle I did.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Believe me if I had a lot of calls.
And pound 5, 6, then they've arrived in Singular, right, this line, a little bomb to be lightly killed, you know.
They're like Alzar Coway there.
They dropped two big 500 pounders on a house, man.
All concrete and, uh, steel.
And it was nothing but rubble there, man.
And it just, Barney rubble.
Do you know, do you see all those, uh, I'm sure you did.
Yeah.
I saw the explosion.
They showed the explosion.
And yet he came out of there like in one piece.
And then, then, then, then, forget about the blood on the head and the blood he knows, man.
And they did, and a little bit of rouge they put on his one cheek there.
They put on.
I mean, a little blood wound up on his cheek, sure.
How many QAAM, hello?
Hi.
Yes, sir.
I wanted to say something about Appalachicola.
Yeah.
Yeah, because Neil just knows about Appalachicolopy and the Oyster Capital of Florida.
I wanted to tell him a little bit about it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Such as what?
Well, for example, you can go to Appalachicol, which is by the way on the Appalachicola Bay.
Yeah.
Which where there are huge oyster beds.
Uh-huh.
And you can literally buy commercial beds of oysters right out of the water.
Well, I'll be down.
You go right ahead and have a good time.
Okay, I don't like oysters.
13, everything, six votes.
Maybe you started about mountain oysters.
You think that's what it is?
I'll go pick some and go to the airport.
5, 6, 7, and don't forget the honey.
And pound 5, 60, and leave.
We've arrived in Singular, wireless line.
I think maybe we'll get a certain amount of them up a little bit now.
You see this?
They're starting to come alive.
Yeah.
A little bit.
Just a little bit.
Maybe a little slow today.
They're a little bit slow.
Maybe if we got back to that crossover one of these days, you think that's going to happen
to all of them?
No.
I say, let's cross a hang back over to the afternoon where you belong.
It's a good gildy honor in the morning.
And you know, I haven't even liked that programming suggestion, huh?
And you know it's coming from across the street.
And don't forget the Dick Stockton Leslie Visc.
And Dick Stockton Leslie Visc.
And gildy.
Oh my god.
How can you top that, huh?
Eat your hard-out joke, fineberg.
72 a.m.
Hello.
Yeah, I just wanted you to have some.
I love you.
You should keep up the good work.
Oh.
Man, he was good.
WDQA M.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I fallen.
Yeah, good.
And don't get up.
WDQA M.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Whatever happened to that girl you had in the backseat of the car up there in Michigan.
Yeah, she's told the backseat.
I never got to the backseat, you know.
You know, get the story right, idiot.
567-0560, pound five feet.
Matter of fact, I'm not really into a hanky-panky in the car with anybody when you come right
down with a little uncomfortable.
Well, that's a time in its place like high school, and you get to that.
Yeah, high school when you got no place to go.
And you can't afford a motel and stuff like that, yeah.
Ah.
Doing all the acrobatics in the backseat.
I understand.
WDQA M.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
All I think I want to say about that guy who had the food in his air is a food game.
Food in his area.
Yeah.
Get to the honey, Julia.
Yeah.
WQA M.
Hello.
Oh, hey, so, yeah.
I've just put it in my pipe and I smoked it.
I'll tell you one thing.
We believe part of that.
I don't think it was your pipe, though.
Correct.
Yeah, we know where you put it.
I don't know what took him so long, but they're fired.
Yeah, he was good.
See, they're all whipped up now.
1313 votes on the pool.
Oh, look at that.
Carl Rob is relieved.
Yeah, he ought to be relieved of his presence on the face of the earth.
Slimey, low down, conniving, piece of turd.
How much do you care about the heat?
That's our poll question today.
That won't get you slid right off the seat, right in the clearance is left.
Hey, clearance, next time you start your car, you're going to be hearing some real strange sounds.
Okay.
And you know what that probably going to be?
What's that?
Parting, farting sounds.
I don't give a shmit about the heat.
536, 38.5%.
Well, this is getting a phenomenal response.
I'll watch some and read the result.
390, 30%.
Not not too enthusiastic right around.
Not 30, man.
Percent.
Big fan will watch every playoff game.
Look at that.
265 or over 20%, 20.1%.
We got the heat fans on the bad wagon now.
I'll read about this.
Well, watch though.
132, 10%.
Yeah, that's a 38.5%, 48.5%.
What I say in front, certainly yesterday, 47.
See that?
Our scientific poll.
And I hate this poll.
Only 20, 1.5% of over 1300 votes, only 20, hate this poll.
They like it.
They loves it.
And if you're up to it, we're friends, you're not about to eat.
Because quite frankly, I couldn't care less.
But be sure and join QA from 2 to 4.
I would go to and tend to 2 with 80k, or at least after the Marlin game tonight.
And QA is White Hot Heat headquarters at the catch of the day in Miami and catch it.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 AF.
Check people.
Where the hell does that go?
God.
God.
That's bad, don't.
Take your clothes off, you bitches.
I'm gonna hold you down, and I like it too, don't you?
Take it off a big roll, with all this bad.
You don't leave us a family if you can't wear it that.
Take it off a big roll, with all this bad.
Girls, you can end up losing that time.
She know how to make the ball that's right.
That's that cheek, that's that cheek.
She's shouting out, we go, we go.
We need to skip back on the towel.
1-18-560WDQM, here's a facts from Alan, one of our chronic faxers and listers in Key West.
Thanks for another great year of listening, we're getting out of this hellhole for our annual three month stay in Vancouver.
Here you in the fall.
Well, if I survive there long, I'll have a great their life.
I'm jealous, that's nice.
That's a good place.
I guess.
Three months in Vancouver is supposed to be in that hellhole, like he says.
By the way, would you like to hear my response to my emails to your real leader?
Oh, you already got one.
That wasn't the question, I said, will you like to hear the response?
Oh, yes.
None.
Okay.
And there, there won't be any.
He doesn't respond, he's like an emotional cripple, he doesn't take the negative to where he thinks well.
Well, it might take him a while, you know.
No, no, it doesn't, it doesn't happen.
Believe me.
And what is he going to respond?
About 30 days or something.
Police have arrested a man they said he was the tacit cab to get away.
Car when he fled a while, Kovia bank robbery yesterday, then stopped off for lunch.
Diamond cab driver, Renee Joseph said he spent nearly a half hour with the man who police said they believed Rob to bank.
Joseph said he had no idea the man was using him to get to a while, Kovia,
at 10th Avenue in 14th Terrace so we could rob it.
Joseph said he had a nice conversation with the man after he picked the man up from a windixy round the corner,
from the bank around 1 p.m., he walked into the bank around 120 yesterday, went up to the teller and said, I need some money.
So the teller naturally gave me withdrawal slip.
He said, no, I need some money so he wrote on the withdrawal slip.
I need $10,000, I have a gun, you have 30 seconds.
About 30 men?
Said they'd tend to build shorts of the Miami Police Department.
The teller handed over to Grand in the rubber walked over to where they were waiting cab.
Well that's bad, he asked for a 10 years settle for two.
Yeah, what happened?
I don't know how much money there was but it was a little shopping bag folded into his pocket.
Joseph said Joseph then took the robbery suspect to a dogma restaurant, a hot dog restaurant at 71st Street in Bisgain.
The man told Joseph the wait is he ordered some food.
He ordered two milkshakes and a barbecue chicken wrap and a chicken wrap.
Oh, for me!
He gave me a $100 bill and basically he was in a rush to leave, said Mimi Colan and employee of dogma restaurant.
Well she better not start screaming and they call her screaming Mimi.
With the change from the $100 bill the man tipped the cab driver.
Well that was darn nice.
Around 5 PM, a Miami Police officer spotted the robbery suspect Dave Jobson, 45,
walking out of a hotel just down the street from dogma restaurant trying to hit another cab.
Maybe we'll go back to the bank again.
Mark Prowley said, when we did catch up with Mr. Jobson he already had spent a few hundred dollars to delay Marino of the Miami Police.
He was arrested charged with strong armed robbery.
Somebody said he didn't really have a gun at the time as he had told the bank teller.
Over the week another bank robber on South Beach used the cab as a good way car and was also caught.
Let's go around man, it's the end thing to do.
Catch your cab, rob a bank, grab a weener, couple of milkshakes,
Oh, it's been going to shaky.
Important moment.
There is your president, he's in Iraq.
The American people are incredibly grateful, he said.
For what?
For all the dead soldiers, for all the dead Iraqis, for all the lies.
The American people are incredibly grateful, right?
1334 votes, more or less grateful for that.
The calls have been pretty weak but the website is just exploding.
Hasn't it been?
Yeah.
We're on record pace.
Yeah, we really are.
5670560, pound 56 in the Verizon Singular Revice Line.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
Funny that you think Dave Van Boring is boring but you think George Rodriguez is not.
Yeah.
You actually endorsed George Rodriguez.
George Rodriguez do play by play baseball or sports.
You think he belongs.
Hey, lost.
Take a hike.
Dave's boyfriend.
Here's the three and one.
Inkonaise on hits at a ton to left.
No doubt about this one.
Up.
Up and away back into the bleachers.
Two run home.
No, that's a posted in a citing call.
Up.
Yeah, Tommy could have found a better one there.
That's boring.
Up.
Up and away.
It's out of the fifth dimension man.
He's weak.
Joe Angel was good and they screwed him over big time.
They screwed him over so they could hang on to Dave O'Brien and then Dave O'Brien turned around and screwed him back.
And went to ESPN.
That was the current organization's predecessors.
That was John Henry, am I right?
Yes, you're right.
Well, he deserved to get screwed back.
He's a crap.
WQAM, hello.
I'm Yeh, can I pay you?
Yeah, good.
Have a good time.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Well, it's out of Neil.
Yeah.
What's the deal, man?
Hey, the cops, you got to go through for a paycheck and am right.
Yeah.
WQAM, hello.
I want to say a sorry about that.
Call us if you call back was pretty much right now.
You changed.
You used to speak for the people.
Yeah.
I think your words would do that.
I understand it's frustrating, but I want to apologize.
The caller, a couple calls back.
What are you talking about?
What caller was that?
Maybe a half hour back.
I'm sorry.
Sorry, half hour back.
He was saying that you changed.
Ever sent something.
Joyce got on you and he wanted to get rid of Joyce or whatever.
He didn't say anything like that at all.
It's not that they've been told what he said.
I'm sorry, but you have changed.
You used to think your words meant something.
The little people I got to look up to you to fight for us.
I think a part of you died with Tiny.
Yeah.
Oh, here we go with a tiny guy again.
Oh, man.
He must be looking straight down again.
Oh, he went behind us.
Huh?
What did I tell you before?
What did I tell you before?
There are all one note Charlie's.
They don't all thank God.
They say note.
But it's always the same one.
A U.S. for a man.
The lines are lit up right now.
They're smoking.
Well, that's even taking your line.
Line nine.
It's always special.
Q.A.M.
I knew it.
We haven't heard from him in a long time.
It's the Eddie guy.
You know, sometimes they Eddie would be an improvement.
WDQ, let's put Eddie on a year for a couple of hours.
Q.A.M. Hello.
And cut your role model.
WDQ.A.M. Hello.
And the Marlins are any of the winnings.
Hello.
Thanks, Dave.
There's your boy Joe Angel.
No, that's Dave Van Boring.
No, you're going to tell me you didn't like Joe Angel.
Joe Angel was just five.
I thought Dave O'Brien was better.
But, yeah, Dave O'Brien is a cookie cutter.
A piece of crap is what he is.
That's not.
And he said, you know what?
He was the clearance of baseball broadcasting.
He did to Joe Angel exactly what clearance did to Duff.
Stabbed him in the back.
Joe Angel's got more personality and one thinger than Dave O'Brien will ever have it
in his entire cutered body.
So long.
He's just a sterile voice.
He's nothing.
And, really, the reason you're all whipped up about him is because he's got,
because Hans got your brain washed.
Anybody who's on ESPN, anybody who's ever been on ESPN automatically,
a great sportscaster, met him personally.
So did I.
I had him on my show on IOD one day.
He's got an ego bigger than you got than your ass.
He doesn't have an ego.
He's got a sense of humor.
Well, what does that mean?
He's funny and he has a personality.
Yeah.
And I don't know what he did for you to get all sour on him, but...
He stabbed Joe Angel in the back is what he did.
I don't like backstabbers.
I like clearance.
Now, even you admit a clearance stabbed Duff in the back.
Yeah.
Of course you did.
I don't know about all that.
What do you mean you don't know about it?
Come on, cut there.
Nothing but the exact name.
It's such a pansy, okay?
You don't know about it.
You know about it.
Tommy knows about it.
Tommy's writing a book about it.
That's right.
Tommy knows all about Duff's back.
Right, Tom.
He stays as far away from it as he can.
Okay.
There you go.
See, there you go again.
Can't outstop the same.
Just like the colors, man.
No.
No.
Attention, man.
26 past one at 560 WNQ.
It's a summertime.
It's a 13th of June.
Oh, it's the 13th of June, man.
No wonder it's lucky 13 is what it is.
See?
No, I don't.
Now, who's going to be on there with us tomorrow?
Not the beast again.
Is he going to be on there again tomorrow?
I don't know.
Tommy, you going to be in here tomorrow?
I'll be here all week.
No.
If you want, you're coming.
Since what is it in my call?
When did I ever have anything to say about who's going to be in our place last time?
So full of crap.
Sorry.
Yeah.
I don't want to get into it.
Let me see if I got a response to my emails yet from your leader.
Well, he's got more important things to do.
You know, he's got massage clearance his feet.
That's part of the deal, you know.
Because clearance after all is a handsome young man.
26 past one at 560 WQM.
If you think you have termites in your home, you need to call ridded pest control today for a free termite inspection.
Ridded pest control uses that amazing orange oil treatment that kills termites and their eggs on a present on contact.
They're gone fast, and you can say, joebell is useless.
If you have termites, it's the best possible way to get rid of them.
And clueless.
You don't have to tent your house and make the whole neighborhood look like the barren and Bailey folks just came to town.
Don't worry, I have to worry about poison as gas moving out or staying in hotels or motels.
They don't have to worry about food or pets in your health.
Because the folks at ridded pest control treat your house with this amazing orange oil.
You'd have to leave it all.
You can hang around.
In fact, when they're done treating your property, they don't have anything left behind as the clean scent of oranges for just a few days.
It's true, they just delow your house.
If you have a termite problem called ridded pest control right now and find out about this amazing orange oil treatment that kills termites and their eggs on a present on contact.
No tending, no games, no BS, no kidding.
Call right now for a free no obligation inspection 1-800-447-4348.
That's 1-800-447-4348.
Be sure and tell me that Todd Dreck, who's a haliboguy, told you to call 1-800-447-4348.
This is meal Roger.
This is 560-Q-A-M.
You're kidding me to my hair.
For life never thought I'd find the kind of ride that I'd been doing the round piece of days.
Now it's a classic set of wheels fixed up the way a brother would die of his.
Now with the demon shining and the drink is cold and the dyes of the massees I cousin can't only quit Jerry Yoke.
Todd baby, who could have preferred out of Jerry Jerry to be a big group of Todd babies.
Shining in a little bit, he was really busy.
It's just a big gift now so I bounced out the road and the big status of that way.
Now with the hotest stuff to take deals a day of getting around the big kids of praise.
I'm 1979, I'm Paul Catalina.
You're looking fine now he's probably be glad to let go of him.
Over to the Cardinal of Jerry Jerry, we need to start baby.
Shining in a little bit, he's been busy.
I'm not going to be a big group of Todd babies.
I drop a wave and those down on a hot summer day because the AC don't want no wave.
This wedding press with lawsuits sucks the smell that gets the tussle you look at over time.
I'm about to be fine, the shiny grandad fell like a lie and asked my coffee churned to,
because I've been washing it with all the road.
Todd baby, over to the Cardinal of Jerry Jerry, we need to start baby.
I'm the shopping queen's going over street longsakes.
Todd baby, press the lower interior we fancy to be a big group of babies.
I know what Tommy's going to be there on Thursday, he has a long memory.
Ruth Chris coming in with the steaks on Thursday.
That's right.
So there you go, you can make your life on it, he'll be there on Thursday.
Maybe I'll come on down and enjoy some of that great food.
Okay, and I'll drop a big load right on somebody's desk.
No, no, no.
Oh, for me.
Drop a gigantic load on a couple of people's desk.
I'll save up over the next couple of days in some Serena wrap.
1356 votes, man, that is impressive.
You got to admit that.
That's unbelievable.
I mean, we did start with a pretty high total, because I think I'd change the pool
about, I don't know, 530 yesterday afternoon, but even so.
And almost 40% of the audience, as far as all that stuff is concerned,
even the IC's sleeve they don't want.
They don't want to know part of that stuff.
And I don't blame you.
Let me do QAM, hello.
Hey Neil, I was just, just from observation.
Yes.
It seems like the station has lost the Louvre, its flavor,
it's been stayed lit, mohower leaves.
Oh yeah, that was the truth.
That was a very good point.
He was a far crybar than what they have under now.
Yeah.
I mean, a two to four is just a badic.
Well, I would agree with both those statements,
at least we knew what we were going to have on the air anyway.
Sure, and he was good for some last.
Yeah, that's correct.
No, bring back mohower to David.
It's a little bit too late for that, man.
The cats out of the bag.
Too bad.
Okay, see.
Yeah, that'll do it.
Yeah, there was some flavor lost.
No, no, no.
Well, I mean, there was some bad flavor in the building as far as hostility,
but as far as on the air, it made for a little bit of, you know, like...
But inside the building.
But inside the building, and again, that should have been like lighting off a big signal light,
lighting a flare for everybody in the building for this new way of Jean-Net came in.
Because the one thing you never do is you don't let...
you don't knock somebody off of there.
I mean, unless they're just absolutely trashy in a place, you don't take somebody off...
Unless you got somebody to replace them with.
You know what I'm saying?
That's generally how it works.
That's the way the radio business works.
Of course, I'm amazed that this guy, this Joe Bell has ever even been inside a radio station.
I use the term loosely.
Of course, he was a kiss.
He was kissing it, you know, country kiss.
I mean, what the hell did they do?
But crank out the nose-picking hits, you know?
But he doesn't understand.
He doesn't get it at all.
And tomorrow is the 14th of June.
Today is the 13th, unlucky 13 for us.
The 13th of June.
And they're still doing the old...
But a beep, but a boop, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap,
but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but
a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a
rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap
but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but
a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a
rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap
but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but
a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a
rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap
but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but
a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a
rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap
but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but
a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a
rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap
but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but
a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a
rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap
but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but
a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a
rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap
but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but
a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a
rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap
but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but
a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a
rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap
but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap, but
gail is a better much better for rappin', for rap, but a rap, but a rap, but a rap and a rap and a rap and a rap and involve rap, but a rap and a rap, but a rap and a rap and a rap and a rap and a rap and a rap and a rap, but a rap and a rap and the rap and a rap and a rap and a rap and a rap and a rap and sing.
Outro Ahaha
I'll go and mess up.
Don't hurt pressure.
I'll hurt your dog, mister.
And what's the dog in the basket?
Bye, bye, bye!
