I'm not passionate anybody okay, so just calm down. We'll be right there.
And I'll put it up for you.
Another sports show for Christ's sake. Another sports show for Jesus. God.
I'm sorry, Paulie.
As the palm, there is a prize.
And the number is a scene.
And every day it goes up more.
Until the number stops with three.
So I put the nozzle in.
And I try not to scream.
Not a limb.
Because my car is really sucks.
This expensive gasoline.
We all pay for expensive gasoline.
Our range is gasoline.
Every day is more costly gasoline.
Excessive gasoline.
Exhaustion is gasoline.
We all pay for expensive gasoline.
Okay, my first suggestion to you right off the bat, right out of the box.
It's quit acting like crazy people. Okay.
How much would you pay for the money yesterday?
I know it's way too late.
I hope you told them that yesterday quit acting like crazy people.
Although this morning George was out there acting like a crazy person.
I'm trying to get back.
You get to work.
Get on a bicycle.
Take the metro mover.
Take a cab and charge it to the company.
Oh, brother.
So my paycheck didn't drop on Friday.
I don't want to go through a whole song of advance about that.
Because the audience is used to my whining about not getting paid on payday.
But the bottom line to that is I had put in a call.
I got to tell the story right out of the box before I forget.
Because this is one of the greatest anecdotes in the history of mankind.
You're making it up.
No, I'm not making it up.
I'm not creative enough to make this up.
So I called Norm McKint, my first while attorney agent, Queen, whatever she is.
Come to find out.
He's not returning any messages.
And I find out by calling his house that he's on vacation in Vancouver.
So I had called a cell phone left a couple of messages.
And then I forgot about it because I figured, well, screw him.
A lot of clock in the morning.
I mean, beds sound asleep, just sound asleep and the phone rings.
So don't you figure when the phone rings one or two in the morning,
it's probably some kind of an emergency.
Of course, that's what most rational people would think.
So I jump out of bed.
Instead of running in there like eight or a couple of years ago,
and smashing my head in the table in the dark, I walked very, you know,
butch-like into the elevator and picked up the phone.
And it was Norma returning my call.
I said, don't you realize it's one o'clock in the morning?
He said, oh, no, he said it's ten o'clock at night here.
He says, I thought I'm in Canada and you're in Canada.
We'd be on the same time.
And he was serious.
I'm in Canada and you're in Canada.
So I figured we'd be on the same time.
What an idiot.
What an...
So this is my agent and attorney for those of you who wonder why I'm still working my ass off on this radio station.
Unbelieveable.
Just absolutely un-speakable.
And you really thought I made that up.
I mean, that's pretty hard to do all of this.
It's surreal.
It's beyond belief.
Oh, that's what Norma said.
It's hard to swallow, but he'll try.
Just...
So that's what I got.
Top had Tom Hagenoke when I got.
Anyway, here's the 8 a.m.
We'll have a new one this hour.
Good evening.
Although the...
Now, MSNBC is obsessed.
The FBI says polygamous fugitive Warren Jeffs was arrested in Las Vegas.
And we're supposed to be all whipped up into a frenzy about that.
We gotta worry about Ernesto.
We can't worry about Warren Jeffs, okay?
We gotta worry about Ernesto when the DNA didn't match and all of these...
All of these things.
We can't be worried about some polygamous pervert lunatic that wants to rape young girls.
Now, that's what that's all about.
Sure.
And of course, it's very big out there in Utah where all they know are on the religion of star.
There's not that much of it anywhere else.
Is it in the US?
The whole Mormonism and the polygamy thing?
Yeah, pretty much in Utah, though.
And so Utah thing.
And of course, Warren Hatch is from Utah.
So keep that in mind.
Just something for the back of your mind.
Anyway, we'll have a new advisory out of Ernesto at 11.
So probably around 10.45 if Georgia reminds me, I'll whip it out of there.
And eight o'clock this morning, Ernesto, moving over water just to the north of Cuba, expected to strife them.
It might and then again, it might not.
A tropical storm warning in a hurricane watched now in effect from New Smurnd of Beat Southward on the East Coast, including Link Okachobi,
from Vanita Beat Southward on the West Coast, and for all of the Florida Keys from Ocean Reef to the Drive Tour to doze.
A hurricane warning may be required for portions of South Florida and the Florida Keys later this morning.
A tropical storm watch remains in effect from North of Vanita Beat Northward to Anglewood on the Florida West Coast.
A tropical storm warning in Hurricane Watchar still in effect for Andrew Asylum, the Berry Islands, the Minonies and Graham,
Bahamas Island and the Northwestian Bahamas.
A tropical storm warning remains in effect for a ragged island and a great exumé in the Central Bahamas.
At 8 o'clock this morning, the center of Ernesto is, and again, it's still a tropical storm, 45 mile an hour winds right now,
but expected to increase was located near, and that's not the big thing anyway right now. It's going to be lots and lots of rain.
Center was located near latitude 22.8 North Longitude 79.3 West, or about 200 miles southeast of Key West and about 215 miles south southeast of Miami.
Oh my God.
Ernesto is moving toward the Northwest at near 14 miles an hour, and this general most expected to continue for the next 24 hours.
Now that, see, I don't understand that.
But if it continues moving toward the Northwest, and it does make that Northern turn that they've been predicting, I'll just read it.
Yeah, what do you know?
On the forecast track, the center of Ernesto will be near the Florida Keyser, South East Florida by this evening.
However, squally rainbeds will be moving on shore in these areas during this afternoon.
So if I were you, I'd get out there like a crazy person right now.
The roads are very clear, so is the a Harold website, a lot of traffic.
Yeah, except for like a lot of gas.
And do not take a whole bunch of cans.
This is what people are doing.
Yeah.
One of the reasons that there's so many shortages.
Maybe you've got everybody whipped up into a frenzy.
And so as a result, people not only filling up their tank, topping off their tanks, doing all of these things.
But they're also taking like all these jugs and you know, all these big containers and getting extra gas.
We'll stop and figure it out.
Okay, if each person gets like an extra five gallon can or whatever they're doing.
Yeah, five gallon can.
You should have seen the backs of the pickup trucks standing in the gallon can.
Ten gallons can.
They're getting a hundred gallons each.
Yes.
I'm serious.
Think of the backs of trucks fold with like 25 gallon cans.
Well, it's a good thing that the president got the gas price for your loafers anyway.
Reports from an Air Force reconnaissance aircraft indicate that the maximum sustained winds remain your 45 miles an hour with higher gusts.
Some strengthening is forecast during the next 24 hours.
Tropical storm force winds extend our way up to 85 miles from the center.
The minimum central pressure reported by the reconnaissance plane was 29.74 inches.
Rainfall amounts of three to six inches were isolated amounts of up to ten inches expected over eastern Cuba.
Rainfall amounts of two to four inches would isolate amounts of up to six inches expected over central Cuba.
These rains should or could cause life threatening flash floods and mudslides.
Well, maybe if it ever get kind of mudslide, you think.
Couldn't get it with that poison pen.
Did that have drink?
Rainfall amounts of one to two inches with possible isolated amounts of three to six inches possible over the Bahamas,
which we don't care about any of them with all due respect.
Rainfall totals of five to ten inches possible over portions of eastern and southern Florida and the Keys through Wednesday through tomorrow,
with isolated amounts of up to 15 inches possible over southeast Florida.
15 inches.
Do you have any idea how much rain that is?
I don't know.
A little.
Isn't it interesting?
This is the anniversary of Katrina.
They're all talking about Katrina and Bush is there doing this photo opportunity and that's something, huh?
The Lord works in the reading of mysterious work.
Coastal storm surge flooding of one to three feet above normal tide levels can be expected in areas of onshore flow within the warning area.
Let's see the next advisory 11 o'clock this morning.
So it'll be out around 10.45 and George will say, hey, guess what?
Go get that thing.
Now, here's the evidence that we are.
Should I give the poll results from your poll yesterday because I got all this other stuff.
All these people are right.
They're dying.
And then of course the DNA didn't match.
See, he even gets up stage by hurricanes and stuff.
Another shame?
Although I think he got more than his 15 minutes of fame.
When you say, hey, Dred champagne!
810 votes on George's poll yesterday.
What stresses you out the most?
The administration, 219.
The Bush crowd, the fascist, the neo-Nazis and the Okans.
Sick and injured child, 108.
Is that like your sick and injured child?
Sick and or injured.
You know, if you're having problems with that nature.
Oh.
Driving in South Florida 103, roads are nice and clear today.
Says the hero, don't play musk if they're not.
Psycho, spouse or partner.
I wonder why George put that on there.
99, no reason at all.
Hurricanes 83.
Hurricanes, all of this stuff like it's going on right now.
Not working 69.
Work 55.
How about not getting your paycheck on payday?
That's about the only thing that really stresses me out.
Not getting paid on payday.
It just really frosted my fat old ass.
It's only happened about 20, 30 times a QA.
Power outages 42.
Car trouble 19.
How about running out of gas?
Yeah.
Prightening wife 7, especially when you weren't expecting it.
And wondering where or when the next terrorist attack will be.
Only six, Solomon takes days.
Not too many.
In spite of the fact that trying to whip everybody up into a friend.
They might just have to pull it off between now and November.
You know, to remind you folks.
Oh, they would never do such a thing.
About what a great child the Republicans are doing protecting us all from those evil doers.
There's nothing worse than drinking evil doers.
The state has called out the police yesterday to manage your run on the pumps with lines of cars blocking traffic and fuel trucks unable to outrace demand.
And I'm sure that the local media once again are doing all their best to get everybody whipped up into a state of frenzy.
And to make sure they go out there and act like crazy people.
That's the way to do it.
People are panicking said.
The next Alvarez, whose son, Sean Gasoline, distributors, supplies 200 gas stations between Miami and West Palm.
We're going to run out of product.
That's what George's dealer told them to.
We're going to run out of product.
Long time ago.
The frenzy we call the aftermath of Hurricane Wilma when the October storm idle hundreds of fuel stations across our photo for nearly a week.
And creative gas lines that stretch for blocks as you'll recall.
She out wasn't there then and I'm out there now.
Another good reason not to be there.
Although I'm noticing that this thing is the track.
The supposed forecast track after it blows through the alley and right on up Florida.
They got to go on out just off the coast of Charleston straight up the middle like right through Pittsburgh and right across Lake Ontario.
So maybe I maybe it'll finally come up.
I can say hi Ernesto.
Some of the chaos at that time during Wilma's stem from the region's main fuel.
The both port everglades losing power while Ernesto.
The forecast to be much weaker storm and more generators are in place at the port as well as the gas stations.
Industry executives are predicting a quicker recovery this time.
Thanks God.
We now have generators standing by just in case that David McCollum wasn't he on that show with what's his name with Robert whenever his name was David McCollum.
What was that show?
I don't know with Robert Vaughn.
Now the hell you don't to catch a thief.
No.
David McCollum's spokesman for SIPCO a supplier to every way.
He said we're keeping extra products and the tanks.
Well who now wants to put SIPCO gas in their car anyway.
I'm sorry.
I'll take anything at this point.
You would use SIPCO as you're not putting that in my Corvette.
But motorists appear to be preparing for the worst yesterday.
Lines of gas stations in Kindle, coconut grove, pemberpines and longer floated turnpike, backed up into roadways and snarl traffic.
Poor little George was schlep at all over town this morning looking for gas.
Or in 25 minutes.
Couldn't find any for lover money.
And when you got the big bucks that he's gotten you still tanky gas oil.
You know you got real problems.
At a pinecrest SIPCO police officer directed traffic and combed off the right lane to the highway for the growing line of cars.
That's the one.
Robert Vaughan and David McCallum.
Do you remember David McCallum blonde British or a twirpy guy?
Never saw it.
Never watched that show.
I can't. I saw it.
But I never watched it.
Loads of gas that normally lasted.
They were being pumped out in a matter of hours.
I passed one of my stations and there were 200 cars there.
Said he will howl.
General manager of Deon oil and homestead with the insane lines.
You just can't keep up.
Like I said, I'd go out there first thing before anything else today.
And act like a crazy person.
The biggest name.
So best talents in the business.
Real Rochester sports radio 560.
You a.m.
A. Back Alex Bennett for guys sake.
Do yourself a favor.
Will you pal?
Pass.
Sir, do you have any liquids?
I'm not telling.
No. You must be jealous.
Oh, did that make me a fella?
Hey, no need for yelling.
Let me get my supervisor, Ellen.
Sir, are you jealous?
Or your question is done better.
Let's see what the dogs are smelling.
They are.
Down, Ellen.
Oh, you'll cut me your infant, Ellen.
Let's go and get him.
You'll be dwelling.
Oh, great.
Isn't that great?
1018 and 560 WQA.
A.M. Man, we're jealous and you're smelling.
I'm telling you that right now.
We got mad dog and that's right.
We got the new lineup.
It's my first day back on the air with a new lineup.
Now, why was Kay Walker saying it was going to rip their ass?
What's that all about?
I think he wants that.
I don't know.
First of all, I have listened very little.
It's not fair to make an assessment of any show in like one or two days.
It's only been on two days now.
I will say this.
The Josh Cortes did report this morning that Volcanper won't shut up.
And it's basically the Kim Volcanper show.
Bum-bum.
And can you say that?
I say that I hear Volcanper a lot.
Too much.
See, I like to do it the way you go.
Yeah, I'd rather hear Kay Walker about 95% of the time.
And then Volcanper, like maybe once every couple of hours.
I want between 7 and 10.
But nevertheless, I'm not going to make any judgment.
I've only listened for maybe a total of three or four minutes.
So I'm not going to rip those guys.
The only thing I will say is it's another sports show.
Oh, my God.
Go on and get some gas, by the way.
Oh, they're just obsessing about this Warren's Steve Jeffs,
who's on the FBI's top 10 most wandless.
Here's another good change of subject deal.
Isn't this great?
Let's see.
We went from the Warren Iraq, which of course everything's just fine here now.
I got some good stuff about the people in a minute.
We went from that to the Middle East to Les Bona and the Israelis.
And then we went to David Mark Carr.
And now that's kind of where we're now because of the DNA.
We've been matched and now we got the Warren Jeffs.
And of course we got Ernesto, right?
Right. What's not to like?
Right.
Just keep changing the subject.
That's what it's all about.
Plus we got the anniversary of Katrina.
And everybody's there in New Orleans.
And things aren't like much different than they were a year ago.
And certainly no money for medical care.
Are we building the hospitals?
They're taking care of people who are dying over there.
But hey, we got this Warren Jeffs.
The suspect, these are suspected of arranging all this polygamy stuff.
Faces, federal charge of an awful flight to avoid prosecution.
And they arrested them near Vegas.
See, vagrants go to two places.
People who want to go to hide.
Florida and Vegas.
Right.
All right.
Sure. Two places and just like all those terrorists, those are slime balls.
Those are scumballs.
Okay, let's see what we got on the pool here.
834 votes on my pool for today.
That's not too bad.
We'll make 1,000 even on a day like today when everybody's running around like chicken little.
That's what I would do.
I would run around and circles me that's exactly what I was thinking.
Making that sound like that.
Just all day, it'll keep you out of trouble.
And then you don't need any gas to do that.
What celebrity or athlete are you most herred of?
Now, you know who I've voted for even though he's only fourth on the list.
And this is what inspired me to do the pool.
I am.
If I have to hear about Tiger Woods ever again, I may plot.
I just can't take it.
He plays golf, you know?
And all of a sudden when you're expecting at least you're watching the news, you're watching something maybe comedy central,
whatever you're watching.
And here's a clip of today's golf tournament.
And there's Tiger when he just made that exciting putt and he's like, yeah!
He liked that.
He's having a nervous breakdown.
I mean, he doesn't need the money now.
He's only got about a billion dollars.
So it can't possibly be that.
He's got that attractive blonde young wife.
So it's got to be ego at this point, right?
Off it is.
Which I don't deny him anything.
Whatever he wants more, I just don't want to hear about it.
I don't want to see him.
I don't want to hear his name.
It's just silly crap.
You know, it's one step away from people playing poker on TV.
It's the world series of poker.
It's celebrity poker.
How about anonymous poker?
People that we never heard of.
People like sluppers off the street.
At least they need a chance for the jackpot, right?
Right.
Let's have crackpot when the jackpot instead of all these big celebrities playing poker.
See, that's what I first thought.
That was the sign of the end of the world when people watching other people playing cards on television.
But no, you know what it really was?
That's what.
Here in Boulder, tell me.
I was talking to John Mark Car every day.
You're basically defending him.
The word coming in.
He's telling you, telling reporters that you're going to stop him.
John Mark Car.
I can't stand it on the door.
Just getting word now that there will be no hearing.
Is that correct?
See, the fact that she is on the air, the fact that anybody would put her on the air is so just outrageous and unacceptable.
It's positively unbelievable.
The only thing I can't even relate to it.
She can't speak.
You know, it's one thing we had broke on air all those years.
Bob, a wall wall, they both have speech defects.
But this broad can't even speak.
It's like her vocal cords have been synched.
Sure.
Like there's been a forest fire in her larynx.
It was startled with turpentine.
That's exactly it.
With hydrogen peroxide, turpentine, and valveline.
Oh, in fact, you could probably use some Vaseline on her vocal cords.
It's so aggravated, it's like fingernails on a blackboard.
In fact, you know that bit we got that eight sounds.
I think we found the ninth one.
Yeah.
Yeah, nine sounds that you hate.
I can just hear that one coming with her voice on there.
What a voice.
Anyway, did I ever get to the pool?
I don't think I did.
No.
What celebrity or athlete are you most tired of?
By the way, the movie I recommended very highly to George and Josh for brothers with Marquis Mark,
Mark Wahlberg, and then a bunch of other people.
Many of them, Marquis Mark and I want you guys pretty dark.
But it's an excellent movie.
It was on the cable last night.
What?
Well, it's about their brothers.
You're so adopted by a white lady in Detroit and two white kids and the two black guys.
So it's Marquis Mark and the funky bunch.
That's correct.
And they come back later on to Revenger, their mother's killer, adopted mother's killing,
and a lot of violence and a lot of bloodshed and shooting car chase.
It's good.
You like it.
The movie that I saw that was actually horrible, awful.
Oh, and George already warned you about this one.
Good night and good luck.
Yeah.
Good luck is right.
Good luck staying awake and few wasted time seeing that.
Good luck to you.
Good night part is accurate.
Yeah.
Because you'll be in a coma.
I know right now.
It's like listening to Kim Boakhipper, put you into a coma.
That bummed me out because it's an important, you know, review.
The only good part, and of course I can say, because I'm an old fart,
so I live through all of that stuff with the Army McCarthy hearings and there's Joe McCarthy
and all his red baiting and all that other stuff.
And the Roy Cohn and his boyfriend, G David Shine, which they barely even mention that.
Just barely.
But that's the problem.
As they showed some accurate documentary footage, Joe McCarthy, and there were the McClellan hearings
and Stuart Simington, yeah, and it was Joseph Welch, I think, was the attorney's name.
Have you no shame, Senator?
Have you no, yeah.
And that was great.
The only problem is it was all out of context.
So unless you live through that or you're a student of that era,
you have no idea what that part of it was all about.
And the rest of it in Pandora's Black and White was as slow and Pandora's and coma inducing.
Man, it was really bad.
It was horrible.
One of the worst movies I've ever had.
And luckily, it was right here on the cable.
So, huh?
That's a crying shame.
Yeah.
But yeah, it was horrible.
It sucks.
Terminal.
What celebrity or athlete are you most tired of?
Tom Cruise 219.
Hey, Tommy!
You're fairy!
Paris Hilton 180.
She's right on Tommy's ass.
Terrell Owens 120.
Just got another affine there.
Didn't he get fine from the Cowboys?
Terrell Owens?
He's just a T.O. man.
He's just the problem waiting to happen.
Tiger was 72.
Can't stand the Tiger just enough with him already.
I'm not big on people who are known by one name.
You know?
Madonna, Prince, Tiger.
Well, yeah.
Share.
Share.
Michael Jordan.
Michael, you know, I'm not big on that.
I think it's crap.
Tiger was 72.
Britney Spears 50 speaking of crap.
Boy, she a cow.
Speaking of cows, Oprah 39.
She's right on Britney's butt.
Mel Gibson 32.
Star Jones 31.
Donald Trump 29.
Very bond 17.
Madonna 17.
See what those one name people?
Madonna 19.
Very bond 17.
Shack has got 10.
Another one of those with a big head in one name.
Oh, there's Ernesto.
People.
They need to prepare.
Okay.
Let's see.
Jessica Simpson 9.
Bono 9.
Whitney Houston's got six.
Oh, and of course, Osama's probably one of them.
Don't you love that?
Osama's got a question with me.
Terrible, yeah.
Yeah.
George Clooney 5.
Jennifer Aniston for Brad Pitt's got two at Lance Bass.
Yes.
Lance Bass has got Soloment Dayouin on it.
I almost played the wrong cue there.
The biggest name.
The strength of the next class.
I'm not supposed to be playing that now anyway.
Yeah, I just, that was just a practice run.
Huh?
Well, I'm just practicing me for a live spot.
Well, I'm so confused.
You threw that at me right before the show today.
And to give me a chance to take the old ones out of here.
But I'll do that.
I'll do that right into a plot.
Or maybe I'll do it now.
Why do you do the rest of the show?
George, by the way, is planning on taking an optimal for the storm?
Yeah.
I just thought I would make sure that.
Oh, seriously, well, they're probably just cymo cast.
And then of course, what happened is Clarence already came in and said, uh, it's you, meaning me.
Oh, well, you can swim there.
You're, you can swim just downstream.
Let there go out there and just let the current take you right down the 441.
Hey, racing and poker fans, Pompoidopark is back in action starting this Friday, September 1.
Opening night, the first thousand fans to come to the track at 6 p.m.
We'll get a coupon for a free Pompoidopark Beach towel plus live music track side.
Both Friday and Saturday this weekend, the action will be hot on the track with the $40,000 Florida Sunshine Stakes races.
Saturday's family fun night with free drawings for a thousand dollars in betting vouchers and for the kids.
Free mini golf, face painting, a bounce house, caricature artist, and those followers, mini horses too.
You'll be bouncing on it.
And best of all, both admission and parking are free.
Like always at Pompoidopark.
The track opens for live racing and poker every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.
Post time, 7.25 p.m. and the poker is open from noon until midnight.
If you like your poker, simultaneously, every day from noon until one in the morning.
So make plans not to come out opening weekend, this weekend, Pompoidopark racing and poker are blocked Saturday,
Landwick Boulevard on Powerline Road for the current racing schedule 9.5.4.972.2000.
Or online, it's pompoidopark.com.
The biggest name of the best talent for the best video Rogers for 20.560.
Please, you pay them.
You have that sunburn but no solar paint.
That's one more thing you can say gonna play.
I feel what you'll be waiting.
It may seem today.
I'll make you throw out all the things you can't take.
All the play.
I'm coming crazy.
You're crazy.
When I read that advisory, it didn't make any sense to me because if it continued toward the Northwest for the next 24 hours,
and it's moving at 14 miles an hour, and you follow what I'm saying?
What are you saying?
That's over 300 miles to the Northwest before it would put it in the Gulf.
They've been predicting that it was going to jagged North ever since it was overhating.
Yeah, but it's not doing it at any.
It's currently bringing rain.
There's no reason not to panic though.
Even here in Chicago, New Jersey, down through the central plains, and as far south as Texas.
Look at that. The MSNBC map.
It shows such important places as east Naples and Coral Springs.
And Miami, of course.
When you think of you at a map of the southern tip of Florida,
you have Coral Springs and east Naples on there?
There's no question.
I'm gonna leave this up to you.
I don't know whether I should, I don't want to say waste my time,
but I mean, there's eight million closings and, you know,
I would not waste my time with those particulars.
Well, well, how do you know what particulars?
You don't know what I got here.
I've got a pile of stuff.
I'm paying his of it.
This will take us into the Germanic show.
Why don't we even give the rest of the line of view?
There you go.
The news is doing this 24-7 with the closings on all the crawls and whatnot.
Yeah.
Oh, look at that.
Now, now, they're showing the line taking it right up over Niagara Falls and right into Toronto.
All right.
Missouri loves company, baby.
Steve Ward, up near Washington and then straight north, up through, say,
upstate New York or Ohio there.
Yeah, right across to Mississippi.
It's like a main.
It's a real danger here because once it gets over Florida, it could gain strength again.
Is that the case?
Well, when it goes out over the ocean after it leaves Florida,
it probably will gain some strength.
And it may land as a category one, possibly even a category two.
But it's goof off in the University of Miami, being there.
But I think also the other thing we see a lot of danger from these kinds of storms.
You want to know how you know he's a goof off?
How do you know he's a goof off?
You have him.
Say in the West Virginia or into the Pennsylvania mountains like your track shows.
There could be a lot of rain and there's a long history of storms like this causing substantial and severe.
Yes, he does ensure it's starting to make that jagged, jagged to the north till it gets over by four mires.
And they're going to come blow and write through Joyce's desk right through her rectum.
Or just open her up wide like the Grand Canyon.
Wouldn't be the first time.
The public and private schools close today and tomorrow.
Broward public and private schools.
Close today and tomorrow.
If you want more information, contact the rumor hotline.
I guess the given that number I would be good.
Although this can't possibly be the right number.
They do this all the time.
This is channel seven.
It's got seven, five, four.
Remember we did this during Wilma the same crap.
How can there be a number seven, five, four?
Is there such an area code?
I don't know.
They're adding them every day.
Get out of here.
There's a seven, five, four.
Yes.
There is?
Yeah.
Are you sure?
Are you sure?
Okay, seven, five.
I think most of them are cell phones.
Well, anyway, the rumor hotline.
According to the channel seven website.
Seven, five, four, three, two, one, oh three, two, one.
Monroe County Schools close today to the imminent threat of.
And it says here hurricane or nisto.
It's not a hurricane, you idiots.
It's not a freaking hurricane.
It might become a hurricane.
Again, it's a tropical storm.
You idiots you.
Let's see, they're in my country day school close today in the
Mar.
You said don't do these, didn't you?
Whatever.
Killed a good time.
All classes at Temple Bot Yam in Fort Lauderdale, canceled today.
Oi!
I'm not going to read all these school closings.
Anybody stupid enough to be going to school on a day.
The Hill Health Community Day School will be closed today in the Marl.
The temple call on me in manual L day school is closed today.
All this Jewish stuff.
J.M. Learning Center is closed today in the Marl.
Okay, let's see.
All classes, clinical activities and events at the University of
Miami canceled for today.
Know a studio in and you of M today.
Of course, why is that any different from for any other day?
Mane Shana Halalahazeh, as they say in Espania.
All classes and events also canceled for tomorrow.
I'll have a decision about the status of medical school operations for Wednesday.
We'll be made mid-day today.
We'll have our thumb right on that.
Miami date, MDCC students instead of should call the Miami date hotline or visit the MDC website.
Well, the hotline is 305-237-7500 or www.mdc.edu.edu.
Cation for latest update information on the college status.
All FAU classes and normal business operations canceled today.
The decision regarding tomorrow's status we made at 1230 to Sancta Nome.
FAU closed today in the Marl.
Carlos Abizu University and the Goodman Clinic for Psychological Services closed today in the Marl.
By the way, the DNA did not match.
Well, I got to throw these things in there, man.
We got so many face to fry for crying out loud.
It's like an old-goodle country fish fry.
The Everglades University Boca Campus closed today.
There's too many of these.
If I leave some out, then they'll say, I'm, you know,
Rower Community College closed today.
Tolls are suspended until further notice on the homestead extension of the turnpike,
including all tool classes from Florida City up to the three-likes toll class in Oceola County.
Tolls is sped at Southbound and northbound on the Swaggrass in eastern Western Alligator alley.
So if you want to save some money, you can go out there and just keep driving around and waste all like ants.
Tolls listed on the Westbound Gratney.
Bridges and Broward and Dave counties are in the lockdown position until further notice.
I'm sure the bridge standard is not too happy about that.
They're in the lockdown position.
So all you boulders out there, if you're, in other words, what they're trying to tell you,
if you're stupid enough to get out there in your boat, you deserve to drown in rain.
You should be dying over there.
Miami Parking Authority office closed today in the Marl.
The South Florida Regional Transportation Authority is a suspended trial-well service
until further notice.
Lauderdale Lakes Community bus service continues to run till further notice.
The metro rail and the transit bus system had been made running today,
but on a reduced schedule.
In other words, pretty much whenever they feel like it.
Broward County Transit buses picking up people in the coastal areas and mobile home parks beginning at 10 this morning,
like 39 minutes ago.
Don't let me forget to get that new advisory 11 o'clock.
I won't before then.
Hey, and just, yeah, don't forget.
Miami International Air Programme is fully operational when winds are sustained at 55 miles an hour,
the control tower will evacuate.
And by the way, if anybody's on the wrong runway, probably somebody in the control tower should tell them,
hey, any, you're on the wrong runway.
That's why the lights are on.
I still don't care about that.
I mean, tragic.
Yeah.
And by the way, nice going on the opening of the Emmys of the other night.
I missed it.
Was it good?
No, I didn't see it.
No, but they're getting roasted and toasted and they had issue an apology NBC for putting on the plane crash scene there from whatever that show is.
Just not a good idea to be making fun of plane crashes on a day when you had a plane crash when 49 people died.
When winds are sustained at 55 miles an hour, the control tower will evacuate.
Meaning the no flights will be departing or landing.
Call your individual airline for any flight changes.
But anyway, Miami International still open as of this moment.
Business continues as usual.
And for a lot of day, I'll how do international report, which means if it's as usual, it's like chaos.
Nothing will change unless there's a hurricane warning.
Key West International Airport is not an on status for today's operations.
Well, I wouldn't be flying around Key West today.
Would you?
Press it on.
Port Everglades is currently closed.
Port of Miami is closed inbound traffic.
Tomorrow status, let's see.
I see it's still being determined what they're going to do.
Post office has a full operations plan for today because in the matter of the rain or snow or sleep, right?
Yeah.
I wish the N.J.L. would feel the same way.
Of course, I heard that you had them on soon on Friday, which you did not have.
I know that.
That was the excuse when I checked in to show up.
Bastards.
Garbage pickup in date.
Normally, schedule pickup will continue throughout the eight counties through about one o'clock
today.
Garbage pickup in Broward will continue until conditions deteriorate today.
In other words, whenever they feel like it, they'll show up if not the going home.
They're going to grab everybody in my house.
They've got to go around and see if they can get some gas.
Early voting in date in Broward's been suspended till further notice with permission from the governor.
Well, I'm sure he's real happy about that because now they can work over those votes pretty good.
They can give them the ones over in the twice over.
Federal court houses in Miami for a lot of the West Palm and Fort Pierce not affected will be open for businesses usual.
Let's see.
Well, you know, there's eight minutes of them on here, but I'm not going to read all these.
Only the important ones like the City of Oakland Park offices and facilities will be closed today.
That's pretty important, isn't it?
Yes, sir.
City of Hollywood reigns open for business today.
George can go over there and get some gas.
All Brownie Broward County courts and government offices close today.
Let's see.
All this.
Daniel Highlight is open today.
Let's hear it.
Oh!
Total bank is closed today.
I have no idea.
Galleria Mall is closed today.
Don't be going to the Gailorea.
The Jewish Federation of Broward is closed today.
The Falls Mall remains open till Hurricane Warning is issued.
Pan Amhorizon's Federal Credit Union closed today.
And then of course, Parks.
Who the hell is going to the park on a day like, huh?
When we got a hurricane or this coming?
And then we got the information about the sandbags, which, based on what I'm hearing so far,
I think we're all getting sandbags.
The biggest name.
The best talent for this is the U.S.
The World's 4th Radio 560.
U.A.M.
You're God.
Miss Williams.
Corporate didn't get those new sandbags.
What, I sent them three days ago.
Did you send them by FedEx?
Oh no.
I sent them by K FedEx.
Hey.
This is getting better, line.
But you can call me K Fed.
You know, there's actually people who think I will hold become the big rap star.
haters.
So I got to have son to fall back on.
After all, you can only spend up the fat wipe for some.
Alright.
That's why I've gone into the delivery business.
Hold on.
Hello, K FedEx.
Do you want to check a package?
Is it like a box or something?
When will it be delivered?
When I get around to it?
What, Ed?
Well, I really don't think the delivery of these packages is my first.
Oh, now.
The next time you need to ship something used, there you FedEx.
Peace.
K FedEx.
The absolutely positively kind of sorted well maybe if I have to, when I get around to it,
it will get there when it gets the delivery company.
Yeah, I think that's what they sent my check on for Friday.
Must have been K FedEx.
1047 at 560 WQA.
I am so anyway, that line up today.
We got the Humper at 4.
Or let's see, mad dog at 2.
The Power Hour with Hank and Mad Dog 4.
Hank Goldberg 5.
A 7.
We got Hurray Kane hotline with Larry Coker at 7 o'clock.
And then you got your Marlins on deck.
What about those Marlins?
Eight in a world.
Am I right about that?
Is it eight?
You're right about that.
They were playing great.
They won eight in a world.
They're only about two games out of the wild card now, I believe.
That's right.
You thought they couldn't make it.
I didn't say they were going to make it now.
They got to play the cardinals in St. Louis tonight.
We got the pre-game at 7.35, game time at 8.10, and then 8.10 after the baseball game.
I've actually had the interest in the Marlins now as peaking.
I saw those attendance figures for their brewers games.
It looked like they had at least a few people in there.
Not too many.
Well, who don't want to see them a walkie brewers anyway, right?
Russ Suck.
Okay, here's the water and sandbag distribution points.
And I'll get off of this stuff.
Okay, and then we'll have the 11 o'clock advisory.
It's not on there yet, by the way.
Maybe MSNBC.
Now, there's still hockey with Katrina.
Okay, Katrina was last year.
Okay, sweetheart?
It was last year.
We don't care about Katrina.
Obviously, the government doesn't.
And he does anybody else care about those poor shluppers down there.
Oh, and now we're back to this guy again.
I guess this story is so much more important than I thought it was.
Because they're all over it like they kind of Joyce.
You were watching this yesterday, weren't you?
What?
The news.
When the DNA test came back.
No, I'm not talking about that.
I'm talking about Warren's face.
Oh, that guy.
Oh, I'm sorry.
You better get with it.
I don't know your hysterical, all the way to do your.
I'm watching local hysterical news.
Your hysterical news, do your.
Hey, look, there's lines around gas stations.
Yeah.
Oh, there's a line ringing.
WQYM, it'll be a crank.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
I'm down in South Florida and I wish I was up there in Canada.
I don't blame you.
It's, uh, people are just so stupid.
I mean, I can't imagine what's going on here.
And it's not even a one.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Anyway, I just wanted to say.
You got your gas.
I just want to know if you got your gas, man.
I got so much of everything.
I'm all ready.
But the thing that is I just wanted to say, I love the new line up.
And especially the Hank and Matt dog together.
That's always very interesting.
I'm just saying that those two bouncing off each other.
The power are when the two guys shower together.
I love it.
Yeah, and Matt is keeps saying we're the cross-dressing hour.
Uh-huh.
It's beautiful.
And one other thing, I got a great poll idea.
Okay.
Someday in 20 or 30 years when poor uncle Neil, you know, goes...
We do the fishes, right?
Take the dirt nap.
Who is going to inherit his huge estate?
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Okay, see you around, eh?
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye, right?
Wow.
They already got a big chunk.
Let's see, water and sandbag distribution points.
Now, see, that was a good call.
Don't press your luck.
Uh-huh.
Sweet water.
You want this, in fact, water and sandbag.
And I think they're also given rubber rafts to the sweet water residents.
Residents of the city of Sweet Water may pick up sand itself.
But it's one or ninth to have an fourth street in Sweet Water.
All residents must bring your current ID showing that they live in the city
order to receive sandbags.
Homestead.
Sandbags will be distributed to the city residents only today
from seven o'clock in the morning till noon.
So you got an hour, nine minutes left at the following locations.
Homestead sports complex slash baseball stadium.
And a Roby George Park, two or one Southwest, Leventa Avenue.
Who knows?
Roby Young Park?
Roby.
I didn't know yet.
A park.
Businesses only can pick up sandbags at the lot behind Lausner Park at 100 North Chroma.
Have a new proof of homestead residency will be required.
And Oakland Park.
Sandbags will be distributed at 51 North East, 12th Terrace in Oakland Park.
The sandbag depot is open from 80m to 5pm.
Residents of Oakland Park limited to 20 bags per household while supplies last.
We're sandbagging it.
Under my phone is ringing.
I mean, it's a problem that viscous downstairs.
Yeah, I better go get it right away.
The fugitive leader of a polygamist set has been arrested in southern Nevada.
The FBI said today,
Warren's the Jeff's 50 was taken to the custody after he and two other people were pulled over late Monday
by a Nevada highway patrol trooper on I-15 just north of Las Vegas.
FBI spokesman David Starritz said.
The leader of the fundamentalist shirt, oh, maybe that's Norma calling from Vancouver.
Seeing if it's seven in the morning.
Can you believe that line?
If I'm in Canada and you're in Canada,
I know you wouldn't make it up, but if somebody, I'll take it, I wouldn't buy one.
I heard it.
That's like somebody in LA calling somebody in New York at midnight,
where it's three o'clock at the morning on the East Coast and saying,
oh, well, I'm in the US and you're in the US.
I thought we'd be on the same time.
In other words, more on as somebody would say.
Warren's the Jeff's the leader of the fundamentalist shirt of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
Another bunch of Getskies was wanted in Utah and Arizona on suspicion of sexual misconduct
for allegedly arranging marriages between underage girls and older men.
Oh, my God.
Since May, well, I tell you, they ought to enter.
I'm serious, they ought to introduce him to John and Mark Carr.
Sure, they ought to.
He could have come up.
He should have been a Mormon, he missed his calling.
Since May, Jeff's has been on the FBI's most ten most wanted list
for the $100,000 reward offered for information they knew was captured.
The other two people in the vehicle identified as one of Warren Jeff's wives,
Naomi Jeff's one of his wives.
He's like Osama, only he doesn't have the hots for Whitney Houston.
And a brother Isaac Steve Jeff's both 32s there.
They're being interviewed by the FBI on Las Vegas, not arrested.
I don't know why this is such a big story and they're just hyper-evendulating about this.
I guess because he was on the FBI most wanted list, huh?
Whatever, to distraction.
Just another big.
I got this list of all these openings and clothing.
I'm all done.
I'm not pregnant.
I'm not well, you know, all like museums.
I mean, who the hell's going to go out and museum?
If you're stupid enough to go head out for the museum on a day when you got a day impossible hurricane coming,
then you deserve to get stiff.
And then just waste your gas, you know.
My best advice is stay home and listen to us today or pretend you're listening to us.
Right.
Turn on the TV and watch them all hyper-evendulating, which I'm sure they're doing plenty of.
916 votes on the polls, not even a love at a clock yet.
Oh, you'd different, remind me to look up that thing.
No, I didn't.
When did you say it?
Did he say it, Josh?
I was going to say it right now because he's going to get into the break.
Too late.
Not time for the break yet.
Hey, don't forget.
We don't have the new one yet anyway.
We love it at a clock advisory.
No, here's the, this is the old one.
Let me just make sure.
Oh, no, here's the new one.
Got it.
How do you like that?
Is this exciting or what?
You see, if I really, if I were of the right mind, I would say, well, you just stay home tomorrow because you don't have any gas.
It's going to end up.
And I'll do the show from here because it's going to be, you know, it's a sunshine.
It's not bad.
But I'm not going to do that.
I'll trade you.
I offered to do that last time.
Yeah.
You remember?
I do.
I don't know.
And that would have been a lot of bigger improvement because I got the internet.
So I got, you know, the cable.
I got all the access to the plus.
I got electricity.
I got water and gas.
I'm not going to have a gas.
Any of the above tomorrow.
I got plenty of gas.
We'll have lots of water, I'm sure.
Okay, here's the 11 a.m.
Advisory on Ernesto.
Ready?
I'm ready.
Outer rain bands of Ernesto near the Florida Keys and Southeast Florida Coast.
I'm strengthening.
It's still expected.
At 11 o'clock this morning, the tropical storm warning has extended northward along the
U.S. East Coast, north of Newsmer, and the beach Florida to Alpha Hammer Sound, Georgia.
Oh, that's near Aintry.
Eh?
At 11 o'clock this morning, the tropical storm watches change to a tropical storm warning
for the Florida West Coast from north of Bonita Beach, northward to Anglewood.
And a tropical storm watches issued from north of Anglewood to Tarpen Springs.
Tropical storm warning and hurricane watch remained an effect from Newsmer, and the beach suffered
on the East Coast, including Lake Okachoby, from Bonita Beach, Southward on the West Coast,
and for all the Florida Keys from Ocean Reef to the dry tour togoos.
At 11 o'clock this morning, they're not dry anymore, I guess.
At 11 o'clock this morning, the government of Bahamas discontinued the tropical storm warning
for ragged island men, great exuma, in the central Bahamas.
Every time I say Bahamas, I want to play that...
Yamaha!
...but they don't say that they're doing.
That's why they do that.
That's why they do that.
That's why they do that.
It's a tropical storm warning and hurricane watch remained an effect for Andro-S island,
the very islands, the Bimines and Grand Bahama Island, Northwestern Bahamas.
Let's see, but a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a...
At 11 o'clock this morning, the center of proper storm Ernesto was located near latitude 23.3 north,
longitude 79.5 west, for about 170 miles east, southeast to Key West, and about 180 miles south, southeast of Miami.
180 miles south, southeast of Miami.
Oh my God!
Ernesto is moving toward the northwest near 13 miles an hour.
Now you're following that?
No.
And listen, and the general motion is expected to continue today and tonight,
through the northwest.
Uh-huh.
On this track, the center will be nearing the Florida Keys and extreme south Florida, the southern Florida tonight.
However, rains and squalls will be arriving, while in advance of the center.
Maximum sustained winds are still near 45 miles an hour.
Some strength and expected before the center reaches Florida.
Higher gusts.
Tropical storm force winds extend outward up to 85 miles from the center.
Estimated minimum central pressure is 1,000 and 5 millibars 29.68 inches.
Coastal storm surge flooding of 1 to 3 feet above normal tide levels can be expected in areas of onshore flow within the warning area.
Rainfall totals of 5 to 10 inches possible near the track of Ernesto over southern Florida, including the Keys through Wednesday,
through tomorrow, with isolated amounts of up to 15 inches possible.
Rainfall amounts of 2 to 4 inches, isolated amounts of 26 inches expected over eastern and central Cuba.
Rainfall amounts of up to 1 to 2 inches with isolated amounts of 4 inches possible over the Bahamas.
Isolated tornadoes possible over southern Florida, including the Keys this evening and tonight.
And the next interview advisory at 2, several have like at about 140, where it'd be 4 to a clock, before the Mad Dog show.
The biggest name, so best talent, the basis, Neil Rogers, 4th radio 560, QAM.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is your brain.
What is it?
Any questions?
Can afford the high price of gas, then refinance your car now with DriveTech.com.
The price of gas was breaking me, so I logged on to DriveTech.com and found out how I can get a second, third, or even fourth loan on my car.
With DriveTech.com, you can get the gas you need today and pay for it tomorrow.
DriveTech.com, let me buy gas so I can take the kids to school.
Of course now I pay $1200 a month for my 98 Hyundai, but it's perfect.
With DriveTech.com, you can borrow up to 125% of the value of your car.
All we ask is that you make your payments on time.
Hey, stop! That's my car! I just want to check in the mail!
Pay!
DriveTech.com, it's not like you have another choice.
Thanks for the bullseye, get gas, like a...
Lost another car to DriveTech.
It's $11.02 at 560 WDQM, and we have 942 votes on a poor. Aren't you excited about that?
Thrilled as you can bet.
They're taking time out from their busy schedule and from their driving or mild looking for gas, wasting all the gas that they already got.
What's the levity or athlete? Are you most tired of?
Tom Cruise 246. Hey, Tommy!
Yeah, get lost.
I always got that new deal now with who was it?
Somebody.
The company or the K.E.
I don't know and I don't care. I'm tired of them.
Parasult 999.
Carol Owens 129. Another fine.
Carol.
Oh, we're fine.
Tiger Woods 78. No mole, please. No moss.
Britney Spears 57. Oprah 43.
Mel Gibson 35. Donald Trump 34.
Star Jones 33. Madonna 20.
Very bonds 18.
By the way, you know, this on Friday they had seven different episodes with planes that had to be diverted in the Virgin...
There's a new movie coming out called Flakes on a plane.
Crazy people on planes.
Not a single one of men anything to do with terrorism.
How about they have the student who had the half a stick of dynamite.
They brought home as a souvenir from Mexico.
Only half a stick?
Yeah, one idiot.
What was the rest of it?
Star Jones 33. Madonna 20.
Very bonds 18.
Shack has got 11.
F***!
Vano 11.
Jessica Simpson 9.
Whitney Houston 6. Jennifer Amiston 6.
George Cluey 5.
Brad Pitt 3.
Lance Bass.
Gays.
Solomon Thaeelino.
Well, maybe they want to hear more about Lance Bass.
They're still hockin' about this Wayne Jeff's guy.
His family has...
Oh my God.
Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh.
I don't know.
I mean, maybe I heard him somewhere along the line.
But I didn't think so.
Anyway, let's get into the meat of the matter.
Okay, to our regular agenda.
Here we only got three hours to go until...
Mad Dog!
Two o'clock.
Then we got that big, expensive power hour.
That's probably why they couldn't get my paycheck there run time on Friday with a dilly-dallyed,
made sure they didn't show up till Saturday.
Same old Beasley trick man, buying time, buying time.
That's why I see Miguel out there in the street corner.
Right in the pouring rain he's gonna be on the street corner with like a tin cup and a hat.
Collecting, see if we can pay for the power hour.
The most expensive hour in South Florida sports talk.
A raki police found 11 bodies near his school in Southwestern Baghdad's all through a neighborhood this morning.
The men were blindfolded, had their hands tied behind their backs, and showed sides of torture.
Other than that, they were okay, but they're still dead.
And violence in Iraq left nearly 50 people dead yesterday in a suicide car bombing,
and clashes between Shiite militia and Iraqi security forces.
A brutal contradiction to the Prime Minister's claim that the bloodshed was decreasing.
Oh, it's in its waning day.
That's what it's gonna be doing blood.
That's what it's gonna be doing the next two or three days, gonna be waning a lot.
The deaths followed the day of bombings and shootings on Sunday,
when more than 60 people were killed across the country,
from the northern city of Kirkuk to the capital of Baghdad down to the south in Bazarah.
The dead included eight American soldiers, one of the deadliest weekends for the US military in recent months.
Well over 2600, I don't think the number is in its article, but it's well over 2600 now,
and marching well toward the 3000 mark, not that anybody seems to care.
Here it is, it's not just as more than 2600 US military personnel have died,
but they just can't even count normal, they can't get the number.
Renewed violence undercut Prime Minister Maliki's claim that government forces were prevailing over insurgents
and sectarian extremists.
Right, you should live so long.
Also, a suicide bomb run on many buss near the Palestine Hotel and Central Baghdad
relates to the ins of Ud-18 there.
Just mention these things in passing, because everything is going ball-we're far.
So let's change the subject, okay, let's get off of Iraq.
Let's get to the Hukil-John Ben-A again, huh?
Let's get to the polygamous leader that was nabbed by the FBI.
We're doing a heck of a job.
Let's get to a year after Katrina when things are going so swimmingly well.
Was that like a little play on words?
They're going swimmingly well.
It's a tragedy, man.
It's a disgrace.
And then they're interviewing such experts as Brownie Brown again.
Well, you know, if we haven't learned our lesson, yeah, right.
Okay, let's put his ass on it again.
That Arabian horse's ass, Brownie Brown.
Hard to believe.
Well, I guess if there's anybody who's been making the...
Maybe they're out driving around looking for gas.
They didn't get the bullet in the yesterday afternoon.
Prosecutors abandoned their case after millions and millions of words have been written and breakfast hysterical,
shows and on and on and on.
Prosecutors abandoned their case against school teacher John Mark Cari yesterday,
saying that DNA tests fail for Link Car to the slang of child beauty contestant,
John Ben-A Ramsey, who by the way is still dead.
Car was briefly freed from jail, but quickly returned to a weight expedition to the California,
where he's waiting on a five-mistamine or a child pornography counts.
He's waiting and he's wanted.
District attorney Mary Lacey revealed how the case against Car was built and unraveled
in a five-page motion asking a judge to drop the arrest warrant that brought Car from Bangkok, Thailand.
DNA tests completed Saturday confirmed that Car was not the source of the DNA found on the underwear of John Ben-A Ramsey.
This proving is clear that he was sexually involved with a child and killed her by accident.
Cari's family also provided strong, circumstantial evidence he was with him in Georgia at the time of the crime.
The press in Georgia?
Why does that say in Georgia they were in Alabama, weren't they?
I don't know.
He's the only one saying they were in Georgia and they were from Alabama.
I do believe with a banjo on their knee.
The prosecutor's motion said no evidence is developed other than his own repeated missions to place Mr. Car at the scene of the crime.
Just, you know, and people will say, well why did they bring him back?
Better that they did bring him back because he's a known pedophile and he was teaching young girls school over their entire land.
He was ready to move in.
The effect of, as far north as New Jersey and all the way down into Texas, you can clearly see that boundary here.
That boundary is searing this system directly into the area.
Look at our little speed.
We have flood watches from well north of Orlando all the way down to South Central Florida, West Palm Beach, Fort Pierce, St. Tonya, Miami.
We got 2.5 million people and Miami could be dealing with some potent storms.
There's three to five.
I look at that. They're showing us the course moving to the northwest and it's going right toward Key West.
But it's continuing to move to the northwest.
Now if that's the case, ah, ah, ah, then all of a sudden they jog into the northwest as it gets over to about Naples.
You got it? Got it.
They're jogging it.
But now it looks to me like what they're showing there, the cone is even farther away than it was before.
I think basically on this one they just don't know.
They were just a flabbergast so they haven't got a clue.
Standing in Jackson Square on September 15th, President Bush stated,
this government will learn the lessons of Hurricane Katrina and promise to get the work done quickly.
But on the eve of Katrina's one year anniversary, the current state of New Orleans ain't good.
Ain't good folks, less than half of the city's pre-store and population of 460,000s return,
putting the population to roughly what it was in 1880.
Nearly a third of the trash has yet to be picked up, 60% of home still lack electricity, or it sounds like Baghdad.
17% of the buses are operational, half the physicians have left as a shortage of 1,000 nurses,
6 of the nine hospitals remain closed, 66% of public schools have reopened,
a 40% hike in rental rates disproportionately affecting black and low income families,
a 300% increase in the suicide rate, 84% of New Orleans residents rate the government's recovery efforts negatively,
while 66% believe the recovery money has been mostly wasted.
Other than that, everything is just, oh we're fine.
Hunky Dory is Bob Schiefer would say.
When is the, what's your name, Katie Kurek coming on there, not that I'm going to watch you,
but when is he supposed to get off there already?
You know I'm not keeping track.
Oh, funny, dude, I said, my God, he can't be a day over 100 Kenny.
11 past 11 a Q&A, well I'm going to be glued, man, I got to hear that hour of power,
when the two guys take a shower together, when they're going to cross-dressing.
Do you think I'm going to be sitting here listening to that?
No.
Hey Stokey's continues to be South Florida's top cigar shop of one of the broadest inventories,
containing an outstanding selection of over a thousand open boxes of cigars
with all the top names that you know and love, Perdomo, Ashton V.S.G.,
Arturo Fuente, Pedro and Monte Cristo, Romeo and Julietta, and Luxembourg,
including those special hard-to-find and obscure cigars that you won't just find in every cigar shop.
Buy your premium cigars for the price of seconds and stick around a while,
linger a while, and enjoy your smooth smoke at Stokey's wine lounge featuring Pierre André,
a 100% peanut and wine lots of other fine wines from all around the world.
You'll find Stokey's at 1,1612 North Kindle Drive,
just a half-mile east of exit 20 off the Turnpike open every day,
seven days a week for your smoking, dining and dancing pleasure.
Call the lady reserve all your favorite cigars at Stokey's call 305-598-980820,
305-598-980820, and when you stop into the shops they had a merry on the girls' hand-run Heather,
and they give you a free cigar just for a stop in an insane high, or whatever you want to say.
That Stokey's at 1,1612 North Kindle Drive and Kindle 305-598-980820.
The biggest name of the best talent for this is wheel-roach versus sports radio 560.
You A.M.
Marlins fans is the 2006 QAM Mercedes Benz Grand Flameting Contest.
The Marlins player has a grand slam in a fifth inning.
You could win a two-year lease of a Mercedes Benz C230 for more information and more information.
Thanks to Inter, log on to wqm.com today, but 2006 Mercedes Benz Grand Flameting Contest,
from sports radio 560-9808, QAM.
Spread them and say cheese.
Welcome aboard and bonbon on them.
At all times please keep your hands in sighted car and your head's in sighted car cars and your dinner.
11.15 at 5.60 WQM, while many gas stations were closed in this morning because they were out of fuel,
the ones that were open had few lines.
George, a sign that much of the earlier fuel frenzy throughout South Florida has subsided.
I think that's a crock.
This is what the Herald said. The Herald doesn't lie as if I knew them.
The Alaboo to Who, you don't think I'm joking around.
The supply situation is fine.
Jim Smith of the Florida Petroleum Marketers and convenience store associations said this morning,
the panic situation is with a zout of lime.
Based on what I've seen there can't be anybody else who needs gas out there.
George, that's what the Jim Smith said.
Okay, fearful drivers, many of whom remember the weight of the few stations that had electricity after Wilma last year.
Crowded gas stations yesterday to fill up cars and portable containers and power generators.
Sales in South Florida were about six times the normal rate yesterday he said.
Smith who represents 5300 gas stations and convenience store owners throughout the state,
said this year about 20% of the portable generators should the electricity go out.
It damn well better not.
Port Everdweids were much of South Florida gets its fuel supply close to vessels yesterday.
The evenings mid-s mid-send, but out of that truck so far still able to go in and out of the port
and fill up on fuel that already stored there.
The state had 200 million gallons of fuel on Monday equal the way 10 days supply.
So what's not to lie, George?
Uh-huh.
A Chevron owner in Kendall said drivers could speed up lines by pumping plus or premium gas.
What does that mean?
On Monday everyone was pumping regular.
Oh, I see. Well, maybe they can't afford plus or premium gas.
How do you like that, Schmuck?
Oh, I'll take anything. I'll take ultra-precision.
Which slowed down the process 10 to 15 minutes per car.
And Exxon and the Shell Station was, I understand that.
What different? Oh, in other words, they were all writing for regular?
Okay.
Do you understand that?
No.
In other words, no matter what grade you're pumping, it doesn't take any longer.
No matter what grade you're supporting what I'm saying.
Uh-huh.
I don't understand that.
An Exxon and Shell Station within a mile of each other on North Federal Highway and for a lot of day,
this morning each had yellow tape cordoning off the gas pumps,
which Josh tells me that that's what's going on at BP right up the street from the station there.
Yes.
That what's going on?
Yes.
And George verified it.
A familiar sign indicating there was no fuel to be had.
But the headline says some gas stations out of fuel, but open stations have few lines,
and Jim Smith that they've floated petroleum marketers and convenience store associations said,
there can't be anyone else out there who needs gas.
You think he's maybe getting a little bit carried away?
Maybe a little.
A little over the top.
And don't be topping off your cars, you idiots, you morons,
and don't be taking those 10 and 15 and 20 gallon containers and like,
steal up, hop it up more gas.
Like some kind of a grubber tockas, okay?
There's some people they want it all, man. All for me.
You know what I'm saying?
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
That's it.
Greg Palast writes,
Huracan expert,
Trenton for pre-Catina warnings.
You see about this poor guy, Dr. Van Hearden?
No.
Well, that's what I'm hearing.
That's what you're hearing?
Don't blame the lady, Katrina killed no one in New Orleans.
In fact, Katrina missed the city completely going wide to the East,
right, Greg Palast, who was a real Ojohn provocateur if he asked for me, a real troublemaker.
It wasn't a hurricane that drowned suffocated the hydrated and star 1500 people that week.
The killing was done by a deadly duo, a failed emergency evacuation plan combined with faulty levees.
Behind these twin figures lies a tale of crony as improper tearing and willful incompetence that takes us right to the steps of the White House.
What a shock.
This is the story you haven't been told and the man who revealed it to me, Dr. Iver Van Hearden,
is putting his job on the line to tell it.
Sounds like a Dutchman to me.
Van Hearden.
And that's how Dutch?
That's what I'm hearing.
Van Hearden isn't a typical whistleblower I usually deal with, right, Greg Palast.
This is no minor player.
He's deputy director of the Louisiana State University Huracan Center.
He's the top banana in his field.
No one knew more about how to save New Orleans from a hurricane's devastation,
and no one was a better target than a bigger target in an official and corporate campaign to bury the information.
Here's what happened.
Right after Katrina swamped the city, I called Washington to get a copy of the evacuation plan.
Funny thing about the murderously failed plan for the evacuation of New Orleans, nobody can find it.
That's right, it's missing.
Maybe it got wet and sank in the flood.
Whatever, nobody can find it.
That's real bad.
Here's the key thing about a successful emergency evacuation plan.
You have to have copies of it, lots of copies, and fire houses and hospitals in the hands of every first responder.
Secret evacuation plans don't work.
I know I worked on the Hurricane evacuation plan for Long Island New York and the Labrade Multi-Value de Mdancier.
Specifically, I'm talking about the plan that was written or supposed to have been written two years ago by a company called Innovative Emergency Management.
Oh, is that what we got?
Yeah.
The word thing about IEM, their founder, Maudu Barrowall, had no known experience in hurricane evacuations.
She did, however, have a lot of experience in donating two Republicans.
IEM and FEMA did begin a draft of a plan.
The plan was that when a hurricane hit everyone in the Crescent City would simply get the hell out of their in their cars.
Apparently, the IEM FEMA crew didn't know that 127,000 people in the city don't have cars.
The doctor ran here and knew that it was his calculation.
LSU knew that were these no-car people, were they mapped it and how to get them out.
Dr. Van Herden offered his life-saving info to FEMA.
They wouldn't touch it.
Then a state official told him to shut up, back off, or there'd be consequences for Van Herden's position.
This official now works for IEM.
So I asked him what happened as a result of making no plans for those without wheels.
A lot of them elderly and most of them poor.
1500 of them drowned. That's the bottom line.
The professor had been talking to me in technicalities, changed to a somber tone.
They're still finding corpses, he said.
Van Herden is supposed to keep his mouth shut, but he won't.
The deaths weigh on him. I wasn't going to listen to these sort of threats to let them shut me down.
Van Herden had other disturbing news.
The Hurricane Center's computer model showed the federal government had built the levees around the city of foot and a half too short.
Like George, too short.
Right.
After Katrina, the Hurricane Center analyzed the flooding and found that had the levees had just that extra 18 inches,
they would have been overtopped for only an hour and a half, not for four hours.
In that case, the levees would have held and the city could have been saved.
He had taken the warning about the levees all the way to George Bush's doorstep.
I myself beat senior officials, including somebody from the White House.
He said the response, the university's trustees threatened his job.
They didn't like what they were hearing.
While in Baton Rouge, I dropped in on the headquarters of IEM, the evacuation contractors.
The assistant to the CEO insisted they had a lot of experience with evacuation,
but couldn't name a single-city-rated plan for when they got the big easy contract,
and still they couldn't produce the plan.
In IEM press release in June 2004, both the legendary expert James Lee Witt, as a member of their team,
that was impressive. It was also a lie.
In fact, Witt had nothing to do with it.
When I asked IEM Point Blank of Whits name was used as a fragile and hooked to get the contract,
there's spokeswoman said, weirdly, we'll get back to you on that.
What a response!
Back at LSU, Van Hearden astonished me with the most serious charge of all.
While showing me huge maps of the flooding, he told me the White House had withheld the information
that in fact the levees were about to burst, and by two, the at the dawn of the city,
at dawn the city and more than a thousand people would drown.
Van Hearden said, FEMA knew on Monday at 11 o'clock that the levees had breached, they took video.
My midnight on Monday, the White House knew, but none of us knew, I was at the state emergency operations center.
Because the hurricane had missed the city that the Monday night, the evacuation effectively stopped,
assuming the city had survived.
It's been a full year now, and 73,000 new Orleans remain in FEMA traders,
and other 200,000 more than half the city's former residents remain in temporary refuges.
The city that came, the care for God, that's their official slogan,
lost the higher percentage of homes than Berlin lost in WW2.
It would be more accurate to call the city that pushed for God.
Should they come home, rebuild as it safe, team busher sure is them,
and there's nothing to worry about.
FEMA won't respond to Van Hearden's revelations, however the Bush administration has hired a consulting firm
to fix the failed evacuation plan.
The contractor, a Baton Rouge company called Innovative Emergency Management, IEM.
How do you like that?
We're going to take up Brownie on.
Do you have any Republican friends?
Brownie Brown.
Well, I do.
I've got quite a few Republican friends.
Well, I hope you have a party with them.
Okay, and then we all drown. How's that?
Brownie.
See, what did I just tell you?
What was I just screaming about? Shrieking about.
Good shrieking about.
Yeah, bring on the expert, Brownie Brown.
He knows how to drown them with a vestibum.
I drown thanks to Brownie Brown.
How about you, a lot of people were saying that, probably about 1500.
Could be a wrap, son.
900 and yeah, with those guys from that movie, four brothers.
Good movie, like I said, check it out.
982 votes on the pool.
What celebrity or athlete are you most tired of?
I'll tell you one thing, I'm tired of Brownie Brown.
Do that, please.
Yeah, I'm playing this.
Tom Cruise, 254, Tommy.
You're fairy.
How's the peepin, Tommy?
Remember that scene?
Yes, I did.
254, but he's so good, Phil.
He seems more hoppy than the name of that movie.
By the way, it was the OGC, oh, did you create the gambling movie?
Owning the hoeing.
That's it.
Yeah, I remember the old TV, and then I forgot.
The lucky guy, probably at the middle of the night.
Maybe one in the morning when somebody called me.
Yeah, that's about, when somebody called me at one in the morning on Friday night, owning
the hoeing.
Nice going normal, you jackass, you simple then.
You're fairy.
Tom Cruise, 254, Parasolton 205, Terrell Owens 136.
He used to be Terrell Owens, but now he's Terrell.
Tiger Woods 80, who's still the same as always, just makes me sick.
Britney Spears 59, Oprah 45, she makes me double sick.
She makes me puke gigantic gobs and globs.
Mel Gibson 36, Donald Trump 35, Star Jones 33, very bonds 22, Madonna 20, Bono 13,
Shaq is got 11.
Cute!
No, no, that's the wrong one.
You notice how all those one name people on Madonna, Bono and Shaq, all together there.
Orpere though, being the bitch that she is, she's got to be like, way ahead of the pack.
She's out in the league of her own.
Jessica Simpson 10, Whitney Houston 7, Garrett T. O, sum of 0 at 7 times.
Jennifer A. Houston 7, George Clooney 5, who makes really crappy movies, by the way,
do not waste your time watching Good Night and Good Luck.
Oh, you are so right.
You know, Ponderous would be a compliment for that movie.
Yeah, and that's tragic.
Because, you know, a lot of people are just standing there.
That's a compelling story, but the problem was the movie was just to look in a show mirror
and like how you got to model through that.
And Ponderous, really boring.
George Clooney 5, allegedly in his own mind, Brad Pitt 3 and Lance Bass, still.
So, what about the Oino?
And you probably want to know why?
Why?
Well, I mean, in this audience, how many people do you think know who Lance Bass is?
Who?
Exactly, my point.
26 past 11 at 5.60 QAM.
The biggest name, so best talent for this is Leo Rogers, 4.60560.
Oh my god.
Excuse me, but I do believe that stuff is.
Was Cypher Air 121 seemed like a typical flight?
What that was about to change?
There's something rubbing against my legs.
Kippings on a plane.
Oh, it's so adorable.
Samuel L. Jackson's stars even most anticipated movie of the summer.
Kippings on a plane.
Enough is enough.
I've had it with these muscles.
Oh, he's cute.
Can I give it?
Can I bleed?
Can't frenzy magazine says, if you see only one movie about Kippings on a plane, see John McLean's on a plane.
Oh, we got a little pig nose.
You can hear them talking.
You can hear him.
You're looking at him.
Oh, he's got you.
I'm so cute.
What the hell was that?
I'm not.
Here in Fort Worth.
Oh, there he is.
We've been talking with John Marker every day.
I just can't come more than an hour without hearing that voice.
Keeps me going.
I'm going to wear.
Anyway, officials, I beg your pardon.
Going to wear.
And Josh will be very pleased since he was so psychotic about that movie.
He sticks on a plane and can't try to convince us that it did so great the first week.
And it did 56.
What was it?
15 million?
Yeah, I just said it was a leading movie.
But very, I totally really weak number man.
And the second week it went in a crapper.
You couldn't find it with the tidy bullman.
And Mr. Plummer couldn't find it.
Just get way down in there with the rotor rudder guy and you still can't find it.
That's how deep in the toilet that movie is.
And you want to know why people don't they get spooked by snakes.
They don't like snakes.
They're part.
They don't like snakes.
Oh.
It's spooky man.
Spooky.
And as a result, who the hell in their right mind wants to go see a movie about snakes on a plane?
Ah, gross.
Officials gathering at the Broward Emergency Operations Center for press briefing this morning and
out several measures being taken because of approaching Ernesto, including the decision to keep
Broward schools closed on Wednesday tomorrow.
Of course, they already decided that before, but they said, well, let's just stick with it, right?
Right.
Now, I could say something about the radar.
I could look at it again here, but I better not.
I better keep my trap shut.
Okay.
Okay.
Because they're the, no, what do we know?
They're the extra right?
That's right.
We know nothing.
We've only been through about a thousand of these, including as far back as Andrew.
But we know nothing.
So I'm just keeping my mouth shut.
But I will say this.
Now I won't say it.
Also decided for Lauderdale Airport will close at seven o'clock tonight.
The last flight in or out around 6.30 p.m.
The passenger security check lines will close at 6 p.m.
And many airlines will shut down before then.
You better call your airline and check it out.
I hate it.
Decision will be made on when the airport reopens after the worst of the storm passes.
And speaking of the worst of the storm, I'm looking at it right now on the NOAA radar, on the Hurricane radar.
And I just, I mean, yeah, it's not that long before because there's some yellows and red, a little bit of red there.
Some of the outer bands that are coming.
But the rest of it, the bull, I mean, it's a very big storm.
But the bulk of it, the nastiest heavy-duty stuff is south.
And if it continues going to the northwest, you know what I'm saying?
I don't want to say it.
Don't say it.
It's going to be the worst.
Prepare for the worst.
Cargo and passenger ships service support ever glades will shut down immediately
with the exception of ships and trucks handling petroleum gas and diesel.
Josh has diesel, by the way, he wants to know that.
So he's not going to muscle you off for your other gas.
I'm not waiting in line like the rest of you clown.
That is correct.
Oh, hey.
In fact, yes, psyching some of his diesel on, see how that works in your van.
Sure.
Fuel trucks will continue to make the livers as long as it's deemed safe.
Cruise passengers are reminded to call their cruise lines for updated information.
A Howard mayor, Ben Graber said fuel trucks will continue to distribute gas
to the service station throughout south Florida till the last possible moment today.
And with that comment we had before from Jim Smith, nobody should not have gas.
George.
Graber said, well, that's what he said.
Yeah, yeah.
He's the expert man on the pervert.
He's the expert.
Maybe that's just indeed.
No.
Graber said that since Hurricane Wilma, the county and gas companies installed generators to ensure
that fuel can be loaded on the trucks, even if the power is out at the rest of the port ever glades.
This year we can get the fuel out of the port onto the roads.
Graber said, we have plenty of gasoline in those tanks and nobody needs to worry towards.
That's what everybody is saying.
Ben Graber says it's him.
Oh, yeah.
See, school superintendent Frank Tillinbrower said that the school's bus fleet of over a thousand vehicles
should be safe in the five lots across Broward.
Well, who cares about that?
During Hurricane Wilma buses experience very little damage.
Of course, remember all those school buses that were like sitting there in New Orleans and I was screaming in the yellow and carrying on them?
Yeah.
Why aren't they using the school buses to evacuate all those poor bastards?
And then of course, the buses wound up being underwater when it was too late.
Broward County Transit will assist in the evacuation of mobile home parks at the right now, started at 10 o'clock this morning.
I mean, anybody's, I mean, even the worst of the trailer trash ain't going to hang around there unless they're crazy, right?
Right.
In anticipation of tropical storm force winds, Broward County Transit expects the cease-regular bus service at three this afternoon, depending on weather conditions.
A lockdown of bridges began at 8 o'clock this morning.
Broward County government, let's see, sorry, well we know that.
Early voting is suspended for the notice while they can re-juge your votes.
Would you call me?
That's what the governor said.
They got to retool the vote tally and this gives them a golden opportunity like we do it.
Yeah, I'm looking at that radar. I better get off of that thing.
Okay. I don't want to keep looking back because then I'm going to be inclined to make statements that are going to get people like, oh gee,
2014 votes on the poll.
I do like that. Of course, we may have a captive audience today.
I mean, what person other than you guys, what person in the right mind went to work today, right?
Nobody didn't have to, I'm sure.
That is correct. Unless you have like a major must kind of job, like a radio broadcast.
Like, you know, I'm like an important news station like QAM.
Now what's the deal? In other words, they're not going to let you stay home tomorrow. Is that what they said?
That is what they said.
Well, how do they know what's going to happen? They don't know what's going on.
They don't care what they have.
We don't know exactly where this thing is going to take a turn for the worst.
If we're underwater and so is my house and all points in between, I still have to come into work.
Well, you can use that same rubber raft that you came to America.
The thing I saved it better puts an air in it.
You better inflate that baby.
Right. Get a hold of this new gas. Maybe you can blow some of that hot air from his ego in there.
By the way, the guys across the street.
Oh, man. Anyway, Sodom was saying this is cute.
Sodom was saying has been forced to watch South Park beer longer than uncut.
According to the film's creator, Matt Stone.
The former Iraqi leader is portrayed in the movie as a homosexual who's in a relationship with the devil
and Stone claims the prisoner is being forced to watch it repeatedly as he is held by US Marines.
I think they're doing a talk or her instinct on it.
They got his eyes propped open and the drop of the eye drops in there.
And he's watching our horror watching himself portray this a...
You're fair.
The South Park movie was banned on release in Iraq seven years ago.
I don't like that.
That's punishment worse than anybody could come up with.
Well, there is a John Mark Carb, by the way, with a crazy person.
The type of preference that he does.
The child has to only respond to what Susan said.
Oh, Boulder District Attorney, they faced tough questions at noon in the Eastern Daylight time.
And of course, if it's noon in the east, doesn't that mean it's noon in the west?
Norma, you idiot.
Just keep thinking that to yourself.
I'm not making it up.
I'm in Canada and you're in Canada.
So if it's 10 o'clock here, I thought it would be 10 o'clock there.
I'm made a little friend from Vancouver, like you can.
An absolute simple, man.
A real...
You're fair.
Queen, goes to show you, man.
Smoking all that bad weed all those years.
Plus, you can just imagine he was puffing up a storm there in Vancouver, huh?
I imagine.
What else would he have been there for?
No questions.
No comment.
I mean...
Puffin' on a big one.
Yeah.
Well...
That was...
That was in the 23th, folks.
Why do you use your own imagination?
No, I don't want to...
Ladies, names of best talents.
This is Neil Rogers for 20560.
You A.M.
Oh.
Hey, thanks for helping me out with Hurricane preparation.
Eat, you.
Eat.
Do it, my friend, boat.
Eat, my friend, boat.
No!
Tata!
Where'd they go having another snorkel?
When did your power go out?
About a week before the storm got here.
Me too.
Make you wonder.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
You know what?
There's a lot of flow now.
Like you're a show.
Now I hold the ladder.
I'm coming down.
I'm happy to be able to go.
Like...
I'm going to go!
I'm going to go!
Why you have run again?
I'm going to go!
I'm going to go!
I'm going to go!
You're going to go?
I'm going to go!
Maybe I can think that with my body.
Do you like that?
Look, I'm the Kenya!
I'm out of here!
It's bigger than that.
Guess who I don't see on the new schedule?
How do you like that?
I don't know.
I had no idea.
Looks to me like Geltie's the missing link on the new schedule.
Now what I want you to do, you...
Yes.
I want you to go Google Miami radar.
Okay?
I forgot how slow that damn thing is there.
Okay?
The very top choice that comes up.
Got it?
Got it.
And W.S. in it.
Click it.
Click it.
Get that map on there.
Get that loop going.
You got the map.
You got that peninsula.
Oh, get out of here.
Loading.
It's drawing.
By the way, somebody needs to put Dan Abrams in jail.
There's horrible news.
What are they called?
Lockup?
On MSNBC?
Lockdown?
Lockup after Scarver.
They ought to lock him up.
I see it out in there.
I think to myself.
Lockup my ass.
Okay, I'll get a big box.
Yeah, get a big cell.
All right, I got it.
I don't have any movement yet, but I've got to deal with it.
Well, no, you don't have any movement because you've got to click.
You see, go down there where it says reflectivity.
See that in the middle on the left?
Reflectivity.
Can you handle it?
I'm looking.
You're...
This is pathetic.
And click where it says loop and it'll put in motion.
It puts the motion in your casket if you don't get with this.
Or, or, or, or, or, or, or, you can go on.
You're going, huh?
You got it?
Is it moving?
What are you doing?
I'm clicking.
Yeah, click this.
It's looping.
Okay.
Now, you see what I'm saying about this?
Okay.
Yeah.
I know what you're saying that you don't want to say.
Yeah.
And I know what you're thinking.
If they're saying it's going to continue with going to the Northwest for 24 hours, I mean,
that precludes that northward jog that they were saying that it was going to go all of a sudden when it got to like, uh,
Naples or thereabouts.
All of a sudden, go turn to the east and it will straight up the middle of the state.
And that would they've been saying?
That's what they've been saying.
Well, how the hell is that possible if it's going 13 miles an hour for the next 24 miles?
That's over 300 miles and puts it way out the hell in the Gulf.
But I'm not saying that.
Just to give you the help you say that, right?
But you do see what I'm saying.
I don't know.
You see.
Now, you see the outer bands in the moment since I've been following the tragedy.
You're going to be able to see the boys in the band.
So, I mean, it first happened once before last year when everything was, uh,
when Hurricane was going west, northwest, and they kept saying that it was going to go north and it just, uh,
never did until it got to Mexico.
Right.
I mean, that's what we want to say.
I mean, we want to say anything like that.
And we know what hell it's going to do with all the, we know that certainly based on what these, uh,
no, uh, Hurricane, advise, resource, and if it does what they're saying,
then they're going to do what they, uh, I don't know.
Just, just like I said, get your gas, get your plywood, your viscene, your generators, uh,
all your supplies, right?
Your duct tape, lots of duct tape.
Lots of gas.
Lots of gas.
Lots of lots of gas.
In fact, fill up bulk.
Every container you can find.
It always a little plastic jug.
Yeah.
Choring bleach bottles, all that.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
Get your old Corox bottle.
Fill it up.
You will again.
The ass is all that, you know, probably burn that.
Put it in your mouth.
Mm-hmm.
President Mahmoud Ahmad Dinajad, voice defiance.
What?
That's his name.
The Iranian president, voice defiance today, is a deadline year for Iran to halt work in the West
years as they stepped forward, building nuclear bombs.
And he challenged president, voice, to a televised debate.
That is the all the best.
I don't crack out this life, just for any story, but this one.
I gotta be honest with you, where the hell is it?
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
In a news conference, Ahmed Hundrejad, condemned the US and British role in the world since
W.W.
It too, but made no direct mention of the international nuclear confrontation, or as your president
would say, nuclear.
I suggest holding a live TV debate with Mr. George W. Bush to talk about world affairs,
and the ways to solve those issues he said.
The UN Security Council has given him an answer all Thursday to spend uranium enrichment,
a process which can produce fuel for reactors, or explosive materials for warheads, and
a certain sanction is listed as so.
Washington has called for a swift response if Iran doesn't meet the deadline, but analysts
say the visions that the UN about how to handle Iran's file could delay such a move.
And he liked that, he challenges the Bush-Misture to wait to bathe.
What's the dumb did, too, remember?
In fact, this whole thing is shaping up just like that, given him a deadline and we're
going to have coal sanctions.
And just look at all the good things that happen all those Iraqi kids because of the UN
sanctions.
So although other lives were enriched, speaking of things in really bad taste besides MSNBC,
were you talking about a guy with a puffed up ego that Dan Abrams?
Oh, well, he's the general manager now of him, but he keeps making appearances on him
because he has to share his expertise with us on John Carr and about New Orleans.
Whatever the subject is, man, he's the expert.
NBC, expert.
Thank God I wasn't watching the Emmys, man.
And you want to know why I don't watch the Emmys?
Because it's pointless boring and mutual outrage.
No, beside that.
He's not.
You don't know any of those people.
Because I don't want to hear those shows.
Okay.
I know I'd hit it eventually.
I know that must come as a shock to some of our pepper younger people in the audience
like Daniel Abaster.
There are no good shows that got nominated anyway.
No, you could have put the period after shows.
You have a 24-hour award.
Is that any good?
I don't have it watched it.
See?
I think I've seen one.
I've seen 24.
Both of you are very popular.
No, but I heard it's good.
Oh.
Wow.
NBC Express regret Monday for an Emmy Awards comedy skit that included a mock plane crash
and aired on the network the evening of the fatal Kentucky jetliner accident.
You know, when they were on the wrong runway, the one that wasn't lit up, the one that
was too short.
Oops.
Yeah.
Oh, sorry.
I think we screwed up.
Our hearts and prayers go out to the many families who lost loved ones in the plane crash
in Kentucky on Sunday.
And to the entire community that has suffered this terrible loss, NBC said in the statement
that they have to the ceremony, which rang really hollow.
You know, it went over like a pregnant pole vault or in the Attea Quater.
Not too good.
In no way would we ever want to make light of this terrible tragedy in BC said the film
gopening during the Emmy telecast was meant to spoof some of TV's well-known scenes.
The timing was unfortunate.
We regret any unintentional pain.
It may have caused the pre-recorded skit was broadcast as part of the live Emmy ceremony
just hours after that commuter jet taking off and Lexington Kentucky crashed into a
field in Burston flames killing 49 criticism of the sequence appeared on website Sunday
night, including the LA Times will account this for the newspaper calling it cringe-inducing
enough questionable taste.
The airing of the skittest spoof on the ABC plane crashed around the lost was condemned
by the General Manager of NBC's Lexington affiliate W.L.E.X.
It was a live telecast.
We were completely helpless.
Tim Gilbert was quoted as saying Sunday night on the Lexington Harold leaders website.
By the time we did react, it was all over.
At the station, we were as horrified as the people were at home.
The segment which opened the Emmy started with host Conan O'Brien boarding a private
plane to LA, asked by a stewardess if he was nervous about hosting the show.
O'Brien answered, nervous what could possibly go wrong.
The plane then pitched violently and a crash was implied but not shown.
Instead, the skitt cut to a brand straightened on the island, resembling the one in lost.
I think that's the problem in the ABC.
Maybe that's why there's second wind in the enumbers there because they're lost.
Just like the guys across the street, they're lost.
When you say, what?
Now, are you watching at the loop?
I'm watching.
Is it mean you loop the loop?
It's kind of hypnotic when you keep watching.
It's like staring at the spin-sand.
I'm like, I'm going to the lava lamp.
By the way, speaking of that, when the hell are your thoughts coming to South Florida?
Huh?
No, we don't hear any more about that since that Fred Grimcom.
It was pretty grim news.
And this Friday, you know what this Friday is going to be?
Don't you own a calendar?
What?
Good Friday.
First of September.
Oh, yeah.
And one of these ships set the Embray, whatever that is.
Yeah, that one.
And then the second and the third.
And you know the data I'm coming back full time, don't you?
9-11, baby.
9-11.
The interesting part about that is that it has anything to do with anything.
But 9-11 was on a Tuesday and I had come back from vacation on the day before 9-10 in 2001 on Monday.
Came back just in time.
Remember that day?
I'm sure you do.
Or do?
And Gildy's on a year.
Oh, we got to talk about sports.
What's his candidate with sports?
He's pressing the building.
He's not going to talk about sports.
What are we going to say about it?
That's one of the many reasons you won't hear Armonia here anytime soon.
Why, you probably will.
Just like that bitch read a crowd, crowd of crossbeats.
Took her show off here.
But boy, now she's all over the place.
She's like a freaking disease.
You're seriously defending him.
The work I mean, he's telling reporters.
God.
Oh, my God.
I mean, just squeaking and puking and just trying this way to squeak out a few words and
can't do it.
Still can't do it.
That's why MSNBC is sucking wind.
Believe you me.
Yes, so we're looking at this thing and there's that big blob, which I guess is the majority.
That's the nastiest part of this tropical storm right now.
It's still a tropical storm, by the way.
Highest-estate winds 45 miles an hour.
But it's over those really warm waters, you know.
And you notice the way they keep saying that because they're hoping like crazy.
Oh, yes.
The people are giving us that news.
They're either in Atlanta or they're in New York or somewhere they'll be safe like
a Louise in the Bronx.
You know, they're certainly not in Florida like you poor bastards there.
Like I'm not.
Although it wouldn't be something that's this thing whipped up like crazy and then came
zooming up over Western Pennsylvania and over those really warm waters of Lake Ontario.
And right there into like Scarborough would be good.
Just blow it off the map.
It was all a public service.
The world's oldest person dies.
We usually have some guy in news at the beginning of the show and here it is almost noon already.
To show how many more important things are going on like John Mark Carr.
I think he's a Mark Mandol.
You all the man part of nothing sure about.
And I still don't think he's got a.
Oh, sorry, Joyce.
And a appendage.
Keto Ecuador.
Boy, have you seen the picture of this lady?
The one that died?
Yeah, yes.
She looked old.
Yeah, well, she was only 116.
She said she'd like to have a small cup of wine with lunch, but nothing more.
I don't know what that means with lunch for nothing more.
Do you know what that means?
The wine?
No, but it doesn't say for lunch, but it says she'd like to have a small cup of wine with lunch, but nothing more.
I don't know.
In other words, it's not a gallon of booze.
I don't know what that means.
Oh, like not more.
Yeah, not more than that.
Maria Estard de Kepovia believed to be the world's oldest person died at the age of 116 in Keto Ecuador.
Her granddaughter said, have you ever seen a spot where the guy is a hundred years old?
And he plays the trumpet?
Yes.
I love that spot.
That is a good spot.
That is a cool old dude, man.
If we had a world ride, we'd look like him.
He's a man, he's playing a horn on Friday night.
He's in the pine cone in.
That's right.
Friday, if it's Friday, I'm at the pine cone in.
Right, I love that spot.
He's my kind of inspiration.
He's a hundred years old and he's still a spy.
I agree.
But he's not going to the early bird.
I bet you he don't live in sunrise lakes.
Catherine Kepovia, 46 property manager and real estate manager in Miami, where they specialize in old people.
Said Kepovia died Sunday at three o'clock in the morning, local time in a hospital in the coastal city of Guacquil.
She died two days after that.
Those are the only two cities ever heard of in Ecuador.
It's Keto and Guacquil.
Maybe those are the only two cities in Ecuador.
She died two days after coming down with Pinomonia.
Her funeral was planned for yesterday.
So I guess she's in the ground or on the ground.
Born in September 14, 1889, the same year as Charlie Chaplin and Adolf Hitler, she was married in 1917 and widowed in 1949.
Robert Young, who knows best, senior consultant for Gerontology for Guinness World Records said,
Elizabeth Bolden, the Memphis, Tennessee, now appears to be the oldest person alive.
Guinness Book of Records will have to make an official announcement from London.
He said, for all practical purposes, the next oldest person is going to be presumed to be Elizabeth Bolden.
She also is on the 16th, but was born in 11 months after Kepovia.
So in Ecuador, is that something you'd like to be the oldest person alive?
Whatever.
No.
Oh yeah, she liked, let's see, she liked to embroider, paint, play the piano and dance the wall, said parties.
She always ate three meals a day, never smoked at Rank Hard liquor, only a small cup of wine.
That's what that meant, see.
Just to try the wine, just a little sip.
Like Member Marlon Brando, just a little sip.
For the past 20 years, she lived with her elder daughter, Hilda and Sonny Law, Martin.
She's probably out of this world.
Member Martin?
Who?
Bill Bixby.
Let's see how many votes we got here, approaching noon.
We got Mad Dog at two.
We got the cross over the cross-dress hour with four to five of Hank and Mad Dog.
The Humper Beck, where he belongs in the afternoon between five and seven after a year and a half of disaster.
And then we got what?
Oh, Hurricane Hotline would lay a co-oper at seven o'clock for 35, excruciating minutes, followed by the Marlon game.
And you're going to see all them front running phonies jumping on the bandwagon now.
They want to eat in the road, or only two games under the wild card.
Am I right, or only two games under 500?
Yeah, that's right.
Yo, that really is un-eally.
And the best part of it is that Jeffrey Luria hates Joe Gerardi because he's doing such a bad job managing
and because he's got an additive worry.
Do you see that article?
I saw that.
And they had a little countertops there in Luria.
He's an idiot.
The biggest enemy he has.
Best talent.
You go, Joe.
Second form, any?
No 560.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to 1 hour on QAM.
Caffeine applied directly to the brainstem.
Caffeine applied directly to the brainstem.
Caffeine applied directly to the brainstem.
Sir, do you have any liquids?
I'm not telling.
Oh, you must be jealous.
Oh, does that make me a fella?
Hey, no need for yelling.
Let me get my supervisor, Ellen.
Sir, are you jealous?
Or your question is compelling.
Let's see what the doza's smelling.
Yeah, you are.
Joe, jealous.
Or you caught me, your infant, Ellen.
Let's go and get Moe.
You'll be dwelling.
Yeah, I found out I played again right away since you liked it
so much the first time.
Still like it.
What's not done?
That's a peracian?
That certainly is.
All right.
Don't tell me that you haven't played that yet.
I haven't found it yet though.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
I don't know if I have that discat.
Well, good.
I'm going to play him all about 100 times
just to get the jump on you.
560, 7.0560.
What am I giving that numbers out?
It's already took a call.
Something to do.
Huh?
I already took one call.
How are you?
About 400 containers in the city home
and puts in duct tape over your mouth.
I have that article.
Oh, yeah.
You know who's going to have a nervous breakdown
about this story?
Pat Buchanan, who's on every, he's even
on like MTV now screaming in yelling about Mexicans
and about all these illegals who were taken over the country.
And this is going to be right up his alley.
Los Angeles blogger, Loan Waco reports an incident this weekend
that should be entering heavy rotation
any minute and on the mainstream media,
right in Roger's cave and head on workbench.
His spanic pro-immigration demonstrator
has raised a Mexican flag over US post office
in Maywood, California, Saturday
as part of a counter demonstration against Save Our State
an anti-immigration group that claims California
is becoming a third world cesspool.
Oh, third world cesspool.
I've lived in places like that.
Maywood became a flashpoint in the escalating immigration
to be when elected officials in the LA area city of 25,000,
which is 96% Hispanic declared a sanctuary
for illegal immigrants and took steps
to make enforcement more difficult.
The LA Times covered the competing Maywood protest
but did not report on the flag raising,
which was witnessed by commentator Bridget Johnson
of the LA Daily News, who wrote,
after the local post office took down the American flag
at closing time pro-immigration demonstrators
promptly ran the Mexican flag up the flag pole.
Eventually police officers remained to the flag pole
and tried to get the Mexican flag down,
but the cords got twisted
and they could only lower to half staff.
Says raising a Mexican flag over US government
building is a flagrally offensive gesture
against a country that has celebrated immigration,
supported by lingualism and teaches school children
to believe the melting pot is one of our strengths.
This stunt is as ugly as the Mexican
you're rhetoric coming from groups like Save Our State.
And you have to wonder if these stupidity
it says that would inspire activists
to be so damaging to their own efforts.
And now of course, Papi can't
it's gonna be all over this like stink on Joyce.
Good.
Yeah, that's right.
I mean, who can imagine people doing that?
It would be like people in South Florida
driving them out with Cuban flags in their cars.
Who would do such a thing?
Such things like that.
Incredible.
I'm acceptable as well, though.
Well, they're having a big trend
to defend the indefensible and bolder Colorado.
He said, this was a voicemail.
He said you should be tired and feathered
and run out of town.
And I agree.
I want you to call me and tell me
that you're going to resign.
You know, that's pretty harsh and it's not just one.
We're all calling like that.
I call them back.
And this is the bolder Colorado D.A.
It's a huge surprise that you called me.
But he started with the two reasons.
And I'm imagining that his questions
are the same questions on the top of your mind.
Yeah, well, still the beans.
The first question was, why didn't you
seriously take DNA in bank?
Why'd you put us through all the star and pony show
which helped change the subject for your president, by the way?
We did.
Yeah, and...
We made it.
Upon...
I think they took DNA from their spectrum.
Who went to mailboxes to pick up a package
that we sent to him.
Two different officers took DNA off of the bicycle
that he rode back.
On a separate occasion.
I bet you'd even slip the bicycle seat.
That he used to drink from and a tissue or wipe
that he used to wipe his hands.
The bottom line is that after we did that,
our experts, and we put a great deal of respect
back to our expert from the Denver lab
said that the sample in the underwear of the victim
was a mixed sample.
And that we do not want to compare a mixed sample
with a mixed sample.
We need a Christine sample.
That means a buckle swap.
A buckle swap can only be taken by consent
or by court proceeding or court order.
We couldn't get his consent because he didn't know
he was under investigation.
We couldn't alert him at that time.
The gentleman had a number of other questions.
And, you know, I'm gonna have to rely on the people here today
to help me out to answer the specifics of the dates and times.
Do we care about this?
I don't.
No, but that buzz that home sure was nice.
Okay, one more.
Well, let's just put the buzz, the hum on here
and get her ass out of there.
Because she's just meekly mounting her way through
but it will, and it's good that they did bring them back.
Even though they spent a ton of money
and they fit them all like good food on the plane.
He's right, champagne!
Right, because he's a notorious,
and this business about why he's gonna need counseling,
you know, he's going to go and keep back to California
to stand for the child pornography charges.
But then after he's eventually released,
he's gonna need counseling.
These people don't understand.
You can't counsel childless users.
There's no such thing.
It doesn't, put them on Alcatraz.
Put them on an island separate from everybody else.
That's the way they sit.
With the blood of the Peter Files
and a bunch of Catholic priests.
Excuse the redundancy.
Steven Zoons in foreign policy and focus, right?
How Washington-Goated Israel?
Did you read this column on our website?
No.
I bet you Josh got it on there nice and early.
Yes, I did.
Good.
It's an amazing one to go into it.
It's amazing when they screw up your paycheck,
how it can turn into all these other things.
But that's good that you guys had that meeting yesterday.
That's what I had everything errand out.
I'm glad that George Corsa was involved
because he's certainly a big fan of this show.
In fact, I put him almost in the same category with Joyce
and your program directed to by the way.
I think I better do the break first,
because I don't want to,
I'm not gonna give this a lick in his smears
they say in China.
Good.
Well, no, it's too important,
because this is really what it was all about.
And did I take it that Bush was behind that whole
lesbian on impatient again and then hold the o?
Yes, you did.
I told you that.
Didn't take a rocket sign.
If somebody is stupid as me could figure it out.
Anybody could figure it out.
But oh no, the mainstream media there.
There we go again with the mainstream media.
All right, crap.
How's that map looking at radar?
Let me hop on the organ before the break.
Is it swirling around?
And if you look out the window there,
which you don't have one.
See that?
But we do have the fantastic news gathering information
of the QM News Department.
Remember, years ago when Clarence told us we were going to get
a newswire, we were going to be there.
Yes, yes.
Yes, yes.
Yes, yes.
Yes, yes.
Yes, yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Who is going to do that?
ow?
This was for sure.
Yes.
And I found that it's really not for a while.
I had just said,
I don't know maybe homestead right now no actually east of Miami right now a little further north and I was saying that band
It's coming by gonna be some nasty crap coming from that
But this thing is gonna have to like all of a sudden stop and then make a right turn
Would you think it would have to like shoot straight north?
Right and they keep telling us that it's moving northwest and what I'm looking at as it puts the motion in my casket
It looks to me like it's continuing to move to the northwest just like they'd be saying isn't it?
Yeah, well like I said we know absolutely nothing
The biggest name of the best talent is Neil Rogers for 20560
She'll A.M.
So she Gordon Lydia and they don't come anywhere's the Neil Roger and I'm her Chrysler presents letters to Dr. Z
Dear Dr. Z, I really want a new minivan but my husband doesn't how can I convince you?
Really interesting
Oh Dr. Z, well thanks for coming over
Yeah, where's your husband?
Oh he's watching TV
I wouldn't talk my name for you
I'm Dr. Z, my interface is more...
Yeah actually
Now you know the Chrysler town in the country wants a JT power ward yet
But I don't want...
Oh my hand!
Oh I'm sorry let me see your two move
I think you're going to want to buy your wife the men
No, I can't!
I'll tell you I'll tell you
Good, done the Chrysler
We have really so making your buy what?
Boulder County who's been talking with John to be dead
It made you want to clear my throat every time I hear you
It's just like a sympathetic fraud
I just want to scratch your head and wonder what is going on
Now I speak to Dr. Z, I bet you a lot of you have been wondering about who he is
Who is Dr. Z?
Have you been wondering?
The mysterious Dr. Z
Well anyway, down the Chrysler has been airing an NA in series of commercial speech
between the trouble auto manufacturers chairman Dr. Dieter Zetsa
The drivers with Getzky
Now with the public pockets then we dance
The $100 million asked Dr. Z to tell his newspaper in an up campaign to fix the 6.4
Mustachio PhD engineer from Stuttgart, Germany
Answering dopey questions posed to him by actors
Although not anywhere in the same category with a great spot from what you call insurance
Geiko
Doo
Little Richard is my favorite
And then what's your name?
Huchi Kuchi Chado
And then of course the other guy with the deep voice
In the movie Melodramatic Go-A-M
Steven Zillens how Washington go to Israel
He says there is increasing evidence that Israel instigated a disastrous war in Lebanon
Largely at the behest of the United States
The Bush administration was set on crippling Hezbollah
The radical Shi'i political movement that maintains a sizeable block of seats in Lebanese parliament
Taking advantage of the country's democratic opening up to the fourth departure of Syrian troop-flased year
Hezbollah defied US efforts to democratize the region on American terms
The populist parties unwillingness to disarm its militias
Recreated by UN resolution and the inability of the pro-western Lebanese government to force them to do so
Led the Bush administration to push Israel to take military action
In his May 23rd summit with Prime Minister A. Hood Olmer
President Bush offered full US support for his rear-to-attack Lebanon as soon as possible
Seen more harsh in the August 21st in the Euruchor courts of Pentagon
Consultant on the Bush administration's longstanding desire to strike a preemptive blow against Hezbollah
The consultant added it was our intent to have Hezbollah diminished
And now we have someone else doing it
Hezbollah was a willing partner, although numerous Israeli press reports indicate that some Israeli officials, including top military officials, are furious at Bush were pushing over to the war
The Israeli government had been planning the attacks since 2004
According to wage-like 21st article in the San Francisco Chronicle, Hezbollah breached US officials with the tales of the plans including PowerPoint presentations
And what the newspaper described as revealing detail
Political science professor Gerald Steinberg of Bar Eilan University told the Chronicle that of all of Israel's wars since 1948
This was the one for which Israel was most prepared in a sense the preparation began in May of 2000 immediately after the Israeli withdrawal
Kind of like when your mother comes over to visit the Minnichi walks out the door, she's waiting on coming back
Despite these preparations, the Bush administration and congressional leaders of both parties tried to present the devastating attacks which took as many as 800-2 else more than 1300 civilian lives
As a spontaneous reaction to Hezbollah's provocative July 12 attack on an Israeli border post and its seizure of two soldiers
Some reports have indicated that Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld was less sanguine than Vice President Cheney, Secretary of State Condom pleased their rice or President Bush about the proposed Israeli military offensive
Rumsfeld apparently believed that Israel should focus less on bombing and more on ground operations despite the dramatically higher Israeli casualties that would result
Still, Hirschquot's a former senior intelligence official was saying that Rumsfeld was delighted that Israel is our stalking horse
It worked out really well. The recent announcement of a shaky ceasefire may represent where your minor speed bump in U.S. plans after all the attack on Hezbollah was only the first stage of what the Bush administration apparently hopes will be a joint redrawing of the Middle East map
On July 30th, a Jerusalem post reported the President Bush posted his vehicle to expand the war beyond Lebanon and in tax Syria
Israeli officials apparently found the idea nuts. This idea was not exactly secret and supported the Israeli offensive of the White House Press Secretary released a list of talking points that included references to a L.A. Times op-ed by Max Booth, senior fellow for national security studies at the Council on Foreign Relations
The article, it's time to let the Israelis take off the gloves, urges an Israeli attacking insiria
Israel needs to hit the Assad regime hard argues Booth if it does it'll be doing Washington's dirty work
Iran too was in the administration's sights the Israeli attack on Lebanon, according to Seymour Hirsch, was to serve as a predatory to a potential American preemptive attack to destroy Iran's nuclear installations
But first the Bush administration needed to give rid of Hezbollah's capacity to retaliate against Israel in the event of a U.S. threat on Iran which apparently prompted Hezbollah's build-up of Iranian supplied missiles in the first place
Starting this spring, according to Hirsch the White House ordered top planners from the U.S. Air Force to consult with their Israeli counterparts on a war plan against Iran, then incorporated in his really preemptive strike against Hezbollah
Lieutenant General Dan Halutz, the chief of staff of the Israeli military, and principal architect of the war on Lebanon, worked with U.S. officials on contingency planning for an air war with Iran
The Bush administration's large Ebola apparently had been the format alliance of pro-Western Sunni Arab dictatorships, primarily Egypt, Saudi Arabian Jordan against the growing Shiite militants who exemplified by Hezbollah in Iran and to a lesser extent post-Satima Raqq
The Sunni regime initially spoke out against Hezbollah's provocative capture of the two Israeli soldiers that prompted the Israeli attacks, popular opposition within these countries to the ferocity of the Israeli assault, led them to rally south of the against the U.S.-based war back to war on Lebanon
In the years prior to Israel's July 12 bombing of Lebanese cities, Hezbollah had become less and less of a threat, and hadn't killed any Israeli civilians for more than a decade with the exception of one accidental fatality in 2003 caused by an anti-aircraft missile fired in Israeli plane that violated Lebanese airspace
Investigations by the Congressional Research Service, the State Department, and independent think tanks spelled about identify any major act of terrorism by Hezbollah for over a dozen years
Prior to the attack, Hezbollah's militia that had dwindled to about a thousand men under arms, this number tripled after July 12 when reserves were called up, and a national dialogue was going on between Hezbollah and the government of pro-Western Prime Minister Sinura regarding disarmament
The majority of Lebanese opposed Hezbollah, both its reactionary fundamental of social agenda, as well as its insistence on maintaining an armed presence independent of the country's elected government
Thanks to the U.S. back to his rally attacks on Lebanon's civilian infrastructure, support for Hezbollah, according to polls, has grown to more than 80% even within the Sunni Muslim and Christian communities
Even Richard Armoredid, do you remember him? He outed the Valerie plane we found out? Right
Even Richard Armoredid, do you remember him? He was leading Hawk in Deputy Secretary of State under President Boistering his first term, noted that the only thing the bombing has achieved so far is the United Population against the Israelis
Despite U.S. encouragement that Israel continued the war, Israel's right wing Prime Minister has come under increasing criticism at home with polls from Hauras newspaper indicated that only 39% of Israelis would support the plan of expansion of the ground offensive
Morett's party, Knesset member, Rand Cohen, writing in the Juicional Post called earlier moves to expand the ground offensive, a Richard decision
Yaree Vappenheimer, General Director of Peace now, which had earlier muted its criticism of the attacks on Lebanon noted, the war has spiraled out of control and the government is ignoring the political options available
Not only of a growing number of his greatest ignobs that the war has been a disaster for Israel, there's a growing recognition of U.S. responsibility for getting them into that mess
In July 23, article in Hauras about an anti-war demonstration in Tel Aviv noted, this was a distinctly anti-American protest that included chances we will not die and kill them in the service of the United States and slogans condemning President George W. Bush
Members of Congress who are unconditionally backed his views of tax on Lebanon have responded to constituent outrage by claiming they were simply defending Israel's legitimate interests
In supporting the Bush administration however, they've defended policies that cynically use Israel to advance the administration's militarist agenda
One of the more unsettling aspects of the broad support in Washington for the use of Israel as U.S. proxy in the Middle East is how closely it corresponds to historic anti-Semitism
In past centuries the ruling elite of European countries wouldn't return for grading limited religions and cultural autonomy, establish certain individuals in the Jewish community as the visible agents of the oppressive social order such as tax collectors and money lenders
When the population threatened to rise up against the ruling elite, the rulers could then blame the Jews, channeling the wrath of unexplored people against convenient scapegoats
The resulting programs and waves of repression took place throughout the Jewish diaspora
Zionists hoped to break this cycle by creating a Jewish nation state where Jews would no longer be dependent on the ruling elite of a given country
The tragic irony is that by using Israel for which proxy were to promote U.S. hegemony in the region, this cycle is being perpetuated on a global scale
This latest orgy of American-inspired Israeli violence led to a dangerous upsurge in anti-Semitism in the Middle East and throughout the world
In the U.S. many critics of U.S. policy are blaming the Zionist lobby for U.S. support for Israel's attacks on Lebanon rather than the Bush administration and its bipartisan congressional allies who encouraged Israel to wage war living in the first place
Unfortunately most anti-war protests in major U.S. cities have targeted these really consulate rather than U.S. government buildings
By contrast during the 80s protest against the U.S. backed violence in El Salvador, a really targeted Salvadorian consulates
But instead more appropriately took place outside federal offices and armed depots recognizing that the violence wouldn't be taking place without U.S. weapons and support
Israel is no banana republic even those like Hersh who recognized the key role of the Bush administration in voting Israel to attack Lebanon
Emphasized that rightist elements within Israel had their own reasons independent of Washington to pursue the conflict
Still given Israel's enormous military economic and political dependence on the U.S. this latest war on Lebanon could not have taken place without a green light from Washington
President Jimmy Carter for example was able to put a halt to Israel 78 invasion of Lebanon within days and forth the Israeli army to withdraw from the South Bank of the Latani river to a narrow strip just north of the Israeli border
By contrast the Bush administration and overwhelming bipartisan majority of Congress clearly believed it was in the U.S. interest for Israel to pursue Washington's dirty work for an indefinite period regardless of its negative implications for Israel's legitimate security interests
Given the lack of success of the Israeli military campaign U.S. planners are likely having second thoughts about the ease of which a U.S.-led bombing campaign could achieve victory over Iran
However the propensity of the Bush administration to ignore historical lessons should not be underestimated
A former senior intelligence official told Hersh that there is no way that Rumsfeld and Cheney will draw the right conclusion about this
When the smoke clears I'll say it was a success they'll draw reinforcement for their plan to attack Iran. Indeed in August 14 President Bush declared that Israel had achieved victory in its fight against his blah
The outspoken support of congressional Democrats for Bush's policies in Israel's war on Lebanon, for 10 similar support should the U.S. ignore history and common sense in attack Iran anyway
Both the Senate and the House and backing administration policy claimed that contrary to the broad consensus of international opinion
Israel's military actions were consistent with international law in the UN Charter. By this logic, if Israel's wanton destruction of a small democratic country is a civilian infrastructure because of a minor border incident instigated by members of a 3000 man militia of my minority party as a legitimate act of self-defense
Surely a similar U.S. attack against Iran a much larger country with a sizable armed force whose hard-line government might be developing nuclear weapons could also be seen as a legitimate act of self-defense
Ironically, political action committees sponsored by a liberal group such as move on.org peace action and act for change continue to support the election of re-election of congressional candidates who voiced support for Washington's proxy war against Lebanon despite massive Israeli violations of international humanitarian law
It serving as a trial run for U.S. war against Iran and its being against Israel's legitimate self-interest and unfortunately on the other extreme some of the more outspoken elements that have opposed America's proxy war against Lebanon frankly don't have Israel's best interests in mind
As a result without a dramatic increase in protest by those who see Washington's cynical use of Israel is bad for virtually everyone there's little chance that this dangerous and immoral policy can be reversed
Tommy yeah
I was less than I am those less than he shouldn't have attacked him in the first place right that's right I'm looking at that thing now that it's it's got the loop in motion baby
It's doing the loop the loop and some nasty yellow and reds right over Key West or you see that what's the advisory to tonight?
Two o'clock might run be about one forty five okay if we're still alive
The biggest name sub-best talent this is real Roger sports radio five sixty two
Oh
I'm sorry just a reminder for our radio listeners that the end of the world is going to come next Tuesday at 4.30 p.m.
And the Department of Health has requested homeowners to unplug all electrical appliances turn off radios and TV sets and disconnect gas stoves and furnaces
The post office recommends that you mail early in the day and for those with automobiles alternate side of the street parking will be suspended
That's the end of the world next Tuesday at 4.30 p.m. mark it down
All right
Let's go
Thank you
The Middle East and it's not very solid
It could be a sauna world or three
Oh oh, oh boy!
Lampiness is released
They've been put to centuries
Lampiness is released
Watch it every day on your TV
Lampiness is released
No see thousands of refugees
Lampiness is released
Let someone get them not give me
Lampiness is released
I don't think a river will be
Lampiness is a river
I'm dying on the hearth.
Take a look at Key Weston at Mirathon there.
So nasty yellow looking crap there on the radar.
I mean, look at that.
Yeah.
Nasty.
Anyway, the leading edge of Tropical Storm
when I start reaching the upper Florida keys this morning
and soon is edging into Dave and Breyer counties very,
very soon.
Just like what's his name said there on the Arun and Rancho.
Run the end.
Very soon.
Yeah.
I remember that.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
Forecast is expressed particular concern
over the possibility of tornadoes.
High clouds blanketed most of South Florida
on a long day in that of rain and gusty winds
is in store for the region.
Five to 15 inches of rain possible.
Flooding and power outages are likely, George.
Oh, boy.
Whenever you're sure of the power when I'll queue up tomorrow,
but you got that generator, you got that backup.
Yeah.
Storm in here at 8 in the morning in this town.
You think I'm driving in?
Yes.
OK.
What do you think Josh?
You going to be there?
We'll see.
Our lines are down in and trees are out of here.
Power lines, my ass.
You're a crazy person.
What are you talking about?
Power lines?
What are you?
Where are you coming up with a crap?
You've been away a lot.
Sounds to me.
You don't know what you're looking for an excuse not
to work tomorrow.
That's what it sounds like to me.
Sure.
But you remember if there's a breeze, the power lines
come down in the sound.
A breeze in between the trees and the trees.
Sure.
The finestadies.
Forecast instead of Nestos, Senate would
arrive tonight as a very strong, proper,
or a storm or cat one hurricane.
But most of its weather was ahead behind
into the right of the center.
And much of it will sweep through South Florida.
In fact, you can see that one nasty outer band there.
It's getting pretty close.
And then it's going to whip right across.
You see where I'm talking about which one?
The nose on most one?
The band on the run.
The band on the run.
The boys in the band.
It's getting real close to Miami.
Well, actually, the one lower than that.
I don't know.
The thing doesn't look all that well organized to me
when they keep talking about the eye.
I don't know.
Do you see any eye in that?
I don't see any of any color.
What do you mean?
The eye.
I don't see a blue eye or red eye.
Yeah, but do you see?
I think that's it.
One of those.
I think that's right by the sweet water.
Hurricane watches in top-row storm mornings
cover all of South Florida.
Sudden tornadoes are a distinct and frightening possibility
since the Harold Web site, a frightening possibility.
Oh my god.
We're seeing a lot of rotation in the spiral bands
over the ocean which suggests that we could have some
tornadoes on land to Rusty Fost, meteorologist
and charge in the National Weather Services
South Florida office.
Rusty Fost, this threat is very real.
Rusty said the problem with typical,
typical, tropical cyclone tornadoes
that, and by the way, I did do a lick in the smear
in that article.
I should probably read it again slower.
I think he should.
No.
The problem with tropical cyclone tornadoes
is that they're very fast and developing
and it's hard to get a warning out.
School's closed today.
We already toward the end date.
We're our limited evacuations.
We're at it.
The shelter is open in both counties.
For Lauderdale Airport closed the tonight's
by 7.30 pm.
Last flight of the day will leave my international
at 7.45 pm if conditions permit.
But they're on the verge also.
The weather will continue to deteriorate to safe.
No one the worst of it arriving overnight.
Forecasters and emergency managers urged South Florida
in to take advantage of these last few hours
of decent weather and rush to completion
all pre-storm preparations including the shuttering
of their homes and businesses.
Get with it.
Get jiggy with it.
Get up that cloud, get that viscuing, get that duct tape,
get those jugs and jugs.
Go into your supermarket, your neighborhood
and clean out all the perishables, all the food stuff.
Just gonna have for dinner and all the canned goods.
Battery, a bottle of water.
That's right.
Go to your nearest home depot
by out every generator that they've got
so nobody else can have it.
So that's the South Florida FNW baby.
These are the kinds of winds
that not traffic lights up for us.
Said people are gonna have to be careful driving around tomorrow.
Remember that when there is no light
it's a four-way stop.
Oh yeah, even when there isn't light.
You know, you're talking, you're talking South Florida, man.
Four-way stop my ass.
At 11 a.m. Ernesto's top winds were measured at 45 miles
and I forgot that newer advisory coming at two.
The latest advisory about 145, 150.
Winds predicted to reach 65 miles
and I went to center of the storm and had
slowed about midnight or a few hours later.
Hurricane Force winds begin at 74.
So not quite a hurricane maybe but close.
To me there's not a lot of difference
between 70 80 mile winds
that they may or curl as Alvarez.
This is a dangerous storm if you haven't done so.
Make your preparations now.
Force, fast whatever his name is.
It's a stained tropical storm force.
Winds of 39 miles and ours should begin
over South Miami-Dade Lake this evening.
Then spread across the mainland to South Florida through the night.
Strong tropical force winds of 50 miles
and hour more with gusts.
The near hurricane force will start affecting
data around midnight then it's spread across
Broward by four in the morning.
Broward!
Foss to one to five to 15 inches
of rain to possibility of substantial
and unfloating and serious coastal flooding
especially around the north end of this game Bay
and around the causeways and beach access roads in that area.
Many thousands of people still have under
tarp, blue tarps that cover
a roof damage by last year's Broward's or hurricanes.
It says they could be in trouble tonight.
Where else can I go?
I said Mark Moss 53 of Pomano Beach.
He's working on his third tarp to keep the rain away.
I'm just hoping the storm goes down to the ocean.
Federal officials position hundreds of trucks
filled with ice and water.
The National Guard stands on alert.
Spokesmen for local airports
that airlines might have to suspend operations tonight.
They not might they will.
In Broward County, bus service will continue
till three, day until weather conditions deteriorate
and it goes on about the gas.
George is needs gas.
Just siphons him out of somebody else's car there.
Can't siphon anymore man.
Why not?
They put a little like great that's not so great.
Oh great.
So you can't stick your tube.
Oh yeah.
Oh I'm a little slow.
She opened it in there.
Yeah.
I thought you were thinking of something else.
That's what I didn't try.
The biggest name of best talent.
The name is Wheel Roger.
Huge.
George radio 560.
HUAM.
Howard David's a bitch.
Tonight on American chopper,
the OCC crew creates the catty-shack tribute bike.
I was fabricating the gas tank
and his usual cop was no help.
Very polly.
That's the worst looking tank I ever saw.
When you make a tank like that,
I bet you get a free bowl of soup.
Whoa.
Somebody's stumbling on duck.
When the job is done,
the tattels create another masterpiece.
Hey Vinnie.
This bike reminds me of the one I made for the Dalai Lama himself.
12 cent of the Lama.
Flowing robes.
The Grace.
Bald.
Striking.
So I finished the bike and he's going to stit me.
I said, hey Lama, hey, I bought a little something
you know for the effort.
And he says, oh, there won't be any money.
But when you die on your set bed,
you'll receive total consciousness.
The catty-shack bike.
Tonight on American chopper.
So I got that going for me,
which is nice.
Yeah, 12.48, 12 minutes to one.
At two o'clock, it's the mad dog.
You get back to the important stuff sports, right?
That's right.
Who cares about some stupid hurricane
unless, of course, it wears orange uniform
and plays a for you.
You know it.
Let's see.
Let's see.
The baseball team know where orange uniforms.
What about the basketball team?
I guess I don't even think I've ever seen
their basketball team.
No, they're like green.
Isn't it green in orange?
Yeah.
Wait, who?
Dog, Wade, hockey player.
Yeah.
What are you talking about?
What are you talking about?
The University of Miami basketball team,
the colors of the uniform is white in orange, isn't it?
No, white and green.
White and green.
Well, a little orange, just in light.
And what about the Mexican flag
that we're putting up running up the flag pool?
Love it.
Oh, there's your president.
Love it.
And at the state.
Another photo op after like really sticking it to those people
down there in New Orleans last year.
And I could tell him Brownie was doing a heck of a job, man.
There he is with another one of them photo ops.
Just remember one thing.
George Bush doesn't care about black people.
Or a whole bunch of other things too.
Not to mention all those dead people.
All the blood on his hands.
1114 votes on the pool.
What celebrity or athlete are you the most tired of?
Tom Cruise, 277.
Enough already.
Where you at?
God, go away.
Paris Hilton 236.
Carol Owens 162.
He is just nauseating.
Won't stop.
Tiger Woods 87.
Go away.
Take your balls and leave.
Britney Spears 66.
Oprah 49.
What say the same thing they heard too?
Take your balls and leave Oprah.
Mel Gibson 41.
Donald Trump 39.
Star Jones 36.
Barry bonds 26.
Erzatz.
Madonna 24.
Shack has got 16.
All right.
Shack.
Jessica Simpson 14.
Bono 14.
Whitney Houston 9.
Jennifer Aniston 9.
George Clooney's only got five.
I guess they haven't seen either one of those bad movies.
Seriana or a good night in good luck.
Oh God.
Really bad.
Brad Pitt's Reimland's bass is only got two.
He's only got two.
So who cares if he's a good hello.
So he is anyway, right?
Poop.
Got that instinct guy.
Remember instinct?
Bye bye bye.
Yeah.
Got him.
Catholic sister Helen Prejean, author of Deadman Walking and a long time
social activist has been uninvited as the keynote speaker
at the diocese of the Luther education dinner in October.
Wait till you hear why.
Do you see this story?
Nope.
In a letter to some diocese residents sent yesterday, the
Luther Bishop Dennis Schnurr.
I wonder if he's a Schnurr.
Schnurr said that is sitting the cancel the event.
Those the SH words man.
So you think of one SH word?
All you people out there.
Schmageggi Schlamiel Schlamasla.
Losl.
Snow or some pepper recuperated.
Right.
The Luther Bishop Dennis Schnurr said the decision to cancel the
event at Prejean's address was based on her name appearing on an
August 3rd, New York Times ad calling for president Bush to be
removed from office to which we say.
Oh, Schnurr said the ad was brought to his attention by lay people
in the diocese upon reviewing the ad.
I find that I share their concerns.
Schnurr said in the letter, therefore we've made the difficult
decision to cancel her appearance.
The event which had been said for October 1 of the Duluth
Entertainment Convention Center was a joint fundraiser for Duluth
and Iron Range Catholic schools.
The same dinner last year raised more than 30,000 dollars
for the Green Bay auxiliary bishop as the keynote speaker.
The event was scheduled for the DECC this year because such a
large crowd was expected to file error communication director
for the diocese.
I wonder if he was kin to Carl or the old football player.
It's very disappointing.
This is a very big event.
We couldn't get another speaker in time.
Eleor said.
The problem wasn't the political nature of the issues raised in the
ad.
Eleor said noting that the church and Prejean often takes stands on
political issues.
But the ad's partisan attack of Bush crossed the line.
Eleor said, huh, when it gets into attacking a political figure
that becomes partisan Eleor said noting that the church has
both moral and legal obligations to remain nonpartisan.
During the last national election several churches were
criticized and some investigated by the IRS because they were
let's do a endorse specific candidates or political parties
a violation of their non-profit status.
The ad in question titled the World Can't Wait Drive Out
the Bush regime carried the endorsement of 90 individuals
including Prejean.
Remember these issues are st. Joseph of mid something in the
whirlens.
Some French mid mid day may have been who knows what that is.
The World Can't Wait organizers are sponsoring a match day
protest against the Bush administration on October 5.
Prejean 67 is on a three month sabbatical for renewal and
writing her office had to today and is unavailable till
September 1.
But in later on her website, Prejean said the ad properly
criticizes Bush's reckless pursuit of war in Iraq.
Yeah, what happened to him?
Help clean our houses all moved.
Oh, there is.
He's cleaning out houses in Iraq, which has helped to destabilize
the entire Middle East as approval of torture his jealous
promotion of imprisonment and executions his physical policy
which make the wealthy people more wealthy and the poor
people poorer.
The crew is founder.
The ad also criticized Bush's stand against the
Borthand contraception and Prejean is since asked to be
removed from the ad because she didn't agree with it stand
on a barren.
Well, not being a good cat look, I'm sure she would not.
On her website, she said there is one issue addressed in the
end that I can't add indoors, which if I had seen the final
version would have led me to withhold my signature.
My stance on abortion is a matter of public record.
I stand morally opposed to killing war executions killing
of the old and the minted the killing of children unborn and
born.
But Prejean offered no apologies for her direct criticism of
the Bush administration saying her faith demands action against
Bush.
I signed the ad because as a follower of the way of Jesus and
the US citizen, I cannot stand by passively and silently as I
witnessed my government wage such grievous oppression and
violence she said on a website.
For me personally would be sinful not to raise my voice
publicly in opposition to the life destructive policies and
practices of the Bush administration.
This is for the people here.
Yeah, right.
He gets it.
He's going to get it.
Norma's going to get it.
Hey, Norma, if it's four o'clock in Japan, where's your
ass?
Oh my god.
And then that's still just drive you know it.
That's incredible.
Especially at one o'clock in the morning.
Okay.
It's one o'clock in the morning.
Why are you coming?
Oh, but I'm in Canada.
You're in Canada.
Are we on the same time?
Oh my god.
There's only one thing.
Say that.
And this is and my livelihood.
My career is rested in the hands of this yachts for all this
time.
No wonder I'm sitting here on Q.A.M.
watching George Bush.
You know, I went with first guy.
It's just you it's better and better and better as the
people continue getting.
The dumb are in the summer and the summer.
You know, you don't think there could be a connection to
you.
No.
Quick.
Thank God for that.
1256 a.m.
We're approaching that powerhouse afternoon lineup.
Thank God.
No more of that.
No more of that.
God.
And that's something that we don't have to keep promoting.
Coming up at two.
We got mad dog at two.
The power hour with Hank and the mad dog together in stereo
four to five cross dressing and cross dancing and then
Hank Goldberg five to seven.
And after we fill that hour with that hurricane hotline
crap.
What kind of uniforms is it?
And then it's the Marlins and the Colonel.
So it's Red Hot Marlins man eight in a row two games
under five hundred only two games out of the wild car.
The biggest names of different believe.
Oh, right.
Let's sports radio five sixty.
You.
A.M.
It's the one to two hour.
Hi, very.
I.
Pushed.
The city of New Orleans.
Yes, some of the people down there say he failed.
Stubbs the people in the ass for dome like cat.
So.
While half the national guard was in my right.
It's all.
He's up funding for their.
These.
Looters call thing and our.
In a group, but we made a bigger deal.
In search for neverly.
All the way one white girl.
We trained a late and even asked for help from the Navy.
See you.
I'm tired of it.
George Bush was the case in the Indian Crawford.
I guess next year they'll be no Marty.
Grown girls gone wild.
Need the city of New Orleans.
Or they'll have to send their film to the far.
But I'm a collector nestle passes.
We don't want to be doing that.
So how's our nestle coming?
Don't let me forget about one forty five one.
I want to get that.
I'm a client.
I was.
We all.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
I'm.
The other man.
The other man.
The other man.
The other man.
It's the American.
That thing is in your place.
He's made from a broad,
Not in Broward yet. In fact, it's a long way from Broward, isn't it?
But it's certainly in date. In fact, if you look out your window right there
and take a look at the whole, that thing is really moved.
Is it just my imagination? Is that thing all of a sudden, like, picked up speed
or maybe they just cut up on their radar? I don't know.
Don't you see what I'd be seeing now? I do see it.
Looks like it's making a big move.
Anyway, we got some rain coming, a lot of rain, a lot of rain.
Not the end of the world. Don't get all panicky. Don't act like some kind of a jackass.
Don't act selfish like everything's all for me, you know.
Don't put a happen to people like that. But the key west is getting it good.
Marathon is getting it. Key Largo is getting it right.
The heavy duty effect. It's already looks like a little respite there.
And maybe not. It's hard to tell.
But Miami's right on the verge of put that upper finger there, man, that outer band.
It looks just like Cuba in reverse. Maybe Fidelos coming, you think?
Oh.
When that be something. I got one. It is absolutely up your alley, Sally.
On the bend over.
John Tierney wrote this and it's date line Amstu Dan.
Did you see it on our website? No.
From Sunday's New York Times. Not too busy sitting in line for gas these days to be written any year.
So I've seen it in watch those movies over the weekend.
I watched one of them. I watched it.
The trouser Henry Kissinger? No, the president. The hunting one about president.
Oh, then that's to make you hot.
What a crock.
I'm sorry. That whole crowd of right there.
Lunatics. So transparent.
Yeah.
But didn't the media couldn't see through it or did they want to?
They wouldn't. So we had to go through two, three years of all that crap and waste $70 million.
You would tax fair dollars on on Monica gate.
And of course on whitewater, which never happened in the first place.
At least not with them.
The Zars Reef or Madness.
John Tierney in some days. New York Times. Didn't see it?
Nope.
R. Jan Roscan, the creator of the award winning mirror one or blend name R. Jan's haze.
I'm sure you've probably spoken some of that right now.
You know it. The purple stuff.
Has dozens of pictures and celebrity visitors on the wall of his coffee shop in Amstu Dan.
I'm Stadam. He's got Eminem.
Lenny Kravitz. Alicia Keys.
Alicia Keys.
Oh my, Maggie confused Alicia Keys and Alicia Bridget.
That's Alicia Bridget. Well, same thing. How many Alicia's do you know?
Mike Tyson, but so far unfortunately not a single white house drug czar.
The Zars have preferred to criticize from afar.
In the past they've called duck's drug policy an unmitigated disaster.
Bemoaning Amsterdam stone zombies and it streets cluttered with junkies.
Anti-pot foot passion is only increased in the Bush administration, which has made it a priority to combat marijuana.
More than half a million Americans are arrested annually for possessing it.
The Bush administration can't even abide it for being used for medical purposes by the terminally ill.
Why risk having any of it fall into the hands of young people who could turn into potheads, crack addicts, and junkies?
But if America's drug warriors came to Amstu Dan, they would learn something even if they didn't sample any of the dozen of varieties of marijuana so illegally,
especially licensed coffee shops. They could see that the patrons puffing on joints generally don't look any more zombie-like than the crowd in an American bar,
or for that matter a congressional subcommittee listening to a lecture on the evils of marijuana.
And if they talk to Peter Cohen, a Dutch researcher who's been studying drug use for quarter century,
they would discover something even more direct disorienting, even though marijuana has been widely available since the 1970s,
enough to corrupt a couple of generations, the Netherlands is not succumbed to refer madness.
The Dutch generally use drugs less than Americans do, according to national surveys in both countries,
and these surveys might understate Americans' drug usage simply because respondents are less likely to remit illegal behavior.
More Americans than Dutch reported having tried marijuana, cocaine, and heroin.
Among teenagers who tried marijuana, Americans were more likely to be regular users.
In comparison to banished it in with another liberal-ported city, San Francisco,
Cohen and other researchers found that people in San Francisco were nearly twice as likely to have tried marijuana.
Cohen isn't sure exactly what cultural and economic factors account for the different usage patterns in America and the Netherlands,
but he's confident he can rule out one explanation.
Drug policy is irrelevant, says Cohen, the former director of the Center for Drug Research at the University of Amsterdam.
It's quite logically said to theorize that our law and drugs would have an impact, but experience shows otherwise,
both in America and in some European countries with stricter laws than the Netherlands, but no less drug use.
The good news about drugs, Cohen, says, is that the differences among countries aren't all that important.
Levels of addiction are generally low in America, as well as in Europe.
The bad news is that the occasional drug fed gets hyped into a crisis that leads to bad laws.
Pro-ovidion does not reduce drug use, but it does have other impacts, he says.
It takes up an enormous amount of police time and generates large possibilities for criminal income.
In the Netherlands, that income goes instead to coffee shop owners and to the government, which exacts heavy taxes.
It also imposes strict regulations on what goes on in a coffee shop, including who can be sure of no miners,
and how much can be sold five grams to a customer.
Any unruly behavior of public disturbances can quickly close on a shop.
To avoid problems at the greenhouse, Roskamm is closer to cameras in a staff that urges novices to stick with small doses
and to protect their lungs by taking hits from a vaporizer.
Unlike street buyers in America, customers know exactly what strength they're getting, which is especially useful to hundreds of people with multiple sclerosis and other elements who use marijuana medicinally.
Roskamm smears of these street products in the US, which is considered as overpriced and badly blended.
But he acknowledges there's one feature in the American market he can't compete with.
Drugs are just less interesting, here he said.
One of my best friends here never smoked cannabis, never wanted even to try my products.
That's when she was 32 and she went to American Holiday in smoke for the first time.
I asked her why and she said it was more fun over there. It was illegal.
Uh-huh. How do you like that?
Forbidden fruit, baby.
Forbidden fruit, you're fairie.
Norma, so how's that radar coming? Don't let me forget now.
I won't.
To check who's naughty and nice on it, the thing about one-fifthity.
I gotta get back to that pool now. We got 1200 votes yet.
Pretty shocking when everybody's out there trying to siphon gas out of other people's car.
Stick in there.
Chew!
Somebody else's tank. Stick a tiger in the tank. Tiger Woods.
Boy, he makes me sick.
I don't know what it is. It's not a racial thing because he's like, you know, he's like a bunch of everything.
Yeah, he's a cocktail.
1151 votes on that pool.
What's the liberty or athlete are you most tired of?
Tom Cruise, 2286.
Paris Sulton 242. Actually, it's pretty good race there, wouldn't you say?
It is.
She's close. The nose knows.
Oh my god. Let me say it again. Did you notice? Did I take my warning and take a look at what's your name in that Clinton movie?
What's her name? Apollo Jones?
Apollo Jones. Oh, it's a good thing she got a nose job. I'm just trying to get it to the whole thing.
She could open up locked doors with that thing.
It looks like something else.
Yeah. Oh, yeah. Don't say it.
Well, Paris Sulton 242. It looks like an ant colder, which he's got.
Terrell Owens 169. A big one. Tiger Woods 88. Britney Spears 68. Oprah 51.
I think she's got something. A lot of money. Nobody knows why.
Melon Hitchin 44. Donald Trump 40.
Star Jones 39. Very bonds 27. Madonna 24.
I only like her because she keeps sticking her, sticking into the Catholic Church. It is love there.
Keep pissing them off. You know, I mean, granted it's all done for policy to make money.
Nevertheless, she still pisses them off.
Shack has got 18. Enough with that big head already. Jessica Simpson 14, Bottle 14.
Whitney Houston 9. She's having a big love affair with Osama Yamama. She don't know yet.
And his 48 wives. Jennifer Aniston 8. George Clooney still only got five.
He started with five. He still got five. He ain't going nowhere. His movie sucked.
Brad Pitt 3. And Lance Bastille's got a small pair.
And it's not good to have a small pair when you're gay.
Because then, you know, all of a... he's probably got plenty of company, wouldn't you think?
I imagine. He's probably a busy boy.
Our house in the Carroll to neighborhood near Lafayette Academy.
Alright, that's a good place. That's where he's going to go when he returns. Very, very soon we hope.
The biggest name of his life.
The challenge to the basis. Neil Rogers, sports radio 560.
He's a...
He applied directly to the brainstem.
Kathy!
He applied directly to the brainstem.
Talk about your death long presidents.
Oh, you ain't kidding. Goodbye, George. You gotta go me, oh my own.
You gotta go home, push me to bed on the bio.
That's a new way.
You sure you're gonna quit when it came to sick.
Terry Shiloh.
Son of a bush is a foot in your tush now saved by yones.
That's a magic wild people's rounds.
You played a round of relaxing golf balls.
He was on the cashier priorities and like a couple of tea that's evidento.
Oops.
And no one cares to even prepare for the worst scenario.
You're the one busy having fun and that's no no.
You'll investigate at a later date.
That's real bullshit.
I don't think it's interesting.
The ones that don't you get locked up so it don't contain you.
But no one will get blamed like with age and blame no heads will roll.
Of course.
And as for this to be a slap on the wrist and no a jargist file.
No one gets fired with each new mess.
Nobody.
A new get told slip in the poles that's no problem.
It's your spin the she will deal with new Orleans because that's their job.
As per usual son of a bush is a foot in your tush.
You're an asshole.
We just don't understand you got blood on your hands but what no brain.
No problem.
You made it obvious that these are those noblers who have no shame.
No shame.
What's that?
And what's with that?
Sturth you stupid jerk when people have died old.
Sultiple bech you should be impeached and we mean front.
Tell you a hall of favor and get the f*** out.
You know here.
Yes.
Abu Garret.
117 is 560 W.
We still got that stubborn 33% all the way.
I noticed the newsweek poll yesterday he's backed up a 36% overall 36.
Yeah.
Popularity.
That's that same like I said, stubborn 3335 36.
They're like a little bit like that.
Yahoo's.
Eric Hamlin got up to a rush start at a comedy middle school in Colorado.
In the very first week of class he got a letter of reprimand.
It was placed on administrative leave as reported by the been repost.
You see this?
No.
You haven't seen too much because you've been messing with him.
You better watch that kiss in your movie.
No, I will.
And even though the school quickly reinstated the news decided not to be turned he tells the progressive.
Hamlin was hard to teach world geography to seven graders of the school which is in Jefferson County, Colorado.
For the past eight years he says he's taught in that district.
He prepared his classroom by displaying the flags of Mexico, China and the U.N. as he has in previous classes without incident he says.
But when assistant principal Victoria Winslow came into his class on August 21st that maybe four school was to begin and saw the flags she told him to take them down.
That surprised me and caught me off guard.
He says I asked her why I had to take them down and she said it was Jefferson County school district policy.
I said I'd had the flags up before in Jefferson County and if that was the policy I had some issues with it.
She left them in about an hour later she returned and said well I'm sorry I was wrong it isn't district policy.
It's actually state law and handed me a copy of a Colorado state statute.
The statute says any person who displays any flag other than the flag of the U.S. or the state of Colorado or any of its subdivisions agencies or institutions upon it.
Any state, counting the municipal or other public building adjacent grounds within the state commits a class one petty offense.
Sounds awfully petty to me don't it.
Shota.
There is an exception in the statute for a temporary display of any instruction or historical materials not permanently affixed or attached to any part of the buildings.
Hamlin says he read the statute and noticed the last part about the temporary display for educational purposes and pointed it out to Winslow.
But she felt the flags seemed permanent and again said that I needed to take them down.
A little while later principal John Schott came to see him.
According to Hamlin he said I hear we're having some issues with flags.
You need to understand that you have to take them down.
Now.
Hamlin refused.
I told him I wanted to have the flags up so the students could observe them and reference them and ask questions about them.
He says he informed me I was insubordinate.
I agreed with that.
However I told him I thought there was a bigger issue here so he told me there would be further discipline and reaction.
Hamlin was allowed to teach in August 22 but at the end of the day he was called down to principal Schott's office again.
He presented me with a letter of reprimand Hamlin says if Hamlin wanted to return in good standing letter said he would have to agree to not display any flag of any foreign nation.
Hamlin recalls.
And I had to receive administrative approval for any of this play I was putting up in my classroom.
Hamlin says he told Schott that he couldn't morally comply with those terms.
The next day shortly after Hamlin arrived at school, Schott handed him a letter of placing him on administrative leave.
Are you following this? I am.
Carefully.
It's chilling.
After the end of the post and huffing the post other media outlets got a hold of this story, Hamlin met with some county and school officials to see if they could work out an agreement.
What we eventually agreed to is that I would be able to have the flags up on a rotational basis with 12 weeks being the longest which is how I use the flags anyway Hamlin said.
But before agreeing to go back, Hamlin wanted to meet with the principal of the school administrators which he did August 24.
And he wanted to consult with other faculty members and see what the school atmosphere was like.
I had my confidence shaking the school administrators ability to back me in certain situations he said.
The teachers he spoke with warned him that a lot of people in the school don't like what you've done.
They think you tried to rip the school apart he says.
Hamlin says he asked for a day to decide what to do. On August 25th he chose to leave.
I came to the decision that it probably would be best for me for students and for a company middle school.
If I moved on he says, Hamlin hopes to work for the district in one capacity or another.
We're working at a possible transfer he says. Hamlin says he bears no ill will toward principal shock.
In fact he feels bad for him. He's just getting skating emails. He says most of them are very unfair calling him Nazi and things like that.
All of these things.
The principal thought it was a reasonable interpretation of the statute.
The vice-camel to remove the flags. Lin Setser executive director of communications for Jefferson County Public Schools tells the progressive.
The subject matter was longitude and latitude. Or maybe it was just that attitude.
For a while there Setser believed the matter was settled. Hamlin was returning to class.
He was clear to go back to the class he told me Friday morning.
From the district standpoint the matter has been resolved. But that was before Hamlin chose not to return.
We're working to try to fight him. A new assignment based on his request. Certainly not ours Setser now says.
Mark Silverstein, legal director for the Colorado ACOU.
Questions of validity of the state statute and the school's interpretation of it.
I have a hard time understanding how the state of Colorado's interests are threatened by someone displaying a foreign flag in some state building he says, especially by a geography teacher using foreign flags, as partly instruction about different parts of the world.
The statute itself represents legislative overreaction to a non-problem. And the principal's decision was an overreaction to the statute, he be saying.
Which is the understatement of the center. Hey, look at that.
Take down in foreign flags. Okay.
I'm going to go to the Supreme Court.
I'm going to go to the Supreme Court.
I'm going to go to the Supreme Court.
I'm going to go to the Supreme Court.
I'm going to go to the Supreme Court.
I'm going to go to the Supreme Court.
I'm going to go to the Supreme Court.
I'm going to go to the Supreme Court.
I'm going to go to the Supreme Court.
I'm going to go to the Supreme Court.
I'm going to go to the Supreme Court.
I'm going to go to the Supreme Court.
I'm going to go to the Supreme Court.
That was before your time.
That was during Vietnam.
Pieces in our hands.
Piece of Cambodia, piece of Laos, piece of this, you know, piece of crap.
Which is exactly what he is.
25 after one.
We've got some heavy duty sports stuff today.
And Marlon's are in fire.
They might just make that wild card.
And I really do hope they make the wild card in spite of Deferluria, David Samson and Delilah.
Because maybe we can make back on QA.
And some all that money we've been losing on those broadcast rights.
We've been charging this for a major league team.
And for a long time we're playing like a little league team.
Maybe we can get Ted Lilly to pitch for the Marlins.
Josh? Well, that would be a bad thing.
Hey, you want to game the other day?
They scored him like, I don't know, I'm always like 10 to 6, 10 to 7.
They scored him a bunch of runs and he held on.
That's why you want to win.
And this time when the manager went out there to take the ball away, he just handed it right to him.
And okay, bye-bye, see ya.
Man, all these stupid ass overpaid jocks and all their attitudes and all their platitudes and all their crap.
And of course you people out there that go into, you know, fun all over them.
Because, you know, because they take showers naked together and stuff like that.
Is that what it's all about? You're fairy.
Funny to say, oh, here's your response.
So do I have to tell our story? We hired that.
We hired five team of movies.
When the storm hit, both our cars were totally underwater.
We thought it would take forever to get some help.
But a new ring was about to blow.
I go in and check them two days.
Payback, this time it's for real.
Geico, real service.
They just takes the headphones off and they're like, yeah.
That was okay.
Maniac.
Hey, let me tell you right now about where to take your feet.
That's Brandy Shoez and Pompa.
It'll be for about 100 years now.
Smart people take their feet to Brandy's because they're going to be a lot of fun.
It is the best. They carry all the major brands like Floreshime, Echo, Mafisto,
Rockport, Hush, Puppies, new balance, all the other top names in Shoebannis.
In all sizes for men and women.
And they even carry widewoods and hard to find sizes for those of you people out there with freaky feet.
Brandy Shoez, in fact, is the largest independent shoe retailer in all of South Florida.
If you've never been there when you walk in for the first time, you'll say, hey, that will fart as right, man.
This is a hell of a place.
In fact, when you go to Brandy, stop and see everybody.
Arnie, cause every time he'll make sure he gets the right of any shoes for your feet,
at an unbeatable price.
Brandy Shoez, you'll find him at 12.90, North Federal Highway and Prompt of Beach, between Atlantic and Copies on the East Side,
open every day of the week for your shopping convenience Monday through Saturdays to Line, and every Sunday till 5.
And again, this week it's a great time to buy spares at Brandy's.
A Merck and Originals on sale only 45.90.
Save up to 20 bucks on all of them in some women's styles too.
So be sure to get your ass in and take good care of them, put these at Brandy's this week,
or do your shoe shopping right online at BrandySews.com.
The biggest name of best talent for the business, wheelrodgers, Porsche Radio 560, U-A-A-A.
It's an auction in the basket.
Hello, I'm Ricky Carter.
I'm John Mark Carter.
Who are you again, Mommy?
Frank Carlucci.
But I'm Beaufort O'Bierre.
Not today.
And I find...
I love children.
I love children.
They love me.
And we love the smell of playground pee.
And Mommy wants a liberal's quiet today.
They ask me, here do they do, do keep your mind occupied with other things.
I killed all the children.
Yes, it was I, Beaufort O'Bierre.
I mean, Mickey Carter.
I killed so many old.
And I killed nothing in Bird Baby.
And I shot Superman.
Mommy?
I want to put all your cut in one liberal's in the basket.
So leave him and never kissed me like that.
I'd like to know how to have Joe leave him and give me tongue.
Mommy, Joe put your tongue in my basket.
At least it's kosher.
132.28 till 2 a.k.a.
And why they're all over this Katrina thing, man?
It's a one year emergency.
I mean, a winoversary.
Meantime or Nestos, they give a look at a Schmier.
They don't care about us.
And unidentified man was found dead, curled on the ground,
and next on gas station on Federal Highway in Boiton Beach,
full of our police said the good news is police said it wasn't
gas line related.
Is that good news?
Oh, okay.
Good.
And all the bad news is he's dead.
But meanwhile, in Lauderdale, Lauderdale, Lauderdale,
police said increasing pre-Ornesto attention led to a fight
at the gas station this morning that left one person with minor injuries
and another in handcuffs.
Now, in the first part in Boiton Beach, a customer called police
at 6.50 this morning after spotting this body, it said after spotting his body.
Oh, the sunsettinal strikes again.
After spotting a body on the south side of the station's convenience store,
said police spokesman Sergeant Stuart Steele.
He's a man of steel.
It's as spacious, he said.
It's not gas line related.
Thank God.
Gas station which opened at 6.30 this morning had no fuel supply at the time.
The man was found.
I didn't notice anything said the manager of Sandar Joshi.
He said no surveillance cameras located outside the station's convenience store.
But he heard the victim was badly beaten.
At about 9 a.m., the fuel trucks had in the rocket, but a handful of customers
waiting to gas up before an extra arrive.
I'm riding on a fumes at Boiton Beach, where is an Edgar Martin.
Steele said the man who was found with shorts and a shirt on,
appeared to be in his 30s or 40s.
A pair of glasses was recovered near his body.
Well, that narrowed it down.
Since he had no idea on him, police asked local homeless persons for help
and identifying the man.
The other guy said, Sean Canoney, hello, who it is.
Based on how much revenue this guy brought in.
In the Lauder Hill incident, Ludwig Smith, 43 of Lauder,
got into a physical argument shortly before 7 o'clock this morning
with another man over which line to use for the gas pumps at the SIPCO
at Northwest 16th Street in St. David Road 7 said Lieutenant Tundra King,
police spokeswoman Smith was charged with battery and taking to the Barbarco New Jail.
See all you crazy people out there?
This is not the end of the world.
There's plenty of gas.
That's what Jim Smith said, right?
Yeah, twice.
Everybody said that.
And then the other guy was the other guy with any blades or whoever that was that said,
there's a lot of gas.
Don't worry about it.
Yeah, yeah.
The only guy who can't find it.
That's just me.
Just you.
That's because you're a short guy.
I thought people have trouble finding those gas stations.
If they let them up better, just like that runaway in Lexington,
then maybe there would be so many problems.
I still don't understand that.
It makes you real nervous about flight.
It wasn't because they were flying on a puddle jumper,
it was because the crew was obviously much idiots no matter how much experience they had.
Oh, yeah.
And then they fact on the flight recorder, they even even comment on the fact that,
well, oh, no, that's dark on this runway lights around.
Maybe there's a good reason for that.
You morons.
That's not the right runway.
You jackass.
But nevertheless, just pathetic.
Live in 92.
Can you believe we're going to go over 12-hours votes on a pool today?
And then they, when people are like,
topping up all the water and everything, all the supplies.
Just wait to, in fact, you probably waited to go to the public.
No, I got other people that do that.
Not the wife, of course.
The wife goes to publics.
Do you ever go into a place like that?
She better.
I'm not going to go there.
She hang out there with the ankle paramedics and make sure she doesn't have like any injuries.
Or maybe that's why you send her in there.
She paints little symbols of old people on the side of her cart.
Oh, man, just pathetic.
Voters agree the American political system is broken.
This is by Rasmussen reports.
This was on your favorite website, Capitol Hill Blue.
It used to be your favorite website until a dark Thompson got, uh, that is so sad.
Well, he got sad tracked.
I was going to say he got side track, but sad he got sad track is very sad.
Look what happened to Dan Rather, man.
Look what's going on in America.
Used to be a little bit of freedom, not a whole lot, but a little bit.
Not no mole.
That's why you write a sashamette movie that, that Murrow movie is such a piece of garbage.
Good night and good luck.
Don't waste your time.
Man, it is so lame.
So weak.
And quite frankly, unless you really know the whole story of the McCarthy era,
and it's meaningless.
It has absolutely no meaning.
You know what I'm saying?
Right.
Because it gives everything like a quick lick in a shmere and that's the way it's a wasted opportunity.
That is correct.
And leave it to George Clooney, man, who could drive you loony.
That's Siriana thing.
I'll get back to you, Siriana.
That's what I should have said about halfway in the movie.
I'll get back to you, Siriana.
Instead of wasting my time watching the whole thing.
What a piece of turd, man.
And then of course, in the end, Matt Dillon comes back home to the wife and family and everything is just right.
You didn't see that, did you?
No.
Oh, thank God.
Don't watch it.
I'm begging you.
I won't.
Unless they pay you by the frame.
Do not watch that piece of garbage.
A plurality of voters in each of 32 states agrees that the political system in the US is badly broken.
Percentage has ranged from a high of 63 percent in Vermont to 47 percent in Nebraska.
But at all, all of them point the same direction.
The Rasmussen report surveys were conducted as part of a series of election 2006 polls on Senate and government races across the country.
An earlier national survey found that just 48 percent of American adults believe that elections are generally fair to voters.
Oh, that number has been fairly consistent since we began pulling on the topic of the mid-90s.
The only changes have been the partisan details.
In the 90s, with the Democrat in the White House, Democrats were more likely than Republicans to believe the elections are fair.
Now, when they were Republican in the White House, the partisan perspectives have reversed.
That couldn't be because we had two presidential elections back to back side by each could it.
The earlier survey also found, oh look at that, only 50 percent of hospitals in New Orleans have reopened.
And 29 percent of schools, hell of a job, Vushy, between him and Brownie, man, what a job, huh?
29 percent of schools have reopened in New Orleans in a year.
Oh boy, at 50 percent of hospitals.
The earlier, but of course the multi-millionaires, they're doing just fine.
And the big businesses are doing just fine. All the fancy restaurants.
The earlier survey also found that by a margin of 68 to 29 percent, American adults believe that election ballots should be printed in English only rather than English and split.
Spanish, I bet you've had Picanan vote on that poll several times.
Look at the state by state results, sir, is not surprisingly great divides along geographic lines.
I've actually got a vote on their several times, too.
In 22 of the 32 states, at least 60 percent of the voters favored English only ballots.
Topping this list for 10 a C 77 percent, Montana 72 percent, West Virginia 71 percent, Alabama and Georgia 70 percent.
See a common thread there?
Rednecks.
Vermont at 49 percent had the lowest support for English only ballots.
47 percent of voters in Howard Dean's home state disagree and want bilingual ballots.
And then there are a whole bunch of men Massachusetts want bisexual ballots.
Texas, New York, Massachusetts and Maryland were the only other states were more than 40 percent of voters favored bilingual ballots.
And how about a Mexican flag on top of the post office?
Individuals should be required to present photo ID for voting when they go to the polls that was also asked.
Support for this approach range from 60 percent in Vermont to 92 percent and guess what state? Florida, you're right.
Maine was the only other state to register below these 73 percent level of support for requiring photo ID's.
Oh, why do that? Try to get it right, you know?
Right. Now you can carry it away.
Voters in New York are more likely than any other state to express a concern about voter suppression.
34 percent of New York voters hold this view.
Washington and Arizona are topsoons to come to concerns about ineligible people casting ballots.
And Washington may be the result of controversies in the Russian-Virginer governor.
In Arizona it's more likely to tie the concerns about illegal immigrants.
Call up Lou Dobbs see if he's going to give his ass on this in time for the night show.
Come on Lou, you can do it man.
Get them illegal aliens. Let's get them.
Come on Lou.
That's it.
Oh yeah.
Who's the more obsessed you think him or Pat Buchanan?
Winnipey, that'd be a good ticket. I don't know, they could mud wrestle for the title.
They could must grow it.
140, 20 till 2 and I don't forget during this break in the last few minutes because I know once we get sports intense
and not that the mad dog in the Humper aren't going to keep you in touch with what's going on with our vast news,
expertise in the Department of QA.
But you know, just like I did 11 o'clock, wasn't that good the way I kind of like I kind of upstaged.
Great. Even though I'm a million miles away, thank God.
The sun is shining blue. No rain here baby. No rain here.
And of course with Ernesto on the way and just about there already.
Keep in mind that dry concepts are the people who can do a fantastic job for you.
In fact, when you have dry concepts come into your home and clean your carpets.
It really is true that you can clean today and entertain tonight because they're drying a few hours.
And you're ready to rock and roll again in no time at all.
Your carpets stay cleaner longer with no sticky residue behind them.
With over 50,000 satisfied customers, you know they are the best.
And like I said with Ernesto, just about there, keep in mind that dry concepts are the experts in water damage restoration.
Certified technicians get you out of the mold zone in just minutes, not days.
And dry concepts can get your home and business dry within 24 to 72 hours guaranteed.
So we hope that you all stayed dry, but there's going to be some of you who have some real tourists these next two or three days.
So keep these folks in mind.
And to top it all off, dry concepts that have stayed the R&L rug cleaning.
The only plant in South Florida on site dedicated to keeping your expensive and expensive area rugs looking just like brand new.
So to yourself a great favorite and called dry concepts like I've been doing for over 21 years.
And they've roured in the Palm Beach as it's a tool free call.
1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071.
We're on the wicked web, dry concepts.com.
The biggest name of best talent for this is Leo Rogers, Force Radio 560-U-A-M.
I can't, I can't, I can't, I'm not the good.
Here for the studies of general.
Could these leave their home?
Let's do that, maybe.
Yeah, the leads are signed randomly.
Yeah, what about the movie ads, huh?
The new lead.
The key clothes, no money to close.
They're all leads are garbage.
Nobody to close.
Leaves are weak.
All I need is a lead.
Closing isn't always easy.
Especially if you're only given the old leads.
What if with one phone call, you can get fresh new leads and actually close enough to get yourself on the Cadillac board?
Get the chalk!
Hey, get the chalk with me on the Cadillac board!
It's not too good to be true.
It's the Glen Gary leads.
The leading provider of good leads on pink cards with gold ribbon wrapped around them.
Not the ones on the blue cards you're used to trying to close on.
You hear me, you fad it!
No matter what kind of property you're trying to close on, Glen Gary has the leads you need.
You're the new leads.
And you don't tip them.
Unless you call now, 1-800-
Glen Gary leads.
They're for closers.
That's 1-800-
Get to work!
That's 1-800-
Have you made your decision for Christ?
Call Glen Gary leads now.
And you'll receive $7,000.
And one Cadillac.
That's 1-800-
Close!
Oh, 14-0-2.
And guess what? The new advisory, the intermediate public advisory on Ernesto?
Hey, don't forget that advisory.
It's not here yet.
Okay.
Well, I'm refreshing and I am mild.
What were your favorite cigarette ads?
That'd be a good poll someday.
Well, back in the day when you were smoking cigarettes, what cigarette did you smoke most?
Fred Flintstone for Paul Malm.
New ports.
Outstanding.
Was that chest of Illinois?
Was Paul Malm? Outstanding? And they are mild.
I mean, we know what the chest of field spots for a lot of time.
That's exactly what I had in mind.
Feed me to about a half a second.
Oh, the 11 a.m. advisory is still up there.
I keep clicking the refresh button and often it's happening.
And that's the pressing of the day when that happens all the time.
Well, I want to be right on top of it, man, because I don't want to be given no misinformation.
I want everybody to make sure they got a lot of gas.
They got a lot of bottled water, a lot of viscene and duct tape, plywood, two by fours, right?
Show.
Stuff like that.
Brazilian paleontologist, boy, I'm not...
Are you talking about butchering names?
Wait, wait till you hear this.
Did you see this story about the new type of dinosaur they discovered?
No, there's new one.
That they spec 80 million years.
It's even more than a broad and keto-equidor.
More that satanic made possible.
Yeah, 80 million years.
And this again, for all the get-scuse out there, the religionists were there.
While the earth, the god created the earth, five or six thousand years ago.
Yeah, yeah.
See, that's only when the Israelis and the Jews and the Arabs are killing each other.
But the whole thing goes back billions of years when god created it, of course.
That's...
Deal, God!
Brazilian paleontologists have discovered a new giant dinosaur species based on fossilized fragments of the herbivorous reptile that lived 80 million years ago.
Long before there was any Abraham or Solomon or even Abraham Solomon.
The Maca...
Oh, I can't say.
Maxi-Calisaurus-Topai.
Oh, that wasn't too bad.
Maxi-Calisaurus-Topai of the Titanisoria group.
Well, I did it very well.
They have 87 letters in it.
It was 13 yards long and weighed about nine tons.
Wow.
Can't you see any right now, Stingen?
You'll load 16 tons?
Huh?
We'll have to see the rest.
16 tons to nine tons.
Tennessee, or any on Capitol Records, it was number one for about 400 weeks in a row on your head parade.
With Russell Arms and Jazzel McKenzie and Snooki Lanson and Dorothy Collins.
You're hit parade.
Who was the host on your hit parade?
Now that I don't only got it by Johnny Cash.
Damn it.
16 tons?
Yeah, get out of here.
It'll come work.
You got any Ford in there.
Tennessee or any baby.
You got it.
Don't...
Obviously, we'll say a man is made up of wood.
I wonder he's dead.
Anyway, it had a large body.
Not Johnny K. Well, he did too.
Had a large body in a long tail and a neck with a relatively small head.
That sounds like the beast.
Large body, small head.
Some of the bones found had the marks of teeth on them, which led scientists to believe that the specimen was devoured by carnivorous dinosaurs after its death.
They were macking on each other.
The fossils they back to the late, uh, chronic, crotaceous period?
Careful.
Yes, crotaceous.
They were found during excavations between 1998 and 2002.
Next to a highway in a place called Suridh, they bore vista in central southern Minas Geraias state.
Where is this?
Oh, this is in Rio in Brazil.
I don't know.
They speak Portuguese anyway, right?
C.C.
It then took some time for the scientists to categorize the species and reconstruct the skeleton.
It says...
It tells about the names of Indians.
It says it's a custom in Brazil to give Indian names to paleontogical finds.
They lived 70 million years ago, and I see the ones that they had before, and the fossils only were found in Argentina.
Now, they got new ones that were 80 million years old.
Almost old enough to live in sunrise, lakes, and in surfside.
I keep clicking this thing, and it isn't refreshing.
So, you know what I'm going to do?
What do you can do?
Oh, no, I want to do it right now, because I want to make...
I don't want to box myself into a corner.
And by the way, oh, here it is!
Oh, man, that was the luckiest thing.
That was almost like a sexual experience.
The outer rain bands of Ernesto are spreading over the floor to keys in Southeast Florida.
Coastam strengthening is still expected.
I think what I need to do is I need to print this out, because I don't want to have to read it off the monitor.
You following me?
I'm following you.
And so, I'm going to do the break, and then I'm going to give you the advisory.
Give you the advisory, the latest, and the not so greatest.
The biggest name of the best talent in the business, Leo Rogers, Force Radio 560, UAM.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
Food for your family.
$300.
You're rebuilding your home.
$5,000.
Going all your relief money on divorces, sex change operations, and season tickets to the Saints.
Price was...
There are some things in life that are necessities.
For everything else, there's the FEMA card.
FEMA, the official card of your responsibility.
Heck of a job, boys.
Okay, 156 mad dog is coming up next.
Boy, this is like the old days.
Remember the old days?
No.
The station had numbers all day.
Oh, those old days?
Yeah, it was a long time ago.
Here's the intermediate advisory, the 2 o'clock advisory on tropical storm Ernesto.
A tropical storm warning in Hurricane Watch remained in effect from New Smurna Beach, Southward, on the Florida East Coast, including Lake Okeechobee.
From the Anita Beach, Southward, on the West Coast, and for all the Florida Keys, promotion reach to the dry toward Tougas.
A tropical storm warning remains in effect along the U.S. East Coast, North of New Smurna Beach, Northward to...
What is that?
Althahama, South Georgia.
We don't care about Georgia anyway.
Let them lose their souls, right?
All the Hamma.
A tropical storm warning, and-or-Hurricane Watch, will likely be required for the remainder of the Georgia coast, and for the South Carolina coast later today.
Nothing good be finer than to blow away South Carolina.
A tropical storm warning remains in effect for the Florida West Coast, from North of New Smurna Beach, Northward to Anglewood, and a tropical storm warning remains in effect from North of Anglewood to...
...Tarpon Springs.
A tropical storm warning in a hurricane, watch-remain in effect for Andrews Island, the very islands, the Bimneys and Grand Bahama Islands, and the Northwestern Bahamas.
At 2 p.m., the center of tropical storm warning was located near, landed to 23.9 North.
Are you charting, mapping?
I'm looking at it.
Tracking it?
Oh, yeah, charting.
Looking at it too, and the chart, yeah, there it is.
And, you know, and I still feel the same way, but nevertheless, just quit interjecting your own opinions, you know meteorologists, okay?
You know, uh, or-
Right, and-
...other bodies.
You know, weather furry.
At 2 p.m., the center of tropical storm warning was located near, landed to 23.9 North.
Longitude 79.7 West, or, about 135 miles east southeast of Key West, and only about 135 miles south southeast of Miami.
Oh my God.
...or, and the north west near 13 miles an hour, and this general motion is expected to continue today and tonight.
On this track, the center will be nearing the Florida Keys and extreme southern Florida tonight.
However, rains and squalls with tropical storm force winds are arriving well in advance of the center.
Can I read that last?
It says, on this track, the center will be nearing the Florida Keys and extreme southern Florida tonight.
Now, you see where the center is?
Mm-hmm.
The center is like way away from where all the rest of the action is now.
If I'm looking at the right thing, am I right?
Yeah, that indeed is the center, you know.
If that's the eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye
eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye
eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye
eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-ei-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye-eye
Bye!
