Mike
Yell
Aaargh
aahhhh
Taaayy
ooooo
a matter of pursuit
When I was livin
Yo�rå
He said hee
Was saved
My soul
But we made a D2 on the way to heaven.
And into this bedroom we did take a stroll.
All right.
He was standing in his underwear, told me to bend over and say a prayer.
Well, that was Robin Wemme and thank you, ma'am.
I've got my listed by the preacher man, being high boy Rex Doree.
Rex Doree.
Rex Doree.
I felt like a sinner.
And I showed up to get communion.
But all my tongue that was in a wafer.
And it was a wilder dripping, I'm not sure.
Oh, my God.
Well, he was standing in his underwear, told me to bend over and say a prayer.
Well, that was Robin Wemme and thank you, ma'am.
I've got my listed by the preacher man, being high boy Rex Doree.
Rex Doree.
Yeah, he was standing in his underwear, told me to bend over and say a prayer.
Well, that was Robin Wemme and thank you, ma'am.
I've got my listed by the preacher man, being high boy Rex Doree.
Rex Doree.
Well, it damn near kill them.
Anyway, your QM non-sports time is 102, Happy Monday 2.
It's October 30th.
But 30, ma'am.
And I say, you know what that means, don't you?
Nothing.
Nothing, too, things.
Nothing, too much.
It means tomorrow's Halloweeny and it means week from the Rosalars Sunday.
Do you think there's some connection there possibly?
US military deaths in Iraq in October reached 100 today, marking making this the deadly
smuts of American troops in a year.
The death toll mounted as militias in Al Qaeda states fierce battles in Baghdad, other parts of the country,
despite a four-month security crackdown on the Capitol and initial US troops on the ground.
It worked so well.
And meanwhile, a bomb explosion in the Saudi city area of the Iraqi Capitol of Baghdad is killed at least 30 people.
And injured more than 60, I think it's up to 39, the death count so far.
That's today, of course.
The blast occurred early this morning in the Moudafah Square on the edge of the densely populated predominantly Shia district.
It's the Shias and the Sunnis and the Kurds and the Kurds and the Sunnis and the Shias and the Geskis and the Orthodox and the Reform and the Al.
It is so freaking sad, man.
Here's the poll result from, and the reason that there's so many votes on here, number one, and so few on to one today.
Today's poll we only got 5.50, seven of you get started.
We'll have a tough time getting to 1,000, I think. You want to know why?
Why? I forgot about it.
Oh, wow. Whatever.
No, I fact Eric the new poll like early in the day, and then I just forgot about it till about 9 o'clock last night.
And I thought I didn't switch the poll yet.
Oh no. And that's a good one today.
Thanks, Sean, who obviously is having white problems or something, or maybe just reconsidering his life.
It's on Sean's pile. Let poll. Don't blame me for it.
It doesn't make any difference anyway.
We can do all the women-offensive polls we want because we need any women listening anyhow.
That's right. We're not going to offend anybody. Not that we would mind defending anybody. Would we? No.
No.
Anyway, 2372 votes on the poll from Friday. Most of the world's problems are caused by religious intolerance like the Shi'a is in the Sunnis and the Getskis and religious intolerance of 1045, but full 44%.
Greed, 661. Agorance, 344, and how dumb do you have to be?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Everybody All of A Socied Are D Thousands
as well as nine record NBA championship titles and a number of years with Phil Jackson.
In those 20 years 16 with a solid Sauerbach head only one losing season
while winning almost two thirds of his games.
He was inducted on the basketball Hall of Fame in 1969.
Eleven years later recognizes the greatest coach in NBA history
by the professional basketball writers and association of America.
That's, I got news for you Moe. You ain't no Johnny Moe, don't say that.
That same year 1980, he was inducted the second time at the Hall of Fame
in recognition of his contributions to the game.
And now he's dead.
I rode a red hour bus.
One of the really, I mean forget about it, I don't care about the NBA anyway.
He's just a colorful guy. You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
Why, I wonder why he's playing the first red.
Is that where you're saying that?
I make you a pardon?
I said because he started playing the first black players.
Is that where you're saying that?
Oh, you're bad.
You are really bad.
Everything he turns into a racial thing.
If you don't understand, we're getting really sour now
because you probably forgot to turn a clock back on Saturday night.
I definitely did not.
I'll go for you.
Here's the ace bowl boy.
He is certainly just because the Tampa Bay buck suck
and he lost again yesterday.
They did score a touchdown though, I say.
That's pretty good.
What's the worst thing about women?
500-82 votes.
Non-stop bitching, 120, bitching and moaning.
And ma-ma-ma-ma.
How low?
I voted for nagging myself.
Yeah, that's what I voted for.
Moves swings at 116.
It's that time of the month like every other day or every other minute.
It doesn't have to be that time of the month.
That's why I just said that sarcastically.
You weren't fewer.
That was all I was shining here.
How do you like that?
There's so much to ask about the freezing.
Never say what they mean, 72.
Around realistic expectations, 72.
Nagging, 566.
That's going to be doing much better.
Nagging.
Why did you do this?
Why did you do that?
Why did you do this?
Nagging.
There is nothing worse than a loud, shrill, nagging bitch.
I'm sorry.
I hate this 254, 9.2%.
That certainly couldn't be all women.
We don't have that many women.
When they get saggy and sloppy and believe me, they eventually will a 54.
No sense of humor, 18.
And rush to commitment, 10.
I don't even know what that means.
What does that mean?
Rush to commitment.
Oh, that they always want to get their hooks into you.
Just dating isn't good enough.
They need to get married and married and all their bills is quickly as possible.
I bet you Josh who's a Russian girlfriend wants to get married right away.
No, no, no.
Good.
Thank God.
Are you lucky?
You don't do it.
Don't ever do it.
Let George give you 85,000 reasons why you shouldn't do it.
He'll explain it to you.
He wrote the library.
Our sales department is just, you know, I know the audience gets really fair to me, bitching
and moning like a woman about a sales department.
But I just can't deal with it, man.
They're just crazy people.
Anyway, speaking of that,
Beasley Broadcast Group said third quarter net income fell 37.1%.
The $2.4 million in revenue depth 3.1% to 31.1 million.
Beasley Broadcast Group.
Softness and Philadelphia and South Florida, which includes power 96 and QAM plus no
renational ad, the lower national ad sales cards of the clients, the Naples based company
said in press release, let's send Miguel out there in the street corner by the sub shop,
the sub center, where they bucket to raise money for the beesleys.
Let's find another revenue stream.
That's all that reggaeton crap they're playing on power, too.
In Miami, third quarter results reflected the expense of WQM's baseball broadcast rights.
Oh, the Marlins are killing us.
God, your kill us, David Samson and Delilah.
And lower revenue at power 96, which we are seeking to address to operational and personnel
changes said George Beasley Chairman and CEO through operational and personnel changes.
Oh, no.
Lower revenue at power 96.
They're playing what?
Reggaeton.
That's that.
Reggaeton music.
That.
That.
They just play it all day long.
Why do they do that?
Tanner said so.
Oh, what a...
Hey, Tanner.
You're fair.
In this regard, we began to realize sales and operating improvements at our Miami sports
station resulting from changes implemented earlier this year.
Let me read that sentence again.
In this regard, we began to realize sales and operating improvements at our Miami sports
station resulting from changes implemented earlier this year.
Beasley broadcast zones and operates 43 US radio stations.
You see there even George Beasley from our Miami sports station.
How do you like that?
What station is that?
I don't know.
Must be this one.
Sports radio.
QM Sports time is 11 past 10.
And Irene Solar has got an article in the hero of the yesterday.
Why is cracking pair a couple of sports junkies, and better read that about our new morning
show, the Canadian Bowl without more morning show?
600 votes even on the pool about women.
How about if we put nothing like what?
Nothing.
Well, the worst thing about women.
Nothing.
Nothing I love them.
Or nothing they're great.
Nothing they're great.
How's that?
Okay.
For all those guys who haven't been unfortunate enough like most of you have.
Maybe there's some very lucky guys out there who will only met sweet wonderful women who never
bid your nag or, you know, I've heard stories.
Yeah.
Like you do about, you know, big foot in the log class, log class monster.
Like this monster.
I've never really seen these creatures, but you hear stories about them.
I'm sure that there might be some, maybe one of these.
Maybe down to the show in the USA.
Right.
Of course a lot of these Canadian women are also a daiki looking, but that's just those
haircuts and those outfits.
I don't know what you're laughing about.
It's true.
There's a lot of very daiki looking Canadian women.
And the British women, I think it's the British connection.
Injunction.
They're too cough.
I think, or maybe the Berkha.
I told you that already.
I've got, I don't know what you're laughing about.
There are many people in my building.
There are many Muslim people who are just building.
Oh, you're saying that.
And some of them were the full, what they call a Gia Gia.
I don't know what it is.
It would be a surreal experience, I think.
Oh, there you go.
Yeah.
And boy, they multiply like a rabbit.
So I'll tell you that.
It was scary.
10, 13, 5, 60, WQM, your sports station.
That's our sports time on your sports station with your sparr...oh, man.
This sale department, they put a lot of spots on here.
We'll say that.
They're not too much else.
They certainly aren't...oh, they're crazy people.
Today is October 30th, which means you and Luke Bakro, Chevy Gudge,
has two days to take advantage of this deal.
If they're running out, they're raised to a thousand.
For the first time in their history, Luke Bakro, Chevy Gudge,
where I've been by my great Corvettes and other cars for over 20 years now.
They want to sell a thousand cars in one month.
So if you wanted to help them do that, but more importantly,
take advantage of the fantastic deals they're winning for you right now,
then you got today and they're going to do it.
They had the biggest selection to do and use cars including those hot new vets,
trucks, SUVs, and minivans anywhere in town.
They've also got great use cars starting at just $3,995.
Every single lot of them backed by car facts here and there.
You won't find any lemons on a lot.
Look, I said Luke Bakro has to sell a thousand cars in October
and they're staying open late till midnight every night to give them that number.
Today and tomorrow, that's it.
Forget the price, make them an offer, they'll be any deal.
More money for your trade, zero percent, financing, rebates up to six grand,
whatever it takes they'll do it for you.
Only a Luke Bakro, Chevy Gudge, have a late two locations for you.
In Pompato Beach, a quarter mile west of I-95.
By the way, how'd that go yesterday, Josh?
Great.
And a coconut creek on four forty one.
Just out of the sawgrass expressway.
Don't forget they're staying open till midnight every night.
So get your fan out of some of Luke Bakro Chevrolet right now.
Get the best deal on the Chevy.
You ever gotten in your pathetic life.
Or check them on the wicked web at LukeBakro.bacch.rodt.
The biggest name, the best talent to the business,
Neil Rogers, 4th radio 560-2AM.
That's talking about women.
Hey boy, what's that in your mouth?
You fairy.
In the middle of the night,
she can't walk in a straight line.
I can't take out of the way that she wants to see me.
If I look like we're late,
I'm a shankin' monkey to be in my life.
I let the people away,
but I should've used my baby back away that she wanted to see me.
Yeah, that's what I mean.
And when I'm lonely,
I give you my new habit.
You're the little scared, you're the world.
I say the hell with both of them.
1019, here's a facts from our university,
died sending his facts again.
It couldn't be Kimba put it, maybe.
It's just for the poor,
their memory,
if you screw up the whole thing,
they'll never ever forget it,
and they'll make danger you don't either.
They'll never let you forget about it.
They're memory.
Look at that.
Nothing, they're great.
Already got one vote,
about a 632.
Nothing long with them.
They're all great.
Anyway, here's Eileen Solar's column from yesterday's Miami Hero,
Wise Cracking,
Fear or Couple of Sports Characters.
If you missed this show on Friday,
by the way,
I took a call on Friday.
For those who think I don't take any calls anymore,
I took one on Friday.
And if you missed what they said,
it was,
That was it.
Okay, anyway, it says,
Two hometown guys are making their good team
on a local morning radio sports talk show.
Well, thank God for a little press,
a little PR, maybe,
because we sure needed.
And of course, those beastly numbers,
I shouldn't have thrown that stir out.
I shouldn't have shrifted.
Then it's a power 96 was in the dumper,
but they're going to can everybody's answer over there,
because they've planned that garbage all day.
That's, what is it?
Rigatoning music?
Rigatoning music.
Rigatoning music.
Sure.
Sounds entitled to me.
Anyway, Eileen writes,
it's a guy thing from 7 to 10 a.m.
weekdays on Drive Time Sports Radio.
Oh, I just, I can't stand it anymore.
Sports Radio WQAM 560.
Armchair Quarterbacking,
Chair, a Charhot Berger is Dolphin Cheerleaders and Manliness,
our top is for testosterone driven banter,
between local two local dudes
heading the Kinney and Bow morning show.
There's no question that they got the male audience out there,
don't they?
Or at least 910 to the percent of them.
Since late August,
Kenny Walker of Davy, formerly the Daring Y100 Co-host,
the Daring Y100 Co-host,
the legendary John Fuddy-Cross,
has teamed with former Dolphin's player and current WFORCBS
for Weekend Sportscaster and Lunghead,
Kim Bo-Camp or Plantation.
Kim Bo-Lizz and Plantation,
I didn't know that.
Better sell the house.
The results so far as a marriage made in locker rooms.
What do they mean by that?
I get to make fun of Kenny when his shirts look sappy,
so that's every day Bo-Camp,
and I perquipped in a recent Wednesday morning station break.
Walker happened to be wearing a stylish,
confident, bluish, blousey top
with yellow, green, and pinkish graphics.
Sounds very gay to me.
But I beat poet golf,
Walker's dad for the smirk.
They play golf.
Hmm.
Walker, who do a huge listening base
at why would 100 of his outrageous war of the roses
candid phone segment that triggered couples
in the Ony Air spats,
that he and Bo-Camp are our balanced team.
Walker married for eight years
to Dory Grogan, director of events and entertainment
for the Miami Dolphins,
and the father of Garrett 7 Brodie 5 and Newborn Lilly,
represents the every man fan perspective,
while Bo-Camp respects from a professional
athlete's point of view.
The duo provides sports info,
10 Minute Error with News and Commentary
about local and national sports teams.
It's all served up with post-game critiques,
a little bit of sex,
and heavy doses of humor.
Call-ins are welcome.
Oh, baby.
Bo-Camp said the show was a throwback to the days
when guys hung out in barbershops
to talk about sports women and gadgets.
Remember those days?
No.
Bo-Camp.
So how to call it a loopback row yesterday, Josh?
Awesome.
Got the 3-0-6s right there in the showroom?
Yeah.
I almost trust the test row.
Don't let him take one.
You'll ever see him again.
Bo-Camp are married since 1980 to Colleen
and the father of Courtney 20 and Kimberly 14,
joking a player talk that he and Walker
signed out on the four-week contract
and opts to take a fifth pending negotiations.
We take the job of doing this show seriously,
but what makes us fun is we don't take ourselves
seriously, Bo-Camp,
or said, unlike the guy that precedes them,
Rock solid.
Takes himself very, very seriously.
Rock solid.
Actually, in the radio world,
shows can last as long as advertisers
by time and list is two,
and it says, program director,
the anxious, unqualified,
and on the way out the door, Josh Dero,
said the Kenny and Bo-Show will likely air
for a very long time.
We have fun, have some last-some-one,
something as serious we'll do that too, Dero said.
It's a little bit of everything.
All right.
There's a little free publicity in the Harold.
By Ilean Solar, thank you, Ilean, for sucking up.
That was very nice.
Clearance said we have a little punk.
Of course, he said that back in the days of the morning,
what did they call that abortion?
The zoo, new, magoo, whatever.
No, that's how they called it.
The morning abortion.
With Ron Hershey.
Oh my god.
Wow.
Oh, that was really beyond belief.
Carolyn was on that show too, by the way.
Yeah.
649 votes on the pool.
What's the worst thing about women?
This is one of, I want to make sure, Sean's pool.
Sean is one of our regular pool providers.
Well, I don't want them to think that I'm picking on the ladies out there
because I, what do I care?
I mean, mom's dead.
She was some kind of a nag though, I'll tell you.
Oh, Brian.
No, what's wrong?
Oh, god.
What's the worst thing about women?
I'm stopped bitching, 134.
Moot swings, 130.
Nick and Nick knows to know,
we got a good battle going on between those two.
Unrealistic expectations, 80.
Like there's the first kiss in that right away.
Why are we going to get married?
When are you going to give me a ring?
Never say what they mean, 79.
Nagging, 75.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I hate this pool, 69.2%.
When they get saggy and sloppy, 59.
When their boobs hang out of their knees.
No sense of humor, 19.
Rush to commitment, 10.
Nothing they're great for.
And their memory, none.
I don't think that's going to get many votes.
They're memory.
No.
I don't think that's probably, they never forget,
would be a better way of putting it.
But I don't want Eric to have to change that.
Because I'm sure he's got a lovely wife.
And he's got a nice little family there up in Orlando.
And, you know, he's not going to be participating in this.
You're going to get cut off for a while.
Al Qaeda's got plans for an October surprise.
How do you like that?
Oh, my god.
Is Osama going to weigh in on the midterm elections?
A senior counterterrorism official according to Newsweek.
Anonymous like other officials Newsweek spoke to.
Because the subject is sensitive.
Says that based on previous patterns,
such as the release of a rare bin Laden taped just before the 2004 presidential vote,
a message before Election Day would not be surprising.
Private expert and pervert Evan Coleman,
who consults for the feds on terror probes,
says Al Qaeda has likely released tapes at the rate of two or three a month.
This month they're short by one or two.
So he thinks a pre-election message is a very good likelihood.
Another US official says Intel experts believe Al Qaeda wants to be relevant
to the US political process.
It's a week from tomorrow Election Day.
Don't early and often.
But a third counterterror official says we don't have any indication of Osama and company
about the service.
Spokesman for the FBI and Homeland Security Department said they were unaware of
specific intel for shadowing an attack on US-Soroughly-Foot elections.
Overseas this rate is more ominous.
Reports of a possible attack on Saudi oil installations which could raise US gas prices again.
Well, that would be bad.
The perpetrators would probably be Saudi Al Qaeda affiliates.
Methods could include trucker boat bombs.
US agencies aren't certain of threats credibility.
They own nothing.
They're just guessing.
Well, it could be this or maybe they will do it.
Maybe they won't.
Who the hell knows, right?
They don't own nothing.
That's why you're paying all those taxes to dollars.
Because they don't own nothing.
But we are killing a lot of people.
That's the good news.
26 past 10 at 5, 60 WQA.
And that's our sports time here.
It's Eastern daylight time.
You're right.
This really.
Everything don't care.
You know what I mean?
Another was I set the clocks all back.
And I guess I got next hour sleep as a result.
And I don't really care one way or the other.
It makes no difference to me.
I just don't like the changing.
Isn't going to change my life.
You know what I mean by that?
When you get to be my age, you just go and to wake up in the morning.
That's all.
When you get to be old.
Some days my birthday, by the way, aren't you excited about that?
I'm sure the cards are pouring in.
There's a pile of them every day.
It's fucking so.
I gotta get a hand truck to move them out of the way.
I feel piles right now.
Hey, speaking of birthdays, it's style of actresses.
30th birthday.
About 30, man.
And to celebrate dilemmatres and Simmons are offering you the lowest price of the year
on the best selling Simmons beauty rest pillow top.
You can sleep in real comfort like I've been doing for years on a great Simmons beauty rest.
You can choose from South Florida's biggest selection of Simmons beauty rest and get same day delivery from our good pizons at dilemmatres.
So if you're finally ready for a really great night's sleep, just make that easy call.
No running around town, no wasting time, gas comparison shopping.
Because you know when you make that call, you get the best deal possible.
Dilemmatres, it's 1,800 mattress.
It gives you a factory direct price as a world running service.
No nonsense, nobody has, nobody boss, no off-rans.
Dilemmatres gives you a 12 month financing.
And with Dilemmatres, they deliver when you want them to.
Any day, seven days a week from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m.
You pick the tour window and they show up on time even the same day that you call.
That's why Dilemmatres has been and continues to be ranked number one in the world in customer satisfaction.
And why just about everybody at QM uses Dilemmatres.
On the web, check them out at Dilemmatres.com or like I said, pick up your instrument and call 1,800 mattress, 1,800 MATTRES,
leave off the last S for savings and sales holes.
The biggest name, the best talent for the business, the unrot your house, 4th radio 560, UAM.
Is that it now? That's it.
I want a double-second May show. That's it?
We'll get a second opinion if you want.
Sales people are ice holes.
This week on ABC.
Once we drive you on the dance floor, you were like a disco machine.
From the creators of Dancing with the Stars.
From my slumped chakja and the shakju, the gentle curve of your butt must glass.
Sarah Evans and her husband, Starrin.
I once could have naked dance for her.
Cheating, number stars.
Did you have any clue that he was cheating on you?
Now, if you don't, you're out there.
When I'm in high volumes, there you go.
Cheating, number stars.
My shrink couldn't make our appointment.
He found his third wife and that was his second wife.
He got the president down in entire bottle and told me he got his pro-zac.
1032 SR, QAM Sports Time.
That's our jockstrap, Likkin and Snippin' Time.
We have 687 votes on the pool.
Let's make it to 1000 to the evening, even though we had a late start.
That's my bad.
I apologize profusely.
Don't I?
No.
Who cares?
Just as any of you know, we never got a facts.
We never got a call because we're not taking any calls, thank goodness.
But I'm sure that would have been one of them from Dave the Cop saying,
hey, Mike Cardinal's won the World Series.
Maybe Dave the Cop is gone these days.
He knows the facts number.
I'm sure he'll fast from wherever he's at.
I'm sure he's gone.
He's gone.
They don't want to listen to some fat ol' fag on a radio.
Weedon news stories all day for four hours.
That's why a lot of the audiences are gone.
I wanted to call up every day and talk crap.
And that part of the audience are wanted to call up every day and talk crap.
We'd be delighted if they'd go away.
The only problem is, hey!
They're not.
They're the last ones to believe.
Chronic's.
Maybe if you come up with something that they could drink like some chronic tonic
would be good like curing that disease.
Nope.
Just days after the Cardinals won the top honor major league baseball,
the World Series, and a boring, very lowly wife series,
I didn't watch ten minutes of the whole thing.
How much did you watch?
Josh, you watched the whole series?
No, I watched it really a total of nine innings.
Tondress.
Really boring.
Non-competitive.
Taggers just, they forgot to show up.
And they're fielding.
You can't complain about their fielding prowess because they didn't have any.
They kept throwing it away.
Anyway, their hometown jumped the first place on the list
that nobody wants to be in first place on the most dangerous cities in the USA.
Oh my god.
St. Louis.
The Midwestern city has long been in the upper tiers of the annual ranking of the nation's safest and most dangerous cities compiled by Morgan Quinto Press.
Violent crime surge from nearly, and the surge nearly 20% there from 2004 to last year,
when the rate of such crimes rose much faster in the Midwest than the rest of the nation.
It just said the way this city is, resident Sam Dawson said,
on the news, he heard killing someone's been shot.
A while.
The second most dangerous city was Detroit.
Oh, what a surprise that is followed by Flint, Michigan.
That's Michael Moore's hometown and Compton, California.
The rankings released early today came as the city celebrates Friday's World Series victory at the New Boy Stadium.
The big arch.
St. Louis has been spending millions of dollars on urban renewal, even as the crime rate climbs.
St. Louis Mayor Francis stayed, the slay.
He just slays me.
Didn't return calls to his office.
He can comment yesterday.
Among all higher cities, Cleveland was ranked the seventh most dangerous.
Youngest out at number nine and the Cincinnati 18.
Scott Morgan, president of Morgan Quinto Press,
a private research and publishing company specializing in state and city reference books.
Cities not surprised to see St. Louis on top of the list.
Since it's been among the most dangerous cities for years,
it's a dangerous, dangerous, nasty, hot, humid place.
It blows.
Morgan said the study looks at crime-oldy within St. Louis city limits,
with a population of about 30,000 to 330,000.
It doesn't take into account the suburbs in St. Louis County,
which has roughly 980,000 residents.
The burbs.
The safest city in 2005 was brick, new Jersey.
Never heard of it in my life.
Brick?
Brick.
As you can go through one out the window.
A population of about 78,000 followed by Amherst, New York.
You know what that's the suburb of, don't you?
You don't want to live there.
Buffalo.
Oh.
Nobody wants to live there.
And Mission D.A. Ho California, a city of just under 100,000 people, South of LA,
when they very young meet an agent who's 37 years old.
What's the median agent South Florida?
About 90.
Cities are ranked based on more than just their crime rate, Morgan.
Said individual crime, such as rape or burglary, are measured separately compared to national
averages, and then compiled a gift city of ranking.
Crimes are weighted based on their danger to people.
The National FBI figures released in June show the murder rate in St. Louis jumped 16% from 2004 to 2005,
compared with 4.8% nationally.
They're killing each other.
They're killing us.
While crime increased in all regions last year, the 5.7% rise in the 12th Midwestern states
was at least three times higher than any other region, according to the FBI.
Most dangerous 25, you want to, and then we've also got the safest 25.
Guess what's number 25 on the safest list?
Port St. Lucy?
Right.
25th safest place.
Of course, who the hell would want to live there besides the idiot Greg from a Port St.
Lucy?
The most dangerous 25.
You're going to be surprised.
I don't see, uh, other than 25, which is Orlando.
I don't see any Florida cities on here.
Not one.
G.
Unsurried.
Most dangerous 25.
St. Louis number one, number 2 Detroit, then Flint, Michigan,
Compton, California.
Fifth is Candid New Jersey.
You don't want to go there.
Birmingham, Alabama, Cleveland, 7th, Oakland, California,
Youngstown, Ohio, and I'm Gary Indiana, 10th.
Oh, the schmutz, oh, the smoke, the filth.
Richmond, California, 11th.
I have no idea.
I never heard of it.
Did you?
No.
Richmond, California.
Maybe it means Richmond, Virginia, but it says California.
I don't believe it.
On all Richmond, Virginia, it's on here.
Sorry.
Baltimore's 12th, Memphis, Tennessee, 13th.
Trenton, New Jersey, a festering outdoor sewer,
an outdoor septic tank, a sum pump, is 14th.
Richmond, Virginia, is 15th.
Kansas City, Missouri, is 16th, Atlanta, 17th.
Since the 90-18 Washington, DC is 19th.
North Charleston, South Carolina, 20th.
Reading PA, 21st, Newark, New Jersey, 22.
New Jersey, blows.
Little Rock, Arkansas, 23th, San Bernard,
and the New California, 24th.
And the 25th most dangerous city in the USA is Orlando.
Get out of there, Eric White is still getting good.
Safes 25, Brick, New Jersey.
See, I mean, a lot of these are places nobody ever heard of.
Amherst, New York is second, that's Buffalo.
Michigan, V.A.O. California, 3rd, Newton, Mass, 4th,
Troy, Michigan, 5th, Collin, New York, 6th.
I never heard of it.
Irvine, California, 7th, Kerry, North Carolina, 8th.
Greece, New York, 9th.
That's a suburb of Rochester.
Coral Springs is number 10, Josh.
10th, Safes City in the USA.
All right.
You're gonna move back?
No.
Not any time soon.
Thousand Oaks, California, 11th, Orham, Utah, 12th.
What about Goya, Utah?
Orham.
Round Rock, Texas, 13, 14th, over New Jersey,
then Lake Forest, California, Sterling Heights, Michigan,
Seamy Valley, California, Simmy Valley,
is 17, Roswell, Georgia, 18th,
who now wants to live there.
At least some of Missouri is 19,
Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, 20th,
Chino Hills, California, 21st, Gilbert, Arizona, 22,
Edison, New Jersey, 23,
Cranston, Rhode Island, 24,
and 25th, Safes City in the US
is Port St. Lucie, Florida.
Aren't you excited about Coral Springs being the 10th,
Safes?
And aren't we always hearing about gangs
and violence in Coral Springs?
All the time.
How did you just make it up?
My phone rang.
You don't think there was a email down there?
I mean, not an email, like a fetus.
That's right.
That's right.
You better talk for a second while I go get it.
All right, so there's a COD package down there.
For me, I have no idea what it is.
I got to go down and get a guy $6.30 from UPS.
I didn't order anything.
What's all going to be?
Well, I sent you something.
It better not be COD.
No, if you sent me something,
I got to go down and pay in the middle of the show $6.30
and the guy's down there waiting.
It charged me posted.
So I don't know why they would be charging years on here.
Oh, no, that's customs, man.
You don't get it.
Oh.
It's customs.
You sent me something?
In the North Deal.
Yeah, it's a birthday coming up.
Oh, what a jerk.
I told you, don't be doing that.
I told you I was going to anyway, so.
Stop doing that.
You navigate.
You goofball.
No.
Anyway, I got to do a thing here.
I got to get my clothes on.
Do a thing.
What ain't?
Take 40 is our QA sports time.
You know, in auto accidents, a traumatic experience,
shocks, rests, tourists.
It's something nobody wants to happen.
But when it does, you need help answering all those questions
that'll race through your mind.
What do I do now?
Do I need medical treatment?
Do I need an attorney?
Am I entitled to compensation?
So many questions.
So much confusion.
You better be sure you call the right number the first time
when you need help.
One, AAA, CRASH 61.
It's a free call.
There's no obligation.
One, eight, eight, eight, CRASH 61.
That's one AAA, CRASH 61.
Because you need answers right away, not another accident.
24 hours a day, seven days a week.
One AAA, CRASH 61.
It's your auto accident hotline.
One, eight, eight, eight, CRASH 61.
Total free and no obligation.
Get all your questions answered about your auto accident
and what you need to do.
One AAA, CRASH 61.
That's one, eight, eight, eight, CRASH 61.
The biggest names.
The Unrotors, Force Radio 560.
The UN.
Hey, got the hot dot, yeah, look.
Five, two, one.
Five, two, one.
Five, two, one.
Five, two, one.
Five, two, one.
Five, two, one.
Five, two, one.
Five, two, one.
Don't you know that's the sound of the band.
It's a grand Charlie's game.
Jaysy's game.
That's the sound of the band.
It's a grand Charlie's game.
A chain.
You thought that holy moth, holy was tray-aid.
With a surprise.
You thought the only Republican bully.
Yes.
In time you find Christ's game.
The Holy Party, it swings both ways.
That's the sound of the band.
It's a grand Charlie's game.
Jaysy's game.
That's the sound of the band.
It's a grand Charlie's game.
You fell, sheave.
Jaysy's game.
Yow, waw, waw, waw, waw, waw.
Waw, waw, waw, waw, waw, waw.
Wouw, waw, waw, waw, waw, waw.
Wow, what the hell is this crap just to aggravate you and make you spend money during the
sidewinder yeah they don't make those for the 30 gigs anymore took a lot of trouble finding that one.
Well thanks George wasn't that sweet of George all your shit is just semi-indulence card when you get to be my age you don't
send gifts anymore for birthdays you said a card saying oh I'm so sorry 64 is so freaking old yeah it's ancient.
I don't feel a day over 63 and I'm still not 64 until Sunday so cut that straight anyway look at this a sidewinder what's now what's
different about this than my iPod well no it's for the iPod it's so you put your iPod in that and and it's a case
that oh this is a case yeah and then the little a little thing pops out that looks for you to wind the cord on
there are a million cases for iPods but only the sidewinder actually provides a place for you to wrap your
cord yeah for what it's worth hmm yeah well that's really exciting actually should be two objects in there so what do you mean by that well there's also the MP3
player travel case yeah that's probably your actor that's a nice that's a good nice case you're a case alright the lunatic in
cost me $6.30 can anything in order to understand that the post is he most people don't realize that I guess I
never realize that either when I start ordering stuff to be delivered here that's why I hit in the middle of the show I think
you've rushing downstairs throw my clothes on my shoes oh brother a lot of stress a lot of pressure I was back pretty quick though
yeah you were it's because I had the right change $6.30 I can handle that always got a lot of good change
since they're a postage they charge you think that all of that is taken care of that's not customs my
I know I'm trying to sprained you man I'm trying to sprained it to you Lucy it's not the customs there's another charge
those bastards yeah that's a scam it's Canadian skin they got to get some money somehow they kind of people to get the tax money out although the
taxes here are really outrageous 722 votes on the pool what's the worst thing about women non-stop pitching 147 mood swings 145
almost didn't even look at that unrealistic expectations 87 never say with a mean 86 nagging 86
no kill you I hate this pool 64 8.7% well we like it when they get Saagie
I almost said Saagie Saagie and sloppy 64 same difference no sense of humor 19 nothing they're great 13
there you go 13 women voted rush to commitment 10 and they never forget eight and the first eight they want to get
married they want they want to like especially if you got some money if you got something they want oh there is in the first date
unless you have money x rated instant messages wrist you'll be controlling Florida what does that mean the run the
outspoken it is that which is not just cat and her is not my boys Washington DC crazy person cat and everybody knows you're crazy
but like that crazy person she got two chances much much less than on and minus infinity cat and Harris
tiny he's got a better chance of being elected to the Senate and he's been dead for a couple of years
your buddy Doug Thompson is circulated again I always worry about him you know I'm always afraid that one of these days we're never gonna
see the column from him he's gonna disappear yeah he's gonna go off to Syria perhaps like mayor Arar
Doug Thompson says close the curtain on 12 years of GOP failures please talk to a Republican political operative lately
and once you get by the false public bravado that all I'm trying to leave me to project you see nothing but
desperation in their eyes the world is crashing down on the party the elephant they have only themselves to blame for the
disaster that awaits them November 7th week from tomorrow always that could be an exciting day or what I don't know
in the house Republicans are most likely to see a net loss of 20 to 35 seats and with it their majority says
respected political analyst Charlie Cook in the Senate to GOP could lose at least four but a five or 60 losses more likely
a 60 chamber change tips to chamber democratic hands Doug Thompson says I've known Charlie for more than 20 years
he doesn't make reckless predictions if anything he plays it's safe projecting a loss of 20 to 35 seats and us means big big
trouble for Republicans publicly Republicans saying the election will swing their way on voter turnout local issues
privately they admit they're screwed were F that's all there is to it a prominent GOP strategy just told me over
the weekend we followed George W Bush into the black hole of Iraq and there's no way out were F well F then Bush is
political hitman Carl wrote promise Republicans in October surprised to turn the tide but the surprises kept
drowning the Republicans wanting losses in Iraq the markful to congressional page scandal to fair and increasingly
dislikonomic news in key center races Republicans are dumping millions in last minute attack ads to try to sway voters
here in Virginia are local NBC affiliate ran 71 ads from Republican incumbent George Mokaka wits Allen the National Republican
Senator are committed to Republican National Committee attacking democratic challenger Jim Web during Sunday's telecast of the
NASCAR next-tale cup race but while Republicans try to con voters one more time America's headed for a serious trouble in the real world
controller general David Walker warns the U.S. has decided for an economic disaster because of the budget busting spending policies of Bush
and the Republican controlled Congress just before the selection he embarked on a fiscal wake up tour to drive the message home
you can't solve a problem until majority of the people believe you have a problem that needs to be solve Walker says and that's the central problem
from too many years of control by a reckless and irresponsible Republican party Republicans refuse to believe there is a problem
especially one of their own making the increased government spending while cutting taxes driving deficits directly levels Bush continue to argue that the Iraq war is
winnable even though his own generals in a vast majority of the American public know otherwise the Republican leadership of Congress
to try to ignore a serial sexual predator in their midst hoping the problem would go away it didn't for the past
as years of the man for Republican leadership Congress was evasion of the facts and avoidance of reality now
12 years of corruption dalliance arrogance and outright malfeasance have come down on the GOP like a plague of locusts
leaving behind a rotting putrid sludge that used to be a great nation and rotting putrid sludge I can almost smell it
must be walked across Lake Ontario a the first step to cleaning up the mess comes next week when we march into the voting booth and vote to throw out the garbage
that's only the first step if the polls and prognosticators prove right we can't waste time celebrating an elephant's death we have to make sure that the party of the jackass that takes its place doesn't return
wits old ways of doing business changes only the beginning and change must be the man true that guides us all in the coming years of the Democrats F up this
opportunity it'll be time to scrap our current system of government and find one that works how do you do that revolution sounds like you for
right I'll follow you guys right out there in the streets not so this thing is a it's a thing it's a case and there are a million and what no there are no
other no other device has as many accessories for it as the iPod as I'm sure you find only a guy got a nifty rubber case for but it's
certainly is durable as this thing I like the the rubbers this thing is really rock solid but that's got all kinds of things
like it's got a kickstand so that you can set it up and look at it while you're playing with it really it'll stand up on end and the side wonder
thing was the big selling point for me because nobody gives you anything to do with your headphone cord like what it
you know like to wrap it up so whatever I didn't actually play with it well thank you for that I wouldn't want to be touched
and you know you're the first one to touch it I love it right you guys it made it I'm putting it right in its nice nifty case here my MP3
oh look at that it's beautiful and maybe someday I'll open it up again maybe now actually my prized possession is what you did for me
was that come on little things about a bill months I can't believe you found that number one number two I got it that is just amazing good song
great aspect actor now one of the all-time best songs but they're good to have good and really back a lot of memories I came
in with LAR but you know when you get to be this old happy birthday Neil oh yeah thank you so much what a stupid you know that whole
business that Sunday and then Tuesday we had election day I will say this though it got there fast when when you send
your package like you let me worry about my right here something like that you said it on Friday and say yeah that's
when I ordered it it's from there they are can our music or can our music world of ordered stuff from them
oh I messed up New York when I was more awarded in Amazon but like I told you nobody makes those sidewinders for that
size of New York I have no idea well that school is showing one moment please
remember her but map of mass pet New York look at this yeah now you guys do the help to see what the hell it is
what's that New York New York city in fact looks to me like it might be I can't really tell where that is on one
guy one it's somewhere 11378 mass pet New York I never heard of it in my life so anyway if it's coming from New York
to here that's not very far that's a you could throw a rock from here to the mass pet
right mass a big one but you know how that shipping and handling thing always is they sit on it for a week sometimes
on UPS or you know I don't know how to help with the PS is great not as good as FedEx but damn near right in fact
maybe sometimes better now those are two my very favorite businesses UPS and FedEx man no question
oh look at that I just I just crossed out the last break in the next hour
a little bit ahead of us not that I'm in a big way to want to park you around my new play tour
anything like that but 750 votes on a full we better really work hard but not going to get no
1500 day and that's my bad the biggest name so best talent to take out the rest of the week
for radio 560 this is the new Roger shall
who takes the toys with money no if you're offended by that other down home family style restaurant
with cracker in the name then you better stay the hell away from the new down home family style restaurant
with cracker in the name but if you ain't come on in to white cracker barrel
you'll be seated in one of our two separate body cool dining rooms in the white room you'll enjoy a cocktail
like a white Russian white lady black spider or any type of wine as long as it's white or a beer
and the kids will enjoy cool a or milk sorry no chocolate relax to our pipe 10 music with no rhythm whatsoever
your discriminating taste will be prejudiced for our new exclusive menu
black southern fried chicken white meat of course smothered in white gravy or try the other white meat
pork chops with applesauce and for the seafood lover try our exclusive white and changing white fish
and everything is served smothered in mayonnaise and in our black dining room you can sit in the back finish your meal then get the hell out
either way you'll get what you deserve at the only white cracker barrel down home family style restaurant
where white is always right see I don't know what the big deal of it is if you put cracker in the name doesn't mean you want to do business with crackers
okay sure mass path is old school queens that is best neighborhood of family small shops and restaurants residential mass path is
or on the mass path plateau the last high ground in western queens with great views of Manhattan skyline
but the city feels a world away from homey grand avenues posh delis and Irish bars
though she did just want to go there right away yeah if I didn't go now yeah
for mass pets western industrial area slopes down the Newton Creek which borders Brooklyn to the north is woodside
Elmhurst is northeast middle village is east and the south is Ridgewood the main dragon mass path is Grand Avenue
or sounds grand to me and at its core is where grad meets sixteen out of the valley just off the L.I.E. the Long Island
expressway this commercial heart extends several blocks along Grand North and South of L.I. which cuts mass path in half
makes me long for Westbury and Roosevelt raceway long gone rest in peace well there you go mass planter see where
learn something educational on sorbid thanks to George send me there really nifty a side wonder for my iPod
I thought it was like some kind of a gadget you know well kind of a gadget gadget I'm disappointed I'm just joking just relax
I just tried to teach you a lesson to quit spending money and sending me crap okay
I can afford my own crap I know it's a nice gesture but every year I tell you don't send me something I ignore you every year
well Josh will come in there and give you a what kiss on the list is where saying it even after your dead I'm the sense up to your carcass probably
that's because of that guilt trip that you're on what guilt trip guilty conscience I don't know I buy something for everybody on their birthday
you know I was thinking about just going while I was shaving and wanted to slip my throat what I don't know I know what it was
yeah him why because I was thinking about our mutual ex-friend ponytail I was thinking about that whole episode you know my mother dying
I don't like the interest man I don't like all guess what news mother died by you know calling everybody in the phone book sucking up
quit sucking up Rimmer don't you miss feral and I no just go away don't you miss feral I remember one time he called me up in the middle of conversation
I'm your best friend I'm your best and you're not see it's one thing about me I don't I don't play the game you know what I mean
I'll tell you right to your face right to your ear oh you're not don't you miss feral I know
765 oats on the pole yeah he just there was annoying and as far as the other one is concerned
no comment the second dancer in the Duke rape case is said for the first time that the accuser told her to go ahead put marks on me after the alleged attack
you following that okay dancer Kim Roberts made the new allegation which he hasn't shared with authorities in
interview with Chris Cuomo that air today on Good Morning America Roberts allegation comes after Durham District Attorney Mike
Niphon's admission in court last week that he hasn't yet interviewed the accuser about the facts of that name
as she drove the accuser from the March 2006 duke lacrosse party Roberts told ABC News of a woman was clearly impaired and talking crazy
Roberts said she tried several different times to get the accuser out of her car the tripping that car from the house went from happy to crazy
Roberts told Cuomo I tried all different ways to get through to her I tried to be funny and I she said then I tried to you know be
stirr muther we're kind of circling around and as we're doing that my last attempt to get her out of the car I started to kind of you know push and prod her you know you know you know
you know Robert said she told the woman get out of my car get out of my car bitch I push on her leg I kind of push on her arm
Roberts said and clear as a bell if the only thing I heard clear as a bell out of her was she said she pretty much had her head down but she said plain as
day go ahead put marks on me that's what I want go ahead Roberts said the comments chilled me to the bone and I decided right then
and there to go to the authorities Roberts wasn't aware of the time of any rape allegations which were first made by the
accuser after police arrived and taking the woman to a crisis center in the interview Roberts appeared reluctant to talk about her new
allegations it's something that I've been that's been weighing on my heart and I worry that maybe I won't be called a trial Roberts told
Kloemot she reached for a tissue because of all so many of her so much of the accuser statements difference from mine I might not help the
prosecution at all as a witness she said no kidding Roberts became visibly upset as she described the accusers comments for the first time at
one point stopping the interview I don't even want to talk about this anymore she said why isn't so hard for you to reveal that Kloemot
I said because I think it's going to make people rush to judgment it's going to make them stop listening and I don't like this at all it's going to make people not listen I'm sure
probably not even going to play this it's going to make people not listen to any other part of the story it's going to make people so judgmental it's going to solidify
their opinion so much and not going to want to hear other aspects of the case which I think you're just an important
yadi yadi who cares you know who the hell gives a trap across team my ass you know Duke by the way don't I don't
think their hurricanes could have lost another game this weekend that would be a five and three record that they really lose the Georgia
Tech or that I'm maybe I dreamt that I saw that last part of the game no it was no dream when you look like they were going to
make that last minute come back and they decided with two and a half minutes left in the game rather than trying it on so I kicked
a punted away and by that thing they stopped Georgia Tech on three straight girls running plays and they still had war
like a minute and a half left in the game yeah and Georgia Tech that putter for them really did a hell of a job
it kicked a whopping gigantic punt and here goes the hurricane kid back back back back and he right through his hands
made drops the ball in Georgia Tech Flops on a game over Keynes lose again oh I can't believe that three losses in
one season they've only played eight games wow aren't we cursed thank God that offense had to buy yesterday because no
matter who they would have played they would have lost you know when you stop and think about the fact that they lost a Houston
and what's up with that Oakland game who the hell did they be yesterday like the Steelers wasn't who did they be
that's right no they beat the Steelers that's because a head job boy is out of there now he's got injured head problems he's got
hate problems been big old band I wonder if he's going to Uncle Bany think so seven hundred E one votes I think we'll get
to the thousand I mean so many eleven oh eight now let's take a look at that schedule the mad dog is back thank God
all right that's not a shot of Curtis we just decided to have the mad dog back there's only one
why should there's lots of mad dogs but it's only one to manage mad dog two to four power hour with
the hang in the mad dog rekindled again reunited four to five remember that song we united and that's not
he doesn't heard horrible pieces and square man was the
United thanks all five to seven no relation to Napoleon solo pan through insider with
the other defendant market in Pembroke pine seven to seven thirty pan through insider
all those pan through losing a lot of three on that trip maybe I just had a dream that they did that
Curtis in the b seven thirty ten tonight and indicate ten o'clock because we got no ball game pan through is
a play the sharks tomorrow and then the Leafs right there at the emphasis around Thursday why better come down for
that game should I okay pan through some leaves on Thursday and of course I'd have to take off on Friday just a joke
you think I'm coming all the way down there to go to a hockey game you a crazy person or what no I know better there you are well
yeah but I know better I may attempt by senator George mccocco with Alan a virgin to turn small sections of
a book by rival Jim Webin away political issue Webin a speech yesterday stood by his work and criticized
Alan for failing to address controversies that have played his own campaign in recent months senator mccocco with
the controversy began last week after the Alan campaign issued a press release describing Webin's book as
pornographic and inappropriate Web is stood by his work which has been law to buy conservatives including John
McCain confetti gets a serious work of fiction based upon incidents he witnessed while serving in the Vietnam war
Alan did not participate in Vietnam of course like all these other chicken hawks all the chicken hawks all the time
so that's all they got to do is smear and smear that's their whole game plan that's the Carl Robeff and way man smear
seven eighty seven on the poll orders that the Alan misses what's your name this is green span
face where democratic Jim Peterson is trying to unseat republican senator john Kyle Peterson currently trails
Kyle by only six points forty seven percent to forty one percent in the latest university of Arizona poll
Jim Peterson joins us now welcome okay good there is there's Jim Peterson you're going to lose Jim sorry too bad
nearly one of every twenty five weapons the military bought for a rack security forces is missing
a government audit said yesterday many others can't be repaired because parts of technical manuals are lacking parts or technical manuals
or maybe parts of the manual a second report found significant challenges remain that put it risk the West's military goal is strengthening your rack security forces
by transferring all logistics operation to the defense ministry by the end of next year
a third report concerned the provincial reconstruction team program in which the West government experts help Iraq he's developed regional governmental institutions
the unstable security environment of Iraq touches every aspect of this program the report said how do you like that
the Pentagon can't account for fourteen thousand plus weapons almost four percent of these semi-automatic pistols
assault rifles machine guns rocket propelled grenade launchers other weapons have began to find your rack since the end of 2003
according to a report from the office of the special instance in structure general for a rack reconstruction the missing weapons will not be tracked easily
the defense department registered the serial numbers of only about ten thousand of the three hundred and seventy thousand weapons have provided less than three percent
the Pentagon spent a hundred and thirty three million dollars on the weapons and the capacity of the Iraqi government to provide national security and public order is partly contingent on
armoring the Iraqi security forces under the ministers of something in interior another another just box job just money just like opening up a faucet opening up the faucet in your bathtub
and instead of water monies pouring out only came out of your pocket any like that so then good thing that six dollar and thirty
cents that I spent on customs for that package that find mysterious gift that George sent me for my birthday it's a name good thing that Uncle Sam didn't get a hold of that
who go out there and kill some more people with it six dollar and thirty cents you know how long that would last it would buy
I don't know that thirty seconds twenty ten seconds two punches on the machine mine on the wheel of misfortune nasty miserable oh my god talk about women you want to go out there and see some of these ethnic women you know
sorry European these old European women Alpaca was having a real good day Saturday which I did wind up with a good day with this old Italian woman who once sat down next to me and say
you know I acknowledge her presence and there was a bad mistake now she's my buddy and she comes to me on Saturday she's got a million questions she's a real Italian Yenthas she wants to know what this one did
now much did you get what did you wrap up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up
up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up
Really, the Europe for the most part have been very pleasant and most of the people I encounter there as a tourist as a schmuck are yet over and ice and friendly and they're seen pleasant and they're not like stereotypical like these old European slime old slime balls. You know I'm talking about. Oh, yeah, thank you. I don't have anything like that in Florida. No. 14 past 11 at 5.60 WNC and that's our sports station time. That's what the George Beasley says. Well, we got that Sports Station in Miami and we got the new guys in there. No, I'm gonna tell you. Brian Schmuck.
He is an abject. He is just he's very disappointing to me. Let me tell you about Brandy's. If you want to take good, carry your feet. Make sure you got the right fitting and the great shoes on him and Brandy's will make sure that every time Brandy's carries all the top names in the floor business like floor shum echo.
No, Fisto, Rockport, Hush puppies and new balance and tons of other name brands and all sizes for men and women they even carry those wide widths and hard to find sizes for those of you with funky feet. In fact, Brandy's is the largest independent shoe retailer in all of South Florida. Go in there and see our good buddy Arnie. He'll make sure you get the right fitting a right fitting shoe for your feet at the right price too. Brandy shoes 12 mighty North Federal Highway in pop and a week between Atlantic and Copen's on the east side. You can't miss it. Brandy's is open every day of the week for you Monday through Saturdays till 9 and even on Sundays till 5.
And this week is a great time to buy essay issues at Brandy's all great men's and women's styles are on sale 20 30.
But 30. Even 40% off for pairs. So save a lot of cash. Get your feet all dusty that bright at Brandy's this week or do your shoe shopping on the web at brandy's shoes dot com.
The biggest name for radio 560.
The biggest name. The best.
The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best
The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best
The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best
The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best
The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best
The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best
But that didn't use the word, you can't beat it with your voice on it. My voice was uns浩nably. My voice was uns浩n forearmly. You can't beat it with my voice on it. My voice was uns浩nably. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. The best. He made victory out of them almost a few. parents will never give up.
newspaper, Juventud Rebell day.
Hoventud.
Hoventud.
Hoventud.
Hoventud Rebell day.
Means youth.
No.
Dedicated its front page to the Cuban President, printing a blown-up picture of a
pensett Castro with this title, always fighting for something and fighting with optimism.
He's never got like a kind of a smirk on his purse.
The 80-year-old Cuban leader, who temporarily seated power to his brother Raul,
gay, in July, following a testicle surgery, hadn't been seen since mid-September with photos
of him receiving World Leaves of the Summer Nevada were released.
The latest photos, apparently, were taken during the filming of a video broadcast Saturday,
in which Castro looking thin and tired, was shown walking slowly but steadily,
and I'm identified as a woman reading and loud voice from Saturday,
the edition of Grand Ma, the Communist Party Daily newspaper.
Somebody tell him that communism went out with the nickers and white box shoes.
They declared me more of Bonne prematurely, he said, but it pleases me to send my
compatriots and friends this small video.
He said his recovery would be prolonged and not without risk,
but I didn't think he was making good progress.
I'm coming along just as planned, I feel a hole, he said.
I'm not the least bit afraid of what'll occur.
He called rumors of his death ridiculous and insulting,
cleaning through the work of his enemies.
Let's see what they say now, he said, as he fumbled around.
Castro dressed in a red-white and blue tracksuit, said he was trying to help those
thoroughly insurge the government as much as he could while he recovers.
I participated in the most important decision with my comrades from leadership
of the Communist Party and the government, he said,
I do everything possible to support my comrades and be useful.
The rumors motivate me to work into fight, he said, well, what we do.
The Cuban government has treated Castro as a man as a state secret
and rumors that he may have died.
I think he's got it.
Have intensified in recent weeks.
He has made a public appearance since July 26th,
a few days before he underwent surgery.
Maybe these pictures of the Castro are like a stunt Castro,
like someone who's been lawdened.
That fact has been lawdened.
Have you ever seen that?
Yeah.
This is the stunt Castro.
Remember we had the stunt, Sodom is there, and everyone had a double appearance.
Yeah, he had doubles and triples and quadruples.
Just like those guys that we know them crystal burgers.
Did you hear that bit at the end of the Kenny and Beaumont's show?
Yeah.
No, sorry.
This is excellent news for everyone.
All Cubans and all Cubans, friends, vice-president Carlos Lughe said.
We are really having to see if it all is better than everything he's moving forward.
Foreign Minister Felipe Perez, a roca, said.
He's not been lost just working on his recovery plan, right?
Very is asked.
The video shown Saturday, Kim a day after Castro's close friend and ally,
Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez, said the Cuban leader was walking and taking tips
at night into the countryside.
It just got a wandering out the door.
Like the chief and Jack Nicholson were going to do, McMurphy.
Remember that?
McMurphy.
MacRamack didn't make it.
He had a little pillow problem.
Bolivian president, Ebo Moraleson, said it.
The Castro returned to office in two or three weeks.
A top Cuban official previously sent a expected Castro back at the helm by December
when the country plans to hold a belated birthday celebration for a leader who turned 80 August 13th.
Why does America get a whole day birthday celebration for...
You're truly, huh?
It's all right.
I already got my gift.
Don't eat no cake, either.
What do you mean by that?
Make a meatloaf or something and stick a candle in it.
That sounds good.
In fact, on the infomercial for the GT Express, one of the things you make is a meatloaf sandwich.
All right, but without the bread.
Yeah.
Or she takes two...
Or she butters to...
Is she his garlic butter?
Sure.
And she butters the two slices of bread and puts them in like one upside down and one right side up.
And don't be using no bread crumbs when you make the meatloaf, either.
Oh, I hate that.
If I'm eating meatloaf or meatballs, I don't want to like, no, hidden carbs in there.
I don't want meatloaf.
They always do that, I don't know.
Yeah, I know that.
Fill it up.
I don't know.
Yeah, quit to fill in, okay?
Okay.
Quit to fill in.
Wrap those to fill around your arms until you turn blue and then get lost.
828 votes on the poll.
Pretty damn impressive, yes, me considering the late start we got.
26th after 11, don't forget to mad dog is back today from a couple of days off.
Where the hell did he go?
And who gave him permission and stuff like that?
Is there anybody running a place now?
Is it like just stuff on automatic pilot?
I saw all of our management team.
Including Chris Jones?
No.
Including that salesman, Chris Jones, who comes in here ready?
Lies through it.
Just lies with that southern draw.
You know, lii lii lii.
That's okay though, he's loosed up that billing man.
We got spots up the old earlobe.
We got spots all over the place.
We got spots on our nose, spots on our ass.
Everywhere.
Just spotty.
Like leopards.
Let me tell you right now today in the March of last days of October, which means you better
get into loopback road if you want to take advantage of their fantastic deals they're pumping
out during their race to a thousand.
That's right, loopback road is after so a thousand cars this month and in order to do that,
they're staying open until midnight every night to reach that one thousand number.
Forget about price, make them an offering, they'll beat any deals so you're going to save a ton of cash.
They give you lots more money for your trade, zero percent financing, rebates about the $6,000
whatever it takes to make you a deal and get your ass in a great new vehicle.
Only at loopback road, Chevrolet with two locations for you.
In popin' obiach a quarter mile west of I-95, look for that huge American flag and a coke on a creek on 441
just out to the Saga Rast Expressway.
How'd that thing at loopback road go yesterday, Josh?
Well, don't forget to stay open till midnight every night so go to loopback road right now and get the best deal on new
Chevy could ever dream of as you helped them race to a thousand for the first time in loopback road history.
I've been buying my cars there for years and believe you me, it can't beat them when it comes to service and when it comes to selection and price as well.
Check them out on the wicked web at loopbackroad.com, B-A-C-H-R-O-D-T, loopbackroad.com.
The biggest names of best talents, the V-S-S-E-R-R-J-S, 420560-SU-A-N.
I'm a horny fat bag.
Alright.
I think there's new government.
But they always do time.
What's the status, fifth things up?
Sure, right up in the mines.
Yeah.
There's so many chaos over there.
Still be moments in your head.
I don't wanna hear from Bush.
That he is restoring peace.
How will we know it to see that?
With them who do not proceed.
I just wanna know it to see that in the head.
When you see more Mickey D's.
Riktaro.
Once you saw that the fat fingers of Henry Kissinger were involved in this mess, then you knew we were in big trouble, didn't you?
Oh yeah.
As if we needed to see that.
Tell us the piece in my head.
A man is expected to appear in federal court today after he had to be handcuffed when authority say threatened to fly crew last night on a plane that took off in Boston and had to make an emergency landing in Orlando.
Nobody was heard but the flight crew had a wrestle demand and bind his hands with plastic ties until the four-loader day of a bound plane could land according to jet-fouish spokesman Todd Burke.
Agents from the FBI arrested the man on a flight interference charge when the plane landed in Orlando.
It was headed for a four-loader day. What does that tell you?
There isn't appear any discernible time to terrorism set up the FBI special agent Kevin Ferrington.
I wonder if he was akin to a Bob Ferrington or Rick Ferrington or that Gonsa Mishbaja.
The man started yelling at the flight crew and other passengers and then it went from a verbal confrontation and became physical Ferrington said.
Remember I mentioned that last week, rambling willy and Bob Ferrington, remember that?
You.
And you said, oh yeah, I bet on that race.
A third.
Authorities wouldn't release the man's name or hometown.
He appears in federal district court in Orlando sometime today.
Ferrington would only say the man was in his forties and was, blah, blah, blah, blah, crazy in a bedbug.
Flight 457 was in Airbus A320 that took off from Logan International at 425 p.m. on Sunday, fully loaded with 156 passengers.
It was that ready to Orlando about 730 p.m. and continued down the four-loader day, finally touching down at 1120 p.m.
and left at 425 and it took him almost seven hours to get to Frickin' Four-loader day from Boston because of this jackass.
Officials would not describe the confrontation between the man and the crew.
Obviously, if we have to reach the reigning customers, it's pretty serious stuff, but it said, our flight attendant did by all the count.
An amazing job.
A crazy person ended for a four-loader day on how unusual.
Wonder for anybody we know.
We're coming home.
Hi!
I think there's any crazy people in South Florida who understand.
No.
847 votes on that poll, man.
It's kind of a disappointing number after those big, big fat ass numbers we threw in Air last week on Wednesday and Friday.
I didn't remember that or 1,500 during the show.
No, what?
You remember that?
Yeah.
God.
I bet you that Joe Bell was in there just dancing like Rumpel Stills can hop it up and on.
Oh my God, look, you guys are kicking big smelly ass.
Too bad we're not doing the same during most of our sports segments.
I'm sorry.
But aren't we at sports station?
Yeah, we are.
Oh, there's that idiot Spencer from New York.
He's got about as much chance of winning a Spencer the Car Wash guy.
And he's talking about people's looks.
Oh, I think so, because we're in the quarter.
What happened to him?
To report it.
Good.
And I said nothing of the life looks like a prune on a bad day.
Looks like a couple of those on a bad day in the desert.
But somebody read over his face.
Yeah.
With a Mack truck.
Anyway.
Well, what differences does it make?
Okay, I mean, she's the ice princess.
She's an astiol bitch and he ain't got no chance.
848 votes.
What's the worst thing about women like Hillary, for example, mood swings 171.
When you least expect it.
What's wrong with you?
Yeah.
I don't know where.
Non-stop bitching 155.
Ngging 104.
Oh, nagging is moving up nicely now that we both said we voted for that and rightfully so.
Think you put your glasses on.
Did you do this?
Did you do it?
How come you did that?
Why did you do that?
Oh, brother.
You're driving too fast.
They never say what they mean.
103.
Unrealistic expectations 96.
When they get saggy and sloppy 71.
You don't want to get to be like about 30.
I hate this pool.
69.
8.1%.
Much too high.
I'm pissed off about that.
Nothing.
They're all great.
27.
All women are great.
Never met your mother or mine.
I get it.
No sense of humor 23.
They never forget 19.
And rush to commitment 10.
After the first glance, they want to they want to ring.
They want to ring.
They want to Cadillac.
They want all your credit cards and all of these things.
854.
We got the thousand like just relax.
Don't get all whipped up about it, Josh.
Just because your team lost again yesterday.
Man, I shouldn't have said again.
They actually you were starting to make a little bit of a run there last week.
What about winning a game?
What about winning a game?
They pulled it right out of their ass right there at the end.
Would I feel gold right now?
A shocking victory last week.
All the big deal didn't mean Eagles lose to some girls.
Team yesterday?
Who they lose to?
They lost.
I got their lost.
Jacksonville.
That's right.
Oh my god.
Medi-aquity baby.
That's the name of the game.
That's the name of the NFL.
I'm not saying I don't enjoy my football.
But boy, it is so mediocre.
And don't tell me the Keynes lost the Georgia Tech.
The Randland wrecked from Georgia Tech on Saturday.
Because I wouldn't believe it.
All right, I did see the end of the game.
I didn't know when I could fumble the punt.
I was just, I was just squeezed myself.
I was so excited.
Oh yeah.
That was the end of the game, baby.
All over for the Keynes.
They suck.
I think Donna Shalately,
she ought to be taken out and tired and fed it for that loss, don't you?
Yes.
Because it's not a institution of learning of higher learning, lower learning,
intermediate learning.
It's a football university now.
It's what's become.
Thanks to Jimmy Johnson.
And a bunch of other maniacs.
I think the next day, maybe nearing your clothes if it often gets,
and out of the bear is pounded the crap out of very weak San Francisco yesterday,
about 182 to 10 or something like that.
Right, 41, technically.
Yeah.
And that being the case, although the 49ers really suck, but nevertheless,
the dolphins, of course, suck real bad too.
So what can only expect the game being right there in Chicago next week?
That the dolphins are going to get a wild,
I'm thinking 63 to zip sounds like a reasonable score to me.
Oh, and didn't one of Mad Dog's teammates die from the 72 dolphin team?
I don't know.
Yeah.
I'm sure he'll talk about it.
I don't, what's anybody ever heard of before?
Some football player died.
And Red Hour Box died.
Anybody remember Red?
No.
I remember one time when I was a kid.
My father took me to see a Rochester Royals Boston Celtic scheme.
Les Harrison, he was the bald coach of that.
I guess he had to be bald to be a coach, me and be a back in those days.
He was the bald Royals coach, and Red Hour Box was the Celtic coach.
And they got into a big argument with the referee about something.
Man, they were screaming and yelling and carrying on.
The two of them, you can see the veins popping in their forehead.
It was great.
There's a lesson for you.
Okay, don't be drinking a lot of booze and don't be smoking as big bad stogies every day,
or you only live for like 89, like Weinstein Churchill and Red Hour Box.
I don't think I've ever seen Red Hour Box without a big stogie in his mouth.
Do you, George?
What?
Now, how about Weinstein Churchill?
Look up and see how he was when he croaked.
Do a little Google on that.
Please?
Okay.
I got a couple of anti-Walmart stories, and it's just for George.
Oh, he's speaking of vans.
Oh, he's speaking to people that look really grotesque and are aging badly.
Woo!
She's the diva of divas, but Barbara Streisand apparently slipped in and out of a trendy Los
Los Olas Boulevard restaurant and for Lauderdale Saturday night with hardly anyone noticing.
Probably a couple of people are like poking each other in.
Who's that old bag?
There would have been like a panic, you know, people running, screaming.
Otea, I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I
I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I
I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I
I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I'm a- I
I'm a- I'm a-
You drag clean your carpets, they get out the dirt way down there deep in the fibers of
your carpet, which makes your carpets smell eminy fresh, look and feel just like brand
new, stay cleaner longer and last longer too.
And of course, your carpets are drying just a couple of hours so you really can clean
today and entertain the night when you call dry concepts.
Whether it's your expensive area rugs, your oriental rugs, your drapery furniture or
your carpeting, these are the people do a spectacular job for you every time, and now they've
got a plan to make frequent cleaning easy, it's just a fraction of the cost of regular
cleaning too.
You'll never have a dirty carpet again if you call dry concepts and they give you a
written guaranteed price up front before they start doing their unbeatable fabulous job.
In Broward, call dry concepts at 9.54, 370, 778, that's 9.54, 370, 778, in Dayton Palm Beach
Column Tool 3, 1-800-248-5071, and it's 1-800-248-5071, be sure and tell them that Hank
Guerrero sends you by when you call our good friends a dry concept.
And they look like women.
1, 2, 3, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 4, 4, 4, 4, 5, 10, 11, 12, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4,
4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 4, 4, 4, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 4, 4, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8,
right off their heads.
We're gonna fall around the clock tonight.
We're gonna fall around the clock tonight.
We're gonna fall around the clock tonight.
Oh, right.
I think they picked up the moment.
They picked up the moment.
They picked up the moment.
They picked up the moment.
They picked up the moment.
They picked up the moment.
They picked up the moment.
They picked up the moment.
They picked up the moment.
They picked up the moment.
They picked up the moment.
They picked up the moment.
They picked up the moment.
They picked up the moment.
They picked up the moment.
Panther inside of with Gully, that should have a big tune in audience from Doris'
attendee market in Pemberpines at 7 to 7 30.
And then Curtis at the B730 to 10 fall by the World Flaming Eddie Kaplan show.
That's our line of no games.
We got no Marlon games.
We got no Panthagin.
Panthas in the Sharks tomorrow.
Panthas in the Leafs at the Yannes Center on Thursday.
Be a lot of Leaf fans here for that game.
Trust me when I tell you.
887 votes on the pool.
I shared George's whipped up about doing some more hockey shows with your social
personal friend, Rimmer.
I'll call him right up there.
Yeah, call him right up there and tell him to spread some rumors about how my father died again.
Giving Walmart Environmental Award is obscene rights Janet Street Reporter in the Seattle
Post in Tel Avoncer.
She writes for the British Independent, by the way.
This is A.M.
Syndicate a column.
She writes for the Independent, a great newspaper in Britain, no less.
It's a good thing they got a great newspaper.
As the world gone mad, Janet wants to know in New York last week the supermarket chain Walmart
received an award for its contribution to the environment from the Hollywood filmmakers,
Bob and Harvey Weinstein.
It is true that a year ago Walmart reacted to criticism that focused on a range of
issues from their employees paying conditions to the devastating effect they have had on
town centers across America by announcing a raft of environmentally themed initiatives.
Walmart announced they reduced energy use in their stores by 30%.
Not 30, man.
Over three years, use more fuel efficient trucks, cut down on packaging and recycle carrier bags.
But hold on a minute, by building vast warehouses carrying a huge range of stock and
slashing prices, which inevitably lead to smaller retail competitors going out of business,
and by conquering over thousands of acres of countryside in order to provide car parking around their
air-conditioned mammoth warehouses, these measures seem like pitiful window dressing.
Walmart's ruthless expansion has already played havoc with the planet in all sorts of ways.
The render is just as changing the kind of light bulbs they plug in and encouraging us to take
our own receptacles for our shopping, totally meaningless.
Walmart has not generally built up relationships with local growers and suppliers,
reducing carbon emissions in the process because it's committed to bringing produce to its
stores thousands of miles by road and air.
It sells cheap goods and clothing made in third world countries where wages are low in environmental
concerns, our secondary production cost.
The Weinstein's, who are Democrats, would be ashamed of sucking up to a monolith that has
closed ties to Republican Party.
The real reason for their bizarre decision to present Walmart this award is because the retailer
shifts 40% of all the bees sold in the U.S.
and the Weinstein's are at a producer series of films.
I think that it shifts 40% as that's what we're looking for.
Yeah, I think it should be shifts, but it's a shift.
And the Weinstein's had to produce a series of films for the family market, which would be sold only on DVD,
rather than shown at the box or office, so much worth of values as Janet.
The idea of nominating any supermarket chain for an environmental award is ludicrous
unless they're compelled to build all customer parking under or over their stores,
thus limiting the size of their footprint.
In other words, Walmart is like bigfoot.
Until they can demonstrate that a sizeable proportion of the goods on sale come from within the defined regional
or quality, until they remove all packaging other than that which is biodegradable, then there's no case to answer.
Supermarkets hold considerable retailing power, which could be used to educate customers
in exercising more concern for their environment.
Surprisingly, it is consumers who have taken lead in demanding organic food and environmentally friendly products, not the retailers.
Stores could, for example, insist that all their cheap clothing was made using fair trade fabrics and in conditions
where workers are properly paid and cared for, but they don't.
The bottom line is the balance sheet and profit for their shareholders.
A report published last week shows that resources have been used 25% faster than the planet can renew them,
giving an environmental award to Walmart is an obscenity to which I would say,
Absolutely correct, Janet.
How do you like that?
Yeah, then.
Environmental Award My Ass.
And that's a big award, man, a big ass award.
Well, we are almost to 900 in the pool.
I think we got a thousand liquefied by one o'clock.
And after that, it's all gravy.
Hop on that gravy train, man.
And Laura's Halloween, the only thing wrong with Halloween is that everybody eats all that candy and gets sick of their stomach.
Yeah.
Now, if you want to be environmentally, if you want to be nice to the kids that come knocking on the door,
it's not a given a bunch of candy bars.
Put something good in there, you know, like some little boxes of cereal with all the sugar in it.
Okay.
Well, no, I mean, so a lot of holidays have good food, okay?
Halloween is not one of them.
No, I just can't.
Like in Poland, we took the other day of Halloween is fun.
And yeah, that's for kids.
You know what, a yellow egg given?
What?
Coming up Turkish taffy.
Oh, that'll pull their teeth out.
Yeah.
Yeah, pull all the fillings out and then rot their teeth.
Dennis, do you like your lot?
They'll come to your house and leave you a check.
I got a Mary Jane here.
Well, oh, I love those.
Man, I haven't had one of those in a year.
Oh, I'll mail it to you.
What are the color marbles?
From just the vanilla wrappers.
Oh, God.
Where the hell do you find those?
We don't have them, Mary Jane.
You're not talking about Mary Jane Candy, bars man.
Candy's.
You're talking about Mary Jane that you're putting in your big fat bong there.
No, no, this is not the same candy.
Yeah, the only Mary Jane you know.
Where the hell would you find them?
Do they even make those anymore?
Remember when we were talking about all that candy somebody brought to a mid?
Like a rat pack.
Who brought it in?
I don't know, somebody.
It's made by Neko.
I'm reading the label over here.
Neko wafer is made.
Yeah.
It wasn't a long time.
I do love Neko wafer.
They're not really very good, but for some reason they're, you know, because they're pure
sugar.
And so you take the role of Neko wafer and you start eating one or two and then you want,
I can't stand the black ones.
I threw it away.
Oh, oh.
I threw it away.
What?
I threw that candy thing away.
It was sticky.
Well, I got the young plate.
Well, I got the young plate.
Yeah, like melting.
Well, don't you remember I told you about that when we did that show and I think I saved that crap.
And my pile here.
I didn't save too much.
It's a little bit of stuff that's eaten ancient.
Almost as ancient as I am.
My fingers are sticky and not in a good way.
Yeah, I asked that.
I told you Josh was going to come in and give you a kiss.
I didn't tell you to get that period away.
I don't, I think I threw that away.
I shamed candy.
Because I can find it again.
But I tried to say that last week that when we did that thing about the best candy of all
time and I found that website that where you can order all your favorite candy even if it's not
made anymore.
Okay.
And we had sure, it wasn't that the chicken eggs somebody complained about the fact that they bought
some for somebody and it was spoiled.
It was older than the hills.
It was older than the hills.
Yeah.
So the fact you got a Mary Jane there is probably a, I think they still make them.
I don't know.
I don't, I don't need no.
I'm going to.
And what is that in the inside of those is like maple syrup or something?
What's in the center?
Sure.
Taste maple leaf.
Oh seriously, maybe it's new.
Oh, Mary Jane, the comic.
I don't want, oh geez, I hate this.
Okay, I'm Google.
Oh, here you go.
Mary Jane's candy weight is a kid question mark.
And there's pictures of them and they got the yellow wrap with little red thing around them.
Yeah, just threw it away.
Oh no.
Little bite size peanut butter and molasses.
Oh.
That's what it says.
Even though your ass is Mr. molasses.
Molasses is now.
A box of 160 is 999.
Oh, this must be that website.
Oldtimecontinue.com.
That's the one.
Yeah.
A box of 160 is 999.
Case of 12 6 ounce bags is 1499.
Oh, that's what I need.
I need that like as they say and sweeten a locking coat.
Like a hole in the head.
Mary Jane's candy memories.
I remember when I was very young.
It says we lived way out in the sticks in South Carolina.
We were extremely poor on our birthdays.
We really received any, rarely received any gifts or cake.
I do remember that there was a little country store we had to walk to.
Little store was run by an elderly couple.
I only remember calling them Mr. and Mrs. Gray.
I remember we were so clear now that Mr. and Mrs. Gray always gave us kids a small penny bag full of Mary Jane's.
Oh, man.
By the time we shared the legacy of the time back.
Yeah, time back of Mary Jane.
That's what George wants for his birthday.
Sure.
So that's what I'm going to send you this year instead of a check I'm going to send you like a bag of Mary Jane's.
That's good.
Yeah.
How about a brick of hash?
Weinstein Church, by the way, for all you people smoking on big stodies out there, he only lived in 90.
Yeah.
I found that out, but you know, you won on other things.
I went under another rant.
Well, you started with a Mary Jane, you know how hard it.
Last week you were talking me on the ice cream which I resisted.
I kept my on.
Oh.
I couldn't stop that.
I could find that for a Kit Kat ice cream.
I told you I got that it falls you and I got the ice cream shop in a casino there.
Oh, man, that was good.
And it's bizarre because I don't like Kit Kat candy bars at all.
Not in the least bit.
Oh, fat, fooey.
I'm about half a go over to the minion little later.
I'm like after the show and find me a half a gallon of Kit Kat ice cream if they got it.
And then maybe some Mary Jane's.
Now you tell me they still sell those or what?
I don't know.
No way.
Get out of here.
You're crazy for Kit Kat somewhere.
They must.
What?
They must still sell them.
Well, during the break I'm going to research it.
No, after the show I'm going to have some of that lope curve pasta.
There you go.
You know the people who came to sell that might be promoted.
Get yourself back on track.
Right.
915 votes on the pool, man.
What's the worst thing about women and men?
It's not an easy choice.
Some of these names of the best salad services.
Yeah.
The most radio 560 issue a.m.
Mrs. Mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q.A.M.
The father of a 1 year old Malaria and boy reportedly adopted by Madonna.
So he's happy his son is escaping poverty.
Local officials say the pop star pants are adopted for child while she is in the country.
Visiting a project that she funds for a bill for us.
The relatives say the star and her husband die, which he are to adopt David Bander.
Maybe they had been confusion with the name Donna.
Donna is colloquial for rich women and Madonna is star.
I still have things I want to do.
Things I want to say.
You know, people want to hear it, then that's great.
When two mother we the other night, the material girl, she wants a kid who's from another nation.
Her and I felt that it was right since Brad and Angelina when they gave her the menstruation.
I've always thought my kids are around the world.
It doesn't pay that one of the world's richest superstars is adopted a 13 month old boy.
I'm a kid I'm free.
I'm a child before I die.
I'm a Catholic.
Her husband is 26.
We are closely on the lulls and it's getting tight.
She can do it.
She's a second Catholic in the village.
You hate to like boys and wish that the plane would crash with you on it.
Anyway, it's level three.
That's our QA on sports time.
You know who I really love and you're the one that inspired me to look this up?
I love Neko.
Okay.
I never knew it till this moment.
It says Neko is a New England confectionary company.
That's what that stands for.
How do I know that?
Did not.
They should start back to the summer of 1847 if the oldest multi-line candy company in the USA.
Neko, new corporate world headquarters in Reverse Mass, manufacturers, timeless candy classics, such as Neko Wafers, Sweet Hearts, Conversation Hearts, Mary Jane, Clark Bars,
Oh, my favorite.
Mighty Maltz, Havelin, Thin Mints, and Candy House Candy Buttons.
Clark Bars are my favorite.
Oh, what I wouldn't give her like a box full of Clark Bars.
And you can get them, of course.
Yeah, but don't know.
No, I will not.
Anyway, this oldtimecandy.com, which is a start of the whole candy thing.
And as I recall, the audience didn't like that thing at all.
I thought it was fun.
That's why they didn't like it.
But oldtimecandy.com did have a kosher candy list.
Oh, click on the candy name for pictures, packet size, and pricing.
Where they're trying to pedal.
What I don't understand is, where the hell did they get it from?
In other words, if there's a candy on this list that hasn't been manufactured since the Jesus was a baby, where the hell did they get it from?
And how come it isn't like older, you know what I mean?
I'll spoil and rotten like they're Mary Jane used.
You threw it away?
I threw it away. It was sticky on the outside.
It's been here for like a month or six.
Yeah, if it's sticky on the outside, man, run like hell on the candy, too.
These are all kosher candies.
So maybe you could have these on Paisa, huh?
Would I make them paste it if he can't even know what that was?
It's so terrible.
All this crap.
I'm not.
A hundred grand.
And then that tells you the kosher status like Circle U, KSA Parv, the markings on the packets that make, so you know for danger that it's, yeah.
What does that use stand for?
It stands for Shut Up and Keep Eating.
Three musketeers, Fifth Avenue.
Oh, I haven't had one of those in a long time.
Amazama.
Anus squares or is that Anus?
Baby Ruth.
I mean, that song was a baby Ruth by George Hamilton IV.
No, no, no, no, no.
On ABC Paramount Records, I remember like I was just yesterday and then I always thought that this George Hamilton who can't act his wet of a paper's sect.
I thought that was George Hamilton IV, but it's not.
You know, George Hamilton, he was in Godfather III.
Yeah, yeah.
He played the concert yet.
He won't have that song, by the way.
What's that?
Baby Ruth's song you're talking about.
I don't know.
Anyway, banana split, big bruiser job breaker.
Oh, God, I love those job breakers.
The ones that were real real hot.
Oh, made it by the time you got to the middle of like burn your tongue out.
It's a bit of honey.
That's one of my favorites.
Black Lich, that's made by Nestle, but honey.
That's a surprise because Nestle is generally sucks.
Black liquorish dollars, I don't know what the hell it is.
Bob Sweets drives Minster's Butterfinger.
Oh, Nestle makes those.
I love Nestle.
Don't you love Butterfinger?
I love Butterfinger.
I had some of them yesterday.
Get out of here.
I had two.
Chico's little chocolate babies.
Oh, we've seen too many of those.
Chuckles.
I have chuckles.
Those squares, you know, those are awful.
Chunky.
That's hard.
Double bubble gum.
Good and plenty.
Good and plenty of this crap.
I love these places.
Good and plenty of this.
Good and plenty of this.
Get the movie theater, man.
Yeah, I'll take your portion.
I'll take your portion.
I'll take your portion.
Hershey's, I don't like liquorish.
Hershey's kisses.
Hershey's milk chocolate bar.
Honeycomb peanuts.
It's a boy-bulk hard candy.
JuJu-bees.
Or you start with that.
JuJu-bees.
Well, that figure's to be quotient.
JuJu-fr-juji fruits.
Kit-cat.
Oh, man.
How about a Schmidt-cat?
Laffy-tapy liquorish babies.
This list goes on for M&M peanut.
M&M plain milk does.
Milky Way, M&J.
Nestlees.
Oh, god.
What kind of a fool goes out and buys a Nestlees chocolate bar?
How many years since you bought one of those?
I hope a long time.
Yeah, a long time.
Oh.
I mean, Hershey bars another right home about it.
Except the new ones with the almonds in the toffee in them.
But Nestlees.
I like butterfinger.
Someone to have a bar.
Non-parels.
What do you mean you're going to have a bar?
Someone to have a candy bar.
It's going to be a butterfinger, yeah.
Oh.
Don't drop it.
Don't be a little break.
Oh, Henry.
Payday.
Peanut brittle.
Plainers peanut bar.
Red raspberry dollars.
Red vines black liquorish bars.
And liquorish toys.
Red vines original red bars and red toys.
Reese's peanut butter cup.
I hate Reese's Pieces.
Rollo.
Well, you know what's talked about Rollo ice cream.
Okay.
Big chunks of Rollo ice cream.
Reese's Pieces have no chocolate in it.
That I can find.
Really?
It's just peanut butter coated with peanut butter.
I hate peanut butter.
Root beer barberals.
I like those.
And floats.
Lick-risk Scotty dogs.
Red vines black liquorish and strawberries.
Saltwater taffy.
Sixlets.
Sky bar.
Snickers.
Snowcaps.
Our food balls.
Squirrel muts.
I don't know squirrels.
I don't know.
Stick candy.
Super ropes.
You know.
Walnettos.
What's it going to call it?
Wopper's Agnut and Zero.
Those are the kosher candy bars.
Corn new.
Old time candy duck.
Why did you give me stir it on this again?
Because I'm saying.
And what was that Roger's candy that somebody ordered online?
Remember I told you how good it was?
Yeah.
Remember that?
What the hell was that?
I'm going to Google it in the next break.
But you know what?
You have to put it in a peanut brittle.
No, it was what?
It was peanut brittle.
No, it's not.
Okay.
No, it was like chocolate on the outside.
It's crunchy.
I'm obsessed with it.
Like toffee on the inside.
Mm-hmm.
I'm just addicted to that.
I have nothing with sugar when I'm addicted to.
I don't care what anybody says, man.
There is nothing more addictive.
I don't care whether it's heroin, whether it's.
How do you name it?
Right.
There's nothing on a planet that is more addicted.
Just take a look at what's his name's arm there?
What's his name's arm?
Spiritly to.
Oh, it's Spiritly to.
Well, that purple arm.
And think about that.
And then think about sugar.
Think about this.
And then think about this.
And then think about how you can eat only one.
Right.
So if I go into the store, I'm going to get a candy bar.
I'll get three.
There's no doubt.
You're addicted to sugar.
Yeah.
I am.
I can't stop.
If I eat one, it's like a crispy cream doughnuts.
I can't eat one.
I've got to have three.
I don't know what that one's all about.
I can just tell you.
I can't stop.
Right.
There it is.
It rose into baby roothed.
I love it.
We had a quarrel.
A quarrel.
A quarrel.
A quarrel.
Now I must do as I know how to be.
Yeah, I think blue is the word for him, but in the past things.
Okay, that's enough.
944 votes on a full list.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
I'm going to have to do that.
But then again, you probably don't mind.
But then again, you probably don't mind.
And by the way, George,
there have been remarkable shaving instruments called razor.
And by the way, George, there have been remarkable shaving instruments called razor.
And by the way, George, there have been remarkable shaving instruments called razor.
And by the way, George, there have been remarkable shaving instruments called razor.
And by the way, George, there have been remarkable shaving instruments called razor.
And by the way, George, there have been remarkable shaving instruments called razor.
And by the way, George, there have been remarkable shaving instruments called razor.
I don't think Carol Stadis is eminent Johnny, so get a real job.
And there is this on my right, Rod Stewart's newest release, Forever Younged.
And for a moment, I thought it was a song about me, Forever Hon.
And now, a time for a long distance dedication.
It comes to us from a listener in Pasadena, California to write to their Casey.
I'm 16 years old, President of my class, I'm six foot through, I've blonde hair,
I've blonde hair, I've blonde hair, I've blonde hair, I've blonde hair, I've blonde hair, I've blonde hair, I've blonde hair, I've blonde hair, I've blonde hair, I've blonde hair and blonde hair.
And to follow this same outfit in the mirror are—
In the mirror are so pretty, I've bleached my hair, tear my hair, tear my hair, tear my hair, tear my hair , tear my hair, tear my hair , tear my hair,
and make my hair make my hair like this.
I've bleached my hair, tear my hair, tear my hair , tear my hair, tear my hair, tear my hair , tear my hair, tear my hair, tear my hair, tear my hair, draw my hair.
The funny past noticed Q. I'm a sports time mad dog or two don't forget that he's back today. He's back
967 votes on a pool tonight. I'd say we'd have a thousand by one o'clock easy easy. We'll slide into it
unchecked global warming world devastated world economy on the scale of the world wars and the great depression made your British reports
Is today? How do you like that? I thought it was just economy pinco plot isn't that what you're right wing?
Fascist they're telling us coming stuff
Introducing the before British Prime Minister Tony Blair said unabated climate change would cost the world between
5 and 20% of global gross domestic product each year speaking of gross man
You got that candy on my mind now bad big time. I don't want no candy
Okay, don't do it. We're not gonna get some Mary James
Blair called for bold and decisive action
Nicholas during a senior government economist said that acting not a country in house gas emissions would cost about 1% of global GDP each year
The evidence shows that ignoring climate change will eventually damage economic growth since during
700 page report the first major effort to quantify the economic cost of climate change
Maybe I could get that entire report and have a Josh put it on our website. It's only 700 pages on speaker that by the way
We're a little bit short on stories lately. So Josh is decided. I'm gonna give out that website. Yeah
The new story email address
Some critics claim the prime minister is using Canada's position within the treaty the Kyoto Treaty to undermine it
Acting on behalf of Washington which has little influence in Kyoto negotiations because the US of course is not part of the protocol
Under the 1997 Kyoto Accord 35 industrial countries committed to reducing emissions by an average 5% below 1990 levels by
2012 we should live so long but Britain is one of only a handful of industrialized countries whose greenhouse gas emissions are full in last one and a half decades
You when said today the you when said Germany's emissions dropped 17% between 1990 and 2004
Britain's by 14% and France is by almost 1% overall there was a 2.4% rise
Animations by 41 industrialized countries from 2000 to 2004 that was playing most of the informer Soviet blood countries
Whose emissions declined in the economic downturn of the 1990s then increased by 4.1% during the most recent four-year period
The British government is considering a new green tax on cheaper airline flights fuel and high-mission vehicles as well
How do you like that a new green tax?
Mm-hmm
You just you've missed my mind up with that candy stuff you brought it up
How I did all right you started with a Mary Jane crap you started it and I noticed it where did it come from?
I don't know from before from whenever that package came in well that's like a year ago
And I'm using it's oozing molasses. Oh, that sounds good
I open that thing I check it fact Mary Jane is very much like it's a long the same line
I so it's no surprise that the same maker makes them I guess a bit of honey. Oh right very similar
It's not the same maker bit of honey is made by Nestle except for that molasses
Molasses sticky. Yeah good stuff
Can you imagine getting your blood sugar up to about 50 easy? I got a crap they'd like a pig all week and they get 975
Oh, Santa Paul I'm down to about one 93 and change
I think it was one 93.4 something like that who votes the point and I may not be the greatest number ever
But that's not bad after a recent picking up including your ice cream induced picking up
God once you started with that of course that was that was thanks to our friends at the Ferrell's ice cream in the Jackson Jackson
In Daniel in Jackson Michigan. Mm-hmm. I was good. It was well worth it
I guess it had to price now do you guys take any home like a couple of tubs or not? Oh, yeah
No, I took a couple of tubs home in the hot dogs that that we were talking about the weeners from home
I haven't eaten yet, but I took a bunch of them you went investigate Israel's uranium weapons
The UN environmental program is investigating allegations first published in the British independent that Israel may have used
uranium-based weapons during the summer's war in lesbian on
20 UN experts working with Lebanese environmentalists have spent two weeks
Decacing various samples and planning to report their findings in December. We should all live so long
Vuktras Alahar
Harb a UNF's Middle East director total Lebanese radio interview over the weekend
If uranium was used we will find out and we will announce it
We can't confirm anything now, but we'll wait for the results
Yesterday Israel issued its most explicit denial yet. Mayor Avatar Libovitz a
Spokesman spoke to one for the Israel Defense Forces said we deny using any weapons containing uranium
One official suggested that if the environmentalists had indeed found presence of uranium they would have looked for a different explanation
Chris Bosby the Scientific Secretary of the European Committee on Radiation Race
Ra-Risk based in Brussels reported last week that two serial samples thrown up by Israeli bombs in the South Lebanese villages of Kiam and Optri theory
centers of fierce fighting between Israel and his blah showed elevated radiations signatures
Dr. Bosby warned that particles from the explosions were long lived in the environment and could be inhaled in the lungs
causing significant health effects on civilians just like those cluster bomblets that have significant health if I like death
Yeah, oops side effects include death the Harwa laboratory. What if that's named after Ernie Harwell?
The Harwa laboratory from aspect of
Traumatry in Oxfordshire confirmed the concentration of uranium isotopes in the samples
But the European experts were puzzled by what the weapons is your might have been using and why
Chris Bellamy I wonder if he's kin to a Ralph Bellamy or Brian Bellamy
Chris Bellamy a professor military science and
Doctor of Crannfield University said initial test present and enigma
But in this misspeculation that is it was using a dirty bomb or a micro-year nuclear weapon
What I like that
The rest of those is ready to pick out that stuff you know where they got it from don't you
Uh, I just mentioned that in passing because like I said, it's one of Bush Bush might use
Biggest hobbies is killing people these good religions man. They're killing us with kindness. They're killing anybody they can with kindness
977 on a poll
I was very touching that we had that article in the hero yesterday about the morning show about the um
Kimmy and Bo and no mo morning show and thank god they didn't write anything about ratings
It's much too premature you know you're such a hard-ass picking on those guys because they had a point nine in September
Their first full month on a year doing that show. I mean you got to realize that the entire audience from before the hopper
They followed him in the afternoon both of those two share numbers
So that we're like starting from scratch we're scratching it
So if you give these guys a couple months and then they're like come January we'll bring in a real show
The biggest name of the best challenge to the thesis is the O'Rodgers for radio 560 issue A
ah
Your god, hey dude are you smelling? Yeah, if I'm smelling there's no telling Ellen there ain't no smelling where my feet are
Dueling that's because these hip-kawakations are wearing doctors smalls outer eaters. Yo, are you smelling if I'm smelling
Lock me up like a felon might be used to be smelling like rotten melon if you took a wiff your eyes would start
Well, people worry about it until I stop smelling doctor
Schmell's odor eater insoles are the best way to stop foot odor and the best way to rip off our gel and add yo
Kellen are you sure?
No, I'm not smelling
Man you are so smelling when it comes to smelling your ex-cell
The reasons for you to stop smelling are compelling doctor
Schmell's odor eater insoles available at your local drugstore. That's where they're selling
That's all I've been telling you
Comforty one and five sixty w. That's our sports high-historicals a time
So anyway, you were close those Rogers candies were chocolate almond brittle. Okay. I googled it
Well, that's better the worst the worst thing I uncovered in this see there's nothing worse in the world than the internet
I used to think there was nothing better
But there's nothing worse too because if you want something you cannot only find it on there
But you're gonna have to live right here door no matter how lazy and fat and disgusting you are
If you got a few bucks to live right here door
It says do you love Rogers chocolates and the answer of courses is
Absolutely, are you hooked on our famous Victoria creams or symphony delicious chocolate almond brittle?
Then you won't want to miss Rogers chocolates newest creation premium ice cream. Oh my god
Oh made by our experienced candy makers never own chocolate factory
Rogers ice cream uses only the best ingredients that many of our chocolate fans will recognize
Ribbons of buttery caramel
Rogers chocolate almond brittle natural peppermint oil
Rogers dark and milk chocolate handmade ginger snaps
Rogers classic truffles
Rogers
Candied brown ginger and dark chocolate and chewy brownies for your brownie hands and as that if that word enough
Rogers ice cream is made with 13% real cream pure vanilla and no additives are preservatives
Rogers ice cream are available at most Rogers stores and it's sam's deli in Victoria a oh my god
Rogers stores
Oh, and then they also have no sugar ad of candies which will keep you real busy all day
Because i'm sure they're loaded with maltitol and sorbitol sugar crap it all
Wow, and there's a picture here of a Rogers ice cream sandwich
There's got like chunks of something in the ice cream now
Not sure if you're playing a little pedestrian ice cream sandwich which those are all that bad to be on spinning
You ever going to convenience store and get like half a dozen of those? No
See you're not addicted to sugar like I am or ice cream
Yeah, but the sugar didn't stop in hooking back on the Friday though
No, that was the reports i was getting ice cream sandwiches have chocolate around worthless vanilla
Yeah, well that's chat. Why don't I eat sugary vanilla?
About the flying saucers they have a carvelle
I mean they've got like ice cream sandwiches around like different kinds of ice cream like chocolate. Okay, I'll take it
Mm-hmm. You ever get a flying saucer? Not lately
Newspaper circulation continues. It's slide nobody in their brother-in-law is reading newspapers anymore
That's why it's a damn good thing. I'm here on a year reading the newspaper, you know it
The Mimey Herald posted steep circulation declines over the past six months
Outpacing other big city metro dailies and other way it says outpacing in other words the slide was bigger
Outpacing and the national average according to figures released today by the audit bureau
Circulations and this for get what's guess well website is from the Herald from the six months ending September 30 week
They newspaper circulation soften by 2.8% compared to the same period a year ago
Continuing a trend that's accelerated in recent years with the use of the internet huh can't find no margins ice cream in the Herald
I guarantee that the Mimey Herald posted a dive of 9.8% in its Sunday circulation and
8.8% Monday through Friday dropping like a rock how do you like that dropping like a rock?
Mm-hmm the Sun Central saw smaller slides the four-letter-yled daily split 5.4% on Sunday and 2% on weekdays
Spanish language daily on the waybo here, which George demands they step leaving on his stoop they have good
Finally showed declines at 2% on Sunday and 3% almost 3% on weekdays nationwide Sunday circulation fell 3.4%
And daily drop 2.8% but the Herald is up tourist baby the circulation is drop it like a rock a rock
995 on the poll there's that anxious phony Joe Scarborough that pasty floored a congressman around MSNBC
What is again in play? Yeah play this you idiot you quizzling you fairy
I like this article like Dr. Jerry lower how much lower can you go
I'm the smirking champion says how many years for Bush and Cheney Paul Craig Roberts has recently asked a provocative question
One if Enron skilling gets 24 years in prison. Why see that's a footnote thing
If Enron skilling gets 24 years in prison. How many should Bush and Cheney get?
There's no way to answer this question of course except in the hypothetical
So let's firstly get factual memory can get hypothetical in the interest of America a medic in justice
Factually the Bush administration is the worst thing that's happened in America in the past two centuries
Indulangically it's 180 degrees off course and pursuing an incomprehensible agenda in the interest of the corporate demeaning of America
In the interest of a global US economic hegemony hegemony
Why is it that all of a sudden since about two months ago? I can't say that word anymore. You forgot?
Talk to Andy. I didn't forget about the candy though about those Mary James
Mm that molasses just dripping down your chin the Bush administration justifies itself with partnering to Old Testament
Roman values and world views which in has no intention of allowing to influence its neo-fascist agenda
The extent to which the Bush administration will go to maintain its agenda is not so hypothetical
Given the past half decade of Bush and E policies
We can rest assured that the Bush administration will go far beyond anything
resembling reasoning common sense of which the Bush administration has no defyable grasp
These are the sorry facts of the matter about which we may now get hypothetical
The American deaths of 9-11 have been avenged by several orders of magnitude
Afghanistan is in a shambles or some have been lawd remains footloose and the Taliban are making a resurgence
Palestine and Lebanon are in a shambles erect never having possessed weapons of mass destruction or having supported been lawd
Is advancing away from democracy toward a Shiite partition
To be sure it's not possible to democratize any nation under the values of Judaism
Old Testament Romanism or Islamism there simply is no historical present for such occurrence
Hypothetically then we can ask what happens when the Bush administration fails in its efforts to establish a democracy in Iraq
Hypothetically we can ask what happens when the Bush administration becomes further entangled in the middle of Iraqi civil wars
What happens when the Bush administration takes preemptive action on Iranian nuclear facilities
What happens in the case of Middle East nuclear meltdown involving all three branches of Arab-Abrahamic religion?
Abrahamic regardless of how the end of times for religion and capitalism come to be played out
The end of times will be planned under the result of blind self-righteousness on the part of the Abrahamic religions
To which we say oh
The end result will almost certainly involve criminal charges and impeachment proceedings against the Bush administration's main players for crimes against the people
We're now in a position to consider hypothetical punishments given the enormity of the crimes the most appropriate punishment in Bush's born again
Old Testament Romanize a course will be like in prism and or death
We must remember however that we are Americans. We know that death never solved anything
We know that incarceration has solved them solved anything
Even so we can embrace the common sense that says some people just need to be locked up
Then they can be on lockup on MSNBC which here is 80 times a night
Because this administration was appointed to office as opposed to being elected into office
The people have no obligation for further physical support of these criminals
Somewhere in a brushy region of Texas or in lower New Orleans
The American people may build George's W Bush the George's W Bush penal colony for intellectually bankrupt and morally corrupt un-American politicians
It will provide a separate gated and guarded community with small one bedroom rental apartments for its occupants spouses
Welcome all inmates would be required to work for a living to pay for their own food lodging and utilities just like everybody else in America
They would do so at the current federal minimum wage no other sources of income allowed for the members of the Bush administration
It's the most appropriate to have poverty and immobility imposed upon them for their durations
This would constitute a punishment based on compassion instead of vengeance
Americans are not a mean and vindictive people once we've seen the wandering human rights and operationally meaningful concepts of fairness equality and justice for all people in America
No one will need to be punished beyond the level experienced by the poorest Americans under religious capitalism
Abraham is on the other hand of Bush coming to realize the end of times straight underneath his own administration's policies and programs
Perhaps he will still save the American people a lot of trouble by simply offing himself with Sodom Hussein's pistols for their ultimate touch of irony
How do you like that?
Mm-hmm Abraham Abrahamic religions don't you love that?
I got one in the backyard what a pistol and Abrahamic no
Swinging it. Oh all the time. Oh
Always knew it was a swinger
1240 20 to 1 that's our QAM sports time. How about them?
Hurricanes baby. How come that's off and oh didn't lose no game yesterday because they didn't play one
I guarantee if they'd have played a game yesterday they'd have lost it
They'd have played a pick up game with a bunch of Sandlock kids. They've lost it
They're a losing kind of team because they got a losing kind of coach next day
But an immediate hates him like poison man. You don't come to town open up a big mouth and like you know turn on everybody in the media
Am I right? Huh when you're in a position like next saven
I think the saven area is just about over and I think after the bear is cremated that often the next week in Chicago
I think that'll be the end whether he gets canned or not that reads to be seen
But I'm just talking about symbolically that will be then be like putting a stake through Dracula's heart remember that?
Oh, yeah, remember professor about Helsing
but
A thousand and twelve votes in that pool man. We are really off to the races trust me. There's that obnoxious patent cannon
Breaking photo of that little girl in Arlington and her father who was a virginian
I wonder if Raleigh is gonna write him in again
What about those old Jews and Palm Beach? You think you're gonna try to vote for Buchanan?
We're getting 2008 that'll be great
19 to 1 a QA and experience the difference at Mercedes-Benz of Pompato
And don't forget at Mercedes-Benz of Pompato
It doesn't matter what time of want to purchase a vehicle because you're always gonna get an unbeatable deal
Whether it's one of the brand new 2007 Mercedes-Benz luxury sedans the 2007 GL class the first Mercedes-Benz full-size SUV
Or their large selection certified pre-owned cars when you choose Mercedes-Benz of Pompato
You've got over 200 employees dedicated providing you in comparable service offering expressed lube
courtesy vehicles and complimentary car wash too
Make an appointment through our business development center
And don't forget you can even earn dealer miles just like frequent flyer miles to with your airline
Bros Mercedes-Benz of Pompato is in direct. So you'll find over 150 great new and pre-owned vehicles
Or just go to venspompato.com on the wicked web
Experience the amazing difference at Mercedes-Benz of Pompato
You'll find them at i95 and Copens Road Column at 1-800 new bans in EWB ENZ
That's 1-800 new bans for Mercedes-Benz of Pompato and Mercedes-Benz
These are like no other
The biggest name subbeds talent to the fastest wheel roach versus 4-Tradio 560 humm
Back in the church
Absolutely
Cheers
Woo
Ha ha, here's my new gun, pony, my pony.
You're fairie.
I haven't seen much fun with you, fun trolley.
Ha ha, here's a jelly-crackers can't be far behind now.
Yeah.
I'm looking on the two J's menu.
I just found this on the bottom of my pile.
Meet loaf melt.
It's a sandwich, man.
Like a patty melt.
Anyway, I see meatloaf melt on the menu.
Do you need to eat there?
No, I didn't eat there.
I have.
Yeah, it's great.
Yeah, it's very good.
Well, they have stuffed cabbage too, man.
There's one of that meal-crime-place coral springs.
Empatata pancakes.
There's one right there in the low-medium cramp-place of the plantation.
Right there in university.
Right by that little doggy place.
I can't go over there when I'm down there.
I can't go by that doggy place because I see them little puppies in the window.
And I owe me.
I see a little puppies and I want to buy at least a couple of them and bring them home.
You know?
Can't have no dogs here where I am, so that would be bad.
I don't even have dogs here.
Wouldn't that be a bad surprise to leave somebody a couple of puppies?
Yeah.
Look what's all over your carpet and get dry concepts in here again right away, like every week.
I don't want to go back to that again.
You know, you know, I love dogs, but I just don't want to go through all of it again.
Maybe someday.
This is a really interesting thing.
Annie Groer in the Washington Post.
Who do I tip and how much?
Let's start asking some French Canadians.
Who do you tip and how much?
The gender name of the bay that I own.
Yes, the best out of this man.
Oh, barbara.
They are the worst and frogs.
It says, sure, we all know the custom.
Tip the candy, the way Tristabarber.
And we generally agree on the math.
15% one standard is now pushing 20%.
In a restaurant, if I get just even halfway decent service, I would leave 20%.
Me too.
It's easier math anyway.
Yeah.
If I get spectacular service, I might even leave like 25.
Maybe even...
Not 30, man.
You know, if I like the waiter, we try to doubt.
But what about people who perform services in our homes?
The plumber, the window washer, the hooker, the movers who all up and so up two flights to stairs?
The carpenters and painters who can begin to feel like family during big remodeling projects.
Ask a dozen people whom they tip and why.
And you're likely to get a dozen different answers.
So see, Rimmer never has to worry about the tip because he's not picking up to check anyway.
What's this fax I'm getting here?
Is this from you?
When you see some of these ads.
Oh, no.
There you are again.
If it isn't the food he's shoveling off on me, it's that bitch.
Well, that's enough to make me believe the appetite.
So it balances out.
That's right.
She can make anybody look.
But there's very hard to do.
Look at the over 100s.
Constitutional.
Oh, my God.
What Tom Fieler and a Harold did to poor Jerry Hart.
Of course he was asking for it.
Regarding the article on Morning Show, you just read, don't get too excited.
It was in the neighbor section in Broward, which perhaps three old forts read.
At the Streisand Concert and Sunrise, Pat Riley was there as were Dona Shalayli and Miss Fudge.
Miss Fudge was there.
Do you want me to sense?
Yeah.
And then I read on ESPN.com, an article about Red Hour Box Croaking, the article stress says,
I was enjoying the Streisand Concert and Florida when I heard the bad news, written by Dick Bytale.
Have these people no shame?
No.
They don't.
Well, what am I not supposed to give to a Senate about?
The fact that people are paying these wild prices to go see that pig?
No.
The fact that Pat Riley was there or Dona Shalayli?
Or Miss Fudge?
Yeah.
She figures to be a barber Streisand.
All the queens would go to see that.
All the real screamers, Matt, all the closet cases like Miss Fudge, some routinely give extra cash to anyone who helps them out, some never do,
in the way that opposites attract their occasionally married to each other.
The rules for tipping for household services appear totally arbitrary.
Especially this time of the year, think fall planning and tourist boosting up pre-hollity deliveries, generosity can amount up fast.
Call me old-fashioned, but I always tip the people who come to my house to perform a service as Lily T. Arena,
and information security specialist in Virginia.
I believe that most of the people who do service type of jobs are not highly compensated, so I always give them a tip.
One of the first things I do at Woodbine when I go there?
That.
We're not necessarily always the first thing, but I go to the cashier window and I'll take like a $10 bill and say, give me $10 loonies.
There you go.
Loonies a dollar coin.
See, George isn't even taking it back by that.
No, so you got some of the tip.
So I got like, because there are no coins anymore, now that we have the tickets and all the machines, there are no more coins.
What I used to do was take like a $20 and go to a dollar machine and like, you know, cash out the and get all the coins.
But they don't got no coins, no more.
So I go to the window.
There's nothing that bugs me more.
Well, there are a lot of things that bug me more like the smelly obnoxious people like that Italian bitch.
But, oh, I'm like a magic magnet.
I attract these people like honey, a trace bee.
Maybe she wants you.
Yeah, right.
Well, you look like a money bag.
Yeah, the bag's part.
And opposing point of view, no, I do not tip those who mold my lawn clean my gutters, wash my windows, deliver furniture, fix the furnace, renovate the kitchen, upgrade the wiring, says Cindy Gilbert of Adelphine Maryland, a management a list of the federal office of personnel management.
If so, I'd be dead broke from all the tipping and offer the tipping plumbers electricians, you reasons charge out of this world prices for their services.
They're travel time and it's such rates.
I'm sure they already include an hefty tip for themselves anyway.
See, in Europe, they are one of the, I mean, they may hate Americans in general, but one of the reasons they like us is because Americans being stupid, we don't realize the tip is already included in the price in the chat room.
So, generally, because we, you know, feel guilty, we always leave like extra, but not too much.
Even me, I always leave like an extra euro or two or a couple, whatever, you know, change our gun.
Spenser Levine, or is that Levine of suburban Maryland, communication director for nonprofit organization is somewhere in the murky middle.
We tip the pizza delivery guy and the kids we shovel snow from the driveway, even if they don't do an especially good job because they're kids.
I never even had a house painting as a service for which I would tip.
And the same way I'm not going to tip the hundred of the ship when I buy a car.
After a pause, yes, are we doing something wrong?
Tipping the dealership when you buy a car, whoever heard of that.
That me, of course, his name is Levine or Levine.
Perhaps we will find clarity among those working closely in the home service industry.
No such luck.
Typically, plumbers don't get tip of painters do.
There's no rhyme or reason for it's as Angie Hicks, who runs Angie's list, the nationwide series of local rating guides for an array of domestic services.
One thing they keep in mind is that they've gone above and beyond the call of duty and provided exceptional service.
If they come out in the middle of the night, if your trailer was overflowing, for long-haired cruise on contract, Hicks suggest maybe something at the end of the summer, 20 to 50 bucks or the price of a mowing.
And don't forget about the little things such as like a glass of lemonade would be nice.
Yeah, Sarah Smock, marketing director for Mary Maid, the nation's largest residential house cleaning service, says relatively few clients tip during the year.
17% regularly give their weekly or twice monthly cleaners an extra 5 to 10 bucks per visit, although there's more typical of the holidays.
But that's right, Jean, we've got an extra 54-year Christmas time. Have a great life, Jean.
We're working a contractor who is often handsomely paid or his employees is, you know, like when you stay in a hotel, like in Europe, for example.
And you stay like for about eight or nine nights.
When you leave theoretically, you're supposed to leave your change for the chamberman.
For the maid that comes in, please, the room everybody.
Okay.
Now, I've got to pocket full of change. First of all, I got to get rid of it anyway because I don't want to, my pants when I'm going through the skin with the airport.
So what I'll do is I'll take the asterine. I leave my pocket full of change in the asterine.
No matter how much it is, I mean, I just don't want that damn all those euro coins.
So I mean, it's a good point.
Often tipping is a simple expression of niceness as Peter Post, great grandson of Manor's Dorian, Emily Post, author of four etiquette books in a believer in the above and beyond maximum.
If someone hauls a couch up three flights of stairs and moves four pieces of furniture, you want to give them a tip some lunch if they're all day cold drinks, saying thank you is good.
So he's doing a letter of appreciation.
But he rarely offers extra cash. That's not what this is about.
But Pummers electricians, Carpenter's people have built an addition.
The best thing you can do is just pay them right away.
Well, there you go. And Brown, former consumer product safety commission chair, woman has her own system.
She tipped a carpet cleaner who came quickly, worked well and had a really great attitude.
Moving right along.
Oh, I didn't know that came when I wonder when you called my concepts that comes with a cleaning.
I've only ever gotten complacent doing that.
Oh, man, oh man, there's somebody with a way with words.
144 votes on a pool. I think we got 1100.
Look, don't you?
You got to stop at some point. I'm back.
I think we're looking at the end.
The biggest name was the best talent in the basis.
No.
Forge radio 560.
You A L.
Not just the one to two hour.
It's a phenomenon.
Don't miss the latest must have sensation to hit stores.
It's the tickle me bush dog.
This chattering little character from the pencil being avenue beltway gang will laugh at anything you say.
Till old George W.
With two pluses all tried up and he'll laugh.
Till him is military couldn't fight a boy scout jamboree on a warm summer day.
And he can't help but laugh.
And you'll laugh too as the tickle me bush dog puckers his face to one side and wiggles his ape like ears uncontrollably.
Tickle me bush is sure to be the biggest fan since the outboard grows a beard.
Sheep hat you'll laugh you'll cry you'll kiss 4999 goodbye with the tickle me bush dog.
Every Republican household.
He sure to have what if you aren't now 10% of every dog's soul will support stem cell research.
The miss of the fence shield and Alaska oil drilling.
He's got a he's hysterical.
He's got ape like ears.
It's the tickle me bush dog.
Nails open stores work with guns ammo and NRA propaganda are sold.
103 of five sixty WQ MSR gigantic world flamey one to two hour.
Wait till you hear this you will not be you won't be too happy about it where you sure won't be surprised.
Okay.
Riches cited early voting.
Oh gee.
What a surprise.
Early voters urged to cast their ballots with great care following scattered reports of problems with heavily used machines.
After a week of early voting a handful of glitches with electronic voting machines have drawn the IRO voters reassurances from election supervisors and a caution against the careless casting of ballots.
Several South Voter voters say the choices they touch on electronic screens were not the ones that appeared on the review screen.
The final voting step election officials say they're not aware of any serious voting issues but in Broward for example in.
They don't know how widespread the machine problems are because there's no process for poll workers to quickly report minor issues and no central database of machine problems.
Indeed incidents are logged and reported daily and recorded in a central database and judges cracking his fingers again.
The problem machines are shut down.
What?
I said in the past dead county would send someone to correct the machine on sites at Lester's Sola county supervisor elections.
Now he said we close the machine down and put a seal on it.
So if you walk in and go vote you see a seal flopping around top of the machine stay away from that one.
Never read voted with her boss on Wednesday at African American Research Library and cultural center near for Lauderdale.
Her vote went smoothly but boss Gary Rudolph called her over to look at what was happening on his machine.
He touched the screen for gubernatorial candidate Jim Davis the Democrat but the review screen repeatedly registered the Republican Charlie Gay.
Chris that's exactly the kind of problem that sends conspiracy theorists into high gear especially in South Florida where a history of problems at the polls have made voters especially skittish.
What history of problems at the polls?
Oh I don't know they just make them that up you know the hero a poll worker then helped do it all but it took three tries to get it right.
So if you want to vote for Davis you better vote three times just to be sure.
I'm shocked but I because I really want to trust that the issues with the regularities with voting machines have been resulted read a paralegal and worries me because the races are so close.
Here's a fact that since I'm tuning in late today so I'm hope I'm not being redundant I took the time to read the article posted.
He'll await a mirror from smoking chimpy Jason Miller maybe the finest analysis I've read in quite some time that article deserves a live reading.
Thanks for posting these articles I feel like I'm cheating by taking advantage of your efforts.
You are a quit doing it not I feel like I'm cheating by taking advantage of it's why do you think we do it?
Right so people will read the stuff man because people don't read anything like that article we had about the newspaper circulation being weighed down.
People don't read maybe at least they know read newspapers hopefully they read on the internet like nearrangers.com right.
I beg we plead we pray and because so many people are reading it these days Josh has decided to give out that email address.
I think it's interesting Joe we're ever going to do that although it's a great idea though don't you think?
Oh yeah you can watch me copy the bonus trouble yeah keep him inside all the time morning noon and night even during the show.
We would be able to eat all that ice cream all the other crap and when it was big bags of candy come in at Georgia's ordering.
Not me.
I'm so sorry that I found that Roger's ice cream.
Oh.
Why did you start that without Mary Jane?
If you have any idea what I titanic lightning bolt that struck through my head when you started talking about Mary Jane can.
Broward Supervisor Relations spokeswoman Mary Cooney said it's not uncommon for screens on heavily used machines to slip out of sync making votes register incorrectly.
Oh wonderful.
Pull workers are trained to be calibrate them on the spot essentially to realign the video screen with electronics inside.
The 15 step process is outlined in the poll workers manual.
The 15 step process.
Please say cake.
It's resolved right this see there he goes again.
Faster.
Broward Polar you see this is there's a method in his madness I'm sorry right now he got the big summer book he thinks that if I croak like before my birthday on Sunday if I croak real soon that's a very long.
You know one of the few people that doesn't want you dead.
Oh I heard they're going to bring somebody back.
They're going to do a big number in there.
What am I supposed to be going on was supposed to buy that article by Jason Miller and that's not the Jason Miller there was in the assistant to die.
Yeah that was his name.
No he played the father curious in play Alex curious he played father curious we're not going to find that I know it's on our website somewhere is it on or today Josh oh yeah wait America what.
I think so he doesn't know I said I'm so damn it there it is mass manipulation etc another one of those Jason Miller articles okay filled with the left wing proper game to just the way we like it.
I'm putting it out right now right off our website that way I won't have no chopped off age you know I did discover that and that is the high print the stories out right from our website.
And the fine job that you've done on air that's like you know so anyway there you go WB thanks a lot and I pretty good out right now if it's not 500 pages long maybe I'll just read it right here on the air not more reading of articles on here instead of those great phone calls.
Oh yeah yeah it's coming quickly like the cleaning guy he awaits or hell waits so I can't even read the first word right how am I going to read this.
Hell awaits America mass manipulation blissful psychosis and 70 easy ways to achieve damn nation rights Jason Miller how long is this it's too long I think WB I think he's from the WB network oh this is too long this goes on like I said read it on our website today it's like the second article on air it's like a hundred pages long said WB the ability of facts paper Jesus God this is like about seven pages long on and on and on it goes and where it's stuffed at its
says for and the last two paragraphs so revel in the mass delusions suck the marrow that the wretched may know upon the bones and exercise your conscience and for God's sake savor each second the ride because hell awaits America isn't that uplifting right in the middle lunch hour it's a little extra one on nine which is shy of the beach boys and four or nine wasn't PT one or nine was that the adf k boat yes it was
1667 boats on a pool we got that 1100 to lick we're getting our licks and what was that thing about tickle my what on that that I just played fancy tickle my fancy Republican senator John McCain who never found a war that he wasn't enchanted with said Friday the US should send another 20,000 troops to Iraq oh my god
I remember the Senate armed services committee McCain said increasing US forces would require expanding the standing army Marine Corps a step to Bush administration has resisted another 20,000 troops in Iraq but that means expanding the air
Army Marine Corps he said McCain's call for escalation would exacerbate the deteriorating situation in Iraq would only further damage US national security rights so this is from a thing progress as the website and here's at least two reasons why it says one no troops to send sending more troops to Iraq would at the moment
threaten to break our nations all volunteer army and under my national security McCain suggest in in largely the forces send them to Iraq an idea that's impossible to carry out over the short term and that would damage the military's ability to
recruit over the long term and to the insurgency would grow more inflamed as in finding a more visible present of US troops were as further stoking the flames of the insurgency by feeding perceptions of long term US
occupation among many Iraqis the recent effort to increase to troop numbers and bag that is only increased violence a recent poll of Iraqis
indicate that support for attacks on US forces has grown away majority positions now six out of 10 a number sure to increase
of more US troops are put on the ground phase withdrawal is gaining consensus is the best the last best option for Iraq a growing group of experts including the Iraq study group and a
host of conservative senators are consolidating behind a redeployment 63% of Americans believe Congress should set a time table now pronto right subito
see quickly dot thousand seventy votes and that pull about ladies man women
is good like everything else is good ones is bad ones is beautiful ones are sexy ones is grotesque ones are spat ones are smelly ones are tall ones ensure
one what's the worst thing about women mood swings to fourteen non stop bitching one eighty three is a way to solve that you know never say what they mean one thirty two nagging one twenty two nagging and bitching and
owning and whining unrealistic expectations one eighteen when they get saggy and sloppy they ain't good eighty nine I hate this pool seventy four six point nine percent nothing
their great women are all great fifty six there's obviously somebody some guys didn't get around too much they never forget thirty seven and they'll never let you
forget that's part of the nagging thing no sense to humor thirty two and rest of commitment fourteen you don't even have your pants off yet
and nobody want to ring you know which I guess is easy if you got a ring around the color yeah like a priest for example he's always got the ring
around his neck mm-hmm I don't think that a lot of these priest ought to have like something around around it like a noose would be sure who's around the
next to me like that priest father Marchia whose name is Marchica but nevertheless it's Marchia can you explain to me how you
pronounce those letters Marchia hey you're mr. Italian link we need me alright that attending woman man
now I lost fifteen and you see what you think I want something I mean I don't know how old is she like more like old she's like older than me she's old
uh old Italian yinthaman hacke me like I'm sitting there with my own issues okay I'm trying desperately not to give any money back on
Saturday which I did not I wonder for the really nice day not thanks to her
ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta I don't even know the bitch and she's an old man and ought to be shot on the spot one thirteen
the biggest name so best to know is this the O'Rodgers for 20560s you a.m.
this is Joe Bo on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hacke authority Neil God
I like to know who won the election said I like know who won the election
council vote council vote ready council vote council vote over council vote council vote
I'm dying on the edges this presidential race began
I've often wondered who was going to win some Palm Beach people went to do their voting
so count up all the ballots and find out who's gotten more those old folks seem to have one thing in common
looks like lots of them just keep their votes too pathetic you can and oh my god
so I like to know who won the election yes I'd like to know who won the election
council vote council vote baby council vote council vote council vote
Oh, boy!
The final tabulation started coming in
Then I saw a new splash on Channel 10
Some may repeat for all together in a bunch
They said they were confused and didn't know which hold a punch
Those old folks seem to have one day in common
Looks like lots of them just keep their votes too
That's what you can't end
Oh my god
So I'd like to know who won the election
Said I'd like to know who won the election
Oh, I'd like to know who won the election
Yes, I'd like to know who won the election
Count the vote, count the votes, baby
Count the vote, count the vote, all the votes
Count the vote, count the vote, baby
Count the vote, count the vote, all the votes
A man who votes, count the vote, a man who forgave
Count the vote, a man who votes
Watch the truth, man!
Twenty-assange one, Gronis Telfen, baby
It's design America
Here's what Joshua is talking about
I had nothing about this Trevor Burbrick right yeah, I just saw the headline Jamaican
police have made a second arrest in a machete slaying a former Canadian in the world
heavyweight boxing champ Trevor Burbrick
ah ah your rest came Sunday night last night after hours of questioning the first
aspect a 20-year-old man said Carl Angel directed communications from the Jamaican
Constabulary Force early today from his office in Kingston Jamaica man how do you
like that?
the Constabulary Burbrick the 52-year-old former World Champ who once
beat the legendary Muhammad Ali was found dead with multiple head wounds in the
yard of Norwich Baptist Chapel across the road from his home in the district of
Norwich early Saturday police have said the wounds to the back of his head
were likely caused by a machete which in rural Jamaica's primary farm
implement for the small farmer I wonder if it's like the one we got sitting on
the counter there that OJ machete a through to what you did yeah it didn't work
Norwich is a quiet community on the islands northeast about 120 kilometers 72
miles from the capital Kingston Angel said that rumors were rife at the slaying
stem from a dispute over land however we can't confirm this he said a land
dispute there are also rumors of conflict with neighbors or within the Burbrick
family neighbors of the former champ reached by telephone were reluctant to be
named but also that neighborhood is quiet and safe one church member a neighbor
Burbrick said the former champ seemed down on his luck he had returned to the
community where he was born after being deported from the US Burbrick had apparently
been in conflict over family property that he sought to reassert control over
after so many years of broad Burbrick fought professionally from 1976 to 2000
finishing with a record of 50 and 111 dry and 33 knockouts he fought for Jamaica
at the 1976 Montreal Olympics and became a Canadian landed immigrant in 1979
shortly after beginning his pro boxing career while living in a Halifax
say Halifax Nova Scotia while you think you're seeing cold baby I can't even begin to imagine
he quickly won the Canadian heavyweight title and moved to Florida in the early 80s
just as his boxing career was taken off you see how ill-fated it is
people they write a movie to Florida oh my god their lives turned to cramp
in 1981 he beat an aging Ali in the Bahamas in the final fight of the boxing legends career
in 86 he won the WC heavyweight title and decision over Pinkland Thomas
eight months later he lost the title of 20 year old Mike Tyson by a knockout
Burbrick later claimed that he was drugged before that fight
how do you like that huh his legal problems began as his boxing career began to win in 1991
he was convicted of a misdemeanor assault for a technic former business manager
who testified the boxer put a gun to her head and accused her of stealing 40 grand U.S. from him
the following year is convicted in the sexual assault of a 16 year old Florida babysitter
it was sentenced to four years in prison it was also convicted of the secondary grand theft
for forging his ex-wife signature to get a 95 thousand dollar mortgage on his Miramar home
oh sounds like a really slimy kind of guy he served 15 months in those convictions was
ordered deported to Jamaica man but before it could be removed Burbrick's like to Canada
moving first to Montreal for non-successful attempt to resurrect his boxing career and then to
BC and otherwise he took a powder to BC in February 99 while in Montreal Burbrick defeated
chain sucklif to win the Canadian heavyweight title for the second time aren't you impressed
that was later disputed because unknown to Canadian boxing officials he'd been stripped of
status as a landed immigrant have been deported from Canada six months earlier but in December
99 an immigration appeal panel granted Burbrick a five year stay meaning he could apply for
citizenship after that time if he kept out of trouble Burbrick left BC and returned to Florida
where warrant had been issued for his arrest and was deported to Jamaica in 2002 and is dead
Trevor Burbrick is dead red our box is dead they're dying like flies man how do you like that
how old was he Trevor Burbrick I don't know did it say an article I wasn't paying me an attention
were you paying attention I'm sure George wasn't huh well it's it's a sports thing man
it's a sports thing just like right our box we have to we have to insert some sports crap every
knowing in there's a clear of our answer yeah that's what Josh told me so he wants to
get clearance off his ass 1101 votes on the pool we got to shot at 1110 the worst thing about
women a little one and it's a pretty good battler mood swings 220 non stop bitching 186 enough
at a bitching already okay quit being a nag all right what's the difference between bitching and nagging
uh you done now I mean I screwed up on it no it's good yeah whatever it gives him a variety of
places to go to prevent their uh spleen 26 after one at five sixty w two I don't know the level
seem a little strange to you today or I may maybe it's just me even losing my hat or a team
it's all the oxies don't think about pop that you're chewing yeah yeah I'm thinking either start
pop and oxies are start eating a merry jeans by the handful you bastard for those things are so
damn good I'm sure I won't find any here but I'm sure I can find a bit of honey which were really just
rip your teeth out and those things boy you talk about you talk about sending your blood sugar sky
rocketing those things like tan an eagle and just injecting sugar water into your veins good I'll
tell you what else is good it's dial amatris is this is the wrong spot I could do this one now yeah
I'll just switch my own how's that all right it's dial amatris's 30th birthday
about 3rd man and a celebrate dial amatris and Simmons are offering you the lowest price of the
year on best selling Simmons V der S pillow top you can choose from South Florida's biggest
selection of Simmons V der S would say they delivery so if you're finally ready to do it this
smart way like I've been doing for years and most of us here at QAIM just sit there on your fat
and call dial amatris at 1-800 metros get unbeatable factory direct prices and award winning
service with no nonsense no off-brands nobody has no ripoffs no slurp it all over time to
comparison shop wasting time gas and money dial amatris has got a 12 month financing
deal for you and with dial amatris as always you just choose the date and timing what that
amatris delivered seven days a week from 8 in the a until 10 a night when it's convenient for you
and they show up even on the same day that's your call if you want to be called right now you can
be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight that's why dial amatris is ranked number one in the
world of customer satisfaction and why just about everybody a QAIM uses them and you ought to be
doing the same on the web check them out at dial amatris.com or make that one e-c phone call 1-800
1-800-matts-res leave off the last s because it stands for spectacular savings and
silly sales holes.
these names of test shallope engines to engines to be your broad house for your 5.60
made it up
by
I hope not just any fun.
I try to act for others of the type of life.
It's in, in, in, in, in, that right.
Abu Gaur, Abu Abu, Abu Gaur, Abu Abu Gaur.
Well, I try to do I go on.
I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I
I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that email is mc7 Egg
Outlines and extraordinary wishlist of how the government would like to world-like world-trouble spots to look in ten years time
It also signals a draft to reduce Britain's military commitments around the globe
It admits that in our ideal world the Muslims would not perceive the UK in its foreign policies as hostile
Effectively except the argument that Britain's military action in Iraq and Afghanistan has served as a recruiting sergeant for Islamist terrorist groups
Publicly Mr. Blair has resisted this line fiercely during his final speech as leader of the labor's annual conference last month
He describes such claims as enemy propaganda
But the memo leaves no doubt that all foreign policy must be driven by the goal of sorting terrorism in Britain
It demands a significant reduction in the number and intensity of the regional conference that fuel terror activity
Now just to go into this okay
They're not pissed off because they're like killing all those people over there
It just they're all worked up their temperament
That's not that people are pissed off drop bombs on them. They'll start loving you then. That's right
Margaret Carlson in the Seattle Post until you know Margaret Carlson. She's always on whatever the TV show is on Sunday
She's on those shows with a glasses come on you better start watching those panels shows man
Hope like what's that one McLaughlin in company better start watching that when President Bush wakes up in the night
Does he wonder how the family of 20-year-old lands corporal Clifford Collinsworth who was killed last week in Iraq
Coats with the loss does he think about whether the almost three thousand other US deaths there have been worth it at Bush's press conference
October 25 as he twisted his mouth to speak out of one side of it his very words seem to pain him
I know many Americans are not satisfied he said I'm not either but we can't allow our dissatisfaction to turn in this illusion
And some of the bad news is sophisticated propagated by the enemy he said now once to the other phrase stay the course
Which has been removed from the White House talking points the way portraits of discredited leaders were moved from the Kremlin
What's forcing the banishment is not the looming defeat in Iraq but the one looming at the polls
Bush told George step on top of us recently that we've never been stayed the course his press secretary
The Abnaxia's Tony Snow said the words haven't passed Bush's lips since August 31
You only have to click on you cheer to see a video of at least 50 times over last year when the president invoked those words and describe his Iraq policy
Stay the course Bush now says he was only distinguishing himself from those who would leave abruptly
He's this month. He's been misunderstood if anyone thought he wasn't wasn't a proponent of adjusting his tactics as the situation demanded
No one has claimed that Bush might be slow to change tactics
But he changes them the awful truth is not that military tactics haven't changed it's that they have changed and failed
This is where slogan substituting for policy can get you in a trouble with just days to go before the election
It's time for some new spin although in bush line. It's certainly not time for new policies
I'm reminded of Bush's father during his 1992 election campaign when accused of ignoring struggling workers
He responded message I care rather than by actually doing anything for them
Like state the course the current president meant that despite what you rise tell you victories around the corner
voters just need to stick with someone with resolve like him as opposed to the Democrats or defeated
Cretz who would cut and run before the job is done with evidence that there's little Americans can do now to spend the worst
New violence Democrats successfully turns state of course against the Republicans now
Indagent Republicans are urging the White House to inform voters that you don't have to do anything so rash
And it's about democratic to get the country out of Iraq changing course might save lives
But it's too painful for Bush to swallow requiring as it does some admission that Iraq is descending in a way chaos that
Americans are helpless to stop a new course may involve unpleasant options such as dividing Iraq and with loose
Confederation pushing out Prime Minister Malachi who was never willing to control the Shiite militias
And listing Iran and Syria in a regional diplomatic effort or toughest of all sending more troops
General George Casey the top US commander in Iraq put that last option on the table
Although he heads by and then would likely mean reassigning troops already in the country
You can you can bet Bush's flexibility staffs at least before the election at sending new troops to a place that
Majority of Americans have given up on
The White House may be all too mindful of the addictive salted peanut phenomenon
Former Secretary of State Kishn to war Nixon about after he took office
Kishn to your now informal advisor to Bush on Iraq
Said that if Nixon were to begin withdrawing troops from Vietnam before the next US election
It would set off a hunger for more withdrawals and be an acknowledgement that mistakes were made
Nixon's domestic enemies would never be satisfied and they were in lead defeat he said
Bush is keeping company with the wrong former Secretary of State
James Baker coach him in the Iraq Steady Group with former representative Lee Hamilton
Has said his recommendations would be to put more options on the table than merely to say the course
Unfortunately Baker is playing out the election clock
A great now to wish recommendations and to laugh at the midterm congressional elections
Death won't stop him in a Bush changes course
But that's not an argument for waiting
Changing course won't bring back corporal Collins worth yet it could save his bunkmate
What do we got here on the fast machine mine
Rod Rigo says Friday you read article about Kristen a 16-year-old roommate in St. Petersburg
The article spoke of Charlie using his parents' arrest for tax purposes and the 16-year-old using the home they shared
Why was this information now put on your website?
Well, what does that mean?
Rod Rigo, that's what it means
Sounds like he's a bust in our chops or something
Yeah
Because somebody faxed it in and I have no idea where it originally came from Rod Rigo
That's the answer why if somebody wants to refax it and tell me what the source was
It's a matter of fact after the show I googled it to see if I could find where the hell that came from
I couldn't do it. Although I found when you when you're typing Charlie, Chris and Gay in Google
You find all sorts of stuff that comes in it pops up
Like that as if there's any doubt
That's why Rod Rigo troublemaker
1122 votes on it pull we're not doing back considering we had that late start last night
You know, I don't think that the bill will be satisfied with 1100 and so my votes
Although I think we have some day parts that don't have quite that many listeners
You know what I'm saying no I didn't say a thing
You said you're hallucinating again because of that Mary Jane because you got that molasses all over your chin
I don't know you talking about
God you had to start with that well I'm gonna you know I'm gonna do nothing I hope no and in the last break when the last break starts
It about whenever it's gonna be I'm gonna go and put on my pot of boiling water. Oh there you go
I'm gonna go in there. I'm gonna slice up my wiener for the sauce
We're gonna slice up your wiener for the sauce and when you boil the pot it sounds like this
Yeah, and then I'm gonna make my low carb pasta for lunch
So I don't wind up rushing out and buy a bunch of that Roger's ice cream or looking for a bunch of Mary Jane's or cart bars very
You love cart bars?
Uh
No
I like them but I like my butter fingers. Yeah, butter fingers are good and the best thing about the butter fingers is
Signing the sweet thing and you get to enjoy them all day long because they get stuck in your teeth
Yeah, cart bars do to their chewy new man new good man
Just like we said about when is your wedding lesbian on we told new good and what we said
And started to sound like maybe they did just little little tiny baby nukes that saw you know
I'll get all bent out of shape
Don't start with that anti-stimatic crap again about the Israelis did this and these were you know
Just a little tiny teeny baby nukes you first start, you know just to send a message like Joey Zaza
He was gonna send a message that's right. He was just horseing around
Joey
Zaza
See that movie wasn't as bad as you thought that's just like it was it was that thing was okay
There were some good scenes in there like when the archbishop got
Went flying down those stairs
20 till two we got the mad dog back from a short wherever the hell he went last week
Who knows where anybody goes you know when you come right down to it take whatever we give you take what you get
Right right like tonight. We got gildy at seven o'clock
I think there's some good TV on it so oh yeah, sweetle foursons on it so let me tell you right now that loop
Back road Chevy's raised to a thousand for the first time in their history
They're gonna sell a thousand cars in one month and that ends tomorrow night
But they will be open to midnight tonight tomorrow night because they want to sell a thousand cars in one month for the first time in their history
I mean my buy in my vets another great cars from the back road for years because their prices are unbeatable
Their services top-knots and they create you great like a real manch loop backward is gonna give you a deal
I can never saw before in your life. I'm those great new Corvettes trucks SUVs minibans
They've also got a fabulous selection of use cars starting at just 39.95 every single one backed by a car
Thanks, what and tea forget about price make them an offer and they'll be any deal because they want to get to that thousand
They give you more money for your trade
0% financing
Rebates of up to six grand whatever it takes to make you that deal waiting for you at loop back road Chevy these next two days two locations for you
You'll find loop backward and pop it'll be two quarter mile west of by 95 right by pop and o'park and a coke on a creek on
441 just out of the soil grass expressway
Don't forget loop back roads didn't open till midnight every night
So today in the morgue would loop backward get the best deal you ever heard of in your life on a great new Chevy
Or a fabulous use automobile or check them on the wicked web at loopbackroad.com. It's vachr.dt
loopbackroad.com
I got your breath are beautiful
right
oh
Time to deal with the FCC
Where the network comes between
Far-fraud's casting new regime
We should not see that for free on TV
That's what HBO is for
Still a flag sort of porn song
Why are they going hardcore all they need?
Oh, Disney
Let's move for straight
I've been walked in, Disney
Rollin' over in this grave
It's a dream
Make it work
So long to be make it work
Right on the ABC
Make it work
Like Kevin Jackson
That calls Rollin'
Made at the college share again
I've read that this is HBO
Because I smit can't ask another that
Thanks for sending me before about that thing that's coming up on HBO
I can resend it
Resend it please
And the meantime I do do that just to pacify Rodrigo
Who I'll be saying is an agenda
Maybe he's got the hospital for Charlie Christ
Gabriel Rotello in the Huffington Post writes
He says why are Florida's news media engaged in a conspiracy of silence concerning a core issue in the upcoming election
The truthfulness and honesty of the Republican frontrunner for Governor Charlie Christ
For those who haven't heard the situation is this
Multiple sources have come forward, alleging first-hand knowledge that Christ is gay
And or has had homosexual affairs
Christ has been asked about in public generally by reporters from the alternative media
By constituents and meetings and by talk show host and is adamantly and repeatedly denied it
And the mainstream media have not reported a word of any of this to Florida voters
Full disclosure as a gay person living in an era where gay shoes often dominate politics
I think that it candidates sexual orientation is as relevant to his campaign
As things like his mirrored al-Status or religion or how many kids he has sometimes even more so
For example, Christy poses a adoption by gay couples and favors a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage
If I were Florida voter these facts would raise a host of moral, ethical and even psychological questions
If Christy himself is a gay man
But even if you don't care whether or not Christy's gay history
And with the Niles raised serious and legitimate questions about his truthfulness and credibility
Just like Gary Hart's Niles of extra-mirrored affairs raised questions about his
And just like with Gary Hart those denials cry out for a serious media examination
After all the traditional solution for gay politicians who want to remain in the closet
Retain their integrity avoid media scrutiny
It's to simply refuse to answer questions about their sexuality
Even the odious Mark Foley never denied he was gay
He just attacked the question as irrelevant and the questioners as intrusive
But Christ's denials are absolute he has an effect there the media to prove him a liar
And how has Florida's mainstream media respawned in the way that they complete silence on Mark Foley
With more complete silence
Although Christy led homosexual activity is the whispered talk of Florida
Although it's been impressively detailed in the alternative
Broward Palm Beach new times
Although it's being openly discussed by Christy old friend and curvy form party opponent Max Linn
And I sticked on the Ziggian websites
You wouldn't know any of this from reading the Miami hero of the Palm Beach Post
Or any of the other mainstream media outlets in the state
You get the impression that the Florida media feel that because allegations were sometimes
And now certainly always couched as political smears by Christ right wing primary opponent
The Rock limits to respectable reporters
But it bears repeating that the fundamental issue for journalists is not Charlie Christy led homosexuality
It's his honesty and integrity for him to choose to maintain a dignified silence in the face of such allegations to be one thing
But for him to actively deny the allegations raises the Gary Hart question
Is this candidate honest or a blatant liar and hypocrite?
So, Memo to Florida editors and reporters
You have a professional obligation report on stories that have a bearing on the truthfulness
And take what he and ethics to those running for the highest office in your state
If politicians may claim about their lives and backgrounds that you have reasonably maybe false
You have a duty to report that to investigate it and lay the results before the voters
If you don't do that you're simply not doing your job
That's from Gabriel Wartell on the Huffington Post
Got it?
Got it?
That's for a Rodrigo who's like all been under shape
All would feel better now
You feel better about Rodrigo and it's not too bad
Okay, so here's that thing hacking democracy is the name of this HBO documentary
Are you hacking some?
Nice to meet you
Good
Is American democracy safe in the age of computers?
This cautionary film looks at the very real risk of hackers
Ordering vote counts in public elections and it's supposed to develop the ability of computers which kind of approximately 80% of America's votes in county, state and federal elections
Oh, not fixed elections in America, that would be a first
Filmed in 2004 and 5, this documentary tells the story of Bev Harris, a Seattle publicist writer
Who's locked up group uncovered evidence of mishandled voting records and suspicious voting machine malfunctions
Harris's crusade took the group consisting of computer experts, activists, and political candidates from both parties
From her home computer where she found a computer system blueprint accidentally made public
To Tallahassee for a mini election that proved just how easy it is to hack the vote
Kind of like hack the wife, remember that?
How could I forget you?
Yeah, I think we got...
Oh yeah, we do
Speaking of OJ, if I'd done it
She's back to town for Texas and for football, for football, for football
So anyway, hacking the micro-season in the HBO documentary
And here's the schedule, it's all over the place
It's on Thursday, Friday, Sunday, Tuesday
November 2nd through the 10th
Which quite frankly, it's on several times before Tuesday
I would recommend if you're going to watch it, if you have HBO
Watch it before Tuesday, before election day would be a good idea
Because it's on two, it's all over the place on Tuesday on Election Day
Interesting, and they have just a coincidence
You know, HBO Latino, East, West, North, South, in the middle, etc
All of these things, all these places
I'll take you one thing, that Roger's chocolate almond brittle sounds really inviting
Thank God I'm not going to get any
Because if I did, and I got my blood sugar weapon will be your fault
You don't want to take the back for that, do you?
No, man, I don't want that blood on my hand
Just remember if I croak for a before my birthday post
George, in spite of that nice gift he sent me
That was just a cover-up, you know, it's just a deflection
You see right through me
1143 votes on a full year, I'm going to do right now
Go principal, watch it
You're going to go put that pasta in there
My stall, I'll pasta, baby, you got it
I'm going to put my big thing right on the stool
I'm going to heat it up and stick my big can right on the stool
The biggest name, sub-best talent, the best is me or Roger
Sports Radio 560, UAM
It's been worth my internship at the URDNC giant now
Well, I'm going to show you what a big ass head I was to year
And how?
You're going to get by somebody good enough to fill my big pants?
Are you easy?
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes
Very no chance I'll have to be coming back
I'm trying to consider a little bit counteract
If you want to know what I'm saying, then I'm shutting that transformative down
I wonder why that's easy
I think I'm stupid
I'm stupid
I'm stupid
I'm stupid
I'm stupid
I'm stupid
I'm stupid
I'm stupid
I'm stupid
I'm stupid
I think your old dreams weren't only got you today
I said my ratings have gone about in this game
But radio has already gone for the giant number one
And we did
Roger, we just know
Now take it
Roger, we just know
We just know
We just know
Roger, we just know
You'll fight away something
And then call me and give me a slap
You see, go
Where are you going to go fight me?
You like a guy?
I'm not allowed to, I knew that
Abdul, Abdul, Abdul, Abdul, Abdul, Abdul, Abdul, Abdul. Abdul, Abdul, Abdul, Abdul, Abdul.
Let's up you some more prisoners
Oh, make them scream nice and loud
Yes
Get me some wires and a fat tree.
Paddy, Fer.
I don't care if they eat from my rack to the ears.
Use you to the torture.
Cause they're just lame, they're game.
In the past, it had to be worse with the dumb who say.
Oh, my, my, my!
