He's the guy on our tower
No, he's not an art. Does that art somewhere? Yes. Get out of here. It's our tower. It's our tower is behind the hero. Yep. All right
All right, you go Bobby Robert Annable. This is name. Yeah
Clarence is climbing up the tower to try to talk them down. Oh, man. I heard him
I heard it wasn't Robert Annable. I heard it was
Somebody we know
Climb the tower
The thought crossed my mind. Yeah, well, he's got a lot of time on his hands
Seven o'clock this morning Robert Annable climbed the tower that sits on a barge on this game Bay hung an American flag upside down as well as a POW flag
He's got he's given him till five o'clock
He wants the government to write him with the story of his brothers disappearance 44 years ago
said his brother disappeared in 1962
As a MIA from the government secret war against Cuba. It's what he said
Come on cut the crap cover the most of no more man no mo you got like cut the cord already. There ain't no mo
No, no no mo no mo no
I heard you tribute see now he's supposed to throw it in there no there you go
You're my tribute. Yeah. Oh, I mean that book of Brian bit. Yeah, we got three great ones
It's full sore from yeah, it looks you emotional and weeping probably like a woman. Yeah, wouldn't surprise me
And I see we got the highly a marlin's coming the flamingos not
What a joke the highly of flamingos. It got you know what's gonna be well
They can have change your uniforms to pink that would be it's
It's 17th inning stretch they're gonna have the birds fly around the stadium
All like mark goose step around yeah, and I'll be sitting in my box seat with raw
Will be sitting together. Yeah, that's a good idea. Well, it can give you like a special spot where they can keep an eye on you
Probably bring us some special canolies too
Well, that's the latest same old crap man, and then I see a big article here on the racino is oh boy six months now
This is already the
As in the January so six months would be July
Andy buyer wrote over scathing story about Gulfstream in the Washington Post a couple of days
Diddy headline construct that a watch if they'll stop putting those buyer ratings in the racing former Gulfstream owners
I don't think they'll be doing that
Construction of new Gulfstream park points to destruction. What does that mean? Well, that's the headline. Yeah, but what does it mean?
I think he just
Caused the place bizarre and perverse perverse in howl and Dale oh brother
Man, I bet you're sunny Rosenberg's got something to do with it says he is destroyed the old Gulfstream
Not only it's infrastructure, but it's atmosphere is we best it with what is but being described as an entertainment center with overtones of Las Vegas
I got news for that sounds like a big improvement to me because the atmosphere there was like a mortuary
So maybe Andy buyer hasn't been there in a few years, you know, and he must he must have
I think he had the same way I borrowed some of the blinders from the horses because that's like a Morgan there at least you would use to be he
wrote about the new paddock as a travesty which I pointed out that I'm when I toured it
Yeah, but that's got to do with racing. What do they care about that? Yeah, that's the whole point
Daddy's riding a racing piece and it has nothing to do with racing. That's what it is. Well racing. What's that? Yeah? Thank you
Well, you know something I can't feel too bad about the racing aspect of it because when you keep bringing in Johnny
Maestro in a Brooklyn bridge and you think that's gonna bring horse players
Oh, you don't attract people if you're about racing. So what's what's the life, you know?
So now they're gonna be a slot in for him. You're right
So I think you're shut the racing part of it down. Let him race the horses have called
They can't get the slots anyway right now
So they can do the horse racing if called or and they can just make a big
They can take that whole area. Can you imagine how many acres that covers the track?
I wouldn't be surprised if they can't have more slots out there
But they can build a gigantic hotel there and yeah, that's your plan. That's what they're gonna do
Roller coasters, then they can also have the Broward County fair in the same
In the same joint. I don't know if there's room for the fair anymore
Well, I'm saying they can
Just have the fair right there, but you know, they own all that property up in Delray where the training center is yeah
Don't be surprised if they're delray
I'm talking about more. I'm talking about
Racing I think Delray makes as much sense as I'll hear I'm talking about the racetrack
Would you rather go to Delray than highly to see the mongers? I'm not talking about the mongers
I know that but I mean just trying to like get off this racing crap. It's ponderous. It's gonna kill our audience
Would I want to go where to see the marlin?
Delray Beach is opposed to highly. I'd rather go to Jacksonville and go to high alia
Although you can get on the train to nowhere and go to high alia
What you're talking about is we're a 75
Just uh
Just a little bit west of there. Yeah, where 75
Yeah, it goes into the pomato. I say let's put it out in the okie-fenokie swamp sounds good to me
See you marlin's bye-bye you fools you idiots flamingos anybody that gets in business with the Wayne deserves
Whatever they get you know if they can't smell that snake from a million miles away the deserve whatever they get
Whether it was John Henry, whether it's this crab, you know
When you wrestle with a snake you're gonna get to a bit
I don't think I don't think Wayne has anything to do with it now other than it right now
Be sure to begin to be sure didn't the beginning
And now he's tried to like look like the good guy. Yeah, we're offering you all this land and the man dollars and
Right will make you us allow me sandwich on rye all of a sudden I have somebody tasted first though
I wouldn't trust that slime ball as far as I could throw him
How is that blockbuster park come in Wayne you park mark geek that is
$4 question yeah, right what a liar what a phony
How's the houses panther? You know by the way, you know your good friend Alan Cohen that you wind and dined or the other way around at the track that day
Yeah
He can give you a solid evidence about how they're gonna make money this year
Tell him that lying about the attendance and inflating it by like tripling it or quadrupling it or begin
Isn't gonna make them money that those invisible people in the stands disguised as empty seats
They're not gonna make any money for him okay, Alan you can keep giving away
You know, I'm a seasoned ticket holder as you know, of course the station pays for it thank god because I wasn't paid wouldn't pay them a dime but
So I get all the stuff in the mail emails at the house all the time. Oh, well, give me a like 4500 free tickets today
If you just show up or if you're just it's just a joke, you know, they're not fooling anybody
Why would you lie about making money? Most owners want to claim they're losing money
Who the hell knows I'm maybe trying to impress you to desert you with his BS. I have no idea
All I can tell you is that they're uh, yeah, and again, it's not just them around the league you look and see all these
Nobody brags about making money for empty seats chunks of empty seats man enormous gigantic chunks
That the reason they're making money. Why would they be making money? You follow me? I don't know because they cut the salaries down
Right because while they're in their payroll is way below the a cab
Yeah, I think I think the pair was like
Cap is 39 and they were like
No, the camera spent 27 that's a minimum right now you're spending 29
So if they spend 39 which most of the teams are spending close to that and they're spending like way less than that
They cut their expenses by so much money that they're making money well good for them
So does that mean they're putting a great product on the ice? I didn't say that
Is that mean they're gonna make them playoffs?
Is that mean that the law?
I'm gonna sign that 30 million dollar contract for five years. I got news for you Bobby. I take it right now
He ain't playing that great. He really isn't
He's going down to soon. He's letting a lot of soft goals along. Go. I take that right now sweetheart
Just say where's the doubted? I'm where do I sign?
Where do I sign as far as to make believes our concern here this team is not gonna make the playoffs either so they really suck
That's that I want to sound bitter or anything like that, but they stink
Yeah
But you know something see if there's a difference they can afford to have this thing here
And they'll still have standing remodeling every game because it's Toronto
Yeah, and they're gonna make a fortune like a license to steal but in South Florida you put a mediocre product
What when is it can we remember to last year that they made the playoffs? What was the year for about six years ago?
So year they lost they got swept by the devils and then the time before that they lost four out of five to the
two thousand years two thousand was was that the year yep well that's six years ago
Yeah, and they got swept by the devils no less
Well, that isn't a hell. And and that's the only time that they didn't that building once that they've been in the building
They made the playoffs. Well, that's pretty sorry as record you got to get over that playoff loss
And that's when they had melon bee and Whitney and
Puray and they had like a team, you know like a real team
You know you're talking hockey and you're telling me the rally
I was just gonna say
Hey, listen we can't help it that well, you know, it's just the way it is South Florida very limited
You know, we love the dolphins
They're really great and I see a very said Jimmy Johnson's a jackass although he doesn't we see one thing about very into your buddy
Sarni they never really want to come out and say anything about how Jimmy Johnson was you know kind of like Luke
Warman saving when there were three and seven and when it went this one six and a row
Oh, he did a fantastic job. Yeah, Jimmy. You're so phony man your phony is an eighty four dollar bill
God is he a faker, but he sure talks a good game. He sure slick, you know
Real slick old Yahoo Jimmy Johnson
Pretty smart and then how do you like coward?
Not wanting to get fined and sucking up to the officials and that's surprising
Okay, he's just gonna let Porter and the other players
Said
If Rothraus burger doesn't make that tackle and lose the game, okay, and then what else?
Seriously, what does the NFL do on Monday as opposed to what they did after they lucked out one again after Vanderjack missed the field goal
What do they do if they lost the game if he doesn't make that tackle?
Well, what do you think cowers opinion would have been of the officials if they lost the game?
Well, you know that look he usually has on his face multiplied by about 10 he would have been sitting blood coming down
What that's right. Yeah, he wouldn't have been saying well
Like an any rhythm his brain would have like popped out of his head. He would have been so peeled and rightfully so yes
But now the officials do the best they can and make mistakes. They're not perviel come on
Are you kidding? He's just trying to set them up for the next game. That's all for the Denver game
Who you kidding cower?
Phony
Hey, he's just a psyched him a little bit. That's all it's good strategy
Okay as much as I don't like him. He's a good coach. Although we made a bad mistake. He got out coached in that game
Let's go through that again not I agree with you on that then there's your president
All right a woman from Texas. Well good for you. You're either woman from Texas. Oh
Brother what an imbecile you take a look at that. He's yucking up. Oh, he's got a bunch of those rich
Right-wing jackass is sitting there behind him. You know all hand picked crowd
You know see never goes anywhere where there might be anybody with a sign or were they
Posing opinion. It's a Hitler all over again. You know they'll got their arm up at that 45 degree angle
They're all this dipping. Hild boosh. Hild boosh, you know they were telling a story yesterday
I was at Jack Gordon's memorial service and and they told a story about after he was
Had his heart bypass a couple years ago. You should go to a lot of funerals
A lot of people were going
but anyway and
His daughter told the story about how they were trying to reach him in the hospital was right after 9-11
And the hospital was full of victims
It was in Washington where he had the surgery and they were bringing in you know victims from 9-11
And they were trying to find out if he had come through the surgery or right and they finally got him and the nurse said
Laura Bush is on the floor and she said he knew his father her father was okay when he said
closed the door
It was a democratic party. Yeah, I remember when you stabbed a democratic party. Yeah
Jack Gordon what a great guy and William Layman great guy he died last year. Yep. He's on our list today of
Most significant death of 2005
Johnny Carson's leading and Richard priors right on his ass and the propane doing too good with our crowd
Well, I can understand well listen. We're way past well ready to our first break to go down to the tower
Yeah, yeah, get my office hour
My walls forgiven. I know a way to bring them down. Oh, how good idea. Have a great day YouTube
If there's a button I smell
Don't want for you
Everybody is
It'll kill you fast and slide me
In fact, it's really
High-plane you see for
All these folks you can't hear from folks you can't tell
If you eat and don't
You'll be six feet under the bow
If you don't want to just the food do not touch your cock or two
A soft and fabric can be fun again. He's gone. I want to work everybody is world through fighting
Big furties now in hiding
I'm dying of a head now. Keep the furthest
Time for the fellow five weeks
Uh-huh
That's it. That's our motto in 2006. Choked a chicken for Jesus baby. Let's kill all them birds
Save mankind by killing the birds. Those are things sure what uh
1015 already we better get into the break in and we can maybe a relax into a show that was a long
Well, we got started late. Guess we got some spots now. Wow. What a concept happy new year from the fine folks at Armstrong for the homestead
2005 was a great year in thousands of new customers took advantage of the Neil deal and bought their new four to the Armstrong
Ford thank the Lord why do people shop there? It's easy because Armstrong Ford guarantee you a great price great service
Act of the sale and that personal touch that comes from a local family owner own dealership pick up the phone right now
We call general manager David rich at 305 247 51 12 when you buy a new Ford there at Armstrong Ford to get their exclusive tires and
Batteries for life program. That's right free tires and batteries for left for the old car
Which could save you thousands of dollars in addition to the unbeatable price
David rich in a staff at Armstrong Ford guarantee you won't find a better price any place in town
So what's not to like with Armstrong Ford being locally owned and operated?
You know they're gonna treat you great because they want to make you a customer forever and ever
No, wait and switch. No, phony sales no parking with your credit cards your keys
So start the year off with a new Ford from our good friend David rich in a staff at Armstrong Ford up homestead
And you'll find them at 307 25 South Fixie highway 20 easy minutes south of the 836 you can get there without a compass
Check them on the web Armstrong cars calm and then give David a call grab a little bit and
Save thousands and Armstrong Ford of homestead
This is Neil Rogers
This is 560
How young is too young
This is Dan Rattling former CBS evening news anchor man and now a punchline
My former networks inability to find a suitable replacement for me
Demonstrates my true genius and complete and total domination as an amoea-air talking head
But let us speak about some of the names who have been mentioned to replace me
First Bob Sheifer nice enough man, but please he's got less hair than Madonna's armpits
And everyone knows you can't conduct the train if you use Rogan
Another name that has been banny to Bob is John Roberts who currently anchors the Sunday CBS evening news
There's a reason he's been on Sundays for so long plus he's Canadian and everyone knows when the camera light goes red
Can't be a hose head
Then there's Scott Pelley from 60 minutes
He was the guy who helped me make up the story about President Bush
I think plus he's skinnier than Kelly Ripper and everyone knows you have to have a meaty can
If you want to be the man
And let's go from the ridiculous to the sublime
The front runner to succeed me seems to be current today show co-anchor Katie Kirk
When I first heard her name in the same sentence as mine I threw up in my mouth a little bit
This person thinks real news is announcing the individual weight of each of JLo's butt cheeks
Plus her heads too small her eyes are too close together and she reeks of gene a tate
When charged with the awesome task of replacing an icon. It's important to remember
You can't you can only hope to find someone who is involved
Canadian skinny or so completely self-centered she thinks her name should be part of the pledge of allegiance
For now, this is Dan rather signing off and reminding you a whistle is to blow a gong is to bang
And Katie Kirk has about as much to offer the world as a frog with pins in its extremities laying on a high school lab table
This is their
I'm so anyway just a new just in Alessandra is just air day audio tape of Osama Yamama
referring to pushes low ratings in the polls and you I saw to get out of Afghanistan in Iraq and
Yamama and all these other things we're doing a hell of a job over there
Well, we got us the media continue talking about well they may have gotten this one a bomb building
Al Qaeda guy and at the drone attack that they may have well, I may be not he was in order
He was within a shooting distance you know within a hundred kilometers and
They can't confirm but it'd be better but about and on the other hand
They're not talking at all about the innocent people that they killed there including they got with his three little kids
They should have attacked us Bob Denver for the list today on our poll
He's just looking up their September 2th of last year Bob Denver
Maybe he'll get me wasn't on all the list. I looked up several lists on there make sure I got like a
Zero list for our poll today. We work like crazy to try to get the in the straight crap for you didn't get it
Let's begin a crap here's your buddy online nine Q. I.m. Hey Neil. Yes, sir enough with the amber in the morning. You show
enough
Yeah
Oh, that's the whisper with a new deal now actually actually speaks now
Well, good usually cause it's on the ice up. We're everybody sucks including him. He's the top sucker
Protester scales tower behind Miami hero demand scale the radio tower behind a hero building a downtown Miami this morning asking for the government to tell him the truth about his
Brothers disappearance 44 years ago by the way the ratings come out 1130 this morning
So whatever station that guy really works at he'll find out he does suck about seven o'clock this morning Robert
Anibal climbed the tower that sits on a barge on this game bay. It's the Q. I. M. Tower get off our cloud, baby
Get off our tower get off our cloud you idiot
He hung an American flag upside down as one of the POW flag and a prepared statement left at the scene addressed a hero
Anibal says this is simply an active civil disobedience in the hopes that my government the media or the people of Miami will help me learn the truth
What happened to Harrison is that George Harrison or Harrison for order? I guess his brother's name was Harrison
Anna boy you better he said his brother went missing in 1962 as an MIA from the government secret war against Cuba
It was Cuba in his statement
He threatens to burn an American flag at 5 p.m. If the government doesn't provide him with the truth of his brothers as appearance
I think it's good that the whisperer finally decided to speak in his real voice because now there will be people out there
We'll recognize him and probably like break his kneecaps when they finally catch up. We'll get only hope
I will hate to do this, but I'm fed up with a continuing secrecy in lies from the government
Hope to complete my promise to my father on his deathbed that it would find the truth of Harrison's disappearance
He writes in his note
He says he'll stay on the tower calling the involved agencies till he gets information he seeks he identifies the CIA
The State Department the FBI and the Coast Guard as the agencies involved
So get off our cloud get off our tower cut the crap a good luck to your hour. Where would you right? Right?
Anybody who's doing like a civil disobedience especially during these
Unbelievable times where we get a lie to have a bunch of Nazis right around when we got rush limbaugh's wife pretending to be a news
Bitch on CNN
Skeletory speaking of Iraq twin bombings can kill at least 23 in Iraq
It was extremely first bit of the story off
It's in the counties of more body parts and they put them together again. I see they got better
simultaneous suicide and roadside bomb blasts in the same bag that's street today killed at least 23 and wounded 26 mole
Police and hospital officials said a man with explosives
Belt strapped around his waist walked into a crowded coffee shop on Sadoon street and detonated his bomb
Just seconds later a bomb planted underneath a parked car outside the nearby Alma-Fok restaurant
Explored killing at least four there and it just goes on and by on and on
Every single day bloodshed mayhem murder women little children innocent by standing men who have nothing to do with any of this crap
But you know we're emancipating them. Didn't I tell you this when we did the invasion? We're in a beginning
Emancipation by decaddecapitation and you can see how much they appreciate it too
Emancipation by evisceration. Here's the pull result from yesterday. Are you pull watchers out there?
And I know we have many for me listening to Neil Rogers a guilty pleasure because um well none of the above
57.9% got 921 out of 1590 votes
Much more than half none of these. Yeah, we believe you. I hate this pull 151
Then we get to the categories cranky old fart 86
Catholic 74 hawkish Republican 55
Gun hugger 49 so I was just getting ahead of myself
Gun hugger 49 redneck 48 employed by another radio station 43
Well guess what they're not climbing up your towers. How do you like that? Right?
Fag haters and I noticed by the way that the a herald article
The clients to mention whose radio tower that is if the hopper wouldn't have told me I would have had no idea
It's our tower. So here's the guy with really good taste
He climbs up the QA and tower behind a herald building to make sure that everybody knows our towers behind a herald building
Did you know that? I guess they told me a while back and I never know that forgot
Now what do we got to crappy signal? They're probably jamming it. Oh, we got to pat marita to the pole pan marita
Okay, I guess I won't be got karate kid to part five. Nope
Employee by another radio station 43 fag hater 34 you fairy right when Christian 32 jump making 25 Jamaicans
Mon Nazi sympathizer 22 old green tooth Cuban 18 clansmen 16 and orthodox two only
16 years. Well, that's uh, I guess that's all of them
You're right all the old orthodox years listen to this show. It's in spite of the fact that they've been hired
Probably like sunny Rosenberg's rabbi exactly. We hate you sunny. Okay, and he's still alive
That would have been a good one to put on list in 2005 sunny Rosenberg for the problem is he
Still alive after 2005
Anyway, we'll get to that kind of a lot of names on there. Who you ending Bob Denver pat marita all these
Right already people 27 past 10 at 560 WQM when you're shopping for shoes make a b-line for brandy shoes and pomp and a beach for the most comfortable fit your favorite style of shoes
And of course always at the right price too
Brandy's cares an unbeatable selection of all the top names rock port four shine echo
Mephisto new balance s a s and all the other business well and Brandy's professional shoe fitters
I'll make sure you have a customized fit of your favorite comfort shoe just as for Arnie
He'll take Dan good care of you and the pros at Brandy's really understand fit and comfort
They specialize in wide wits as well
Brandy's is worth the trip from just about any place in town
So don't forget for the unbeatable combination
Comfort style fit value and selection
It's always brandy shoes there were 12 19 North Federal highway and pomp and obit open daily to line Monday through Saturday and every Sunday till five
And this week another special value of Brandy's take 20% off this weekend all men's four shine shoes
Let me say it again 20% off on all current men's styles of the famous four shine brand only this week and only at Brandy shoes in pomp and obit
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.62 AF
Neil
Yeah
Yeah
Body
I'm so glad.
I'm going to miss you.
1033.
Many will.
I wanted to hate him like poison.
27 before 11 at 5.
CWQM, whose death in 2005 was saddest to you.
That's our poll today.
293 vote.
Richard prior has moved to the top of the list.
I just am shocked.
Why?
I don't know.
There are a lot of good choices on there.
Didn't he sing burning love?
Richard prior?
Loudly.
Richard prior 70.
Johnny Carson 68.
Johnny had a big lead.
Here is Johnny.
And there he goes.
I hate this poll 47.
Only about 46.
There's the negative, the nattering negativity.
It's out for it once again.
But we got it on there for it.
Because we knew that a lot of you would land right there.
Just like a bird.
Or like a bird.
100 est times in 25 speaking of that.
Luther Vandross 22.
Pope John Paul II has only got 17.
Richard prior has got 70.
And Papa has only got 17.
What does that tell you?
Maybe you'll slap on the slab.
That they slept around like some kind of a prop.
That was prophetic.
Prop to love.
And bankrupt 15.
She got my vote.
I love an bankrupt.
You didn't like that bankrupt?
I liked her a lot.
But you didn't vote for her.
No.
Why not?
Because like I told you, a lot of these people we were just waiting for.
We knew that.
And we were waiting for Anne bankrupt today.
I didn't even know she was sick.
She was old, wasn't she?
Rosa Parks 13.
Don Adams 10.
Simon Viesenthal 9.
Who's going to get the Nazis now?
Now that they're running the country, he's going to go chase him.
Bob Denver, we just put him on.
He's already got eight.
He's moving up fast.
Nipsey Russell did as got eight.
Who does all for black humor?
Nipsey Russell, Richard prior.
Terry Chivose 6.
House Terry is two.
Coming.
A Hank Stram 5.
John DeLorean 4.
Yeah, but we got a whole bunch of people in this audience.
Oh, no, DeLorean.
Not.
I wonder if you can still buy one of those.
I'm sure.
What about that guy yesterday that they finally found his 68 vet after 37 years?
How about that?
Kind of like a kind of smarmy.
Predator Smelt of good now.
Paul Winchell 3 probably proposed like some of those cars from New Orleans.
Andy Albert 3.
Frank Perdue 3.
That's the chocolate city, by the way.
George Vest, the footballer 3.
I can't believe anybody in this crowd even knows who that was.
Do you ever hear George Vest?
No.
Big controversial liver transplant for George Vest because it was a boozer.
It was a total drunk.
And then he, you know, he stayed down the straight neural panther by five minutes and then he started boozing again.
He died.
And they're not too happy to give him a liver ahead of a whole bunch of other people.
San Bernardi 2.
Pat Marita's got one.
Thank God we remember to put him on.
Or he's got a vote already.
We can procs by our one, the great senator.
Howard Morris 1.
Sir John Mills 1.
I have no idea who he is.
Some Brit.
Barbara Belgetti's has one.
Want to see it?
Arthur Miller 1.
And none for Jack Anderson, the great muck-wrecking columnist.
The protégé of Drew Pearson before you were born.
Ralph Edwards.
This is your life, Ralph.
It's over.
Skitch Henderson, Hilderguard, William Layman, great congressman from South Florida for 100 years.
None.
John Raighton, Tyrone Davis None.
William Rennquist None.
The great Nazi Supreme Court chief justice.
The Supreme Court's gotten none.
Holy moly.
Prince Rainier None and Saul Bellow None.
Prince Rainier ought to have at least one just for being, you know, doing something with the grace Kelly.
We can't say on the year we did, but Saul Bellow, what a fellow.
He's got none on the 407.
So Richard, prior in Johnny Carson, he looked at two votes apart.
72 for Richard.
And here's Johnny got 70.
That's where the contest is.
Forget about the Pope.
Okay, he's, he ain't feeling good.
Plus, he wasn't a snappy, dresser like the new guy.
My God.
Those, those red shoes, man.
Those are just beautiful.
Remember the red shoe diaries?
Yeah.
I've actually never bought the Pope.
Dominique Q.A.M., hello. Happy Thursday.
Have you got Johnny Cochran on there?
Did he die in 205?
I think so.
Well, let's look it up.
Okay, thanks.
Johnny Cochran, we got him on there to Google it.
Well, it sounds right.
It sounds about right.
I thought he died the year before, but I could be the state.
Well, Google it.
Okay, don't start being Mr. Rxford.
You know how confused we are on this stuff.
It's hard to keep track of dropping like flies.
Yeah, at 05.
Oh, fine.
Johnny Cochran, thank you, pal.
And you already said, if it don't fit, you're foolish, miss.
Something like that.
Now, what he said?
That's what he said.
He had that glove affair with OJ.
If the box don't fit, you must not be dead.
I see.
Well, he is.
Johnny Cochran's dead.
He's with that big law firm in the sky.
He's in a better place now.
All of these others are the last thing.
Yeah, we've probably missed a whole bunch of people on there.
And I tried to do my homework, but some of these websites, obviously,
are very, very marginal.
Okay.
Really not all that great.
I tell our site that they're all whipped up,
buncy, and about this new audio tape of Osami and Mama.
And supposedly he was dead, but then he changed his mind.
He's not dead.
And he says, Bush is a loser, which we even agree with that.
And so it's all on.
He said, by the way, all the Saudi world families send me some more money.
And some more of that oil money is good.
Somebody QYM, hello?
Eddie Guerrero, professional wrestler, died in December.
I'll be there.
Thank you.
Well, this is going to be a big list today.
Eddie Guerrero, remember we talked about that?
We didn't.
I don't remember.
Yeah, we did.
Maybe we were on vacation that week.
Josh, did I remember?
Because I remember you asking me if I knew who that was.
There you go.
See Eddie Guerrero.
You were out that month.
Was Eddie Guerrero?
It was a month like the mad dog to her.
By the way, mad dog, two to six this afternoon.
Not.
Well, we tried.
We tried.
We gave him the answer right there.
I guess maybe they got to go into a straining with negotiations.
And if they leave it the way it is now Curtis today and tomorrow,
that's the information I got from Clarence.
Curtis from Clarence.
So Curtis, two to four mad dog, four to seven.
Jesse Aguars, seven to eight thirty tonight,
hour and a half, a Jesse.
And Josh Curtis said he really is outstanding.
What he said.
He said he is Donald Mike.
In the sound.
Right.
Jesse, seven to eight thirty.
Panther preview, eight thirty.
Huh?
I didn't say with him.
I'm saying well, however, you know, but probably with him.
Eight thirty to nine, Panther preview.
And I was Jesse, do that also or what?
Do what?
The Panther preview.
Yes, you guys.
Well, see there.
See you guys a lot of Jesse.
Now, Panther's at the Phoenix, Kyle,
he's to take on Wayne Gretzky's little girls team
that beat the Leaf Saturday, four to three.
Nine to midnight, and then Eddie K. after the hockey game.
Little Eddie K.
Who just turned 78 to quit a Johnny Fleischman.
Well, I forgot to mention the Hank that I read that story.
She even included the age of the general manager at WTV.
J. Plus, the story is about 10 days old anyway, Johnny.
He was still he asked old bag.
Johnny Fleischman just turned 96.
W.Q.Y.M. Hello.
On the nail.
Yes, sir.
Happy Thursday, too.
Back to you.
I had a strip on question for Josh.
Yeah.
I in Tampa, which is the better one?
Monks are Odyssey.
Monks.
All right, thank you.
Monks, Wayne is Mon.
Right there on Dale Mavery.
But I tend to think I have more damn strip joints in Tampa.
I may think I have.
For a bunch of red nights, man,
he sure has a bunch of preverts over there.
And of course, like everywhere else in the USA,
they keep trying to shut all in places down,
and you can't do with this,
and you can't have no lap dance,
because we know what's going on there.
Oh, God.
Get a life already, will you?
Get a freaking life.
I have no life.
U.S. government.
And of course, next Monday, the election here,
they're going to do the same thing.
They're going to elect the Nazis, Stephen Harper,
and they're going to make the conservatives.
They're going to put them in charge,
and conservatives in America,
rubbing their hands together.
Oh, good.
Now we can do all of that multi-trillion dollar,
you know, the space wars and the star wars,
and all the other wars as well.
So good luck to you, A.
See you around, all of you silly-ass Canadians.
W.Q.Y.M. Hello.
W.Q.Y.M.
Hello.
W.Q.Y.M.
Hey, Ham. Hello.
That was John Charles Daley, doing a voice.
Q.Y.M.
James Duhan.
Scotty from Star Trek.
Oh, that's right.
Scotty from Star Trek.
Don, thank you, sir.
What was it ever again, James Duhan?
James Duhan.
What's Duhan?
What's Duhan, man?
What's Duhan?
Like Bruce, what's his name?
The talk show guy.
Bruce Williams.
What's Duhan under Tuesday?
What's Duhan?
He's still out of the air somewhere, I believe,
and somebody ought to be shot for that.
That's outrageous.
I think we can keep going to L2,
and probably not run out of people that croaked.
We're talking about famous people,
not like your brother-in-law or fat-rich things like that.
How about that? How about we put fat-rich on there?
He was famous.
He was famous on this show.
Huh?
At the track?
Oh, he was legendary.
He had the Super for Christ's sake.
He's a lot more famous than Anderson Cooper
that sends everybody straight to the poop ray.
Anderson, by the way.
You're fair, you kidding me.
This is Neil Rogers.
I remember he had a loser.
This is five-sixteenth-kind.
Another of the heciensions.
I'm a head.
Hello, and welcome to a current affair.
Arnold, tell us about your motorcycle crash.
They went to the hospital right after the accident,
and got stitched up, got piston stitches.
And why aren't we here at the scene of the crash?
I want to get rid of that problem.
You mean that the person that pulled out on front you?
What, hold on, what's that?
Who was he now knowing me there?
What's that?
The 45-month-life, the Jesus' hiding.
What's that thing?
He's the problem of life, looking at the 40-watt range.
What are you going to do?
I hate to do it, but you have to do it.
You're scaring me.
There's no two ways about it.
It's not easy.
Whoa!
Have to love yourself, baby.
1045, Vincent de Chien, Giganti.
Who the hell was that?
Some gangster?
Some gangster.
Some mobsters.
Sounds like to me.
Vincent de Chien.
Yeah.
Okay, there you go.
Vincent de Chien.
I mean, I'd be very sad about that.
I kind of like the mobsters myself.
I think they got a really interesting way of doing business.
And they leave the rest of us alone.
Some of you with the loan sharks, but other than that.
Speaking of that, your telephone call records may be for sale.
Here's that story that people were like hinting around the last couple of days.
Really sick, really stupid, really idiotic, pathetic.
Phone companies and federal lawmakers are demanding it be hauled
to the FCC, launching an investigation.
Now, they're more worried about whether we say crap on a year,
or anas, or something like that.
Famous anas cookies.
But no, people are stealing your cell phone number.
Oh, it's just incredible.
The business of buying and selling private phone call records
is suddenly under considerable scrutiny.
And the internet it turns out has taken something old,
a tool for monitoring cheating spouses or conniving business associates,
and made it new again.
Last week, at least 40 websites were offering cell phone numbers,
unlisted numbers, and calling records.
For 110 bucks or so, they'd said you were months worth of cell phone calling records for any number.
Such records have been bought and sold for decades,
prized by private investigators, lawyers, and people
unless legitimate professions, slime balls,
like maybe Vincent de Chigante.
Case in point.
In 1998, LA police department at a serious security problem suspected mobsters
had received a number of home phone numbers and addresses of detectives.
And an apparent attempt to intimidate them,
obviously showed up at a police officer's home,
while he was at work, and gave his name to the officer's wife.
Now, he just sent him a message, like Joe Azazam,
and I answered the message.
Joe A's.
Rather.
Driven by Walla Hennessey by the way, he's the fourth on the outside.
The LAPD eventually determined that the officer's personal day
came from a Denver firm, Touchstone Information Inc.,
that used a technique known as pre-testing under what pre-text.
Touchstone workers would call up phone companies and records holders
pertain to be regulated as customers or employees,
and get them to divulge account information.
The case stirred outrage.
The FTC forced Touchstone out of business.
It's owner James Rapp, spent a few months in jail.
What kind of music he likes?
Hit up.
Six years later, pre-testing is again in the spotlight.
According to reports this month,
Chicago's police department is warned officers that their cell phone records
are available online.
Illinois Attorney General subsequently subpoenaed locatel.com.
Does that how he said?
No, locatel.com.
I'm sorry.
Locatel.com, a website that sells such records.
Got it?
Locatel.com.
According industry, insiders companies like it obtain their information
from a relatively small group of professional pretexters.
The pretexters buttress their believability by buying such personal data
and social security numbers from online database companies.
Offered a name addressed in the last four digits of a person's social security
number, all that's needed to obtain calling records.
Another route is to buy the information from insiders like phone company employees.
The FTC, when aftertouch, will not first snooping on the private lives of police officers,
but for pretexting financial information from banks.
Our primary focus there was on financial because that's really where the most direct harm is,
said Joel Winston, who tastes good like a cigarette should,
associated directly with the FTC's division of privacy and identity protection.
If I'm pretexting a bank and getting your banking account records, I can drain your account.
If I'm thinking to drain the dragon, it's another thing to drain your account.
The websites that sell phone records these days claim they're not doing anything illegal
and getting them. They claim no specific prohibition exists against posing as somebody else
for paying private information as long as the data is not financial.
Senators Bill Nelson of Florida, it's about time he did something.
Chuck Schumer of New York and Arlen Inspector of Pennsylvania introduced a bill yesterday
that would make it illegal to pose as somebody else when calling a phone company
or for an employee to sell customer data.
What do you think that would have been illegal a long time ago?
I mean duh. Right.
Geez. In the meantime, customers can put a minor roadblock for pretexters themselves
by asking their phone company to set a pin code for their account instead of using their social security number.
See, they can get your social security, but they can't get your pin.
All right. I know it's a course that's from somebody on the inside, in this case they screwed all together.
567-0560, 05-60, if you're rising in singular wireless lines,
Johnny Carson 80, Richard Prior is 79. Look at that.
We got a battle going like crazy.
How the rest times did a distant, security?
Aren't you shocked that Johnny Carson is getting a battle from Richard Prior?
No. Huh? No. Why not? Aren't you shocked, Josh? Not really.
I am. Here. Johnny.
He was our bigger than life itself.
So was Richard Prior.
Then that would be like, we'd have caused me dying or something. We can only pray.
You know, I got to be honest with you.
I watch here for about 30 seconds.
But third man.
Every night without fear.
Because it's just the humor. It's the incredulility of it.
You sit there and you listen. You watch and you listen.
That grotesque creature and that sound that comes out of its throat.
And you say, this is somebody on the air.
This is if I'm supposed to really take this seriously.
But I want to know is just exactly how far.
And the only things that they talk about on any of these talking head.
You know, it's good obfuscation as opposed to talking about all the scandals and the stuff.
The only thing they talk about is the coal miners, the survivor guy.
And then of course the guy that disappeared on the cruise ship.
That's it. That's all they talk about.
Peter Jennings, how could we forget?
Good Canadian boy. Peter Jennings, hey.
How could we have left him off?
How could they have left him off?
All the lists that I scoured through on the internet's man.
They're too busy giving out your phone numbers.
They can't get the information right on the internet's.
Peter Jennings. I never watched him.
I mean, I've watched him a couple of times.
He was alright.
He was a universal afraid train.
Somebody 2 a.m. Hello.
2 a.m.
Hey George.
Whatever George is, yeah.
Who is it?
What is it?
Boomer Sison?
The George.
George who? Washington?
Died in 2005.
Wallace?
Who?
W.A.C.Y.M. Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Didn't John Cash tie this year?
Johnny Cowell.
Yeah.
Mine, oh man.
These internet sites, they missed the big names for Christ's Day.
Johnny Cash ain't just something like, you know,
a seller wrote a hitchhiking old slime ball.
He's a famous slime ball.
Right. So you need to go to Dead or Alive.com.
Oh, I don't have time for it.
Listen, if we'd gotten all of them on their ahead of time,
that's right.
Well, what would we be doing right now?
Go ahead, right.
Think it's all the same.
What would we be doing right now?
Listen, here's a little pool lesson for you.
Mr. Rock, because you're still learning on these pools.
Look at that.
And that is, don't ever like do the complete list on there,
because once you do that, that's the end of your show.
You're right.
Okay. And for those people that hate the pools,
by the way, too stinkin' bad, because these people,
this audience is hanging out of that pool.
It's just like the old maple when you're kiddin' school, you know?
Everybody do the maple thing?
Yeah.
It's like, it's like, you're grabbing for the brass ring
like when you run the fair out mirrory go round.
Believe me, it's the same thing.
They are latched onto it.
Big time.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Yeah, didn't blow out our David.
Did it die last day?
Yeah, it did.
Oh, that's his wishful thinking on your part.
Come on now. Cut the crap out.
Oh, don't, don't, don't, don't.
Good pickin' on old Moe until he gets down from the tower anyway.
56670560, would that be something if he would have done that?
That would have been great.
Come on.
How'd it give it to the dollar?
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
No, you wouldn't.
Q-A-M.
Two dollars.
Yeah.
My battery may die out on my phone, but...
How fast?
Does he got M-Band crossed on the list?
Yes, we do.
Okay, good.
He got 16 votes and she got my vote.
Okay, good.
And thank you so much and conserve your battery, okay?
That's what Sally Fitz always said.
Conserv your batteries.
You never know what they're gonna fall out or run out.
56670560, Tom 560,
I mean, Verizon and Singular wireless line.
Good old Sally Fitz.
Do you remember what Johnny Cochland said?
If the food fits, fight it.
Now, what he said?
Something like that.
The food fighter said that.
474 votes.
Let me tell you what they don't have any.
I mean, we can go back to the other four,
but ones that don't have any, one of these 70s is one on our Johnny Cash.
Jack Anderson, nobody in this audience, members Jack Anderson.
He was like a big muck-waking columnist from Washington.
Remember him? No.
No.
In other words, this is your life, Ralph.
Skits Henderson.
He did the music on his TV.
You know, on the show, he, uh, Mitch Miller,
he was the musical guy.
He was the beer from Rochester, from Rochester, New York.
As was Mitch Miller, by the way, I don't think Skits Henderson was,
but Mitch Miller was, were embarrassed to say.
Hillary Gardon have any John Raite,
with that great voice, John Raite.
Remember him? No.
No.
Her own Davis.
Oh, we don't like jazz, do we?
No, we don't.
Prince Renei and Spada Grace Kelly and Saul Bell,
maybe even Clause of Grace Kelly.
Maybe the people are pissed off at him because somebody better
should have gotten her.
Oh, boy, she was pristine, man.
Yes, it was.
He was clean and pristine, queen.
And Saul Bell, oh, no, no, no, I just got a paper cut.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
Yeah, on my other pinky.
Blood.
Ooh, no, no.
Oh, yeah, you're right.
I'll be right there.
Right on the knuckle of the little pinky on the first knuckle.
Oh, no, no.
Oh, how come paper cuts are so bad?
Because I guess it's AR, huh?
I guess you get paper particles in there to just aggravate things.
No, you don't get paper particles.
What are you talking about?
The paper is like a paper particles.
My ass, probably.
The real, because the paper, the edges,
just thin and very sharp, like, I'll cut right through your neck.
God, too bad we didn't think about that before.
Doh, doh, doh, doh.
W-Q-I-M, hello.
I got the necklace to the...
Oh, I am?
Death line.
Ah, Dick, whatever.
The boar.
Dick, whatever.
The boar.
Whoever chowns on it.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
We only wish.
Oh, God, we only wish.
Dick, whatever, the boar, you know, W-E-B-E-R.
One B.
Okay, I think one B.
I'd better Google it.
Oh, yeah, you were a...
You see, and I'm probably...
When George was a kid, he watched the reruns of the old boaring for a dollar show.
Right, all the time.
Never miss one.
Raid Bluth.
Sure.
Oh, yeah.
Carmen Selvino.
Eddie Koalik's.
Thurman Gibson.
We were always talking about Thurman Gibson,
because we can't remember where Henry Gibson.
That's right.
Right?
But you just did.
Thurman Gibson.
Very strange.
Less handed boar.
Had a Don Carter.
I bet you bolded Don Carter lanes.
Several of them.
See, there you go.
So, there I told you you were a boarling maven.
I wonder how Gary Sibel is doing if he's still doing that boaring boarling stuff on CBS.
Who's death in 2005 was the status for you?
486.
I'll say to one thing about Gary Sibel, man.
He used to...
He sure got his share.
And then some.
Anyway, Richard Prior 84, Johnny Carson 83.
That is just as tight as a Witches heirlobe, man.
I hate this bull 57.
None of the above 55.
Hunter S Thompson 33.
Luther Van Ross 24.
Pope John Paul II 24.
By the way, Happy Thursday, Mal.
He's listening.
And Van Ross 16, Rosa Parks 14, Don Adams 11.
Bob Denver and Nipsy Russell 10, a piece and some and a Veesenthal 10.
Who did all for the Jews?
A Hanks tram 7, Terry Shivoh 7.
How's your shoe?
Terry 7.
John DeLorean 5.
George Vest, the English footballer.
I just can't believe that the George Vest has got four votes.
Can you?
That's shocking to me.
Hope.
Peter Jennings 38, Guerrero 3, Pat Marita 3, Paul Winchell 3.
Headed on my show many times by the way, on the phone.
Any Albert III, Frank Perdue 3, Sandra D3.
He was a good atheist guy, but he lied about it.
James Duin 3.
How are you doing, James?
That's so long.
Johnny Coquing 2.
William Rinkwiss 2.
Fat Rich has got the one.
He had the Super, a one for William Proxmire Howard Morris,
a John Mills William Layman, Barbara Belgetti's, Arthur Miller and None.
For Dick Weber, the borer, with one V, like I said,
Johnny Cash, Jack Anderson, Melford Woodskitchenderson,
Eldergaard John Ray Theron Davis, Prince Rainier and Saul Bello,
even though he was a hell of a fellow.
Oh, man, he's got the big, big, big, up Rogers.
This is 5'16", QA.
This is the Neolodger show.
This is your brain.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, any questions.
I'm turning a page.
I'm turning a page.
At my show, I met a microphone that becomes out.
I'm on my lips.
There's a tape that plays along, and I really hope.
It doesn't skip.
My sister has a beautiful singing voice.
I am so in depth, so I have no choice.
That girl seemed melt.
They cover up for me while I swear.
And shake my hair.
It's a level two at 560 20 minutes away from them ratings coming out the fall rating
book any interest not only by the people in the business and only by those people who
sit out there at the edge of the seats waiting all the frame to fall on his ass this time
they're going to and maybe we will and you know what who cares this fact is excellent
you wonder why why because the last part of it right more names for our the full question
is who's death in 2005 was status to you Eugene McCarthy how can we leave him on I was
at in 2005 or was that in jay not I don't know well look at the Google it we mean you
don't know Google it Jesus God you guys only do a sit there and eat that free food and
you know stick your feet up each other's but what thanks always Eugene McCarthy thanks
now we see that we got the free food and that's what it's all about I was just talking
yesterday about people coming to work and showing up in that place and really sticking
their nose in the back of rhinestone Ed McBane I don't know who that is no Ed McBane
I know Ed McBane which if he died it would be okay with me Ed McBane I don't know who
that Frank Worshin remember the the diddler of the riddler right like Frank Worshin
lot he was good surely chism I mean if Rosa Parks who did more for the black community
surely Chism or Rosa Parks we got Eugene McCarthy died in December so there you go so we're
good these on here I don't know Ed McBane Ossie Davis actor activist all of a sudden he was
80 70 died I might be featured this Google because it is OSSI or Ossie Davis and then the
most important part of this poll is all the Americans who died needlessly in Iraq let's
get that on there immediately if not sooner okay all the Americans who died needlessly in
Iraq got it Josh or whoever's putting these on her Josh Josh in between feedings got it yeah
I got it sorry for interrupting your lunch or the laptop all the way to the board there I know I
know sorry to do that 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 6 in the Verizon singular wireless line of course this
year you had like Lou Rawls already a whole bunch remember a whole bunch of people died there
in just a few days of course I forget who the hell they were but I remember Lou Rawls though you
just about fell off your chair didn't you I was heading to the facts oh so I can tell you why
I'm hello Q I M Uncle Neil yes sir yeah I got a good website for you if you want to look up all
these dead people in a life people stuff it's called dead or alive info dot com uh-huh that's what
I'm looking at and Johnny cashed out in oh three I Johnny cashed the dead a long time let's get him
off of there right away sorry Eric I got one for you since I'm really really fat the guy that said
the time to make the doughnuts Michael fail right yeah Michael Vale right and thank if he would have
just made him one or two less times he might still be with us today and Pat McCormick also who's
that Pat McCormick that real fat guy who was in the uh smoking the band of movies oh Pat McCormick yeah
okay thanks yeah sir put down the doughnuts so let's get Johnny cash off of there he didn't
be the last year 2003 what the facts that he had out of here that what facts said that somebody
sent a facts in of the new story about Johnny cash dying dated 2003 get out of here I walked a
tell me look it up how could how could time be going by that fast when you're older
move here's the official Johnny cash web page down down down down how's his liver coming by the way
which one the one that George Vest took let's see the high I'm Johnny cash it says those four
words resonate and God like in God we trust where's the dates on here I don't want all this other
four-play boy this is difficult I don't think this one we got no man in black dot net oh geez oh yeah
it's the old ring of fire you know what that thing was always doing
blaming first of all here you go I got it CNN leave it to old CNN they certainly not
see news network the date is uh well how was the date on this story post in February September
12 2003 I told you 2003 the man in black died that's ancient history for crying out loud
might as well put you will give in on there too if you're going to put Johnny cash he died three
years ago for Christ's sake right okay that's enough of that hey Johnny this story is going to
like a piss some people off and it rightfully so and the rest of the people go who do you remember
like that who cares an alumni group is offering students up to a hundred dollars per class to
supply tape and notes exposing university a California LA professors UCLA who allegedly express
less extreme left-wing political views in other words if they're left of a telephane uh expose
them the year old Bruin Alumni Association on its website says it's concerned about professors
who use lecture time to press positions against president bush the military and multi-national
corporations among other things all of these all of these things the site includes a list of what
the group calls the colleges 30 most radical professors we're just trying to get people back on a
professional level of things that the group president and founder Andrew Jones I thought he played
for the abrasion 2003 UCLA graduate and former chairman of student Bruin Republicans having been a
student myself up until 2003 and then watching what other students like myself have gone through I'm
very concerned about the level of professional teaching at UCL A summit a group's target's
accusative conducting a witch hunt which I would say absolutely any sober concern citizen would
look at this and see right through it is a reactionary form of McCarthyism said education professor
Peter McLaren whom the association ranked number one is the of the dirty 30 ranking the worst of
the worst the dirty 30 you about 30 man any decent American is going to see through this kind of
right wing propaganda I just find it has no credibility he be saying the association's decision
to name targets and pay students for information led to the resignation of at least one of its 20 plus
five big board members that just seems to me way too intrusive said Harvard historian Stephen Thuronstrom
an affirmative action opponent in former USLA professor it seems to me a kind of
vigilantes and that I very much object to you go Steve you tweeted you Nazi bastard you well
as sweet you know other advisory board members according the association website include Linda
Chavez a former federal civil rights commissioner in the Reagan administration and had a Virginia
based anti affirmative action group former Republican representative Jim Rogan oh that idiot K.O.
Oh no I'm gonna vomit I'm gonna pick my guts out and I haven't even able K.A.B.C. radio host Alice
Randell an activist Joe Hicks UCLA officials said they'll warn the association that selling
copies of professor's lectures would violate campus rules and raise copyright issues the non-profit
association is raised 22 grand from 100 donors said Jones 24 Alice Randell hey Alice you
fair self-hating faggot maybe I'd run away to look with a misdrudge I know it would be a match made
in heaven that would be a match made in purgatory you silly act clean you oh brother you talk about
a sellout but nevertheless you know the parents had money and so therefore he was raised as a good
little Republican and mr. ego kind of solidified that and now he's like a ranting a ranting and
raving ranting you silly ask queen you okay and take down a shankassity pictures Alice people are
starting to talk you simple them God let's see our teal oh our teal what do I want Jim to feed
you with Sam but you have this faxus from Jim to feed this is it hey Jim they have these amazing
things called razors like Casey Casey must say God what a oh how could they put that thing on
television that thing Jim to feed he his thing oh he is just gruesome he looks like a gigantic
buddy nevans like they both brought out of the same dumpster yeah our teal you got it we got it I
wonder what was his favorite color short truce teal maybe black I don't know anyway he's dead
I'm Jim the feed he said that he had this note and anyway well she'd give the feed if the
hero let him more fact maybe that's really Jim the feed you up on our tower and by the way if
it is believe me you won't be hearing us too much what's the law this is neo rajas this is 5.6.2.8
then
years of what remained of my life I gave to this place.
Just for all time I think of going ahead on the views of the blissfully impertinent moon.
I had had enough for you, dear guy.
Not you just asked those old liey-y-y-y.
You passed it through the window and then died.
I must stay home far away from here.
I'll hand my kids back in for you, dear guy, and I drove on cow.
I know who my orifice and clean out my desk.
That is a by-o-wee hand in order to soar a desk.
I slept up to both her to the farthest and watch the shoppers from her friends.
Rest in the court.
I wandered and waited for the moon, felt this way, when he got pointed out for a day.
Boy boy, Mollmeister, it's 118 at 5.60.
I am speaking of that.
Racko.
Oh!
Here's Johnny.
He can't catch Richard Pryor so far.
They got an unbelievable fierce battle.
Never had two dead people fought so valiantly, you know what?
Richard Pryor 94, Johnny Carson 91, holy moly rat man, it is tight.
I hate this full 66 on the above 60 minutes, way down to 100 S Thompson 37 and after that it's really small potatoes.
How are the troops doing, by the way?
They are moving up fast and they should be.
They should pass everybody.
All the Americans died needlessly in a Rack 12 and just went under like four seconds ago in between sandwiches from Hawes.
Chili.
Oh, you got chili today?
Oh yeah.
Oh, I thought of some Hawes.
It's from Chili.
Travels.
I have the sales manager taste tested first before you guys eat it.
An audio tape message reported to me from Al Qaeda leader Osama Yamama warns the American people that plans for terror attacks in the US are already underway.
Oh my god.
I would also like to say that the war against American and allies will not be confined to a Rack.
A Rack has become a magnet for attracting and training talented fighters the voice said.
Isn't that exactly what it said that add in the New York Times back to after 9-11?
Please invade a Rack.
Please, pretty please Mr. Bush and of course he did.
See this has got nothing to do with the Arabs and the Jews.
This has to do with the Bushes and the Bin Laden.
Right.
That worked out in the middle of it.
CNN could immediately confirm that the voice in the poor quality audio tape which was aired on Arabic language network Al Jazeera today was that have been loud and high ever.
CNN, senior editor of Arab Affairs Octavian Nasser said it does sound like the Al Qaeda leader.
Sounds like him.
See, they're him a rich little.
He died yet by the way.
I wish.
I know that voice sounded the same like him.
They all sound like rich little old strong with that.
All your voices sound like you.
Yeah, but I don't claim to be an impression.
Armoujah had the enravelled to overcome all the security measures in European countries.
You saw the operation and made your European capital's voice on the tape said as for a similar operation taking place in America.
It's only a matter of time.
They're in the planning stages and you'll see them in the heart of your land as soon as the planning is complete.
Nanakur is down but a beep bit a boop.
But about your president Bush has been misleading you.
He lied when he said the people are behind him.
Opinion polls have indicated that the overwhelming majority of you wanted to pull the troops out of our land.
We have the answer to these misleading information.
Why get with your grammar man.
These situations in Iraq is getting worse for you when the dead and the injured among you is on the rise.
The voice on the tape said it's not exactly what polls he's talking to.
But they went and they got the one about 53% said the things are going badly in Iraq and beep bit a boop.
Half the response and said it was a bad idea to send you as troops to enter first place.
The message also from Osama Yama mama offered a truce.
It is obvious now that Bush has been misleading the people.
It's better for you not to fight the Muslims on their territory.
And we offer a long term truce.
We are a nation that will not stab people in the back.
We would like to be built or rack in Afghanistan.
There is nothing wrong in this approach.
We are aware that the war mongers are against this option.
The voice said.
If the voice on the tape is determined to be that of Osama Yama mama will be the first message from him since he released two audio tape messages in December of 2004.
The last video tape message from him will see just before the US presidential election was stolen in 2004.
So there you go.
There is Osama Yama mama.
And CNN is all over it like stink on a grave.
The threat they already have been effective and grabbing the attention of the world media.
No, but we put it up.
We put it up.
Thanks to people like you, Mrs. Limbaugh, you simple to me.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Thisド fight makes me confused when he involved Rodis.
Do I allow him to resign?
Billy�, Peony.
I think more than acontecer with the UK.
I think we will be losing downloads.
I got a great idea.
Let's do every day we'll do a poll on a different year, 2004, and we'll, and they'll like
mix and match.
We'll like move more on a little bit.
Like 1914, you know, how's that?
Okay.
Because we don't want to be too predictable, right?
Seven minutes away from the bottom of the hour, baby, 1130.
We're going to feel dirty at 1130.
You know what I mean?
Thought dirty, man.
Because the numbers come out.
I feel unqueen already.
I really don't.
Do you have any permenitions?
No.
I think it'll be all right, though.
Okay.
Not great, though.
And of course, I would need that.
That big goose from Wilma, we're already going to make a good excuse.
I would need that.
That big goose from Hurricane Wilman.
I remember that a huge month because anybody and everybody, if they want to hear what's
going on, they turned over.
They were expecting at least that they might have some news on instead of talking about
a stupid bunch of ball games that got canceled, you know?
Jesus.
You know, there comes a time in life.
Well, whatever.
Well, we'll see.
And clearance, of course, was in the very nervous cracking.
You were knuckles this morning.
That was something.
Speaking of cracking your ass, the Marlins in Highly, to talk about a park.
And that is just so choice, man.
There are no words to describe how choice it is.
The Highly Marlins.
Then that's send you right to the hole.
I'll be going even less than before.
Oh, no.
You are a fan.
The Highly Marlins is the herald and very jackass contributing to this problem, too.
And Robert Steinback and Rebecca Delegloria and Gloria Swanson.
I do like to approach them.
I love the Marlins in Highly, I tell you what I do like is the Stofers lasagna.
Me, too.
Don't make it with ricotta cheese.
I love ricotta cheese.
You just never had good ricotta cheese.
If you went to Doris Market and got the commodities over there, you'd say, oh, this is
very mind-groom, very fantastic.
The Marlins in Highly, a mere Julio Robina will meet next week to discuss the possibility of building
a baseball stadium in Highly, a reminder confirmed last night.
Robina said Marlins representatives arranged to meet.
He mentioned three possible sites for a ballpark, highly a park racetrack, an area west of
Interstate 95, both privately owned, and the media air-hard park, which is day property.
Oh, a media air-hard, she died, too, by the way.
And did you hear about Catherine Harris?
Is it a long shot?
I'm not looking at it as a long shot, Robina.
Instead, I want to do everything possible to keep the Marlins in South Florida.
I've been approached by residents and people in the community have reached out to me.
The Marlins confirm next week's mean, but it's time to comment further.
Not everyone in Highly has convinced the fludging courtship has likely turned into a committed
relationship.
Highly, a council president Esteban Steve Volvo said that while he'd like to see that
Marlins come to Highly, he wouldn't be surprised if Florida's fifth largest city was being
used as a pawn in the pub's quest for a permanent home.
No kidding, Steve, Esteban.
If the Marlins want to come to Highly, I'd be the first guy churling for the cause, Volvo
said, but I wouldn't put a pass to Marlins to be using the city of Highly, as a ploy
to get the city of Miami moving on the assure somebody else.
Alejandro Miar, press secretary of Miami mayor Mani Diaz declined to comment, and the
aparita used to sit around on the shoulder of a mayor of Team Pim.
He ain't speaking that.
How's your buddy doing, by the way?
One, maybe, uh, huh?
I've heard from him.
Yeah, since it became one of those army of the people in the area.
Yeah.
It was like a Scott McClellum of Dave County, Juan Mediana.
Although we used to like Juan, we never did like Scott at all.
Lion piece of craft Scott McClellum, God's gonna get you, baby.
You lie like crazy.
You tool.
He's just another tool, kind of like Erie Fleischer.
And who is the one?
Who's the other one?
Pete Williams.
Hey, Pete.
You're fair, aren't you?
I never forget when we were doing the, uh, Don't Ask, Don't Tell That Whole Thing.
Pete Williams was the, he was the, uh, the, uh, the spokesman for the, uh, Clinton
administration.
And he was out there like, but a beep, but a boop, but about the, uh, in the meantime,
he's, uh, who you, who you fool on, Pete, okay?
You closet queen.
It's just very sad.
Kind of like Alice Rantell and Miss Floyd.
This number is coming out in just moments, baby.
Get on the edge of your seat.
I squeeze it really tight.
Absolutely.
A, uh?
Get.
Absolutely.
Absolutely
Un opinion
ete
And if we
We'll
He
in jail for life.
Yes.
Should we like a little baby?
Liberals say he's been born.
Bush will stand by him forever.
But we're gay.
My rights are ruined.
I need to break my rights.
You're especially, and we can speak about reeky.
The Sun Sentinel is taking a poll right now as we speak on their website.
A group strongly supported by Florida's Republican Party wants a voter referendum this November.
A one-off ban, gay marriage is in the same sex civil unions in the state.
Are you four against the ban?
Only 173 votes so far.
I guess it just went on a short time ago.
173?
40.5%.
77.5% in favor of the ban.
53.8% in favor of the ban.
93.3%.
I'm not sure how I'd vote 10 responses.
They don't know what that's all about.
Wait a minute.
Are they taking the survey?
This is on the Sun Sentinel website.
I'd better go vote.
I'd better go there and vote.
And I should point out to you that there's a whole bunch of gay people getting married here and through the weekend.
Because after Monday's election here in Canada and Stephen Harper probably got a woman to conserve it is they want to get married now while they still can.
They want to get, they want to hitch it up.
They want to go to the hitching post.
Do they want to wait?
The movie should be there by now.
What was the good one?
They're both good.
For a pro-primable hero.
No, that's next week.
Primal fear.
It's not there yet?
No.
What surprised me if some of the life-fingered people that are going to take all these movies home?
Wouldn't be the first time.
Famous death with?
Famous death with?
Yeah.
Yep.
This is from Riley.
Riley Gawthro.
How do you like that?
Next-melling boxer.
You ever smell him?
No, I never.
He was the great German boxer at the Tokyo Lewis.
Yeah.
Yeah, he had a whole bunch of John Gerriss like him a lot.
Next-melling.
Prince Ray, we got on there, Eddie Albert, we got on there, Barbara, we got Sid Lough producer, 1015.
Wasn't he married to Judy Garland or her sister?
No.
Sid Lough.
I'm serious.
And Vincent Sheaheali, the actor.
Remember him?
That's right.
I thought that was just a...
That was 20705.
It was just out of the wire, baby.
Just before they changed the new year, he got...
That did a service for us.
He was a good guy.
It says, I'm glad I'm not the only one who thinks PT Anderson's Magnode is a masterpiece
of filmmaking.
Amy Mann's incredible score in soundtrack fits the movie to a T. One of my favorite
soundfacts of all time also.
A bit of Amy Mann, for the issues, married to Sean Penn's brother Michael Penn, who was
in PT Anderson's Boogie Knights.
And hope for that soundtrack also, which we just love Boogie Knights.
That's what their music actually inspired PT Anderson to write their script for Magnolia.
How do you like that?
Huh.
I bet you didn't know that either one of you guys.
Oh, either three of us.
Well, no, I had no clue about that or much of anything else.
I went in this fast start coming over the wire.
I thought, boy, that's pretty quick for the numbers.
Maybe we could be number, huh?
Maybe we could be number...
Number...
Number...
One is number...
That's noose, he was there somewhere.
Come on, come on, where are we, Amy?
What?
One million times.
One million times.
It can be as bad as one is for me.
It's a great movie.
And I'm sick and tired of hearing all of them.
And picking what it is mean and what it that mean.
And the ending wasn't long enough.
And we should have made it 10 hour movie.
I didn't quit it.
Oh, I didn't quit it.
They didn't finish up all the story.
That's what we did.
When the three and a half hours, they ran out of film.
Okay.
They ran out of film.
That's what it was.
They ran out of film.
You said that they didn't wrap up all the story lines.
There's no movie that ever wraps up all the story lines.
Ever.
Okay.
How about the psycho?
Did we have a psycho part two?
Maybe we can have Magnolia part two.
And then even we say, what's the other one?
What's the other one?
What's the other one?
I don't know.
Every time you take that poll, it winds up in the bottom three.
What's that?
Best movie that you ever liked, no matter how you slice it.
What's the other one?
Magnolia.
That's not true.
That is.
The best movie that of all time was Magnolia is in the bottom three.
They're about.
I'm going to tell you, during the next break, Mr.
During the next break, I'm going to go back into our history of our polls that we've done.
And if Magnolia is in the bottom three, I will stick my tongue all the way from Toronto down there.
And look at your cheek.
I like that.
Brother takes a money.
Yeah, well, that's the best I can do right now.
I had a rough day Monday.
All right.
It could have been a lot worse.
620 votes.
If we can get to about 660 by the top of the hour, we can make 1,000 today.
That's what John's court is.
He's figuring out right now.
He's analyzing it.
He's approving it.
He's thinking about it.
I'm doing the poll too.
Huh?
Don't you think we can do 1,000 today?
We got 622.
It's more than possible.
And certainly with all the Americans that died needlessly in Iraq now having 46 votes,
and going to pass everybody else like they're standing like they're lying or flat out, which they are.
That should be number one by a million miles.
That should be most significant to all of us, to anybody with a brain.
The hell would Richard Pryor, the hell would Johnny Carson?
Here is Johnny.
You know, the stupid ass monologue, you know, the whole same old, and with what's his name?
Who that was in the band?
Doc Severance.
Doc Severance.
And number two is he's still alive.
Yeah.
Oh, brother.
Always tutin' on that horn.
Looks like he were made out of golf pants.
Wonder what the mole would've said about him.
56670560, boy, it's 1137 already.
Haven't they come in there with any numbers?
Yeah, just now.
Handed me some of the 12th grade.
So you lost my circuit powers again?
Are they smiling from the...
No, no.
He said, eh, like with the one lip curled up.
Who said that, Clarence?
Yeah.
Yeah.
So that's not good though.
Not so far, but we just got the 12 plus right now.
Oh, in other words, he's, that's all we got?
Well, so that doesn't be naming.
Well, send him along.
Okay, send me whatever you got.
In fact, I got a huge stack of fast people.
They're all primed up and ready to go.
All lubed up.
No one at the numbers are coming out today.
I'll do it up when the numbers come out.
Speaking of numbers, the job of carrying out the voter mandate to bring slot machines to
our counties been taken over by rowing tractors and cranes as your slum sentinel, workers
this weekly and tumbling the 40-year-old concrete bleachers at Pompedo Park, tearing walls
and twisting metal to make way for a 157,000 square foot racey note that will house four
restaurant shops, a sports bar on a state imposed maximum, a 1,500 slot machines, of which
many will be good machines, man.
We think it'll be a first class facility that Alan Solomon executive vice president
of Iowa Capricacino's, which owns the harness track in Pompedo Beach.
Pompedo Park is the latest permute.
We're not breaking ground for the biggest style machines.
Construction is also underway in at least two other venues, a lot of the set up slots.
Executives believe gambling will begin and brow within six months.
Six months.
We're moving ahead, said the actings of how do we bring a hunt track.
We should have been in the operation by now.
You know what, Dan?
That should be correct.
There should already been the bell should be ringing and people should be singing and
have it a good time and the money should be clinking and all of it, but not in Florida,
man.
Just drag their feet, drag their feet.
At the dog track, the first and third floors of a remodel to make way for slots, a new
marty graph theme will redefine Hollywood Greyhound and an initial phase that will cost about
45 million.
Stots will remain there until a new 65,000 square foot building with restaurants and
shops is erected on the east side of the track, preliminary plans call for a hotel to
complete a third phase.
The all-screen park in Hallendale, which Hank hates like poison, is in the midst of building
a 40,000 square foot facility housing restaurant in a sports bar.
Executives there also said they hope machines will be up and running in six months.
The fourth pair of mutual ladder runs slot machines.
Daniel Highlight can be reached for comment on Wednesday.
Maybe they will are squeezing their polotas.
For some of the tracks, these plans are scaled back, dreams of what could have been if they
had their way.
In Pomato Park, initial plans call for a 150 million dollar entertainment, Mika.
O'am Mika, with nightclubs hotels even a water park.
Those projects are still up in the air as the count and figure out how much profitability
is been knocked out by restrictions imposed by the Florida legislature.
We don't want to have a Mika there because too many herbs will show up.
The state legislate, well, we know about this, but I mean, we're in the process of
completing the design of the interior.
We're costing all that out and establishing a budget said Solomon who up the legislature
would have allowed his facility to carry 3,000 machines.
You have to understand that with 1,500 less machines, that takes 20 to 30 million out of
the project.
Solomon hopes to have more solid times within two months.
The FDA is having 39 new agents and analysts to be responsible for monitoring the slots operations
and the state division of paramountial wage we must write regulations within six months
to allow the machines to begin operating.
If no rules are written within six months, the track will still be allowed to run their
machines under temporary licensing.
Drag your feed on the old Mississippi mud.
Isn't that that saying?
Drag your feed on the Florida mud and the Everglades.
Okay, let's reach back.
I know it's great time, but let me take a look and see why it turns to be like that.
12 plus 6 to midnight.
This is the whole enchilada.
Number 1 WEDR, taking a huge jump there.
What the hell happened with that?
CMQ FM, heavy ethnic here, maybe.
Hot number 3.
Dropping precipitously from number 1.
Life.
Life with a 5, 4 and a 5 for this.
They just stayed the same.
Always the same slush.
Radio Mambe, okay, this is 12 plus.
Of course, it's the old Julio's baby.
What do you want?
I don't see us anywhere.
2, 2 to a 2o.
2, 2 to a 2o.
Oh, that's 12 plus.
That's the old one.
That's the old one.
That's the old one.
That's the old one.
That's the old one.
I am Z from 1, 5 to a 1, 9.
I told you, watch out for that scare American.
What about those other guys across the street?
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh from a 0.5 to a 1.1.
That, that, that, that.
Of course, that's the dolphin book.
Is that a good excuse?
Sure, what is it?
This is 12 plus.
WFTL.
That's a normal canceled station, 0.4.
Take a NWPPC, which I even know what that is.
PPC from non-existent to a 0.3.
Heavy, heavy duty.
Okay, let's do the breaking.
And we'll come back and give you a bunch of numbers
that nobody will understand.
This is the new Roger.
This is 560 QAF.
Oh, the right answer is caught by that.
That is now what's up with Barry Yosheron.
Some days you say that he is fine.
Some days you say he has flat line.
So come on and let us know.
Will he stay or will he go?
He would not fake, fake, fake.
He had a stroke for heaven's sake.
I think someone is telling lies.
Don't even know if he's alive.
Maybe he's doing just a song.
What's up with Barry Yosheron?
Do you want to tell you about Iowa?
He's going through the real things to Will.
They should not have even done a November thing.
I could just forget about it.
Why don't we die with you think they got sent back in November?
About third, man.
What is it?
We'll be this show anyway.
We'll be number two when we get the tentative.
I'm sure that IOD is going to kick our ass.
And it did.
Well, I knew that.
Did I take that this morning?
Yes, you did.
There was no doubt about it, man, because of the hurricane.
And IOD also keep in mind IOD was simulcasting IOD during November.
For a couple of weeks during that, will my business?
In other words, you already know this.
They told you that?
No, I just looked as I was acting to you.
You looked at what?
In other words, you already get it.
I'd hit 10 to 3 and then I just added our usual 1-ish that we get when we extrapolate it.
In other words, you're not even number two.
I know we're like three.
We're like five.
What are you talking about?
We're number five and men.
10 to three.
2554?
Right.
Wow.
But the other numbers that are ahead of us, were a five point three.
The other one is like a five point two to five point three.
So on the other, the one that we usually add on to that when you extrapolate it.
Well, I'm going to nice know on your folks.
Let's see.
25 to 54 men.
Top 105.
Heavy ethnic and Wilma, you put that together.
IOD, look at that.
From a three point six in a summer book to a number two, five point seven.
Okay.
That's what happens when something besides ballgame is going on the world.
We take a big dump here on QAM.
Thanks to that fantastic news department that we've got, man.
We can keep you right on top of it.
EDR third.
C. A. Q. fourth.
W. A. M. R. O. Mann, talk about heavy ethnic.
How about it?
Well, more went from 11 to fifth.
EDR got all the diaries.
They just broke all kinds of records all across the day.
Did they really end up across that?
WSDJ, 444 to a 4.5.
Big 5.8 down to a 4.
These numbers are sad.
They're sad.
Let's see.
What about life?
Is number eight?
QAM.
Look at that.
I guess that's overall.
From a 4.5 and men 8.25 54 to a 3.4 from number 5.
Number 10.
Oh my God.
That's what it goes when he had that hurricane, baby.
INZ 2.0 to a 2.5.
I don't know who was scared of America because they've been dropping like a rocket.
It's got to do with the hurricane.
Waxi, from a 1.3 to a 2.2.
They were in a 2.2 over there.
They went from 23 to 20.
It's the 19th.
In men 25 54, they make it a big move.
Can you smell it?
Wow.
This is scandalous.
This is what this is.
Isn't it?
I guess.
Sure.
Why not?
Well, we had the hurricane.
I mean, we were expecting this.
I told you this.
Didn't I tell you I had a bad feeling about this?
I could smell it.
Yeah, but you say that all the time.
Oh, I better put some paper in there.
Okay.
Whistle to him.
Where's that rapper's delight bed there, Josh?
We've been rehearsing for that.
You have to loop it.
You know what?
He's not out of music.
I'm going to do this.
Okay.
Kill that crap.
Let's see.
Okay.
So that's pretty interesting, marginally.
All right.
Let's see what happened in the Bay part.
It's okay.
Men 25 54.
And we can dispense with this crap.
So I guess we can't play that thing anymore.
We'll play it anyway.
Okay.
We'll find some demo.
Two in damage.
In retards.
How do you know we're number two?
You're just guessing on it.
We got to wait till Ma...
Levent Wrong.
I don't know.
By the name of this far is that extrapolation.
Men 25 54, 6 to 10 AM.
WXDJ is number one.
No speaking English.
I eat.
I'm, I'm a God.
Big.
Uh.
And that interesting, they've dropped from a 7-1 tier to a 6th floor but they moved from
number three and number two.
This is very...
I did this whole thing screwed up.
The following about audio on more which continues creeping up and up.
Notice.
Big and English in South Florida, baby.
High 105, 8.9 to a 59, they took a big drop.
That's in the morning.
W.Y.O.D.
From a 2-7 to a 5-3.
A double of the audience thanks to Wilma.
They should only Kroko.
Okay.
?
The two-man woman did not go to the tower over right on the Dan Bay.
We doubled the audience through an end, do you remember?
That was WIOD.
That was not this radio station.
Exactly.
CNQFM442-5, third number six, no speaking English.
EDR4141, some of which you're talking about, maybe some places.
What am I missing on here?
Oh, I guess QIM.
Magic 3-3-3 point.
Oh, yeah.
That's that bottle of Hamilton music, man.
There's stuck.
Love 2-9-2-3, radio swave 1-1-2 point.
Oh, I'm going to tell you, man.
This is such a heavy ethnic thing.
I guess all the nonethnic still left town for two months.
Holy W-A-S-U-A radio swave.
Oh, my God.
Oh, God.
Each DR, I don't know what that is.
1-9-2-5, what is that?
That is correct.
What is that?
Huh?
The rock station for light of a better term.
Right.
QIM, this is in a morning 3.8 from number 8 to number 12 to a 2-5.
Oh, my.
Oh, the coast, 2-8 to a 2-5 and in PPC.
What is PPC?
Sorry.
P-B.
Huh?
That's a combination.
I don't know what that is, but they're number 15 with a 2-4.
They tied WACI.
They tied WACI.
So let's see in the morning, we had a 2-5 and WACI went from a 1-4 to a 2-4.
That's where their increase was.
They had a big goose in the morning there.
And you know what I'm thinking again?
No.
What?
Ira.
Hank was moving up nicely once the basketball season ended there and jumped away to hell up,
gooseed it up, and then we got Ira back.
You put him in Ira again?
Nobody will, yes.
Nobody will listen to me.
You know, he just, all of that stuff.
I got nothing to say about it.
I'm going to keep my mouth shut.
They won't listen to me anyway.
You know that.
Oh, yeah.
No matter what I say, they run the other way.
They do the exact opposite.
How come the rest of the stuff ain't coming over now?
I don't know.
What all through?
Still sending here.
Page 24, 25.
I'm just not printing it yet.
That's because I just shoved it up on there.
A lot of buffus.
It'll come flying through there.
Okay.
Let's get back to business.
Okay.
We stuck to number five and men, which is unprecedented.
I think on any station.
I never heard of that.
I just want to see the numbers over my saw before I just saw whether I agree with your
analization.
The way you got your thumb in the right place.
Okay.
Let's get back to the poll.
Okay.
Who's death in 2005 was saddest to you.
Richard, prior 100 Johnny Carson 96.
Come on folks.
I hate this poll 71.
None of the above 64.
All the Americans who died needlessly in Iraq 62.
That will be number one.
And should be.
What else forgot?
None of the above 80, 65.
How do I rest?
Thompson 43.
Pope Paul's got.
Bob Thirdman.
Luther Van der Rost 29.
And Bankroft 21.
Rosa Park 16.
Peter Jennings 13.
John Adams 13.
Nifty Russell 11.
Simon Hadith and Paul 11.
Bob Denver 10.
Eddie Guerrero 8.
Terry Chaivo 8.
Hank Stram 7.
George Best 6.
James Duin 5.
Billy Winkwist 5.
John Delorean 5.
And after that, it's teeny tiny potatoes.
This thing is not printing them out or received it.
But let me take a look.
It's receiving.
But I don't know what else receiving at this point.
It's maybe just got worn out.
It just got a tear to pump it up around the sheets.
It's a breathe.
5670560.
Pound 560.
So how did Waxi do in midday?
Since you got them and I don't.
I don't have it anymore.
What do you mean you don't have it anymore?
They get taken out out of here.
What else is that all about?
Suppose that this doesn't come through and you got to refact it again.
What do you mean they get taken out out of there?
Or here they come back?
Jesus, what kind of a pile of communist garbage is this?
I don't know.
It's going to be sucked in here.
I told you the Wilmore was going to break our back.
Did I tell you that?
Yeah.
I've burned it some more than five or ten minutes.
How did they do?
They did the gigantic during the morning.
They run the verge of passing.
I mean, a Hank like you standing still.
For the midday's rescue, right?
Yeah.
0.8 to a 1.7.
Uh-oh!
More than double that audience.
And what do we have?
We had a 5.0 from a 6.5 to a 5.0.
And they had a 1?
1.7.
And it's pretty close.
5.0 to a 1.7.
We had a 5 and then 2554?
10 to 3.
And what do they have to do in half?
See, these numbers are not coming through.
Sorry, I will have to refact them.
No, wait a minute.
Afternoon was a from a 4.3 to a 3.7.
So now it says receiving page 1 again.
Well, I thought that might not go as well.
I'll make sure you don't get it back.
So that's another page 1 that you must be going.
Oh, boy.
Okay, doing the break, I guess I'll try to figure that out.
Okay.
All the stuff.
Because the audience doesn't care about it.
This is inside stuff and we get like half the...
If assuming you're right, we're number 2.
We get like a half-assed bonus and that stuff.
I'll bet my bonus on it.
And Josh probably bent his bonus on an archon aiming.
Yeah, double it.
Trivel it.
Shoot the moon, son.
Now, what was IOD's number?
I'm curious.
We had a 5.
I mean, IOD's number was 1.
Probably a 7.
8.
8.
7.
9.
See, I told you.
I told you how many of these compete with a hurricane, man.
Well, he had like a month of my hobby off the air.
And despite all of our efforts, you know, we had the conference room set up for the information
hotline.
Oh, and listen, I sat here on the internet and on the CNN thing and like day after day
thinking we're giving out some good information, we'd have been better off just playing crap,
you know?
I'm serious.
I'm serious.
Parts sounds for a few weeks.
We had probably had a 15 shares.
This is Neurodgers.
This is 5.
69.
8.
This is Dick Jae, I like to relax by having Mary Magdal and massage my ball while listening
to the Neurodgers 12-1 hour beeping in here.
He was ready to leave the city
And tried to leave him then I
He was bending his spine
He was ready to leave the city
He was ready to leave the city
So carry out the liberty
George was used to that when he was a kid
It was a slavery day
George is George's father, he was a kid
He wants the white house to be all good
I guess it's not quick to die
So he handed me the key
He was like a star
Because when the best time of his
And the high-eye
That's the way it's all
I don't know for no one even I just today
George, would you ever get it to say
You know, you're the favorite thing
George, you get it to say
Come on in at 560
Let's say cottage, okay for a QIM
What do you say?
It was a good idea
How about you, Martin?
George was out of the room when you said whatever you said
So I'm just refaxing it
Oh, I said refax please
Because I like, we set my thing there
We just sit there
I'm dressed up all the time
The 10 to 3 and the 3 to 7
There you go, that's it, that's all I need
I don't need all another Schweiner Rye
Schweiner Rye
All that Huzzarye
Let's see, 10 to 3
It looks just as bad here as it is before
Honestly, I don't have the rest of the morning
But I don't want it
Because after the top 24
I mean, Waxy, look at that
Move from 22nd to 15th
It's that Joe Rose against Ira
I mean midday
Look at that
5-2
We got a real strong shot
We're probably going to be number 2
Right?
Right
I think it's a lot
IOD is 7.9
CMQ 5-3
Time per second with EDR 5.3
And love 94 5.2
Then we got a 5.0
That's 10 to 3
So 10 to 2 probably got like a
Maybe a 6, 5, 8
I think you're right, number 2 is a lot
Well, that's not too bad, that's a little tough
But we got everybody in South Florida
Got screwed by Wilmos, so I shouldn't we, I guess, right?
Sure
Again, man
So I guess there was Josh's big bonus
Down
Right down the toilet, I guess
That's sort of the biggest forget about it
That's bad news
Bad news for us
And of course Greg Reak can say
Where you see I'm not there anymore
You see I'd go in on toilet
Well, guess what you were here doing all of this
Greg with your fantastic leadership during Wilmos
I mean, I'd probably, I don't want to go into him
I don't want to even touch him with your hand
Afternoons WIOD, number 1 with a 5.9 up from a 4.1
I mean, it's the hurricane baby
Is there any doubt about it?
Is there anybody with a half a brain?
So between the hurricane and the ethnic fallout
The ethnic who sent back the diaries because they had nothing else to do
Man, this is just scary
Look at that hot one from a 4.70
I've done it at 5.7
They went from 2 to 2, EDR
Actually dropped them, I don't know what you were looking at
You're like confused
Okay, radio on more, they're the ones
Oh boy, they're the Chigarita Woodpile radio on more
4.2 to 4.5
Big took a big dump
Look at that, look at the afternoon
Big went from number 1 to number 5
They lost one and a half points
And this book is so outrageous
Radio Swaave, nobody even knows where to find them
On the dial, look at this
In the afternoon they went from a 1.1 share
Which is about where they always are
Nobody even knows, it's about a 10 watt AM
Monospegating Lays Station
To a 3.7 from 25th to 9th
Tied with QAM
Which dropped from 5th to 9th in the afternoon
Oh boy, from a 4.70 with 3 to a 3.7
INZ 27 to a 3.5 to resummon casting IOD for like 2 weeks at least
And Waxi, 1.8 to a 3.1 in the afternoon
So Magdog with a 3.7 and Waxi with a 3.1
Da-da-da-da-da-da
Here they come, here comes Joel Feinberg and that gang
Yeah, exactly
We're number 5 baby
We're number 86
I think that's what we got done, we got 86
Well, we were long overdue for one of these
And you know what, who cares?
As long as the checks keep coming, I mean we do care
But it's like I said, we're just going to think our way through
Now what is this fast that you sent me?
Despite your call yesterday, this has not changed
What does that mean?
But the do not call registries.
Remember we didn't know what to think after all the
Everything stories that we were getting?
It says if you received an email telling you that your cell phone is about to be assaulted by telemarketing calls
This is from the FCC, no less, as a result of a new cell phone number database
Rest assured that this is not the case
Telemarketing to cell phone numbers has always been illegal in most cases
And will continue to be so
In response to recent email campaigns urging consumers to place their cell phone numbers on the
National Do Not Call registry
The FTC and the FCC issued this advisory to give consumers the facts
One emailing, making around says, oh here you go, this is the one
Just a reminder, in a few weeks cell phone numbers are being released to telemarketing companies
We'll start to receive sales calls, you'll be charged for these calls
To prevent this call the following number from your cell phone
And it's got that 88th number that the guy called in
Right, it is the National Do Not Call list
It will only take a minute of your time, it blocks number for five years passing on all your friends
Another version claims the FTC is set up a Do Not Call list
It's called a cell phone registry to be included on the Do Not Call list
You must call from the number you wish to register
Here's what you need to know about the National Do Not Call registry program
FCC regulates this prohibit telemarketers from using authorized dollars to cell phone numbers
Automated dollars are standard in the industry so most telemarketers are
Vard from calling consumers on their cell phones without their consent
The federal government does not maintain a national cell phone registry
Personal cell phone users have always been able to add their numbers to the National Do Not Call registry
The same registry consumers use to register their landlines either online or at www.donotcall.gov
Or by calling toll free and it is the correct number
1-882-1222 from the telephone number they wish to register
1-882-1222 registration has become effective within 31 days of signing up directive for five years
There is no cut off data deadline for registrations
Business to business calls are not covered under the registry
1-882-1222 call from the number you want to have block all that crap
And the moral of the story is if you want to know the moral of the story
Oh the moral of the story
Oh the moral of the moral of the moral of the moral of the moral of the moral of the moral
If you hear about it from an email or from a column or a radio show think again
Yeah
Oh well that's why we always like double and triple check like how's Catherine Harris doing by the way
Oh she's just fine when you're playing there
Mmm
So this was, you know, and it's easy to say well will mind but it happens to be true and like I said yesterday
You're saying ahead of time as opposed to after because it sounds like crimes filled milk
That doesn't explain however the a waxy increasing
I was there with that being the dolphin situation with that being that they're making a move now
Are they making a move you think?
No
Look I'm sure that you all would like to have a stink that they're making a big move
But this is good
Now we can't just take them for granted now we've got to put the mad dog on two to six
That's a good point
And next one point I think it's excellent that we want to put this a very marginal book because now we are really we got to take and put our best feet forward
First we dump the hour segment there on Hank's show and then we move mad dog up to two to six
Procure to son six eight and now we're all set
What do you say?
Sounds great
Your thoughts
Right
Yeah
Come on let's get with it now
Let's get serious let's get our nose down to the old rhinestone
Cowboy
What's this piece of junk you just said Michael?
He's a junk
William Westmoreland, Abe Hirschfeld and Mel Patrick Gray
They all died last year?
I don't know
Each time I found one of them had died I jumped for joy so much
And I'm hurting myself to the point where you're calling hospitalization Michael says
As far as the death of somebody I'll actually miss
Link Gray
Don't you remember Link Gray and the Raymond?
Now what was this song?
Rumble, rumble tumble, rambl, whatever it hell was
It was on cadence records I believe
Also I'm shocked that in old fart says he used his sufferer for getting the passing of the great Louis Nye
Oh I've actually built a Brian
He's checking actually to call it with that
Louis Nye you got it?
Got it
And Link Gray, WRAY
Since dolphin fans have no more losses on Sunday to morning until September perhaps they've gone back the morning in the passing of Reggie Roby
Was that last year he died or the year before?
Reggie Roby
I got no Link Gray in my machine
WRAY
Oh you don't kind of there no you wouldn't have
Sorry
Everyone in Hellen day obese is still sitting sure for Lawrence Walshman and henchmen
Myron Floren
Oh he played the accordion Myron Floren
He was a wonderful man
He was a wonderful man
Rosemary Kennedy and James Stockfield
I have nobody could tell the difference
Last Lisa's Michael I'd like to wish a happy 83rd birthday to Gene Staples
And hopefully she won't be on the Who died in 2006 pool
Love her especially her singing voice
Gene Staples and Dad and how what are you saying?
What about it?
Well she's still alive?
Yeah
There's somebody
What you did Carol O'Connor I guess I was two or three years ago right?
At least I'll look it up
Oh how sad
5670560
Where the hell is the all in the family honest disc?
You have to be kidding me
Johnny Carson is on here and there's no all in the family on this list
This is like a communist plot this whole damn thing
2001
Oh Carol O'Connor
No way the way Glen Millipoli
That's on here I told you
So on the day that I had a ride
Guys like us we haven't been
So on the day
So anyway thank you Michael
For your illuminating facts and you can pull with everyone's owner you feel at this point whatever you feel like okay?
Because I'm like I'm numb
I feel dumb and numb and full of
Salted them
Yeah
Okay and Nevada pair sentenced in chili finger case
A couple who planted a severed finger in a bowl of wine this is the update on yesterday story
And I know that most of you are following this religiously
It's a hell of a lot more important than the guy who disappeared on that royal Caribbean cruise ship
The guy that they're making since a big simmissive on
You know it's just I don't even know what to say about it no more
It's mind blowing
It's sad and then I know it's tragic
The stuff that chicken and robot and a guy in a cruise ship and on and on
Hour after hour after hour and at Dan Abrams who's such a jackass man MSNBC
I think it back CNN does have to be taken off here but not until an MSNBC
Then first Fox forget about it
A couple who planted a severed finger in a bowl of Wendy's chili and a scheme to extort money from the fast food chain
We're sentenced yesterday to prison terms of at least nine years. Don't you think that's a little bit extreme?
No, Anna Ayala for you said she bit into the digit was sentenced to nine years
Her husband Jane Jamie Placensia 44 obtained a finger from a coworker who lost into work like section
It was sentenced to more than 12 years
Man oh man I guess the the scales of justice gave them the finger life
Frighter asses
Greed and Everest overtook this couple said superior court judge Edward Davila adding that the pair had lost their moral compass
Kind like our president the two pleaded guilty in September our previous president lost his oral compass and this president lost his moral compass
The two pleaded guilty in September to conspiracy to file a false insurance claim and attempted grand theft with damages of seen two and a half million
In a tearful plea for leniency Ayala apologized to a courtroom gallery and said the scheme was in moment of poor judgment
She sent you we wretched March 20 second after biting into fingertip while dining with her family at Wendy's in San Jose
Forensive test later showed Ayala never chomped down on the finger but she described the incident to TV news crews
He never chomped on that anyway
There's no words to describe what I felt at sick its disgusting she said the clip played before sentencing just knowing there was a human
Remained in my mouth is tearing me apart inside
Although authority suspected a hoax in part because the finger was not cooked
Word of these stomach turning fine quickly spread around the world
The devil in Ohio based fast food chain claimed to lost two and a half million dollars in sales because of the bad publicity
Cos of a finger and dozens of workers at the comets known the California franchises were laid off
Penny Lynch Wendy senior vice president asked the judges sent a message that consumer fraud is a serious crime that demands a severe penalty
The sentencing father of 90 minute hearing in which several Wendy's employees testified including the man who made the chili and the cashier
We helped Ayala on the day she made the claim I felt so bad for the fear of what people would think of me said Hector Panita
Who made the chili initially came under suspicion where the ones who have suffered?
No Wendy's employee was missing the did you that the San Jose restaurant and no chili suppliers reported finger injuries at their plans
And April Ayala was arrested or suburban Las Vegas home
Investigators fought a pattern of legal claims she brought against businesses in her name or for her children
She's just a con artist that's all I say a 90 years not really
Possessions you have brought brought the tip of Brian Rosseter's right ring finger he bought it for a hundred bucks and told him that he and Ayala were plotting this
And they were hatching this plot
Rosseter later told police the couple of them 250 grand to keep his mouth shut during a recorded jailhouse phone call Ayala bragged about how many other inmates were asking for autograph
And that's something I'm famous now but you know how many of the time to give autographs in there so you know right you miserable bitch
You're disgusting piece of crap they should have put her into some human turd God what are that 12 13 already this is Neil Rogers
Oh my god this is 5.62 a day
Yeah the rejoin just froze up I don't know
Neil Rogers I think is the perfect example of queer what is his purpose for his new show or his ugly show
He uses that word rectum every five minutes because that's what his brain is he's never going to get past the self-floor to audience because that the town and the people that he's always complaining about are the only fools that would give him any time of day
Eventually his ring will crop so low you have to read just rectum
Raccoon hell it down there kill them
Red the innocent tap your phone today now that all your civil rights are gone
It's way too late to complain through your rights away
Back up I just think there ain't no place in silence
We've been listening to the phone calls you've been getting
You've got this feeling or emails were reading
So much for the conversation
Don't trust your rights and say it when you try to do anything of mine by the NSA
If you like horror do a security threat
And I mean
You're not a good Christian you're a head
You said they might have crazy suspicions on that
Or it's off to the black side and it might mark
Play your money back to the pay
You don't care anyway about your future stop
And get it
How's it going at the NSA?
Called my team at 560 WQM
We're number five baby we're mighty proud of it
I think you're right we're going to be number two
I just looked at this again I examined it and I went my butt with it
I sniffed it a couple of times
I could smell that juice a mile away
Well I have been farting a line
That's what it was
567 Ok let's get back to the show
I mean the audience is in a coma
So it was heavy ethnic and we had the hurricane and we stuck the joint on
And you know what is that got through with anything
What if that guy's still on our tower
And if you're still up there by the way Robert
Because obviously if he's up there for hours nature's going to be calling
Please feel free to pee on the tower all you want
Because it helps the signal a lot
And it's going to be a lot of fun
And it's going to be a lot of fun
And it's going to be a lot of fun
And it's going to be a lot of fun
And it's going to be a lot of fun
And it's going to be a lot of fun
And it's going to be a lot of fun
And it's going to be a lot of fun
Wow I'm just guessing it
WNQYM Hello
I have one for you, hold the game
Yes sir
Your show, house
Wow
No it's 2006 now paly
567-0560
Tom 560, the Verizon and Singular wireless line
Look at that, the idiot in line 9
Is he on the other caller right now, your buddy
Josh is buddy, I'm sorry, it's his line
Josh Corris line, hello
Yeah good, we hate you like poison
Wish you would die, wish you'd go away
Go find a hobby already, will you?
I have no idea
Every single day, every day of this man's life, he is glued
He's got this glue with the mask
That's why he's getting in good vibrations, man
He's got to turn up so a lot they can hear in Aliquipa, Pennsylvania
But now he's back to whispering again
Maybe he's afraid somebody will recognize the voice like his voice
Too late
Yeah, too late, you're out of the bag Sam
WNQYM Hello
Me Tarzan, you're fairier
WNQYM Hello
I want free bowl
Yes sir
Miss Bill, come on
WNQYM Hello
QYM
Meal buddy, how you doing today?
Okay paly
Hey man, what's up with these crazy Cubans down there, Miami?
Got one guy trying to starve himself, but he got another one hanging from a pole
What's the deal down there?
And as far as the pole goes, I think it's that guy from Star Trek
I can't remember what his name was, I think he played the engineer
You got that on there?
We already got that, what is his name?
What's that guy doing?
Is that the guy from Star Trek?
No, not James Duin Zulu, what about James Duin, is that the guy?
Yeah, that's right
How's James Duin?
That's the guy, we already got it paly right here
That's my bad for not reading the whole list against
Instead of getting bogged down with our stupid ass bad numbers
Oh man, oh gee, you guys really suck down
Okay, so the guy in the tower is a Cuban?
No
No, I had something to do with him, who knows?
I don't want to go back to that story again, please, just a little forward
Okay, put that guy in there
Get off our cloud already, will you please, let's start charging that guy rent
WNQYM Hello
QYM
Yeah, Neil
Yes sir
Hi, how are you, a long time fan
I wanted to mention something about Dad Mayer from New Orleans, right?
He tried to get out of what he said by saying, oh, how do you make chocolate?
You mix in some vanilla
Yeah, yeah, yeah, he's an idiot, he's a moron
Right, so if you want an all white town, how do you make vanilla?
You take the brown chocolate, being here, grind them up
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, the cars are getting better and better by the second
The pound 5, 6, get a Verizon single to write this line
By the way, people are coming from across the street
Because they're feeling their oats now
Oh, now we're doing it right on their ass
Well, now we're going to see what happens as a January, February and March, okay?
When there's no dolphins around, now we're going to see
And actually when there's more than like seven diaries being sent back, I wonder how many wired diaries they had
But third man
WNQYM Hello
QYM
Hey, I don't know if this is being repetitive, but the tower that the guy is on behind the arrow, that's your old tower actually
Your new one, when you're currently on is on Keepers Game
Oh, thank God for that, well how come I had to get you to give me the information?
See, that's one of the 43 insider geeks listening to you, what can I say?
Thanks a lot, Pally
Yeah
There's a guy who works for some other radio stations inside
And that's what we need some inside information
As opposed to the Humbertel me, he's the guy's on our tower because somebody gave the Humber bad information
Probably Bob Vermuth
Boy, speaking since we're already having a purge in a cleansing of this company, there's a guy
Send it back to Amsterdam, man
Send it back for some of that rice toffle, whatever the hell I was, oh brother, what a jackass
If you've got a scene, well you don't even know about the mess that left me there in my, oh boy
I don't know about it
But he just gave up, he threw his arms up in the air and said well then work and I'll leave it to the Amsterdam engineer
And that guy, like I think he impaled himself
WNQYM Hello
Hey Neil, how you doing, Pally?
Okay Pally
I know, two things
I just want to tell you, I remember you were talking, I moved from coal springs up to Delray Beach
They got this magazine that comes out, it's called the Bokeh Delray Life, it's a real fancy magazine
Oh my God
I was looking through it, boom, there's an article in there, one page every month called Mail Call, guess who the author is
Greg Buchdel
And he's writing this whole article and how thankful he is
And he works for some radio station in Montgomery, Alabama
And he thinks God's forgiven him the chance to give him radio again
Oh my God, I got a sense of the article, it's hysterical, it really is, unbelievable
What's happening with the publication again to Bokeh Weekly Reader, what is it?
No, it's called Bokeh Delray Life, it's, you know, I love to tell rank cause it's nice to have it
I have no idea
My, my life's ambition is to be able to write for them, thanks a lot Pally, thanks for the good news
Uh huh, Greg Buchdel writing for the Bokeh Delray Life as in
I have no right
And by the way, the good news is Greg, everybody in South Florida still hates you like poison
This is Neil Rogers, this is 5.69 AF
They have a heart or a liver?
Hey, it's Howard, Howard David
Welcome back to the Mojawa David Show
We're a jackful Azane but good clean family one
I'm here and you're dead
I get tired of praise
You know that pipe smoking things rape is funny?
Is that funny?
What?
What?
Since when is gang rape funny?
What do you require of me?
I require you to drop your pants
Well now see here, right now
I'm gonna go for you
I'm gonna go for you
You like it, thanks
Get your heads up
Get out of there, you got a fence of me
That's right, no ass
Don't touch my girl, it keeps us tender
Because everybody will rape me
Why'd you persuade me to get shot, that's why
Don't put it there
Don't put it there
Don't put it up there
Don't put it up there
Don't put it up there
Don't put it up there
Don't put it up there
Don't put it up there
Get your heads up
And then they pick up a wash these eggs
That's what my dear
One, two, three, two, one...
One, two, one...
What did you some kind of fairy?
I bet
What do you know about being queer, you moron?
I bet right then, of the none of the difference
We're supposed to be broken on sports here
This is sports radio over here
We love men
From this point on
I don't care
To get paid by thedoors
Now we're gonna make something out of this小 creepy paper
You understand?
Then maybe later I'll pull the couch
Just out of my pants, okay?
Because you know, it's a joke
I'm gonna go get more of that!
Oh no.
Can't squash into my pants!
Oops, no!
Oops, no!
Ow!
Ow, ow, ow!
Hello, Wolin.
How can I help you?
Well, you see more than me.
You keep getting raped into this.
Yeah, look at you and Rhyde away.
Thanks, Wolin.
It's about time.
I'm putting it out.
Drop your pants.
I said drop your pants.
That isn't a mo-kettle.
It just something that don't while you're watching golf.
Like this.
Or in the hot liquid in your eye.
Or in the hot liquid.
Or in the hot liquid.
It's the noise.
It's the noise.
Oops!
And I look like I made me do kind of different things.
I'm not pin-wide.
You want to watch my show?
You'll push and pull.
Now, get over here.
Man, that's right.
Now, come here.
Now, get over there.
Come here.
Now, come here.
I'm gonna...
I'm gonna...
Over here.
Do the pizza.
No, I did not steal those pizza.
I stole the pizza.
Now, see here.
I ain't no pipe, my glaring girl.
I did not steal a whole pizza.
You only had one slice.
Put your head close to the glass door.
See if anybody's inside.
Help you.
Close it.
Close it.
Close it.
I can't bite this.
You're a nice man.
It's amazing.
Oh, you're a tough guy, huh?
Why, I ought to see you.
Oh, you're a tough guy, huh?
Why, I ought to see you.
Oh, you're a tough guy.
Oh, you're a tough guy.
You're a tough guy.
I'm right now, right now.
Something should step aside.
I'm the little Pope.
See, I stand before you now.
Let me bless you, my son.
I'm the boy.
I'm the boy.
I'm the boy.
I'm the boy.
Well, perhaps you'll garner my...
...chunder or my...
...tutally.
I don't want to talk about that, tutally.
Kill her.
I don't want you to tutally.
She's a tough guy.
I'm tutally.
I'll never find me in this.
You know what I'm doing?
Of course it's going to be important that I help live you.
Why, I'll have you know.
You know what I'm doing?
I go home now, I'm going to show you.
Watch out for Mr. Whittle's.
Wee.
You know what I'm doing?
I'm not screaming.
I'm not screaming.
You know what I'm doing?
I'm not screaming.
I'm not screaming.
I've got about it.
That's what I say.
And kiss my ass.
Absolutely.
Come 34 or 26 to one.
We got Curtis Stevens in the Curtis show from a 2 to 4.
Now is that official or what?
Today and tomorrow anyway.
Today and tomorrow.
And then.
And then.
And log 4 to 7.
Jesse Agri, 7 to way 3.
We got that big Panther preview way 3 to 9.
Panthers at the Phoenix Sky Ode is 9 o'clock tonight.
And then we got Eddie K. after the hockey game.
After the hockey game.
Hockey won't be over like midnight.
Anyway.
It's kind of life he lives you know.
On a poll we got 777 votes.
777.
Not bad.
Well if we had that many listeners back during the ratings in November.
We might have like we might be number 3.
Stand number 5.
777.
And we can get to 1000 if we can get like about 50 by the top of the hour.
What do you think?
Can we do it?
That would make us feel better.
Would it make you feel a lot better if we got 1000 votes during the show this put?
No, not really.
Yeah.
Come on.
Boy you're difficult man.
Make me feel a lot better.
Giant.
Oh yeah.
I'll make up for that bonus I'm not going to get.
Right.
See, Josh's bonus can be easily supplanted with another 223 votes.
Whose death in 2005 was saddest to you.
All the Americans who died needlessly in Iraq.
As predicted zoom to the top.
Thanks whoever facts that in 125.
How can we forget?
Johnny Carson 106.
Here's Johnny.
Richard prior 103.
I hate this poll 73.
None of the about 70.
You're right those two always do extremely well.
Hunter rest Thompson 46.
Hope falls on the tooth 34.
Lothar of allot here.
Lothar Van Rose.
But third man.
30.
And bankrupt 23.
Rosa Park 16.
Peter Jennings 15.
How come I haven't played that Peter Jennings been?
I don't know.
Play it again.
Nifty Russell 13.
Adam's 13.
Bob Denver 11.
Simon Viesenthal 11.
Terry Shivohad.
You.
Pen.
Eddie Guerrero 9.
Hank Strammay.
George Bess 7.
James Duhin 6.
Fat Rich had 5.
Paul Winsill 5.
Billy Rankquist 5.
John DeLorean 5.
Pamorita 4.
Frank Perdue 4.
Eddie Albert 3.
San Bernard E3.
Johnny Cochland 2.
Howard Morris 2.
Pat McCormick 1.
Did we put Louis I on here?
No.
Yeah we did.
Michael Vale 1.
Frank Horson 1.
Ed McBain 1.
I don't know who that is.
Dick Weber 1.
DeBoer.
Bill Prachsmair 1.
One for Sir John Mills.
Bill Lehman Barbering Belgates Arthur Miller.
And a big none.
Oh!
For Louis Niling Craven since Chevrolet, he said love Barbara Belgates.
Eddie Albert Prince Vaneer Max Schmeling.
Shirley Chisholm, Aussie Davis, Eugene McCarthy.
And no votes for Gene McCarthy?
Jack Anderson Ralph Edwards.
Get Shedders in Hildergar, John Ray Tyrone Davis.
Prince Vaneer and Saul Bela.
I don't want to say that it's self-worths a little on the shallow side.
I mean how is that possible?
Huh?
Easily.
Maybe the old farts don't have computers, is that it?
That's what it is.
That must be it because how could they not vote for Gene McCarthy?
That stood up to LBJ.
Back during Vietnam, just like nobody except Howard Dean wants to stand up for this Nazi we got in there now during Iraq.
Oh look at us we're awaiting device presence speech on the war on terror.
Let's be sure and miss that.
Okay.
Here you want the sun settles got so far.
Well that was a nice flavor that grips.
Yeah, I've been enjoying learning to kind of like literature.
A group starly supported by Florida's Republican Party wants a voter reference.
It's got a swastika on it's a pull too.
I know this once a voter referendum.
The good part of it is they're probably not going to get it because they're way short on signatures and their deadline is coming up in about five minutes.
This November on whether the band game marriages and same sex civil unions in the state are you for or against the band?
And of course this is taken a turn as you'd expect a thousand and thirty eight total responses.
And this isn't powered far and away the most liberal county in Florida.
So what do you expect?
Forty five point six percent in favor of the band forty eight point seven percent against the band and five point seven percent saying.
But I don't know how to vote there's you're no matter what the poll is it's always I don't know.
Yeah, I have no opinion.
You know what does it got to do with ball games?
So we'll keep zoom in on that.
I think there might be a little creeping going on so we better do our own creeping.
Get all the listening out there both of them to do it.
And unattended cigarette all speaking of faggots and unattended cigarettes started the fire that destroyed a 12-unit condominium in the win-more-village retirement community earlier this week.
How do you like that one little faggot?
I don't think we had that in here do we that's on a what kind of car loan some faggot that's not a car in there.
It is not got to be under loan some faggot.
Yeah, no, it is not let me say it out of my head.
But who are came related damage to the building's roof and ceilings help quickly spread the blaze which caused more than $1.2 million in damage.
Fire officials said the 12-unit building will have to be demolished.
The fire started in the master bedroom of E2, a second floor condo unit at 11.05 of Bahama Bend at 305 Monday afternoon.
They ruled the blaze accidental.
Hurricane related damage had caused some damage to the roof ceilings and firewalls in the attic allowing the fire to spread quickly and unhindered.
How do you like that it just went like like wildfire one woman suffered minor smoke inhalation was taken to hospital 11 residents left without homes in Georgia.
They'll take them all into his house no sweat.
Right. I think I sleep on my front lawn if they bring the pizza they bring the pizza.
So anyway just one little faggot then that's of course what's burdened up California and Texas Oklahoma all these people tossing their faggets into the woods.
Doug Thompson writes do I have time to do this before the break I'll make time as that.
How do you like that?
Okay in the rant your favorite camp on hill blue dot com mounting evidence proves the White House lied about relationship with correct lobbyists.
I'm going to do an after the break because I don't want to like rush through it because these are very favorite.
Can I say rush through it?
And by the way rush you're not fooling anybody you and that other little Nazi junior in the afternoon all their numbers were strictly willma related.
Okay.
Well it'd be something to watch some of these people fall right back.
Or back to earth come whenever the hell next number comes out right right because it's not important for us to succeed of course but for them to fail.
This is new Roger.
This is 516 Q.A.
Tremendous.
What's the call?
Vosilla Georgia.
Hello.
Hi there.
Hi.
First of all Larry I want to thank you for channeling Mr. Jennings from beyond the great force.
Okay.
Peter how long things in hell?
Well it's hard.
I never thought it was going to be anything but hard.
So I guess now you're really a smoker huh?
Oh yes.
I think it goes with the territories with the territory.
Oh Cala Florida for Peter Jennings.
Hello.
Hey Peter do you know any dead celebrity joke?
No ma'am and if I did I wouldn't say so.
Well the wind city can says hello.
Yeah Peter are the rumors true is hell really a couple degrees cooler than the center of a McDonald's apple pie?
I think the answer is yes.
But you've asked a question that a lot of people in the country are going to ask today.
Summer said Kentucky for Peter Jennings.
Hello.
Hi Jennings.
Hi.
Mr. Jennings.
Is there Celine Dion music in hell?
Yes.
And it just happens it goes on and on and on and on for hour and hour and hour after end.
Oh my.
I think that would make my ears bleed.
Oh many do indeed.
One more call we have a minute left.
Downers grow Illinois.
Hello.
Mr. Jennings.
What would you like for Christmas?
Sadam Hussein.
Oh so Sadam's on your wish list.
Yes.
As his George Bush George Bush is also a Peter Jennings.
Yeah thank you as always Peter.
Thanks very nice to see you.
Hey he's got 16 votes and he's been dead for several months.
I don't hate you people out there speaking of faggot's quit puffing on him.
Cancer sticks okay they'll kill you.
Kill you.
Oh my advice quit puffing on him.
Okay so George being the bastard that he is.
Right blow.
So he waits four pages of my although you know the good part about this I can use this for a poll.
No glad you did this.
I heard him do all the work out of you.
Do you imagine if I had to write all these out long hand.
Right Eric he's going to hate you like poison when he gets this.
Oh hey he can cut and taste.
He's the only giving this in the world.
Yeah that's right.
Although I think the poll is about what's the best movie of all time.
Right.
But the Godfather they need to be separated.
Absolutely.
Godfather that always wins.
Part two.
Well no but I mean it's not one movie.
The question is what is the best movie of all time?
I would say by the trilogy etc.
But they're two separate movies.
You are right.
So anyway that had four and thirty five votes.
Now what do you tell me about Magnorn?
You had none.
No it had one.
It had one.
Solamente una.
Well I guarantee it'll do better this time because I'll vote for just have a spite even though I don't think it's the best movie of all time.
I can have Eric put any number of votes in there you want.
No I don't want to do that.
You have Alberto D.
Is that the name of this movie?
I can't because it's chopped off.
What now?
Is that what it says?
It's about Alberto D.
It's chopped off on mine too.
Yeah I guess I never heard of it.
I don't know what that letter is.
Anyway this is great.
Thank you so much.
You know you're trying to stick it to me.
In fact I might just cancel it to order from Amazon.
Now that's your up yet or what?
Somebody's probably out there during the...
Somebody's got their fingers on your goods man.
I wish.
1247 at 560 W.A.M.
mounting evidence proves White House lied about relationship with corrupt lobbyist Fred Stugtompson.
CapelittleBlue.com.
White House claims that President George W. Bush doesn't know corrupt lobbyist Jack Abramoff may soon rank up there with...
I did not have sex with that woman Ms. Lewinsky as a blatant public lie destroyed by mounting evidence.
Abramoff, the GOP lawyer list who White House spokesman Scott McClelland claims Bush doesn't know,
was a key player in Bush's transition team after they disputed $2,000 presidential election.
Abramoff working on Interior Department transition issues attended a number of meetings with Bush during the transition.
Bush tapped Abramoff as a member of his presidential transition team advising the administration on policy and hiring at the Interior Department which oversees Native American issues,
rights-richered wolf and holly Bailey in Newsweek.
Their level of close access to Bush to lay another GOP leaders has been cited by many of the Indian tribes who hired Abramoff with hopes of getting greater influence with the administration congress on gaming issues.
Although McClelland claims Bush didn't meet with Abramoff, another White House spokesman Aaron Healy said last year that they may have met on occasion.
After the Abramoff scandal broke Healy a minute or so into Ed, the president did not consider him a close friend and claimed the White House had limited contact with the lobbyist.
McClelland Tuesday claimed he could finally two contacts between the White House and Abramoff.
Yet public lobbying records filed by Abramoff's firm showed the lobbyist made 195 lobbying contracts with the administration issues from the Mariana Islands alone during the Bush's first 10 months in office.
Abramoff lobbied to preserve the American territorial islands and notorious for their made-in-the-USA sweatshops as exempt from the federal minimum wage standards.
Two key players at Abramoff's lobbying team wound up with Bush administration job Patrick Pizzella named an assistant secretary of labor by Bush and David Cetavian chosen by Bush to oversee federal procurement policy in the OMB.
In fact, Abramoff's close ties with Bush go back to 97 when they then Governor of Texas wrote letter on the lobbyist behalf supporting his marry on his Ireland clients school choice proposal.
I hope you'll keep my office informed on the progress of this initiative, Bush said in July 18, 97 letter was included in a C.C. of carbon coffee to an Abramoff deputy.
Although they now try to distance themselves from the disgrace lobbyist, keep Bush allies once openly embraced Abramoff as one of their own.
While the Republicans need this 50 Jack Abramoff's Grover Nourquist and other Bush confident on the National Journal in 95, I know Jack Abramoff admitted former National Republican, many chairman Ed Gillespie, who adds that lobbyists like Abramoff are Republicans, they were Republicans before they were lobbyists.
In April 2002, the National Journal reported last summer in an effort to raise the visibility of his Indian clients.
Abramoff helped arrange the White House get together on taxes, use with President Bush for top Indian leaders including Lawful and Ponto, the chairman of the Kushadas.
Who can I say that?
Just it. I wonder if there can be Kushmeer and Tossas.
Ponto first denied the meeting took place but later changed his story and interview with the Texas Observatory.
Now confirms Abramoff attended the meeting with Bush and says Bush greeted the lobbyist, warmly like an old friend.
Ponto says his private paid Abramoff 25 grand who arranged the May 2002 meeting with Bush.
Abramoff came up to GOP ranks with Nourquist and conservative Christian leader Ralph Reed.
All enjoyed unfettered access to Bush and were closely with Bush's Maccabillion political advisor Carl Rove and Maniac.
In 2001, Abramoff recommended one of his key assistants Susan Rawlsson to Rove, who was looking for a new key advisor she still was Rove.
In 2003, where by Daniel Lepin, he had a radio host and activist, urged friends and colleagues to send campaign contributions to Bush via Abramoff, often praising the lobbyist on his show as a good and personal friend of the president.
While White House aides now speak privately and anonymously about the need to clean up Congress and the wake of lobbyist Jack Abramoff's guilty pleas and an infamous peddling scandal, there is no sense of been taking the lead on what used to be a signature issue before they came to Washington, right swollen Bailey.
One reason maybe their own reluctance to acknowledge their own ties to Abramoff, the one time master of the lobbying universe.
This way to that and passing okay, liar liar, your pants are unfire and nobody cares because we're too worried about the guy that fell off the, or got killed or whatever have done, the cruise ship.
Yeah, and the chicken and Rubah and of course that guy who just, he's still in a coma or maybe he's not the guy from the coal mines in West Virginia.
I heard he was doing better.
We almost really didn't hear any more speaking of coma anymore about rural Ariel Sherone.
Oh, you hear anything more about that?
Nope.
No old news baby, let's get back on a cruise ship story.
All right, let's put Rita Cosby on top of it and start it up real fast.
No, if you falls off Jesus, it's just it's not possible. She can't possibly be on the air.
Yeah, people around the world, you realize that on the satellite you can pick that up in Europe and Asia and Afghanistan.
They're like on a cuckaboon on a famous everywhere.
Wow, that is shocking.
5 6 7 0 5 6, let's get a bunch of calls in here now between now and two o'clock.
What do you say we're going to make that thousand votes?
We better 8 37.
Oh boy, rhymes with 11 8 37.
See, and we ought to probably like start a campaign saying, hey guess what?
QA is back in business.
We're back operating again after November and December.
It's kind of like we were out of business.
So once the hurricanes hit you almost say, I had that feeling.
And on top of that, what did I tell you before the show today about December?
Every single year, every year, not just most years, every single year, who did mall to stick it to us?
Arbitron or a Gregory, I think it's a tie.
Every year in December, we get hosed by some jackass up there in Beltsville, Maryland.
What a joke.
8 37, we need 163 votes in next hour and seven minutes.
It's going to be a touch and go, maybe 67 minutes, like two and a half a minute.
What are you voting?
Yes, can we do it?
Yes.
70 QAM, hello.
Now, let me see.
Who's this?
I think if we get to 1000 votes by two o'clock in the week, does everybody get the full bonus?
I agree.
Okay.
Dominic, QAM, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Ah, your show's great today as usual.
I'm not sucking around, believe me.
Yeah, of course.
I wasn't called for about the last two weeks, as I heard, the President might call you on it.
That day you read the blog from Blasitor.
Yeah.
You said you'd been talking to him and everything?
Keep it in the garage.
Yeah.
That was really good that day.
He called the show.
I enjoyed that.
And my idea was, you know, you have no idea.
What was your idea?
You have a certain thing with George some time.
You ever think about getting the last two to sit in with...
He's not going to be sitting in.
He's got issues.
Okay.
He's got health problems.
He's not going to be sitting in.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah.
Why did you show over your...
WQAM, hello.
How about Louis Lopez and Gerald?
Ha.
Ha.
Ha.
All right.
Man.
You don't watch passions.
So, what tell you nobody anything?
That's it.
There's a guy that's got a sense of humor, unlike you.
Louis Lopez Fitzgerald, not that they confused with Miguel Lopez Fitzgerald, or Teresa Lopez Fitzgerald.
And of course, so what's his name that we can't do the trade like Ariel Sherona?
The old man.
We can't figure out if he's in a coma or if he's dead or what the hell's to do.
I guess a better watch passions that he find out if Alistair is still alive.
They hit him with five shots and he's still alive and a pin in the ass.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, with Niel please.
Speaking.
Niel, as you know, I'd like to know, Ryan DeWolve, the news down here, doesn't give more information about what's going on in the review of Beach where they're taking away 2200 houses, very fit of a mohina.
I don't know what it's about.
I don't know if it appears about review of Beach, but you get with it and cut the crap.
Why the news doesn't give more info about review of Beach?
I'm just wrong with you, man.
You're like on a...
That's the only magic mushroom.
Mushrooms are something.
Good God.
Review of Beach.
Jesus God.
Oh, thank God I'm not there.
Let's talk about that guy who visited Oakville a few weeks ago.
Give me a lecture about Toronto and the violent crime and how nasty and cold it is.
It's going to be 40 degrees in the sunshine and then it's going to be 45 and sunny tomorrow.
How do you like that?
Is there any snow on the ground?
No, no.
Had a little bit of last night and melted immediately if not sooner.
Not that there's anything such as global warming you understand.
Tommy, plot.
You better get on that review.
If you want to get us back up on top and get that full bonus message book,
you better get on that review or a beach crap right away.
We'll start a newswire right from there.
God, almighty.
I might just eliminate the calls in 2006, the rest of it.
Yeah, right.
You'd like that.
Why?
I might...
I don't believe you.
But why is he, why do you say that?
They suck!
They absolutely suck!
Yeah, what else does it do?
That doesn't...
Nothing is new, but you've got to go with the flow, man.
That's one thing I've done.
I've been shadow boxing with the universe, kind of like Mo without punching people in the nose all these years.
You've got to go to Noah when, you know, change the gears a little bit.
My God.
If it's not...
I got one for the point.
And let me say this, those people will knock the pool.
If we didn't have the pool, we wouldn't have any call.
That would be worth putting on a year.
Maybe maybe I'll have five a year even when they call it answer the wrong question.
At least it's something.
Exactly.
8.53.
What do you say?
It's a mystery to me.
8.50, whatever it is.
3.147 in 64 minutes.
If we don't get to 1000, I'm taking a month off to recover from these damn numbers.
And I'm going to ask you one kind of question.
I realize we got screwed, naturally arbitrons all over the place in a hurricane in the Audi Audi and the Ethnics.
But I just kind of wonder what some of these numbers, men 2554, when you're talking like...
You don't like before.
I don't want to like start getting personal or anything like that.
But I'm just kind of wondering what some of these numbers are.
I mean, when you're talking our target demo and you're talking numbers like these.
And of course then you talk to Clarence.
It's like, man, what the fuck?
Yeah, don't be knocking at Ira, man.
Ira is the antichrist.
Ira is the guy who singlehandedly is bringing QAM down into the gutter.
Ira win back.
1489 on the Sun Central Pool.
You're four to ban on gay and submarriage and civil unions are again it.
44.5% of favor the ban.
49.8% almost 50% against the ban.
And 5.7% say, what is that game?
What is that?
This is Neil Rogers.
You said this is 5.62% A.M.
It's not just the one to two hour, it's a phenomenon.
The season premiere is here.
It's a fun time.
With his lowest approval rating ever.
George Bush stars in the biggest loser.
Well, I'm easy to understand.
But I am sometimes amagled English language.
President Bush is overall approval rating.
It now stands at just 42% the lowest it's ever been.
George Bush in the biggest loser.
And you are one foot better loser.
Our children and our grandchildren are grown for body parts.
It's a 101, that release low-pest for sure.
Let's just restart my faith in the human race.
That was good.
And we got 8.69%.
I mean, we need a hundred and thirty to a clock.
How about you for an 8.70?
Would you just say 8.87?
Do you understand what he is talking about or what?
Since you discovered you lost your whole bonus.
And you are trying to talk your way to that number two thing.
I believe you though, I think you got me convinced.
I'm sold.
War number two and we're forever in the afternoon.
And you know in the other they are going to be like puffing themselves up over the cross street.
Oh, now we got them.
Now they are within our sights.
We are going to go out there and pick some real ass.
The puffing themselves up over the cross street.
In fact, now it's not going to be a dollar or a holler anymore.
It's going to be like a buck and a quarter.
But you think Eric is going to be upset if I like to send him all these all this stuff.
He's already got it.
You don't have to send it to him.
That's the way I got it.
We didn't have it with the Godfather separated.
You know, easy enough to just tell him to do that.
Hey, Eric, just do that.
When you do it, go in your little mess.
I will tell him to do it.
And then what?
Make Godfather part two and Godfather separate.
Not Godfather part one because there is no part one at the pivotal hole.
There is no Godfather part one.
You guys better get your acraptic guy.
Are we going to do that for tomorrow?
Yeah, okay.
Why not?
Well, no, no.
That's how easy it might come to my brain.
I mean, I'm already on this tremendous stress and duress.
You ought to see the duress I got on.
Lovely thing.
Oh, that's because I'm looking at digtini.
You're trying to guess right there.
Oh, God.
We'll wait just wait for his coming back.
What are they doing here?
What's going on with him?
This revised president.
He spent years in the house.
He presided over the Senate.
So you understand the workings of Congress.
I would argue that this Congress has lost the trust and respect of the people which is serious for democracy.
Do you believe your party and his leaders can do something about not just the case-free syndrome?
But the earmarks which have exploded.
The unhawking holds on nominees.
So good nominees of the president can't get a vote for two years of the party.
Oh, brother.
Wow, wow, wow.
Talk about a set-up deal.
Give me a break.
Did you hear that?
I heard it.
Oh, my goodness.
Anyway, I already, I think I said this to Josh for tomorrow but somebody facts it in.
The Bush administration seeking to revive an online pornography law struck down by the US Supreme Court.
And it's a penny Google ink for details on what its users have been looking for through its popular search engine.
What are you looking for on there, man?
Uh-oh.
Boobies?
Google has refused to comply with these subpoena issues last year for a broad range of material from its databases, including requests for a million random web addresses and records of all Google searches from any one week period.
Laura's for the assistance department said in papers, probably as they in federal court in San Jose.
Do you know the way?
That a word.
Privacy advocates have been increasingly scrutinized in Google's practices.
This is the company expands its offerings to include email, driving directions, photo sharing, instant messaging and web journals.
Although Google pledges to protect personal information, the company's privacy policy says it complies with legal and government requests.
Google also said it has no stated guidelines and our longing keeps data leading critics to warn that retention is potentially forever given cheap storage costs.
The government contends it needs to edit and determine how often pornography shows up in online searches.
It's part of an effort to revive an internet child protection law that was struck down two years ago by the US Supreme Court on free speech rounds.
The 98 child online protection act would have required adults to use access codes or other ways of registering before they could see objectionable material online like that beaded curtain on the neo-regures.com that we had to get rid of which cut our traffic didn't have on that thing.
Well, that's pretty sad, you know.
On a similar note, as we're putting these things together, obviously there are some bits that never existed to be put brought back.
What are you talking about?
The best of the old thing that we're doing.
Well, where did this come from?
Well, I could even...
I saw that movie.
Okay, I told you that gaslight.
I'm going to order that for you too with tricycle and ingrid bourbon.
I saw it.
Why do you want to see it again?
Maybe I didn't see it.
I don't think you ever saw where he's trying to drive or nuts.
We're about to send off the best of the old things.
Yes.
And on why do you keep asking me these things?
Because it's a fly.
It is not important.
It's only important that we pedal a lot.
I'm going to raise a lot of money for obviously...
I want to put the unsensory version of rescue.
I want to do unsensored versions of some things on there.
Yes.
That we haven't been allowed to play for a long time.
Yes.
That have some language on it.
Yes.
Sure that there's no problem with that, right?
Of course not.
Okay, that's...
As long as we have the thing on the label, this is warning us.
We're going to...
Oh, well...
...to solve some of fanaticity and us.
This is where we're going to be flashing an electric light.
Great.
Like...
Flying, flying, flying, like this.
If you touch the CD, you're under the age of 75.
I'm sorry.
All those little Martians are going to pop out of it.
Just jump into your pants because now they're more like...
Got it?
Got it.
Good.
For a poor did-been-laden tape, they're just all over this.
Like, stink on Maddie Bell, man.
They're just obsessed with it.
I'm seeing them today.
Ah!
For a poor did-been-laden tape.
How about Sami Yamama?
We got him yet.
How about...
I'm in a piment.
Now we thought we did, but we didn't.
How about Alzarkow?
We got Al yet?
Al Kaira?
No.
Al Jolson?
How's the bokeh working on that golden shower's bit for Ricky Martin?
Wayne Golden?
I don't know what you're laughing about.
I'm serious.
That would be a great bit.
I don't know if he could play that Hootie Cootie, uh, Ricky Martin music, but I mean, you know, he could do it.
If there's anybody can do it.
If there's anybody sick enough between the ears, there is the man.
Old chicken neck.
And be very careful with him because, you know, that's going around with him chickens.
Uh-oh.
Eight, eighty-three.
I don't know.
Need a hundred and seventeen.
Not looking too good.
Somebody cue I am.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Did you watch over the other night?
Yeah.
I don't watch over, sir.
Okay.
Did that boat girl on there?
This thing is driving me nuts, man.
What girl?
The girl that's on the cruise ship with the husband.
Oh, jeez.
Oh, my gosh.
An hour.
An hour of babbles.
Alfred had a girlfriend, her so-called friend that she had to go.
That was the realest airy worst, sir.
A redid cosmic.
It is seventy-five hour marathon out of this week.
So, uh, forget about it.
Then, and you wonder why the American public are dumb or they saw us and why they know they have any clue what's going on in the world?
That's what it's all about, man.
Keep preoccupied with crap.
Oh, American Idol is back.
They got 84 billion people watching the other night and Miss Pudge is all over it like Stink on our Lynn Samuels.
Oh, God.
What's the use?
Like I said, I'm taking all calls this year.
No more stories.
You like that?
Oh, it's kind of scary, but sure, let's do it.
Yeah.
All calls in 2006.
No more.
I mean, we got no more anyway.
Who now wants to hear some old fag on the radio?
Trying to make something happen by educating the public.
Passing along useful information.
We're going to talk about River here on Beach all day long.
That's what we're going to do and Luis Lopez Fitzgerald.
Thank God for that call.
I was the only good call we've had in months.
Five, six, I think six, seven, oh five, 60.
Well, at least the guys got a sense of humor, okay?
Instead of this morbid garbage, man, I hate talk radio with sucks.
And as far as across the street, you know, we've got to whip up about these numbers when you got like mostly ones and two.
I mean, what's the biggest number?
There are two four.
Hey, and men.
And they're like, you're going to whip up about that.
You Gary, I guarantee you.
And you just wait.
Mark my words.
Put a, put a, take a magic marker and put a like ink spot on it right now.
Like it does.
Right now that Barry Jackass and Jim Sarni, since it is Thursday and tomorrow's Friday morning,
they'll be right and heavy duty, especially Barry Jackass,
because he said I've just had a few fun brews, but all the way to his navel.
Oh, and seven, ninety, Waxy is making big inroads in the winter and the fall rating book.
And Yadi, Yadi, Yadi, and QM is all done.
And, but it will, but it will, but it will be up.
I met OJ and Toast and Flim and whatever else they got in there.
Oh, man, old mucus, man.
Whatever they got.
Mark, Eisenstein, well, that's pretty nice.
He off all together.
They like this, they came like it for in the morning again.
I want me to go see if anybody knows.
Well, wouldn't Josh know?
I heard that he is in charge of the dolphins broadcast.
Oh, he's the one.
Oh, I'd break his knees then.
If he's got something to do with that Jimmy Cifilis being on there.
God, that is pathetic.
What do you think?
All calls in 2006.
What do you say, John?
Josh is going to screen him.
Yeah, I think a great idea.
Oh, George, he doesn't really know.
We don't screen calls on this show.
We don't play those stuff in the last game.
Let's talk to Eddie.
We are a B.
Let's talk to Sally.
And by the way, let me say it's big on a Sally.
You women out there.
We got a lot of you people listening.
They will not put us down in their diarrhea.
No, they won't.
We don't exist.
It's not they show because an IOD, I mean, it was the same filthy, disrespectable show.
I feel fear new is now because we can't say anything.
And they wouldn't, at IOD, we got two shares and women are two, two, five, whatever.
It's not great, but it's something.
Here we can't even get a two-two in women.
We're struggling now with like a five-share.
And then what kind of a number is that?
What kind of a number is a two, something, a three, something?
What is that?
Thank God we got Joe Bell now.
I don't want to say he's got a heavy, heavy load to carry now.
But boy, Greg Reed just about destroyed.
He decimated us.
And now Joe's got to pick up like, what did I say all those times I talked about Humpty Dumpty, you know?
And you pick up the egg and you drop it on the floor when you break it into a million pieces.
And then you don't know how to put it back together again.
You keep going like, Greg, you used to do all the time going like that.
Yeah, what do I do now?
Yeah.
Oh, we're over again.
Hey, Greg, what do you think of that morning?
Yeah.
If he had taken a little more care of serious business as opposed to monkey business, maybe we wouldn't be in the entire straights that we're in right now.
Yeah.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah.
Another trained monkey.
12 minutes after one at 560 WQAM.
Finally, a TV experience like no other, Comcast Digital Cable with On Demand is easy to use and lots to love for it too.
And today you can try for just 29.99 a month for four months.
Why is TV so much better with On Demand?
For starters, you can watch a wide variety of movies and shows whenever you want, whenever you feel like it.
It's a revolutionary new way to enjoy TV.
On Demand is a library of thousands of programs ready to start when you say so, with programming and learning.
Including free movies, kids shows, music videos, cooking shows, sports, home improvement shows, guitar lessons and so much more.
You'll always have something good to watch right when you want to watch it.
And don't forget about control.
With On Demand, you can start, stop, pause, rewind and fast forward programs using your remote.
And you can't get all this with satellite.
I'll guarantee you that.
With up to 250 channels plus On Demand, you can build your own TV schedule who could act for more.
And best of all, On Demand is free when you have Comcast Digital Cable.
So pick your showtime, sit back and you'll wonder how you ever got along without it.
Call today order Comcast Digital Cable with an HBO with the power of On Demand for just 29.99 a month for four months.
Call 954 Comcast and Broward or 305 Comcast and Dave.
Call for the Taylor Strener 602 supply and Dave 305 Comcast and in 954 Comcast.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62 AF.
Then Neil Rogers.
That's absolutely.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Hey Brad, hey Brad, make it stay this little chick too long.
He's very proud she's got protruding tummy but I'll make her the mom and dad.
Chance the name I go the way I'm supposed to live in.
That's just open marriage fast.
Hey Brad, hey Brad,
you'll be a dad that's gone too long.
Hey Brad, hey Brad,
even hands you'll need a word to roll.
I guess it didn't take Brad too long to figure out what's in the box.
117 F560 WQM, what do we got?
With what?
Oh that's sure us.
We got nine something.
What do we got?
904.
Oh crap.
What do you got?
I don't know, I'm not old poll.
I beg your pardon?
Well I had to refit like, when you're on the old poll.
What is that?
The one that I printed up for you, it came back up when I needed to re-centred to air.
I see, 906 of a level teacher that's got punishing you for trying to rub it into a bag.
No, you're only getting one vote.
I like it better than those people.
When you're on something today, I don't want to go into a whole boring thing here on this.
But take a look at all the movies that got more.
Oh, two.
Chung King Express, that sounds like a pleasure to write Chinese.
What is that?
Chung King Express My Ass.
Purple Rose of Cairo.
That was actually good.
They call me Mr. Tips.
Is there a movie by that name?
I thought that was like, what you call it?
Huh?
I thought that was in the heat of the night.
Right.
What does it mean?
They call me Mr. Tips' Google Life?
Is there really such a movie?
Is that no?
Oh, God, she's Googling it now.
They call me Mr. Tips.
I think there might have been a sequel to it.
Well that's what I'm thinking.
It's really just I'm not just poo poo and I'm right off the bat.
Poo poo.
Kakka.
Sunset Boulevard.
That was better than the Magnolia.
Yeah.
I didn't hear what that old bag, Gloria Swanson, it had an end to it.
Oh, here we go with that again.
Yeah, you got an end to it too.
Right, they call me out of kickin'.
They call me Mr. Tips' son 1970 police movie.
That's it.
That's the sequel.
Okay.
Well, so there is a movie.
So what do you poo poo in the door for?
For puna?
But I mean 1970, do you say?
Yeah.
How come they got the years for most of these, but like Dracula's 1932, I know that myself.
Dracula only had two votes.
Oh, geez.
I mean it's older than these people.
I don't care.
Don't you think everybody has Josh seen Dracula with Donald Legosi?
I might not have seen the one from the 30s, but I've seen many Dracula.
Oh, geez.
No, I can't.
And I'm going to fall on the floor.
I can't take it no more.
What a...
There's been a million Dracula's.
I've seen at least one.
There's only one.
Okay.
My father Miran said in the exorcist, there was only one.
And that is Bella Legosi.
All the other ones.
Peter Cushing, Quix-Marin Tukas.
Oh, Franklin, 11 Jell.
Oh, I hated that one.
Oh, boy.
The Brahms Stokers were very good.
The Brahms Stokers were very good.
That was very good.
No, it's not Dracula.
Wow.
And it's also not Renfee.
Oh, Renfee.
Renfee was great in that.
Let me say it again.
The only Renfee old is whatever that guy's name was.
What's his name again?
I don't know.
Yeah, that's right.
And the only, whatever his name is.
What's his name?
Him too.
No, I'm talking about Renfee.
I'm talking about Professor von Helst.
Professor von Helst.
Edward Vensilm.
Is that it?
Well, the Brahms Stokers was a happy one.
I don't remember that, but I can't remember the name of imaginary heroes.
By the way, do we get there yet?
Prison Break or whatever it's called?
Primal here?
No.
Still is not there?
I bet there during the next break I better do a little Amazon dot coming on there and see what's going on.
Tracking it?
Yeah.
But what do you track it?
I'll go check the mail again.
I haven't checked it for the last time.
Ah, I bet you're out there right now.
And before I waste my time doing that, you go right now.
Just take off.
All right.
I'll get out of there.
You lost.
You lost.
Oh, man.
He is just turning into a real hard ass.
Is it all right?
You know what I'm saying?
He just ran out of here right now.
Good.
Good.
Maybe he'll trip and fall and knock some sense in.
70s idle, teen idle, leaf gear.
Now you don't know who that is, do you?
I've heard.
Oh, so you don't want to know who that is?
You're right.
Probably.
Only old fags know who that is, like me.
And Larry Box.
Hey, Larry, how's it going, Larry?
Hope Larry Box is still alive.
70s teen idle, leaf gear are pleaded not guilty when.
The drug possession charges after he was arrested for allegedly trying to ride the subway without a ticket in LA.
Oh, geez.
How the mighty have fallen.
Garrett 40, who was charged with felony possession of heroin and ferre evasion.
Not there.
In fact, it wouldn't surprise me if Alice Rintel's got his picture up from one of the teeny-bopper magazines from 30 years ago.
He was in a teeny-bopper magazine?
But third, man.
We've got Garrett.
Oh.
He was sentenced to your package there?
No.
He was held without bail for allegedly violating terms of his probation for a previous drug offense.
He pleaded guilty and marched to attempt a possession of cocaine-based narcotics and placed on probation.
An email seeking comment from a spokeswoman listed on Garrett's website was not immediately returned.
Here was arrested by LA Sheriff Deputy Senator evening on the platform of the Pershing Square Red Line Station downtown for allegedly not having a ticket to ride the train.
He didn't have a ticket to ride.
Deputy's then allegedly found suspect in narcotics, a name-musician actor, official said.
If they say don't have that, ticket to ride, baby.
Let's crack it up the beetles.
Here we go.
As Ed Sullivan would say, the beetles.
Come on.
Don't have it.
Give me a minute.
If convicted, Garrett probably would avoid jail time under a law that says some convicted drug uses to treatment.
Like I said, here's ticket to ride the beetles, which was on the other side of...
Huh?
Another hell of something.
I don't want to talk about this stuff because I'm looking it up.
I want to see what we're going to have to start with.
It was definitely the B side, which was pretty amazing because that's a great sign.
Damn, damn, damn, damn, damn, damn, damn.
Let's see.
If he asks, I love you, hard days, not just for like 4,000, my God.
Take a drive.
It doesn't say what's under the sign.
Maybe I'm wrong.
It was number one for one week.
I guess I could tell by the number, capital 5407, but I don't think it was not under the sign of something.
Wouldn't it be that I am?
I guess it was not.
Well, there was something on the other side.
Somebody will know.
Maybe Chikaneck will go into Totsky around and find the other...
I'm trying to know.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Nine-one-one.
What's your emergency?
My.
You have a hair ball.
My.
Oh, it's your owner.
What happened?
My.
My.
He fell out of his wheelchair.
My.
Is he still breathing?
My.
Okay, can you go check?
I'll stay on the line.
My.
My.
Good.
Good.
Help is on the way.
I know you're scared.
My.
Just stay on the line with me and think happy thoughts.
Imagine a giant mouse filled with catnip.
What?
Is there anything else you need us to do?
What?
What?
Of course you are.
I'll have one of the officers open a can for you.
What?
Oh, who's a good kitty?
What?
Yes, you are who's a good kitty.
Oh, who's a good kitty?
Who's a good kitty?
Who's a good kitty?
Oh, man.
That's guys with cats.
I mean, women with cats that can understand, right?
Right.
But a guy with a cat, I'll never know.
People with cats are people who can't relate to dogs.
People are too shallow to relate to a dog.
In fact, probably they're people with dogs hate like poison.
Now people that have cats and dogs, that's so the dogs feel better because the cats smell so much worse.
I mean, ever see anybody, ever know anybody with a dog that had a doggy box in the house?
No.
How about some doggy litter?
What do you say?
No, I don't think so.
Especially that one, yeah.
A golden retriever.
Anyway, 942 votes on a poll.
We need 58 and 28.
That's a little more than two votes a minute.
Can we do it?
That's the question.
In fact, I hear the rumor that I just started that if we get to a thousand votes by two o'clock on this poll,
they're going to triple our bonus.
Forget about that number two crap.
What do you say?
All right.
Let's start that rumor and spread it around.
Now, what was Eric's response to the, besides, whoa!
Besides that about this movie poll?
No problem.
That's why I had to go back to the other thing.
I had to load it up.
The thing that I has faxed you.
Yeah.
And then just send him the link of it.
And then no problem.
He separated the Godfather's with a hose.
How the hell did we do that, Father?
I don't know.
I don't know why we did it.
Why?
I don't know why we did it.
Why not?
That's a good poll.
What's the best movie of all time?
We always do it.
What's the best movie the last 20 years?
What's the best thing is?
I don't know why we lumped the Godfather's together, I guess.
Because I think you said that.
I must have thought.
I sure is how it wouldn't have said it.
I know.
I wouldn't have.
I must have been.
I was sure is how the Godfather's three on here.
Because whoever said that.
The force spent 17 can only for lunch.
Get pun.
Whose death in 2005?
Holy, holy, you.
Man, that's the Eli Wallach.
Could he act or what?
What a jackass.
Now, in a way, man, didn't he die?
Finally.
I don't know.
I think he did.
Eli Wallach, I think, one of the, we kept checking every couple of days to see if he croaked yet.
We were hoping.
Man, Eli Wallach.
A legend in his own mind.
Who, and I don't care what you say.
I think that, um, what the hell was the actor that played Hyman Roth that had the acting school?
Oh, he's.
You know what I'm talking about.
Yeah.
He was very famous for his teaching acting, but those who teach, uh, don't know how to do it.
You know what they say?
That's what they say.
I don't think Eli Wallach's dead.
Good for him.
Boy, look up.
How are you going to do this?
I guess you got a Google Godfather too.
Yeah.
Go to IMDb into a Godfather two thing in the check Hyman Roth.
He's 90.
Eli Wallach is 90.
Well, good for him.
I hope his kiscus are twisting, you know, because of those canolies.
Who's death in 2005 was saddest to you.
All the Americans who died needlessly in Iraq, 222.
222.
Johnny Carson, 116.
Richard prior 110.
So Johnny, that's where the real battle is going on.
Johnny's edge in the head of Richard.
I hate this poll 79 and not only above 72.
Hunter rest, Thompson 53.
Pope John Paul the 242.
What a great, wonderful pollock.
Luther Van Ross 32 and Van Crab 29.
Peter Jennings 18.
Rosa Park 16.
Bob Denver 13.
Nipsey Russell 13.
Who did Moe, Lee Straspert?
Lee Straspert from the Straspert School of bad acting.
And I don't know about you.
I didn't think his acting was good enough.
And he kept acting like a dying old man.
I was just a nut.
He gave me spiel piece.
That Adam's 13.
Simon Viesenthal 13, speaking of old Jews.
Eddie Guerrero 12.
Was he Jewish?
Terry Shiveau had a dozen.
Not if he countered.
He was a Jew.
How did he help him?
You know, when you think of the alien thing and the Terry Shiveau
and you wonder how you keep your sanity,
Hank Stram 8, George Vest 7, he was the best.
James Duhon 6.
I thought there was another guy that from a star director died.
Well, the other guy had died years ago.
What's his name?
The guy that played the bones.
Oh, the bones.
He died there.
Yeah, he's already bones.
Speaking of big bone, February 6th, John Lurian 6th,
Pad Maria 5, Paul Winsill 5th, there's 11 people say,
I'm not fat, I'm just big bone.
Frank Perdue 5.
Man, oh man, I sure hope they kill all them chickens.
Don't forget, kill the chicken for Christ, choke one.
William Renquist 5, Eddie Albert 3,
San Bernardi 3, Ed McVain 2.
I have no idea who that is.
Johnny Cochran 2, Howard Morris 2, William Lehman 2.
And only one, Solomon Theluno for Louis Nye, Vincent Cevelli,
Barbara Melgettus, Max Schmeling, Pad McCormick, Michael Veil,
Frank Gorshin, Dick Weber, the Borer.
He was no, Eddie Koalux, Jack Anderson, William Proxmire,
Skitch Henderson, Sir John Mills, Barbara Belgettis, Arthur Miller,
who actually was married to Marilyn Monroe,
which means he had bad eyesight.
We knew that because she was also married to Joe D.
And then no votes for Link Ray Sidloff.
Did you look up Sidloff who was married?
I'm sure too.
In fact, isn't Judy Garland's one of her daughters named something?
Lorna.
Lorna Loffed?
Yeah.
Very good.
Yeah, she was married to, what's his name, the Millie?
Millie Vanilley.
Bill Millie Vanilley.
Any other, no votes for these?
Any other Prince Vinears surely, Chisholm, Ossi Davis, Jean McCarty?
That's bad.
Ralph Edwards, this was your life, Ralph.
Helder guard John Ray, Tarot and Davis, Prince Vinear and Saul Bellow.
They just don't know Saul Bellow.
He was Mel O'Yill.
I wonder if Donovan's dead yet.
I don't hope it doesn't make any horrible music.
Somebody fax him information here.
In fact, we got two faxes on ticket to ride.
John and Louisiana.
That's our buddy.
That's our Louisiana contact.
He's right in from underwater.
By the way, you've had a good other, John.
I heard it's a chocolate state.
We'll just eat it.
The ticket to ride was on the Beatles album Help.
Well, that's what we said, isn't it?
Yes.
Which was originally titled Eight Arms to Hold You, Book Quickly Changed.
How do you like that?
The ticket to ride was number one on the charts for one week in May 65 knocked off by the Beach Boys.
Help me, Rhonda.
I don't like that song at all.
I love the Beach Boys, but that's one of my favorite.
We really like that.
Help me, Rhonda.
No, not really.
Or I hate it.
It stayed on the charts.
The ticket to ride for 11 weeks.
Well, that's not what my book said.
It's just nine weeks.
The flip side was a song called Yes It Is.
Oh, yes it is.
That's the song.
Yes, I love that.
I love it.
Now, that's helped me, Rhonda.
You got Yes It Is?
That's one of the early obscure one of my very favorite Beatles songs of all time, even better
than ticket to ride.
Yes, it is.
One of the guys tried to tell us was on the other side, Rain?
Well, guess what?
Don't rain on our parade pad.
You're full of it.
Yes, it is in ticket to ride.
That was the two flip sides.
You got it?
I bet you don't got it.
I don't.
Well, it's good.
Yes, it is.
Here's one that says Violin and this song has an interesting origin.
First, it was sung during a skiing sequence in the film in Austria.
I bet you John Jarris has got a ticket to ride.
Too bad, leave Garrett, didn't.
Which again has nothing to do with the song.
In fact, it was a skiing sequence in Austria.
The origin of the title was that in Hamburg, Germany, wow.
Prostitutes were required to have regular medical checkups to ensure that they were okay.
And as a result, each girl upon receiving this clean bill of health would be given a card to carry,
attesting that they were medically fine.
Len and thought up the phrase, ticket to ride to describe these girls in their respective cards.
Ah, the song itself describes where a girl was taken a ride out of his life, recorded in February 15, 1965.
Note, when ticket to ride was released as a single in America, its B-side was sung by Len entitled,
Yes, it is.
It appears on the Beatles' past master CD, volume one.
Is it on there?
Yes, it is.
No, it is.
It is.
Not on your stuff, but it is on there somewhere.
It is a great song, you know the song, actually, yes it is.
Huh?
Yes, but we don't have it.
Oh, well, maybe I have to go out and buy some Beatles today, huh?
Or maybe some old Ed Sullivan CDs.
It is a really big man, old man.
Ed Solomon, that is my grandma, he has to know that there was a name song.
No neck here, I get to shoulder of crying.
Okay, how we doing on his vote, total here?
961, we got 20 minutes, oh, not looking good at all.
Not looking too promising.
Not with his crowd, we will never make it to 1000, that is because we have been 964,
we need 36 votes in 20 minutes, no chance in our pants, just Martians.
Are we going to do it?
I am telling you right now, if we don't get to 1000 by like 12th by 159 something,
I am taking 6-7 months off.
This is Neil's birthday, the doctor's one on Strayus.
It's 5.62 a.m.
Hey, Neil, it's true, I can't have an orgasm just driving down on 95,
but only if you're driving beside me.
Who am I, Jean-Loubjou?
Yes, you know it's true.
I hope you'll need my love, Jean.
Just 50 votes for you.
Oh, oh, hold me, touch me.
You need me, bust me.
I need my share of love, Jean.
8 times a day.
I love you every day, Jean.
Just look straight after Brian.
I think this is my best side, get a tight shot of my day high.
Welcome.
Oh, oh, hold me, touch me.
You need me, bust me.
I need my share of love, Jean.
8 times a day.
8 times a day.
It's just a low ball, everyone.
I'm sure to win.
8 times a day.
It's just enough to pay my bill.
Who am I, Jean-Loubjou?
Yes, this is why I say this week for you.
I hope you'll need my love, Jean.
My house is famous, I do.
Oh, oh, hold me, touch me.
You need me, bust me.
I need my share of love, Jean.
8 times a day.
8 times a day.
To teach my husband how to.
8 times a day.
It's good to see you daddy, quail.
Love me every day, Jean.
You're always on my tail.
Make me scream for pageant.
I'll be in jail.
Oh, oh, hold me, touch me.
You need me, bust me.
I need my share of love, Jean.
8 times a day.
8 times a day.
What's third of me?
8 times a day.
Oh, right.
147, I can't see where it's man.
She was really something.
She can't say it on the ear though.
We got on the Sun Central pool, 2246 total responses on your online pool.
A group strongly supported by Florida's Republican party wants to vote a referendum
this November whether the band game marriages and same-sex civil unions in the state.
They're not just satisfied with the same-sex marriage thing and civil unions, you know?
I wasn't voted.
Are you fool or against the band?
You voted, I don't care.
No, I voted against the people that are for the band.
Oh, I'm in favor of the band, 41.4%.
I'm against the band, 53.2%.
And I have no clue what it's all about, 5.4%.
I want the gay people to get married so that they won't be gay anymore.
I see.
And then they'll make you forget about your problem.
Be happy or gay.
Right.
So I do like that.
And of course that's in Broward County and probably a lot of our people are running for water.
And we're going to make our thousand out of you like that.
Now, can you imagine if they took the same pool like in a Lachua County?
Ooh.
Or in the Lee County?
Or in Coyoteer County?
Oh, boy.
Man, oh, man.
Do we have a Cobb County?
Yeah, we got Cobb County.
It's in Jojo.
Oh, okay.
Imagine if they took that pool in Jojo?
Or in the whole question would be, who would you want to rinse first?
Guys getting a hipster civil union for Civil War.
996.
Boy, some lucky first out there is going to be our thousandth vote today.
And if we had the cash we'd bring in COVID-19, Georgia would come right to your house and Josh would run in and give you a million dollars in cash.
Or whatever he decided to lift over.
Five bucks.
Nine 96.
How you like that?
You have little faith.
I told you we'd do it.
Our audience comes through for us.
All phone calls are not all the rest of the year except whatever stories I want to read.
Like this one.
You don't think I'm really going to do it?
No.
Give me a go.
I'll bend out a shame.
Oh, yeah.
He's our programming expert.
I'll tell you one thing.
He sure got a better pulse of what's going on in our program director.
Sure.
He listens.
I got news for your clearance.
You better start to stay away from them ball games like I told you.
This place needs a hammer and a couple of nails and needs to be put back together again after the damage of destruction.
The Greg Reed did.
Our consultant.
How do you like that?
This man is our consultant.
That's got to be one of the biggest jokes in the history of mankind.
You call that a consultant?
You call that a format?
Okay.
Just calm down.
I'm looking at those men numbers, Meredith.
You know, all the stories that hurricane and we got scrooge because we're December against the November December.
And part of that is true.
And nobody's speaking English that he dies.
He's but, but I mean, come on now.
Tuz and Trees on this radio station in men 2554 living and breathing men.
I say we like all hop and George's big vehicle there.
And we head up to our belt, little Maryland and take care of it.
I'll bring a club.
Put a little, not a little sense of them bastards out there.
These are the battleground for women's rights is expanding from the boardroom to the bathroom.
In a serious legislative initiative, nicknamed potty part parody is giving new mean to the term separate but equal.
This will make Christian science monitors.
So must be true.
The new push, the new pitch, which is quite the making its way to construction standards around the world says restrooms should provide two to three times as many outlets for women as for men.
In that sense, potty parody bills offer women more than parody.
It finally may trim the long lines for women's rooms at the other stadiums and highway rest stops.
It's a good thing to say, Kerry Roberts, of writing massive shopper at the Financial Center Mall in Boston.
She says the wait time for restrooms needs to be the same for both men and women.
There's always this conversation is conspiracy among women waiting in line to bathroom.
She says, when there was always asking, is there anyone in the men's room can we go over there and take it over?
When it came to restrooms, architects and lawyers used to think in terms of square footage rather than number of outlets or physiology.
But study show that because women have different needs on average, they spend twice as much time in the batter and as men fight ball of their lines.
I'll tell you I was just at that four-letter report that horrible trip back from hell.
And the lady, there was no line at the men's that's here room there in the terminal four, but the lady's room it stretched out all the way to the concession stand.
Man, how was that all about?
I think maybe they were having a sit in.
You know that.
How do you spell that?
152 at 560 WNQM, we got Curtis Stevens and come up now is our close personal friend Todd Caldwell.
We're going to be doing the update.
I'm sure hope so.
Wow, that is really special.
Hey Todd!
And then we got the mad dog four to seven and they have panther stuff with Jesse Agler and the guilty and silly as Red D'Aurandy and an eddie-K after we get that out of the way.
Panthers kicked Phoenix's ass.
Hey folks, if you want to see the most amazing fireworks stunt show ever, then make plans not to go to Pompano Park on Saturday, January 28th, that's a week from the Saturday to see the unbelievable show called Hot To Trot.
Australian trainer and driver Vince Silvestro and his amazing horse hand me silver will race around the dark track shooting off more than 2,000 rounds of fireworks from the back of their racetrack.
Silvestro will drive the horse while standing on the shafts of his racetrack holding the reins in his teeth and 15,000 candle power marine flares in his hands.
There will be a spectacular infield display after the show.
You have to see this hot to truck show to believe it.
And again, market down on your wrist Saturday, January 28th at Pompano Park at 9pm, it's a week from this Saturday.
And of course, like always, Pompano Park features free admission, free general parking every day, life harness racing in the poker room, open every Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday,
poker starts in new and live racing gets underway at 7pm and don't forget every Monday night at Pompano Park, a two for $25 dinner special at the top of the park restaurant.
Every Wednesday night is dollar night for draft beer, so don't have to go out to the more.
Pompano Park is the black South Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road and of course, I'm locating every day seven days a week.
For the new race schedule, go on web on the web at Pompano Park dot com or call 9 5 4 9 7 2 2,000.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5 16 Q a.
You f***ing.
Sports where you're ready, you always want to keep forward.
You a.
Who do you think this is?
I know it.
We can just sit here.
Now I have to do it.
Act, I prefer and show it into my dicker than I am.
Now you can't take Pompano round on pole.
All that makes my mind my sore.
The best years of what remained in my life I gave to his place.
Just for all time, I think of going ahead on the new means of the bliss we have heard deep and new.
I have had enough for you, get a guy.
Not use it as a roadside.
You fastest, you're the only one dead man.
I know I'm gonna stay home by the way from here.
I'll hand my keeps back you forward.
Car that I drove on top.
I go to my orifice and lean out my desk.
That is if I only had an orifice or a desk as wet up to both grub.
Hold up all my silhouettes to the bench.
That's a unique place.
I wonder if we can learn about this way when he got to know for a day we need to.
Story, story, story, story, story.
Story, story, story, story, story.
I didn't even hear a few sport hold we.
A big point of rest of me.
158, we got Curtis Standard Mine.
We got the final 2015 vote.
Thank you very much.
I changed the thing there.
We will give them plenty of time.
I mean like today, tonight, and all weekend, right?
This is tomorrow's pool.
Don't be giving me a son of an aunt.
No, this is yesterday.
No, this is tomorrow's pool.
We're just giving you a head start.
And the worst part of it is, how do I find voting for train spotting?
What are it is on the bottom?
Well, that's where you're expected to find it on the bottom.
I watch the other weekend.
I make it important.
I watch the other weekend.
What's that train spot?
Yeah, yeah.
Sounds like it.
Still spotty.
I can't find Magnolia.
Oh, there it is.
Oh, boy.
I really don't believe that.
But I'm voting for just to give it a leg up.
You understand?
That's what this grant always used to say.
It's always good to have a leg up.
And from what I understand.
Look at that.
Somebody voted for God.
I found that and he put part one.
Oh, Jesus, Eric.
And I wrote it out the way it was supposed to be, too.
That's okay.
Don't change it.
Just to piss off that guy at the, you know, at nip picker.
Oh, there's no part one.
Just to separate so they know what we're talking about.
And I didn't know no Godfather.
So who voted for that?
Probably Eric.
Because who else would know that we changed the pool?
Oh, there's people clicking on it constantly.
What you're talking about.
They're clicking on it.
Yeah, click on it.
Freshening all the time.
It is refreshing and it is mild.
Okay. So we suck.
We got a lot of work to do.
That's good.
Otherwise you get fat and complacent.
We got the fat part down to the signs.
But the complacent part.
And by the way, the promo.
They're rejoin there about Howard David.
Hey, forget about the ball games.
Clarence gets your nose to the grindstone sweetheart.
Bye, bye.
