Neil coming up next we'll see you tomorrow.
Thanks for listening.
The music expressed on the previous programs are those of you.
Happy birthday George.
We get needs.
The best talent.
This is 43560.
George is on your agenda.
Yeah.
Miami 420.
But you are way 25 pairs of tickets to each regular season home game.
I had a pair of tickets to Super Bowl 41 from Burger King and Sport Radio 560.
You too, babe.
So you can get into the center of the earth.
See if it's a real smart, it's been breaking red dots for complete details.
Bell Sound Small Business simplifies your voice, data and network experience.
So you can stay focused on what's important to you.
Bell Sound offers the ease of one-stop shopping, reliability and stability.
All of them.
Cramer.
What is the deal with the old behavior?
Maybe I'm a psycho bitcher.
My fault was a strange light, but the comedy code.
Some peck but cut the mess with this and you was washed up.
You did sign failed, but it won't be a last thing.
You'd have a bitch in audition and then they'll give you a casting.
Sorry, that was mean.
And then he used up some things and everybody's her 30 of your apology.
What the fuck?
Oh, I had a second menu through the coup.
Acting like the soup, not seafood with the soup.
Oh, oh, this is evil.
Coming in late to become a psycho bitcher.
Let's make making talk.
But I shouldn't get so mad at you.
My parents, my parents, my parents, my parents.
You got a lot to say about that, right?
You can't get so mad.
Years from the camera have made you known.
Who'd have thought it could all be destroyed by one camera phone and now they say,
you're a racist, but I say no.
Way, dreamers, heck, I wasn't fired by the rap group can't inflate.
You should have gotten out of it, turned it into a bit,
men and doubt.
Oh, you got a shout.
It's just you show the thing.
But now you said that word that you cannot say.
And you said it with the E-R and not the day.
I want to say, and you can't say the word.
I think it's myself just saying the word.
Just stop.
Grama, just stop saying it.
But you can't say it.
But now you're in a lot of trouble.
I can't help it anymore, Grama.
It's suburbanhomeboy.com.
Booth, ee, ee, ee, ee, ee, ee, ee, ee, ee, ee,
Booth, ee.
You know, that one guy and he sounds a little bit like Neil Rogers.
Good.
George Rodriguez.
No good.
Like your buddy, Scottie Mac, doesn't he, or am I just hallucinating?
No, he did.
Well, if I'm hallucinating, it wouldn't be the first time last couple of days.
But that's the way it goes, man.
That's just what life is.
Somebody just, they reach inside of your innards and they tear your kish-fee's out.
So thank God for George being there yesterday to work when I was just all just drained and
sick and puking and so on.
And today's George's birthday.
You don't sound too excited about it.
Thank you.
Oh, well, I am on the inside.
I'm excited.
I'm excited on the inside.
I see Joe Bell was in there.
He bring in a big cake and party favors and flavors and stuff or not.
Nobody gave me a big, wet one.
Did he give you a big, wet one?
Yeah.
One.
Run on the old cheek.
Right, Joe.
Well, we're going to make a thousand votes on the poll today and we made, what do we do?
Yes, oh, George had a big turn out yesterday.
Thank God for George.
My king's staggering here at about eight twenty yesterday morning.
Like they do every morning, although me and not staggering quite so much, just mentally
and physically drained and drained and ready to blow my brains out.
Well, you heard how I sounded.
Yeah.
Pained.
Suicidal, yeah.
And then he ate and thank God for George being there.
Otherwise, Joshua had a sit there and do the show all by himself.
That's right, man.
I tried to hand it over to him a couple times.
And what do you say?
I wouldn't fall in for that.
Not a lot.
That's the problem.
I don't know.
I heard last a couple minutes of the show when you were talking about some chicken of
bathtub or something with some queen that jumped out.
All right.
Speaking of queen, weren't you talking about that?
Oh, Salad.
Oh, the blind date girl, yeah.
And then with our Christmas party or not, no, we had no hot tub action at the Christmas
party.
Oh, what a shame.
We did.
A lot of people would have been like, oh, I was the Christmas party.
By the way, I was about to say before you interrupted me, I was about to say, here's
a little word of advice for everybody in the audience, especially all you old people
and young people and everybody in between.
Just remember, I told you this, okay?
And believe me, I know.
You ready for it?
Right down.
All right.
Got my whole queens, young, straight guys, bad combination.
Okay.
I just mentioned that.
She had never would have thought of that.
I mean, I'm not talking about in a sexual sense right now.
I'm just talking about in general in terms of life.
They're just not on the same wavelength.
There's always suspicion and paranoia and like, I like that.
And a lot of grief.
I don't need any grief.
But anyway, what were we saying about the Christmas party?
How was it?
The Christmas party was great.
Well, I had a fun time.
I talked about it yesterday.
I'm sure a lot.
I don't want to like rehash all your material.
It's not a lot.
The food was good.
The booze was free and flowed freely.
We had a good time.
A lot of people there, enough of us who liked each other to have a good time.
Because country people were with us for the first time ever.
And they bugged out really early, probably because of all that of Noxious Power 96 music
that they were playing.
They were playing Power 96 music?
I don't know exactly if it was Power 96 music.
It wasn't up there, Ali.
It wasn't up there, Older Road there, the Kiss Country people.
And they bugged out early.
Other than that, it was great.
That's all your good old friend Earl the Pearl from Kiss Country.
He was there.
Really?
Johnny Darl.
I'll be there.
Give him a big hug, big warm hug, and a kiss.
Big guy, and a kiss.
Licked his neck a little bit.
It must be about 180 now, isn't it?
Earl the Squirrel?
Boy, you've been around a long time.
Does it look a day over 30?
Now with Ricky Tickey Shaw hanging it up very soon.
And of course with me getting a planning on retirement any minute now, he'll be one of
the oldest survivors.
Earl the Squirrel, wouldn't you think?
Probably.
And Johnny Darl.
And I did somebody say Johnny Darl is on Kiss or that I'd read that.
He's on Kiss and he was there at the party.
He's kissing it?
Oh my God.
Johnny Darl!
Wow.
I was gonna play.
Johnny Darl said.
But I can't do that.
Right, not anymore.
Oh, and I saw your good personal friend Bob DeMuth.
He was there.
Bob DeMuth was there?
That's right.
Oh, I wish I had that jingle.
Look and cut his felt.
Looks like he lost some weight.
I don't even, I never met the man.
I don't know him if he walked in here right now, would know who the hell it was.
Bob DeMuth?
Yeah.
Oh Bob DeMuth, I thought you were talking about.
What's the guy at IOD driving down the highway?
Bob DeMuth?
To carwash.
You're talking about the corporate engineer?
Oh, right.
Your buddy.
Bob Vermuth.
You're all drinking buddy.
Yeah, from Amsterdam, right?
Right.
They took one look at him and said,
Oh, hey, they were right.
Anyway, wait till you hear this.
American troops in Iraq have become masters of improvisation
like Voltinge, jury rigged, armor,
to humvees, to shield themselves from snack,
preferring tracknell.
Lately and even more novel items
joined their battle kits, Stanford, New Jersey,
mom, Marcel Schreiber.
Recently got a call from her son Todd requesting silly string.
Speaking of Scotty Mack.
How do you like that?
Silly string.
Hyperventilating.
I'll bet.
This was on the Daily Show.
Was it?
Yeah.
Marines working with his unit in Iraq had shown the Army combat engineer
how it could be used to detect tripwires.
Before searching buildings, for example, personnel sprayed their ways from
release ten feet away with streams of foam and see if they're
stacked by barely visible wires which are often affixed to bombs.
Huh.
The Army acknowledges the off-labeled use in Marine spokesman Captain
Jade Belarusus says we force Marine trainees to improvise.
Travers raising money to mills.
They'll silly string to Iraq.
Erasal cans are a hazmat and costly to ship.
So next time you waste the string at a party,
remember, could save a life?
On other words, regular string she's sending.
Doesn't say silly.
They're mailing string.
How do you like that?
Maybe mail some ropes as people get in the hang of each other.
They're finding all the ways to kill each other.
It's a real party over there.
It's a picnic.
Somebody needs to bring me ants.
13, 146 votes on Georgia's poids yesterday, even though it wasn't really your
pool.
It was your list of his pools which thank you lucky stars.
I had it up there already.
That's right.
You see what a good idea it is to get the next days pulled up the day in advance
so that you don't have to like posh gear around in the morning if I don't show
up or whatever?
Freakin' brilliant.
It is.
On average, how many times did you vote on the O's pool?
13, 146 votes and once, a thousand eleven, 75%, three quarters of the audience, only votes
once a day in a pool.
Twice, once at home and once at work, 119.
That's okay.
We don't mind that.
I usually don't vote but I'm voting today, 93.
Now, I don't even understand that.
No.
I don't even understand.
You put it all there.
No, I put on there whatever was whoever sent the pool.
Oh, I see.
This isn't some pool I came up with.
You could mail.
I think I come up with a piece of crap.
I made a great poll like this.
Yeah.
The pool suck, 48.
I hate this pool only 38, 2.8%.
So like I said, although the pool suck, you put them together.
It's ugly.
I vote a bunch of times today on Eels, pool 23.
Those people out there that want to have influence, you know, in power and more than
twice 14.
For idiots who are busy tapping on it all day.
What's this thing you just owed?
Somebody just faxed this in.
Thank you so much.
By the way, it's George's birthday.
I forgot about that.
Not that I didn't already send you.
Sorry, but you remembered what it was important.
Because as you add, I'm not going to go into it.
I mean, there are so many things I could see here on this show here today, but there's
no point in doing it because what?
No, no, about about the birthday check and a check for Josh.
And it's going to happen to be a very generous kind, warm-hearted soul.
And it's for sometimes with some to understand that.
And you know what?
Screw them.
It's the way it always happens.
An American Airlines flight was forced to make an emergency landing Monday morning.
Monday morning, this is Wednesday last time I checked.
After a passenger lit a match to the sky's descent of flexilence, all right.
Now we're talking.
This could be, thank you whoever sent this in.
This is the greatest story in the history of mankind.
I mean, what a genius.
Somebody cuts some nasty bad cheese or maybe somebody else done it on a plane.
And so we like some match to, uh, thank God for that guy.
That's a good thing.
The service found flight was never did a national actor.
Several passengers reported smelling burning sulfur from the matches.
Are you sure what from the matches?
Sid Lidlore and spokesman for the National International Airport Authority.
All 99 passengers and five crew members were taken off and screened while the plane was
searched and luggage was screened.
Brutal.
The FBI questioned the passenger admitted she struck the matches and an attempt to conceal
a body odor.
Lauren said she's under the match.
She dealt it and she tried to cover it up.
Everybody like that.
She dealt it and she went.
Everybody else to be smell of the smelt.
But she had an unspecified medical condition.
The 30 said right.
She farted unspecified.
Oh, if you take the part, you know, you have a medical condition.
You know what I'm saying?
And the humorous, uh, it's humorous in a way, but you feel sorry for the individual as
well.
She said it's unusual that someone will go to these measures to cover it up.
No, it isn't.
The flight took off again, probably not even under its own power, but the woman wasn't
allowed back on the plane.
No, it isn't.
The woman wasn't identified.
It was not charged.
And they said they don't let her back on the plane.
I'm not sure because she was a night or because she was farting up the storm.
And even the charcoal that had put in the seats wouldn't absorb it.
You know, that's the one good thing I've said at many times before.
I'll say it again along the traveling I do.
Thank the Lord that they put that charcoal in the seat and airplanes, especially on those
long flights like to Europe and so on.
Because I don't know about, huh?
I don't know about anybody else, but boy, I'm cutting some nasty silent.
But the other thing that I'm going to say is that I'm going to have a little bit of
very deadly cheese and air in it.
And just because I keep feeding you and feeding you.
And not only that, but I think it has something to do with the air that you're breathing is
really bad.
And you're like gasping for oxygen.
I don't know.
Doesn't have something to do with farting.
Yeah, sure.
I think that's what it does.
I mean, you know, if it goes in bad, it's going to come out real bad.
But anyway, they got a lot of charcoal in the seats.
And fortunately, I don't know.
I don't think I ever smelled anybody's farts and foodie-mo in on a plane.
Thank God.
Smeltie-mo, they're nasty orders, but that's what we said.
Kind of like those woodbind smells.
And of course, today is W-W.
Don't forget to change that poll, George.
I might.
I won't lose Eric hasn't yet put the one for the martin.
That's okay.
I'm not trying to be pushy, Eric.
You know me.
I'm kind of a pushy old Jew.
That's my biggest name.
So best talent is that this is me Roger.
And now, holy mackenon.
This is Joe Boyle on the Voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
And you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neal God.
Toronto Maple Leafs, what a sudden.
They are pathetic.
Am I right?
Sure.
That's the deepening.
And blow.
We all know who Charlie Christmas is.
We all know Charlie Christmas.
But if you know Charlie Christmas, not straight, he's a queer.
Yeah.
He's just been a light that could lead for a ghost.
But he's got a secret that I think you should hear.
We all know who Charlie Christmas is.
We all know who Charlie Christmas.
But if you know Charlie Christmas, not straight, he's a queer.
Come out of the closet and be who you are.
Remember Mark Bowie and what happened this year.
We all know Charlie Christmas.
He all know Charlie Christmas.
But if you know Charlie Christmas, not straight, he's a queer.
You're fairer.
Since 17 and 560 W.Q.A. I'm happy Wednesday.
The 6th of December, man.
It's only 19 days away from Christmas.
Aren't you excited?
No. And it's the Georgia's birthday.
Did I mention that?
It's Georgia's birthday.
Nice.
Thank you, Georgia.
What did they send you?
Birthday rings?
Yes.
Wasn't that nice?
Isn't that sweet?
Somebody very sweet out there, Spencer.
Oh, I was speaking to somebody very sweet.
We have 1,813, 1,813 MySpace friends on our MySpace page.
And I'm not reading that thing anymore.
Okay.
And not that I do in the first place.
I did once and it turned out to be again.
I just, I just don't have time to look at it.
Miguel will take good care of MySpace.
Let me just give a word of advice to all you people out there.
This is again, another word of warning, just like I told you earlier in the show.
I gave you a really good lesson to live by.
Here's another one.
Don't get involved with people on the internet that you don't really know.
Okay.
Do not get involved.
It'll tear your brains out and it'll just leave you limp and disappointed.
Not all.
Not necessarily always.
Or maybe you'll wind up on date line.
Maybe.
You're a real pervert.
And you belong there.
I love that show.
If you try, you love that one.
Oh, sure.
You should say something else.
Did he say something else, Josh?
No.
And with SH, I'm sure you said it.
I love that.
Shall we go?
Oh, today's pool.
And it ties with him with this.
I'm not going to be a whole lot of stuff today.
Am I?
Although I noticed that you had some good calls yesterday.
Oh, yeah.
I didn't hear much just the last time I was in there waiting to speak to you and say,
thank you very much for, you know, feeling me out yesterday.
WQ Ryan.
Hello.
George's birthday line.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
I put a mix of men's work gloves in my red in this weekend.
Happy birthday, George.
WQ Ryan, hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you?
Okay, sir.
Welcome back.
I'm glad you're feeling better.
I'm okay, today.
I'll survive.
Hey, you've been playing the holiday type of a bit.
I've been heard of the oldest Christmas set.
Oh, well, keep listening and you'll hear it.
Anyway, here's the poll result today.
Who's your favorite choice for president in 2008?
We've got almost a thousand votes already.
How do you like that?
I like it.
9-9-51.
Your favorite choice for president in 2008?
And look at the battle we got going on here.
It's almost a dead of heat.
It's neck and neck.
Ask to ask, as Jennifer Conley would say.
Barack Obama 268, Al Gore 259.
How many votes separate the two leaders here?
Yeah, I'd better start counting them hanging chads.
How do you like that?
I voted for Barack Obama.
And so did George.
Oh, he was.
Oh, sorry.
9-9 votes apart.
And all this business about,
wow, he's in a staring stand.
Oh, yeah, something.
He's got it.
There are certain things like Kennedy had, JFK had it,
and above ahead it.
And his guy's got it.
Pizzaz.
He's got some pizzaz, man.
He's got some schmaltz there.
This business of, well, experience, what?
Experience what?
It's one of those you learned on the job.
And by the way, how about that Bush 41 yesterday, huh?
Well, I mean, that is just, if a Democrat would know,
what a win, what a worst, you know.
But here is George Bush, Herbert Walker, fascist.
Just a, yeah, like that.
That.
That.
That.
That.
You know something, every time I think about his sons,
I want to cry too.
That's right.
The last government.
There he is with Jebi, your fan asset governor,
who's with his dysfunctional family.
I mean, this is what really, Craig,
and now he's talking about it.
It's not like he was talking about some death in the family
or some meal.
He's talking about the fact that I lost an election,
the child's in 94.
Big deal, okay?
Seems to me that Herbert Walker lost an election too.
I could be wrong about that, but it seems I could be right.
Then he lose an election to Bill Clinton in 92.
I think he did, yes.
Anyway, 960 votes on the poll.
Who's your favorite choice for present in 2008?
Barack Obama 272, out of order 261.
Only 11 votes apart, but Barack's making a little move now.
Because he's lighter and faster on his feet.
Hillary Clinton, a distant third, 117.
They all suck 114.
Well, that's what a nice development that is.
They all suck.
At holiday time, no less.
Rudy Giuliani 73.
Of course, the Democrats are going to do better in this crowd
because we don't have a lot of our right wingers.
Rudy Giuliani 73, John McCain 52, John Kerry 20.
Jeff Bush 17.
Oh, my God.
Are you kidding me?
The fan asset governor, I would be surprised to see him
and make a move now.
Maybe that's what that was all about.
The sentence up for the big emotionalist wanted.
Wednesday, card 16.
Boy, he can show you the great deli sandwich.
I'll say that.
I hate this poll.
Only 7.0.7%.
How do you like that?
They like it for a change.
They like it.
George Pataki 7, Evan Bive, in the end, which I can't believe he got any votes.
Because nobody has any idea who he is.
He's a good guy, Evan Bive.
He's got four.
At the 960.
George Pataki, the board, outgoing governor of New York.
He's got as much chance as Mike neglected.
Call it the frontrunners paradox the story says.
While Hillary, bottom Clinton, tops every national poll of likely 2008 Democratic presidential contenders,
the New York senator is dogged by questions of electability.
Political code for whether she can win enough swing states to prevail in a general election.
It's engaged typically to apply the Democrats.
It's a few questions across over appeal of the GOP frontrunners Senator John McKinney-Barrezone.
Although he's the crygoth the cross-dresser appeal.
And for activists eager to recapture the White House after eight years of George W. Bush,
electability remains a crucial yardstick by which Clinton especially seems to be measured.
In other words, she can win.
That's what that's saying, electability.
Clinton began discussions last week with fellow New York lawmakers about her White House prospects.
And met Sunday with the state's Democratic governor-relect.
All indications will be stepping up plans to join a growing field of potential contenders for 2008.
But some Democrats still believe the odds are against directly being elected president.
Dick Harputlian, that's his name, Harputlian, former chairman of the South Carolina Democratic Party,
not aligned with any presidential, who is among the naysayers.
She's a senator.
She'd be the first woman running and she's celebrated Clinton.
He said, and all of that is almost insurmountable for a general election.
In other words, she is unelectable.
He added there are people who would write a check and die for her,
but there are plenty of others who wouldn't vote for her if she promised to eliminate the income tax and give free ice cream to everybody.
I'll take the free ice cream, no.
I'll take that income tax thing.
People have made up their...
Oh, I'll take that too.
Oh, man, I'd be out of here in no time.
Especially if they give us like rebates.
People have made up their minds already about her and she's got a lot of negativity out there.
A lot of people hate her like poison, man, like poison.
Like arsonic without the old lace, like rat poison.
What is old lace?
Yes, can they?
When you heard that expression, arsonic and old lace?
Yeah, with a movie?
With Boris Karloff, I think it was in it.
It was a movie that I don't understand the meaning of it.
Well, look it up.
Google it and have some fun with it, okay?
Just be careful what you're doing there on the internet.
That's my suggested.
I'll argue people out there.
Man, it's just a very slippery slope.
I want to slide down.
Yeah.
976 votes.
Where we're going to have a thousand pretty damn quick.
And then I can just relax and sit back, slump back in a chair.
And let's you take over again.
Talk about all that frallicking in the hot tub or whatever that was.
Whatever that filth was again.
Fill that all about.
No, what was it about?
We had a coworker here in the Power and E6 Sales Department a while back.
And she was on the Blind Date TV show.
Yeah, outside just in there.
Go ahead.
And one of the segments, she finds herself in the hot tub with her date.
And she's flirting and eventually she takes her bottoms off.
And this guy, this, I'm using that as a relative term,
this guy leaps out of the water like a, like a piranha was swimming in it or something like that.
And we all commented that he's gay.
Yeah.
Of course.
Of course.
Is there any doubt?
Yeah.
There was a little bit of controversy at the time.
I sure jump up, but I wouldn't be in the first place.
Right.
Can imagine me in a hot tub with the whole bunch of people.
I can't even begin to imagine.
Oh, yeah.
That would be like me and Hank are in there.
And the beast.
Oh my god.
Pretty big club.
I can begin to visualize this.
I'm getting nauseous.
I'm getting sick again.
I haven't a recrafts.
I was picking up golf in Mexico.
That's right about the apparting on the plane, man.
That was just that made my day.
I'll tell you, if I need anything,
they ever needed something to make my day today.
Like if I went about like 160 sixths grand,
a progressive jackpot, I would my day.
That would do it.
That would bring me back to earth.
In fact, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to lay it right out there when we come back after the break.
I'm going to tell you something about my, I've been evaluating my whole life flashing before my eyes.
I am.
I'm going to tell you right here on the air.
You ready?
All right.
Not now though.
Okay.
And then maybe during the break, I'll change my mind.
Probably not.
I'll do it.
But I'll do it anyway.
We do that on.
26 past 10 at 560 WQM.
We got the mad dog.
No, we don't.
See, I'm so unhappy to say that.
We got Curtis today.
No, no problem.
Mad dog doesn't want to overdo it.
He's got one of his 84 days of the year that he works.
He's got that in the bag yesterday and another one on Monday.
So we got Curtis and two.
The power hour with Hank Solo 4-5,
which I don't understand what that means.
In other words, Hank's on from 4-7 at the Seminole Hard Rock.
Clutch in his guts out.
Dude, drudge back in.
Just in time for Christmas.
Elton John's biggest hits on one CD,
including your song.
It's a little bit funny.
The spell inside.
Don't let my lunch come out of me.
Yeah!
Guess roll in the wind.
It seems to me.
You lived your life like a pig.
Yeah, I fell in the wind.
Saturday night.
It's all right for a cute game.
Not overnight, it's all time.
Yeah, I fell in the wind.
I guess that's why they call it the flu.
The camp's not the father's home.
Yeah, I fell in the wind.
The whole picture was now.
A lot of people don't know.
Of course, get it out of your system.
Make room for all that good stuff at the holidays.
Get ready for that Chanooka stuff.
What the hell do we eat on Hanukkah?
I have no idea.
How much can he eat?
No, it's basically a piece of the candy.
He's a piece of a lot.
I'll go ask one of the Jews we have running around.
Go ask them Jewel.
Go ask Gary Serner what they're eating on Hanukkah.
Anyway, what I just said before just regarded.
Okay.
No, I'm not going to go into a whole song to dance about that stuff.
It says, I'm not going to demean myself.
Okay, let's do it.
It's pointless.
I'm not going to do it.
10.32 and five.
Maybe I will later.
Here's the big news speaking of keeping your gut shut.
I see these phones are just smoking.
How were they yesterday for you?
Oh, just spectacular.
Were they?
No.
What do we mean by that?
A little week's time?
Whatever.
Same as always.
Same crap.
Same old crap.
Hey, listen Neil, you better start taking some calls because otherwise you're going to lose your audience.
Right.
You'll see they're going to be great.
Q.A.N. Hello.
Okay, there's one and here's another one.
Q.A.N. Hello.
Yes, welcome Neil.
Yeah?
How are you buddy?
Okay, sir.
Hey, the reason why you pass so much gas on an airplane is because of the pressurization.
When you actually take it off and you're pressurized aircraft all the air in your body seems to want to find the easiest way out.
The exit, yeah.
And also that the aircraft air is constantly being insurculated.
That's probably the reason why you don't smell parts.
Really?
Well, yeah, there's an outflow valve and the air is constantly being insurculated that fast.
I mean, let me face it.
Let me tell you.
But anyway, okay, thanks for the update pal.
Thanks for the update on the parts on the plane.
The board of health voted yesterday to make New York and I'm sure you're also the story.
I mean, everybody's making a big stimulus about it.
Yeah, but some carrotsimists will be good to go any other time.
I don't like carrotsimists.
I like a luxury cover like in Faso.
I love luxury.
Can't eat it though, it's all carbs.
By the way, did I mention on the IRR-20 off the air 188?
Did I say that?
That's great. 188.
That is great.
I've been on the aggravation diet for a couple days and man, you lose weight like crazy.
See, with me, if I get aggraved at IE, it's called aggravation eating, which a lot of fat people do and you get stressed out and you eat.
If I get aggraved at the point of like almost suicide, at that point I lose my appetite. I don't eat.
So anyway, that's been the deal.
The Board of Health voted Tuesday to make New York the first city in the nation to ban artificial trans fats at restaurants from the corner of Pizzeria to high end bakeries, to which I say,
Where are that trans fat, eh?
It's a killer.
The Board which trans-debaned by unanimous vote did give restaurants a slight break by relaxing what had been considered a tight deadline for compliance.
We don't want to be too tight.
Everybody likes tight, but not too tight.
Restaurants will be barred from using most frying oils, continue artificial trans fats by the first of July.
It will have to eliminate the artificial trans fats from all of its foods by July 1st, 2008.
Oh, we'll have to eliminate the artificial from July 1st, 2008.
So a lot of people will die in between, but hey, at least down the road, it's going to be a good thing.
Health Commissioner Thomas Frieden said recently that officials seriously wait complaints from the restaurant industry, which argue it was unrealistic if you have them six months to replace cooking oils and shortening.
Oh, there we go again with that shortening.
Mom is a little baby love shortening.
What was that?
Shuffle bread.
Oh, shortening bread and shoe fly pie.
And 18 months to face off the ingredients altogether.
The ban contains some exceptions.
For instance, the law restaurants and surfoods that come into manufacture is original packaging.
Trans fats are believed to be harmful because they contribute to heart disease by raising bad cholesterol and lowering good cholesterol at the same time.
Some experts say that makes trans fats worse than saturated fat.
And I would say that is...
That's so reasonably correct.
That is correct.
Worst and saturated fat.
Trans fats are formed when liquid oils are made into cell and fast by adding hydrogen in a process called hydrogenation.
A common example of this is partially hydrogenated vegetable oil, which is used for frying and baking.
Also turns up in processed foods like cookies, pizza dough and crackers.
Trans fats, which are favored because of their long shelf life, are also found in pre-made blends like pancake mix and hot chocolate mix.
Or is that hot chocolate like a rain egg in which they would say, chocolate.
The FDA estimates the average American eats 4.7 pounds of trans fats each year, whole, brother, oil, clog.
Mayor Michael Bloomberg, who banned smoking in bars and restaurants during his first term of somewhat health obsessed,
even maintains a monthly weight-loss competition with one of his friends in order to stay slim.
His dismissed cries in New York is crossing a line by trying to legislate diets.
Nobody wants to take away your french fries and hamburgers.
I love those things too, he said recently, but if you can make them with something that is less damaging to your health, we should do that.
Many food makers have stopped using trans fats on their own after the US FDA began requiring companies to list trans fat content on labels.
I am going to say what I was going to say before, but I'm going to revise the way I'm going to say it.
I'm just going to say this to you.
Okay, if you like, you know, you meet somebody like I'm one of our appearances.
You meet somebody like maybe a young lady and she's very attractive or whatever, and you become obsessed.
Even though you don't know where all that well or whatever it's on, and you can try to convince yourself.
See, and this is a confession admission that it never really dawned on me until I was sitting here this morning.
It never really struck me this way because we're all in the nod, you know.
We all have only the best of intentions, etc.
And you think, oh, I'd like to really get to know this person because she seems like a real sweetheart and a nice person.
I want to be a friend.
Well, the fact of the matter is you want to do the deed.
I mean, let's face it, right?
When you're 99 times out of 100, if you become enchanted with somebody, it's because I mean, don't kid yourself.
How many people would become enchanted with me, you know?
Or like some big fat ugly guy or some like the beast.
How many people are going to be enchanted with that, right?
So when you become no matter what you're trying to attribute your role and motivations or feelings to, the fact is you want it.
You know, you want it and you want it now.
I don't know, you claim that you don't, and you pretend it, but you do.
Yeah, why do that?
What is it?
I don't talk to women, I don't want to have sex with.
What would be the point of that?
That's a good point.
Well, I'm going to start looking at life differently from now on.
No, no, that's a good point.
I think that a lot of us would like to pretend that we have very altruistic motives and the fact of the matter is when we become involved with people, we want to do a man.
We want to like, you know, and it's called saving somebody, laying out of hands.
I mean, I've got the cards.
Isn't that what they call it, the church church, laying out of hands. Heels you.
That's right. In fact, maybe we could heal your act over whatever.
But anyway.
So I, that's a confession right here on the earth.
Is Senator wandering around off his buildings, clad only in his jammies, this story from the raw story.
It's pretty raw.
According to some staffers, the Republican Senator has been wandering around the senate office buildings in his pajamas.
We had a...
He takes his bags of days to observe your suarez in Miami when he was not kind of people's doors at two or three in the morning with his bathroom on.
You know, just listening votes.
Would you please vote for me for a mayor?
Would they say what kind of jammies they were if they were playing to him?
Would you just relax and don't be pushy on just because it's your birthday, you know?
Oh, you know me.
Here he goes again just because it's his birthday.
Pushy.
Yeah, I got the check.
Got the card.
Yeah, it's this kind of thing.
See, he got the check and it's his birthday.
Anyway, we had a number of reports provided that Senator Pete Dementici,
the Republican of New Mexico, was wandering the halls of the senate office buildings in his jammies,
Mary Ann Acres writes in his jammies.
Two staffers said they saw the senator wearing tartan or buffalo plaid pajama vise and a loose fitting shirt.
I was thinking they maybe like sponge bod jammies.
By the end of the day, one informant called us say she heard Dementici was walking around in his boxers.
But Dementici told Roll call to pajama vans were actually hunting pants.
What are we talking about walking the halls?
I work, he said, the 74 year old Dementici said,
sounding a bit indignant that folks would assume his lightweight wool plaid pants were pajamas.
These pants have two pockets like anyone else.
He explained he wears the hunting pants around the house and if he leaves the early office,
I don't necessarily take them off.
They're comfy and they're funny.
He said, people stop me to talk about them.
They're Christmassy, they're black and white.
What's Christmassy about black and white?
I thought I'd be in red would be Christmassy, not black and white.
I got jammies that have pockets in them.
Well, you know, something I can't blame the old coup, you know.
It's a tough world we live in, man.
It's a tough neurotic world.
We got all these issues and all these things and all this grief and sorrows to deal with.
20 be frank, I have no idea what that means.
We got a thousand fifteen votes on the poll.
How do you like them, apples?
Maybe this is going to be a very popular poll.
You'll see.
Mark my words.
Don't forget to change the poll later on whenever the mood strikes you.
Okay, five.
Who's your favorite choice for president in 2008?
I realize it's a long ways away, unfortunately.
And believe you me, just like Bush 41,
there was crying over his fat ass governor's son.
When we think of the other son, we cry a lot.
Most of us.
Your favorite choice for president in 2008?
Barack Obama's got 288, Al Gore 277, the 11th.
This is tighter than a witches' hang nail.
Whatever that means.
Hillary Clinton only won 24.
She's weak.
They all suck 120.
Rudy Giuliani, 77, John McCain, 57, John Kerry, 21, scary.
Jeb Bush, your fat ass governor 19.
They love him.
I don't know why.
Maybe it's because of that good family of his.
Wesley Clark 16, I hate this poll.
Only 7, 0.6% George Pataki 7, Evan Bye from Indiana.
Has got four.
Anybody know Evan Bye?
No.
Bye Evan.
19, before 11, don't forget we got Curtis for the mad dog or two this afternoon.
I just mentioned that just because it's on the schedule.
Now I'm assuming it's on the schedule of Sacri, but it might not be.
His parents like to play with our emotions, you know.
A lot of people like to play with your emotions.
I join your honey.
Well, like you, like it very much.
As here is the king.
I don't have him in Iran for a while, but I want you all to know that up here in Rock and Roll, Evan.
I'll be thinking of you, this Christmas.
And I have to give you all a special Christmas message.
A message of peace.
Like how about a little piece of that pie going by.
Thank you.
I got one.
A lot of old friends.
Christmas is a time of hoot.
Time of joy.
A time of eleven.
And I sure would love it.
Take slides of that teacher you got there.
Like it.
What was that?
No, we're all right.
Oh yeah, Christmas.
The Christmas to me means family.
Family means friends.
The friends means getting together.
And getting together means eating.
I'll pass you that term and take which place.
I'll just go straight to you right now.
You know, I may be a big star.
Maybe too big.
But ain't nobody so big.
You can't reach out a helping hand.
A helping hand.
Or would you hand me a helping of those mydators over there.
Which I believe.
Like it.
Like I am.
Now like I was trying to.
Ain't nobody so big.
You can't stoop to help a friend of me over the holiday season.
I was speaking of season.
You won't pass me that self-stagger when you get the chance.
Like it.
Yeah, just just those screaming color that's right.
Like you fuck around with it.
So this Christmas, why don't y'all take a tip from old A.O.S.
Now now, leave those steak tip right where they are.
You know what I mean?
No, I appreciate it.
I want you to remember, we're all part of God's very big family.
And you know God made man into his own image.
And look at the mirror.
I'd have to say God must be a big, big center of the gun.
You know what I mean?
I like it here.
But I especially want y'all to remember this one last thing.
You know all that whomever is Christmas, stringing that popcorn up on the tree.
Save a big, big bowl for the king.
Extra butter, you know what I mean?
I like it here.
Fuck it.
Fuck it.
Thank you for the 8th news.
The government requested it in the three roundabout way.
You know, gonna be playing at it?
There it is.
When that nice of me, yeah, I'm a really wonderful guy.
Just ask me, I'll tell ya.
Wait till you hear this story.
You may fall off the edge of your seats.
Both of you.
Alright, let me strap myself in.
Oh.
Alright.
Columbia, South Carolina.
We have to consider the source.
You know where this tastes like.
Some strange things happen.
Nothing to be fired of, and they get out of Carolina.
Know it well.
A fed up mother had her 12 year old son arrested for allegedly rummaging through his great-grandmother's
things and playing with his Christmas present early.
Past.
I'm gonna read that sentence again, because it is so-
Oh, only what all kids do.
Un-illatable.
A fed up mother.
She was fed up.
She had enough.
Okay.
A fed up mother had her 12 year old son arrested for allegedly rummaging through his great-grandmother's
things and playing with his Christmas present early.
The mother called Pouwies Sunday after learning her son and his son's disdivated orders and
repeatedly taken a game boy or reportedly that should say, but it says repeatedly, taken
a game boy from its hiding place in his great-grandmother's house and played it.
He was playing with it.
He was arrested on petty larceny charges, taken to the Pouwies' hand, Celfson held until
his mother picked him up after church.
My grandmother went out of her way to lay away a toy and paid on this thing for months,
said the boy's mother, Brandy Irvin.
I wonder if she's kind of Frank Irvin who used to drive bread-hand over.
Did?
Frank Irvin did.
It was only to teach my son a lesson, uh, uh, uh, this is chopped off.
He's been going through like doing things again, with the police didn't release the boy's name.
The mother said that his son was found in the last year to have a tension deficit hyperactivity disorder,
but that his medicine doesn't seem to help.
Oh yeah, so I'm sure having a rest of the daughter helped.
That ought to straighten that poor kid out.
I think they ought to take the mother and just pour us with that bitch.
But anyway, she said he faces an expulsion hearing in the school Wednesday.
Rock Hill police, uh, Sergeant Mark Bollinger said the boy took a swing in the police officer
to find out something last month.
School.
He's been suspended from school since then.
This kid's got some problems, including your crazy mother.
The boy's case will be presented to the Department of Ju and Audences officials
who will decide what happens to him, Bollinger said his mother hopes that the tenting
and program will finally scare him straight.
It's not even about the Christmas presents he said only want positive things for him.
There's no need for him to act this way.
I'd rather call myself than somebody else, uh, before he does something worse than this.
I do like that.
Take away your handcuffs for saving his game boy.
Uh-huh.
Earlier a few days early before Christmas.
What was the season of kindness and love and holiday cheer and goodwill?
Right.
Goodwill towards the end.
Oh, yeah.
You know no question about it.
Look at that phone, man.
These phone calls are fantastic.
All that request was really appropriate.
It was great.
Taco Bell today ordered the removal of green onions.
Oh, no.
You know exactly what you're thinking about.
Uh-huh.
And now the League of Realtors citizens will promote their rendition of green onions.
But anyway, well, I'm telling you, man, you got trans fats over here and green onions over there.
And, uh, E. coli over here.
Taco Bell today ordered the removal of green onions from its 5,800 restaurants nationwide.
And that pisses me off because I do like green onions.
After saffles appeared to have a harsh strain of E.
Coli.
Great.
The Irvine California based company whose restaurants were linked to a recent outbreak of E. coli in three states said preliminary testing went independent lab found positive results for the strain.
They're straining over here.
And the abundance of caution we've decided to pull all green onions from our restaurant until we know conclusively whether the cause of the E. coli outbreak, Greg Creed.
Taco Bell is a fragrance in the statement.
Not Greg Reed.
Greg Creed.
Wow.
Far from it, it fasts.
We Greg Reed.
That's something.
I'm not here to do something, you know.
Greg H. you.
Besides, you know what they're planning to bring it to me as a good par in 96.
Now, who was at the party on Monday?
Yes, he was.
And?
And what?
Well, I mean, what happened?
Did you have like some verbal intercourse?
I said hi and I think he said hi back.
I was generally in that order.
Oh, I think we waved at each other. I'm not sure.
I also have the official 7 been able to pinpoint the source of the bacteria that's sticking at least 3,000 people in New York, New Jersey and Pennsylvania.
Nine people may have hospitalized in New York and New Jersey, including an 11-year-old boy in stable condition with kidney damage.
Isn't that three?
He's got kidney damage because he ate at Taco Bell.
I love Taco Bell myself.
I like it a lot.
If they take away them chunked green onions, well, I'm going to be p-peoed.
B-peoed.
1048 votes on this poll.
This is a tense one today.
It's the thing we got a battle going on here.
Who's your favorite choice for present in 2008?
Barack Obama 294.
Al Gore 285.
So the margin is back to...
Yeah.
Wow.
How do you like that?
Can you believe it's that tight?
I believe it.
They like Al Gore a lot.
In fact, they elected him in 2000. He just never got a chance to serve.
Well, I'll be honest.
They all suck 128.
They may have a point.
Hillary Clinton weighed down to 127.
She's got like half and less than half of what the other two guys got.
Rudy Giuliani 79.
John McCain 59.
John Kerry 21.
Jeb Bush.
Oh, I'm going to fart.
Jeb Bush 20.
I did.
Wesley Clark 18 and there's no charcoal in my cheer.
Strike a match.
George Potacchi 8.
I hate this poll.
Only 7.6% hate to pull Evan Bies still stuck there on four.
Those are the four people who know who he is because they're from Indiana.
What a horrible place that is.
Indiana.
I told you I lived in Howe, Indiana.
Long ago.
1966.
Before a lot of you people were even born before you went to embryo, before you were even
an idea.
And after thought.
A little bit of slime before anything.
1966.
That's 40 years ago.
I was working at WSTR in Sturgis, Michigan.
I don't want to tell you about the clam chowder again.
We'll get my appetite going.
I don't need to do that.
And of course today being word by Wednesday, that means with all likely I got a real good
shout out like 187 or less tomorrow because I've eaten very little on Wednesdays.
I had my bacon this morning as you heard.
They chomp it on it.
Mm-hmm.
I feel like I've been born again here.
And I owe it all to myself.
It was only my own honesty and my reflection on my own life.
In fact, I should play that by Marmalade.
Reflections are very sad.
It's a suicide inducing song.
I don't want to do that.
It's depressing.
But it's true.
If you want to get to know somebody else really, really well.
You know, you're playing in your own mind.
You think you've got all the altruistic.
It's because you want to do them.
The loosey only.
That's it.
That's it.
Well, I've got, no, but it's not necessarily true.
Although there's a first time for everything.
Sure.
There you go.
It's depression time.
Oh.
Kill yourself.
I'd like to raise your voice.
This is Marmalade, by the way.
In fact, spread a little bit about your toast this morning.
Sounds like this.
Stick it down your gut.
It's a little bit depressing.
You just want to pry your eyes out and get a gun and blow.
If not your own brains out, somebody else's.
It's just a very depressing song.
But anyway, what they'll let me into that.
Reflections.
Oh, yeah.
No, but it's true.
It's just, you know, you convince yourself.
Although, in my case, you know, I've got some good friends.
Very good ones.
Some of whom you don't like.
And nevertheless, I didn't start that.
Now, when you stop, when you just stop, and I, you know, have no interest in that kind
of thing with any of those people, it's just, you know, that's probably the end of that.
From now on, the rest of my life, anybody I take any kind of interest in.
I would ask them.
Yeah, it's like they even if I deny it.
But it's good to know that there are some people perceptive enough to realize that,
in spite of all the analysis.
Hey, see ya.
And that's a good thing.
Good thing, and good thing is we've heard.
Anyway, do I have time for the night on?
I got Maureen Dowd.
Good gracious, the truth, she says.
He's always good.
You know Maureen the Queen?
Yes.
And obviously, based on the calls so far, and of course, the good excuse would be that it's
a holiday season.
Isn't that a good excuse?
And of course, even when it's not a holiday season, the call sucks anyway.
But we'll always find some other good excuse to cover up for these people in their inability
to have any kind of a coherent conversation.
A thousand sixty-three votes on the pool.
And look at this Al Gore, and he's closing that gap, baby.
He is closing the gap here.
Open up his lock box and found three more votes.
297-291, Solomon Thais, Chase.
The Vase name, so you may have a talent, but the face is Neil Roger.
This is the Neil Roger.
Shut up.
This is your brain.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Any questions?
Finally, after using the greatest hopes played on the American public for over 20 years,
two three two is that.
The true identity of Borat is revealed.
You may think it's Borat.
Oh, no, it's not.
He's because of the Borat in the name I did.
But it's another than Andy Kaufman.
Thank you very much.
Andy Kaufman did not die.
Hi, this is Andy Kaufman.
Yes, it's true.
I've picked my own death to live in seclusion.
I felt it was the only way I could develop a fresh new idea like Borat.
Now that I finally have a head, I'll start work on a sequel to my first film.
I'm in a way, but that's not you, huh?
It's not you.
What do you mean that's not me?
How do I put this?
Andy, that's someone else doing your lack of gravity.
It is?
Yeah.
Well, I'm just going to have to sue of that, so.
You can't sue one.
Why not?
Officially, you're dead.
Oh, yeah.
What am I going to do?
Well, I had this a cab cop and he loved a part of mechanics.
Thank you very much.
That's not great.
Nice.
What are you going to send me that?
What are you going to send me that?
What the Borat movie?
No, the nice, not the movie.
Oh, I dropped.
Nice.
Yeah, that's what I need.
They're pretty well with sound like it's sound like it's coming through where you are.
It does.
I'm not happy with that copy.
Wow, I wouldn't be very happy with it.
It sounds like cramp.
I need some good versions of those things.
I need some good versions, man.
That's what the whole world needs.
That's what the Ashmatte had say the right hand.
We need some good versions.
We've got some good for it.
If you want to look on your on the homepage.
Oh, yeah, there's a little link.
It's kind of subtle.
Doing it on the air would be good.
Especially if the George is anyone.
No, just keep going.
Neil Elfing yourself.
Yeah, that's a little treat for the whole audience for the holidays.
Neil Elfing himself with those things.
Yeah, it's a little present from you.
It's loading to everyone, yeah.
It's loading very rapidly there, too.
Okay, here we go.
Loading photo.
Boy, this thing is long and convoluted.
I could have read the whole green dog column before this thing finds loading the photo, baby.
It's loading over here.
How long does this take to load?
An hour.
Just wait for it.
Oh, put this together for you.
What?
I put this together for you.
Oh, you put it together.
Yeah.
Well, I sure hope it's better than the length of time that it takes to unload here.
You know how it is?
Some people take an awful long time to load.
Oh.
I'm waiting.
I'm waiting.
I'm waiting.
I thought we had this little connection.
Oh, here we go.
It's kind of the new connection.
Oh, there are.
All right.
That is a beautiful thing.
That is the best.
Woo!
It was well worth the waiting for her.
I watched it twice.
That must be after I lost all the rest of the weight I need.
I'm waiting for her.
188.
That's pretty good.
You realize if I lost 28 more pounds, I'd be spilled.
I'd look just like Brady Quinn.
By the way, I got Brady Quinn back in my wall paper again.
Come back to my senses.
I'm trying to get my life back in order again.
That's a beautiful, how long does that go on?
Oh, there it is.
Watch it again.
Beautiful thing.
Well done, Josh.
Josh, cordless ladies and gentlemen.
Wow!
Not standing, effing, I mean, alphanetic performance.
By me.
Marine Dow says, goodness gracious, the truth.
First junior took over the house with grandiose plans to be modeled and make the envy of the
envy of the neighborhood.
But then he played with matches and set the house on fire.
Maybe somebody farted.
So now he's frantically trying to stop the flames from torching the whole block.
The Bush administration is going from a breathless plan to change the Middle East away, breathless
plan to preserve it from democracy promotion to conflagration avoidance.
That was the cold shower offered yesterday by Robert Gates, the former CIA chief on his
way to be being unanimously endorsed as new defense secretary by a Senate panel craving
a cold shower.
He told the Armed Services Committee, peppered with wannabe future presidents that the
American occupation could lead to a Baghdad as hostilist he ran and set off a regional
conflagration if Iraq isn't definitely handled in the next couple of years.
We have to handle it definitely in Iraq too.
Handle it carefully.
With love.
Mr. Gates has stated that if America left Iraq and chaos, Iran and Syria could encroach
more and Turkey and Saudi Arabia might jump into the stop the ethnic cleansing of Sunnis
by Shiites.
While already seeing his beloved and training fighters for Iraq, he said, I think all of
that could spread fairly dramatically.
It was the sort of realistic assessment that never came from a mummy except when he
privately admitted in a classified November 6th memo that the Iraq strategy wasn't working
well enough or fast enough offered a silly, hard product of wildly tardy or dubious
options like telling the Iraqis to pull up their socks.
Drop your **** and pull up your socks.
It was showing to see in print that the man who spent nearly four years overseeing the
word didn't have any idea what to do in Iraq, his basic plan was not so much to fix the
problem as low-rack expectations.
The memo reported by Michael Gordon in the Times on Sunday offered the following lane-brain
prescription to manage perception.
Announced that whatever to approach the U.S. decides on, the U.S. is doing so on a
trial basis.
This will give us the ability to readjust and move to another course if necessary and
therefore not to lose.
And this.
Recast the U.S. military mission and U.S. goals how we talk about them, go minimalist.
So with the Pentagon deciding whether they go big or longer, go home, Rummy urged the White
House to go minimalist and simply streamline the spin.
Junior Turkey advised to manage perceptions by minimizing Rummy two days after he sent
the memo.
The walls that closed in on W, he could no longer minimize the war which was escalating
or the perception that it was not going well which has spread into Republican ranks.
Even General Peter Pace, yes, man that he has acknowledged on Monday, we're not winning
but we're not losing.
Peter Pace.
The old criticism of what the Mr. Gates massaged intelligence were forgotten, the senators
would have embraced an axe murder if he seemed sensible about Iraq.
There was no blathering yesterday about known unknowns or any penny pessimists, the soft
spoken vinyl of vanilla Mr. Gates offered a sharp contrast from the finger-wragging
flavorful Rummy.
And a remarkable shift from the mindless Bill Acocity in Jinglewood in the last few years,
Mr. Gates said he did not favor military action against the Randolph Syria.
Even though he was a member of the Iraq study group Mr. Gates considered that there would
be no silver bullet, it's my impression frankly, there were no new ideas on Iraq he said.
Asped by old Fuddy Dutty Bobby Bird who was responsible for 9-11 Saddamor or Osama,
Mr. Gates didn't try to fudge.
Osama bin Laden Senator he replied as to who he's represented the greater threat to
the U.S. he replied, Osama bin Laden.
W insisted the Fox News is a great human Monday that his objective hadn't been changed
and that we are going to succeed in Iraq.
Asped by Carl 11 if America was winning the war in Iraq, Mr. Gates answered, no sir.
After lunch the nominee clarified as a marks saying he hadn't meant to criticize the troops
that the reversals in Iraq weren't there fault.
They don't lose battles in Iraq because there are no battles.
There just is a counterinsurgency that they can't see and they weren't prepared for
or equipped to fight it.
Gates friends from old Bush 41 gang, remember old Bush 41?
Yeah.
That guy.
Have been watching closely to see a 43 brought the old Washington Hand back for cosmetics
reasons as one put it.
Simply to try to change the perception that W has been stubborn and deaf on Iraq or
what the 43 will really give his new defense chief the parameters he needs to make real
changes in strategy.
Will he let him go maximalist?
Ask Maureen McQueen, Maureen down near Times today and then cost you penny.
That was really something we've just shown it only what about 600 times Keith Oberman
showed the whole thing last night the whole speech with Bush 41.
That was I can't even describe it.
Yeah, I'm sure everybody is thinking about it.
Just blowing like a baby.
Oh, it's the important jab.
And of course, Jeff had to come up and put his arm around daddy and try to calm the
old cout down.
Oh my God.
What a bunch of grave robbers, a bunch of gypsy camps and thieves.
A family of filth.
1093.
What's your favorite who's your favorite transfer president 2008 Barack Obama 303 Al Gore
294 is the margin contingency.
Yeah, wow.
This is one of the best battles we've had on here in a long time.
You know, everybody Clinton won 36.
They all suck 135.
Rudy Giuliani 81 John McCain 61.
You know, Gore might as well be president.
How ready one one election might as well give him a shot.
You know, with without the lock box.
Giuliani 81 McCain 61 John Kerry.
It's way down to him 23.
He don't do well in these.
Wesley Clark 20 if you'll just quit eating all that damn dilly.
Jeff Bush 20.
That's your fat ass governor.
I hate this poll only 8.7%.
George Pataki 8 and Evan Bysol meant take quite to only four.
Why sure takes some really good calls if we have five six seven oh five 60 pound five
60 leave arrives and see your right.
I wouldn't be good idea to take a whole bunch of really good call.
Yeah.
What do they start from the one month is that going to be?
WDQ I am hello.
Yeah, Neil you were talking.
Yeah.
Was that a quick fade was it just a quick fade?
Oh, that's a quick fade guy.
Oh, that's going WDQ I am hello.
There are mother.
Far off in the plane.
All right.
Okay, that's our calls for this hour.
I guess.
We want the calls back me we want those callers.
Remember on Monday and we can go Monday not this past Monday but last Monday when we
started back with the calls all the ladies that were calling in remember that.
Yeah, what happened to that?
Well, that was it.
That was our that was our whole lady audience called in that day.
Which is very nice to them but that was it.
That's all we got.
WDQ I am hello.
Happy birthday, Fred.
WDQ I am hello.
That's not my birthday Q.A.
I am hello.
Hi, Neil.
I love you George.
Happy birthday George.
We're going to give you a blowjob for your birthday.
Thank you.
Okay.
Like I said, let's get the ladies calling in.
Wow.
I mean, it was a very generous offer but I had to, you know, went in doubt, bleep it out.
What do I go to collect that?
Thousand nine.
Maybe she'll call back giving the address.
Thousand ninety six votes on the poll.
We got a shot at eight million today but because this is hot stuff, even though it's only
two thousand six but people like doing this all the time.
Yeah, when it after the first lessons over like in 2004, the next day they start talking
about, well, who do you think is going to be in 2008?
It's just it's like a hobby.
Fun for the people mind it.
I was speaking to people minded.
There's Jimmy Baker.
And Hens cereal.
What a croquia is, man.
What a, what a real card carrying Nazi son of a bitch.
He is James Baker the turd with his Iraq study group study my ass.
Okay.
If you got like a lot of time on your hands, study my ass.
WQ I am hello.
Chris, well, this is your superstar.
WQ I am hello.
Hey, Neil.
I think you're really gay.
Yeah.
Well, isn't that time of year supposed to be happy and gay?
That's right.
Right.
Song said Jolly and happy and gay.
That's what the old song says.
WQ I am hello.
Yes.
That's it.
You want to follow up?
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
Follow up from last week which respected Georgia's inability to participate in the show.
You were alluding the fact that he was being, I guess a little standoffish and kind of
exhibiting characteristics of being burnt out from the job.
Just speak to him about that.
Yeah, we had a lot of conversation about this call and we said, oh my god.
Just like that.
That's the essence of our conversation and kind of like, just like that.
Let me know three on a poll.
All right.
Oh, maybe that's the guy who is going to help me change my wardrobe.
The biggest name.
The best talent in the business.
Neil Rogers.
Go ahead, son.
You're the president now.
Come on, come on, sing.
Keep up, man.
My favorite song.
Oh, first day in Christmas.
Oh, my dad gave to me an American presidency.
On the third day in Christmas.
What about it?
One gosh darned.
But he won't.
You're not counting.
The day is right.
It's my understanding that there are 12 days of Christmas.
And you have counted only the second day which has every right to be there.
So right.
I'm George Bush, right?
I suggest that you recount from the task.
Follow along with me.
Okay.
On the 12th day of Christmas.
Wisconsin gave to me 11 electoral votes.
On the 10th day of Christmas.
Now you skipped 11.
But you said 11.
Now that was only a preposition to a numerical phrase.
Now start again.
Um, on the fifth day Christmas.
That again to me.
That's it.
You can have them American.
I'm out of here.
Now what about you, Papa?
You know, we got them.
And the woe is to us as somebody would say.
Remember he said that?
How would be a woe is to us?
That was just before the end of Christmas.
Like a little child.
All because they said nasty things about his little jabby during the 94 election floor.
That was just, I can't believe it.
He must be over the edge.
W, you know, I mean,
each, whatever thing.
Gone.
Now this is very strange, especially just saying maybe it's very interesting.
But it says, I know you're done with the bedtime stories,
but I thought you may find this of interest and happy birthday, George.
Who says I'm done with the bedtime stories?
Yes, seriously.
What is this man talking about?
This is from a, is that say,
G.U. Dave or G.B. Dave or Dave or whatever he is?
Dave.
Yeah.
It says on August 22nd, 2002, the Associated Press ran a story about 9-11.
Agency planned drill for plane crash last September 11th,
and the director said one intelligence agency in our own actual reconnaissance office
was planning an exercise last 9-11 in which an air aircraft crashed into one of its buildings.
The same morning as the 9-11 attacks.
According to NRO, the exercise was canceled when the real thing began.
Barbara Hanager, who worked in the White House under Reagan,
points out another coincidence.
Just a coincidence, you understand?
Researching press reports, he found a 9-16-01 Washington poster about the pilot
of AA flight 77 that on the morning of 9-11 was to have said to have crashed in the Pentagon.
The pilot Charles Burling, an F-4 Navy flyer, had his last Navy mission
help craft Pentagon response plans and the event of a commercial airliner hitting the Pentagon.
Did you hear that?
Did you follow the bouncing ball?
I did.
How do you like that?
On 9-16-01, a story about the pilot of American Airlines flight 77 that on the morning of 9-11
was said to have crashed into the Pentagon.
The pilot Charles Burling, an F-4 Navy flyer, had his last Navy mission
help craft Pentagon response plans and the event of a commercial airliner hit the Pentagon.
Wow.
Must be just another one of those African coincidences.
Come on one more time.
Thank you.
And, oh, is this from the same guy?
Yeah, there's more to it, but I'll just let you the first page.
Woo!
And then there's more to Icing.
Five years after her father's plane crashed into the Pentagon in the 9-11 Territories of Texas,
the woman was found dead yesterday in a fire at the Galaxy Tower's apartment in the Gutenberg, New Jersey.
Wow.
Maybe the fire grew to the building.
I got it.
The woman Wendy Burling in 32 is discovered by firefighters in a short hallway
between the kitchen and the bedroom of her 10th floor apartment where the four alarm fire began,
said Edward DeFazio, the Hudson County prosecutor.
Mr. DeFazio, I wonder if he was related to Buzz Fazio, the old Ebola from championship bowling
with Fred Wolfe in the 1900s.
Mr. DeFazio said the fireworks law enforcement officials are calling suspicious,
began shortly after midnight in the apartment.
Mrs. Burling shared with her companion.
Oh.
With her companion.
Oh, I got a great idea.
You won't believe the next one.
I'm sure I won anyway.
She had with her companion.
I was still under investigation as was the cause of Mrs. Burling's death.
No one else was injured in the fire.
Mr. DeFazio said she was sharing with her companion.
You're fairing.
Mrs. Burling was the daughter of Charles Burling in the Turret, a 25-year-old Navy veteran
who was the captain of American Airlines Flight 77, which slammed allegedly into the Pentagon on 9-11,189 people.
Mr. DeFazio said her companion in three years was among several people being interviewed in connection with her death.
He wouldn't identify the companion, but tenants in the complex identified him as Kevin Roderick.
Oh, excuse me for her companion.
When you assume that when it says companion would be like a...
She's not a member of the heterosexual person.
Right, but it's a guy.
Kevin, whatever.
What do we think?
Sebastian Rojas, 27, lives downstairs from Mr. Roderick.
He said that while he didn't know Mr. Roderick and Mrs. Burlingam well,
there were real late night people whose footsteps and two dogs he heard constantly about his head.
The two dogs were also found in the home. Well, that's the bad part.
Shortly before the fire erupted, Mr. Rojas said there were louder noises than usual coming from the Department of Stress,
like somebody running around up there, like somebody doing things up there in a rush.
Then he said he heard a thud, like somebody dropped something in three, and there's another page where he'd instead of to me.
Oh, and three? What?
Coming out of you.
Well, I mean...
Or four minutes?
Okay, I'll give the poll results.
We'll pick it up right there in three, because it's very mysterious, man.
Very, very mysterious.
I was just going to play that.
I was going to either play that or...
Oh, that brutal.
1139 votes.
If you didn't see a George Humber Walker bush crying like a balling like a baby, like a pectoral and child yesterday,
you're really...
But it'll be on 100 times more.
1139, who's your favorite choice for president in 2008?
Barack Obama...
Oh, my God, this thing is better than a...
Which is bud.
Woo!
Can you believe it?
I believe it.
Barack Obama 312, Al Gore 309.
A difference of Solomon Tate Trace...
Three.
They all suck 143.
Hillary Clinton only 141.
She's got less than half of either those two glam.
Rudy Giuliani in 84.
John McCain in 63.
Wesley Clark, no matter how much Delaheeds, he ain't doing too good.
23.
Have another Ruben sandwich, Wes.
Couldn't hurt.
John Kerry 23.
Jeb Bush, your fat ass governor still has only a 20.
Solomon Tate Venti.
George Potacki, guess how many George Potacki they are going to New York Scott?
Yeah.
Good guess.
I hate this poll only 8.0.6%.
Boy, this is one they really can grab onto.
And there's nothing like having something good to grab onto.
And even by only 4 out of 1143 votes.
It's been amazing here.
I'm an old fart.
I'm 64 years old and finally today, after all of these years, I finally made a confession to myself.
I finally admitted to myself what life is really all about, you know?
As opposed to thinking what a great wonderful guy.
Well, I am, but I mean, we said it.
Anyway, then he heard a thought like somebody dropped something in three or four minutes later
that building's fire alarm was sounded.
Just like when you're always hearing in here when they run these stupid fire tests.
Like that.
Yeah, like that.
Mr. Rojas said that within minutes his apartment filled with smoke.
Well, maybe somebody farted up there.
You think there was a?
Hope they didn't match.
Yeah, that was what happened.
Then he safely left the building.
Lucy Jell, who works at the buildings for a death, said that Mrs. Burling Game was a kind generous woman with model good looks.
She had her Miss Burling Game.
It brought her down to play the turkey and mashed the taters on Thanksgiving, saying that Mr. Roderick was out.
Her, what was the word again?
Her partner.
Deborah A Burling.
Deborah A Burling Game.
Miss Burling Game's aunt.
Well, I want to people say that.
That's so British man.
So stupid.
Her aunt was reached at home last night before she even knew her niece's death.
She birthed her tears on the phone and wouldn't come in further.
Miss Burling, you know, that's one thing about me.
I don't know what it is, but I just, I had a tear in my eye at that 10-can of the biography thing.
But other than I'm just not a cryer, you know, for an old fact, I just don't cry.
Even when I get depressed inside chronic, I just, I'm not married.
I think the last time I really cried was when I had to put my dog to sleep.
You know, the golden-leaf people winning, I had to put him to sleep and I cried.
That's not a minute.
Is that, you know?
She birthed him to that's bad.
I shouldn't say that.
I cried in my, all like a baby for about 40 seconds.
She birthed tears on the phone and wouldn't come in further.
Miss Burling Game's mother Nancy perfect.
Well, what was with these names?
Is Nancy perfect?
Oh, yeah.
Apparently.
It was also between my ex-night, so you two could find and discuss her daughter's death.
Is Nancy perfect?
And I would say, probably not.
I don't know anybody who is no matter how good they look.
I'll be honest with you.
My good close friend in Burling.
See, that's a good thing, man.
Now, about old, promiscuous fags, perverts like me, you know?
What?
There is nothing in the world better.
I want to say there is nothing better.
I mean, because the audience is going to get all better.
Oh, true love.
You just do it on your stage.
Okay, what did you say?
What the hell is that?
How long has that lasted?
About three, four minutes?
Good promiscuous sex with some real hot number, whatever, whatever ride you like.
And then that's it, you know?
Wow.
Let me say it again.
Wow.
But anyway.
And of course there's no, you know, and I may not even say no,
but I'm not going to say no.
I'm not going to say no.
I'm not going to say no.
I'm not going to say no.
I'm not going to say no.
I'm not going to say no.
I'm not going to say no.
I'm not going to say no.
I'm not going to say no.
I'm not going to say no.
I'm not going to say no.
I'm not going to say no.
I'm not going to say no.
I'm not going to say no.
I'm not going to say no.
I'm not going to say no.
I'm not going to say no.
I'm not going to say no.
I could see him at the Christmas party Monday night, man.
He must have been boozing and losing, man.
It's open, but he had one of the good times.
It's open, but he had one of the good times.
It's open, but he had one of the good times.
It's open, but he had one of the good times.
It's open, but he had one of the good times.
It's open, but he had one of the good times.
It's open, but he had one of the good times.
It's open, but he had one of the good times.
It's open, but he had one of the good times.
It's open, but he had one of the good times.
I mean, that was it.
Oh, come on.
I mean, this was personal, not business.
You know?
Right.
It's fun. The Christmas party is for fun.
Not for business.
It was there for schmoozing and boozing and a good time.
And, you know, that's right.
Lots of clue you and said.
You're thinking it's very personal.
That's right.
Like somebody else I know.
No, that's how I take things, man.
Really personal, man.
Just right to the gut.
27 after, and then I forget about it and I go on with my life.
Like today is Woodbine Wednesday.
You know what I mean?
One thing about me.
Mark it down on your wrist.
I'm a resilient person.
You know, I'm a survivor.
I'm a survivor.
I'm a survivor.
I'm a survivor.
Do you realize March 1 is not that far away?
It'll be 31 years.
I mean, it's not even 31st anniversary.
But nevertheless, if asking Robbins can have 31 flavors,
I can have 31 years.
Yeah.
Of course, I make it that long.
If I don't go to the edge of my balcony,
you know, I wouldn't go to the edge of my balcony and jump.
Not because I'm on a higher floor, which I am.
But because it's cold and there's a little bit of snow off.
Oh, yeah. That idea.
That's not my idea of the way I want to go.
He's going to pop the balcony window.
He's like, when it's free.
You got to put your coat on.
You know, at the center.
That's not good.
You're not going to think about that.
It'll be a great publicated.
Hopefully, in the Banana Republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
As your sexual performance been bringing you down.
Looking for a way to enhance yourself
without the negative side effects of Iagra-like drugs.
Well, now there's a safe new method
for any die-hard sports fan.
And hands your sex life with the Brady Quinn's Green Saver.
Yes, it's a glistening, gleaming, whole-color picture
of Brady Quinn, glad in a big cut-noted injury.
Turn your monitor upside down, and his jersey magically comes off.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
It will throw in screen savers of Anthony Quinn, Arthur Quinn,
Manfred Mann, and Quinn Martin.
Oh, 1-800.
Oh, no.
11-33-27 before noon at 5-16.
You know who I just found on my space page.
And I am looking at it again because I need to parry.
Yeah, there's some interesting stuff on it.
Sure.
Keeping touch.
I need to look a little bit beyond
your close personal friend, Jacob.
But at any rate, here is KJ's wife.
Yes.
Genie.
Yes.
And you must know Genie.
Sure.
Not as well as I like to, but yes, she is.
She's a sweetheart.
Yes, she is.
And she's got ample movies.
Yes, she does.
Wow.
Always look kind of bright-starred-life.
And it's a nice page by the way.
Very fancy, fancy, and colorful.
And, wow.
Yes, it is.
She's a pig.
She's like that.
How do I like him ever?
A nailer chick like that.
I mean, you know, I wind up with her.
It's one of the mysteries of life.
Whoo!
Even heavy, heavy duty, man.
Yeah.
1167 votes on the pool.
And lookie here, man.
Lookie here.
We've got a change in the leadership.
Oh!
Favorite choice for president in the 2008 Al Gore has moved three votes ahead of Barack Obama.
320 to 317, old bean.
Are you impressed or what?
Holy crap, rat man.
You're not impressed at anything.
You are the least...
No wonder your wife hates you like boys.
I'm not very good at everybody else.
No.
But it's your just birthday, okay?
Yeah, right.
How old are you today?
42.
Oh, I was going to play the thing.
I better take it back.
42.
That's an old man.
Of course, I'm 64.
I'm not going to be your daddy.
Anything over 30 is irrelevant.
Yeah, no, I wouldn't say that.
In most cases, yes, but not necessarily.
See, there goes back with that again.
See, there's some things that you need to have a lobotomy that you can't program out of your mind.
You know, when you're like smitten with certain things, people, places, objects, body parts, whatever it is.
Who is your favorite choice?
Al Gore 320, Barack Obama 317.
Maybe when I read this, I shouldn't even read the other ones, huh?
No, I guess Hillary.
They all suck 146 and Hillary 144.
Emeralds you, Julianne 89, and John McCain 63.
After that, it's like, you know, a deli sandwich guy.
It's not my...
Now, wait till you hear this.
This is one of the audience.
I want to warn you.
If you're driving, you might want to pull over to the side of the road.
It's another immaculate contraception.
Oh, my God.
You already know about it.
You do know about it?
I...
Yeah, just this morning.
No.
Mary Cheney, the openly gay daughter of Vice President Dick Cheney and his wife Lynn, is pregnant according to her callus report.
It's an immaculate contraception, baby.
It's a miracle.
It's an act of...
Oh, God!
Oh, God forbid.
What a thought.
Mary Cheney 37, and her partner 15 years, Heather Poe.
Why wonder she's kin and brown?
She's 45, her partner.
Our ecstatic about the baby doing late spring.
The Washington Post reported in today's edition's quoting,
Unnamed Source, close to the couple.
The Vice President's older, older daughter, Elizabeth Cheney, is on leave his deputy assistant of secretary of state after having her fifth child with her husband in July.
What would her husband as usually the way it works?
Or with some guy?
There was no formal announcement of either daughter's pregnancy from the Vice President's office, but the post quoted spokeswoman Leah Ann McBride is saying Tuesday night that the Vice President, Mrs. Cheney, are looking forward with eager anticipation to be rivaled their sixth grandchild.
Mary Cheney 37 was in aid of her father during the 2004 campaign, as was Elizabeth, and now is Vice President for consumer advocacy at AOL.
The post quoted the source close to the family is saying these circumstances of Mary Cheney's pregnancy will remain private.
Wow, what a how they did that, huh?
She and Poe moved from Colorado to Virginia, or go to be closer to the Cheney family.
An interview with the post six months ago, when asked if she and Poe wanted children, Cheney said,
That was a conversation I think I shouldn't have with Heather first in that tweet.
And they made a baby.
How do you like that, huh?
All your kids out there, two dikes can make a baby. It just takes a lot of hard work.
It's hard work.
Well, maybe one of them has got an asperatic system, you never know.
Turkey baiting them.
We've all seen those flicks.
11.78, Al Gore 32, Barack Obama 319, I'll keep you posted on that because it's some pretty heavy duty competition there.
WQIAM, hello.
Okay, that was our one transfer this half hour.
And there ain't nobody on it.
A way to make it there might be another one. Falsal arm. QIAM, hello.
QIAM.
Yes sir.
Yeah, we don't know what we don't care.
We hate you like a thousand times worse anyway.
See, I keep hitting the drop button on this thing but it doesn't drop.
It's been going on all week long.
Plopton you drop.
5670560, pound 560, even right, I didn't see it a while this month.
See that? That's the reason I stopped taking calls a few months ago.
How long do you think that was? I don't know.
Wow.
Months.
Because there weren't any that you'd want to put on here.
I mean, I'm not talking about it.
We always roast callers are you spend just talking about you and say anybody would want to hear.
We talked about it yesterday.
What did you say?
But it's not like it used to be.
No kidding.
You mean that every now and then people would call for it something to say?
No.
Even if it was a contrary point or you know, just something.
Something, right?
Someone with something to say.
It's like that I hate the bird, but we said something.
It's like anything for a bag of stockers, you know, something besides that.
Right.
You said the same handful of lunatics of maniacs, the same pop pop pop like that.
You know, it's kind of like that Bush, a Herbert Walker or a thing the other day.
It's kind of like a...
Get a little ponderous.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello.
Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Q-A-M, hello.
Morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I also had a birthday gift.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Yeah, I'd like to make an addition to your poll.
How about Howard Dean?
Howard Dean ain't running for nothing.
Okay, he's not going to be running.
He isn't running in.
Thank you very much.
George asked me that this morning.
He said, no, Howard Dean, how are Dean's not going to be a candidate.
He's not running.
He's not going to run, like I said.
And what's the point of putting people on there who aren't going to be running, right?
I mean, Jim Bush, we don't know your fan asked governor, but there was talking that yesterday, wasn't there?
When we were showing that video clip over and over and over and over.
That answer might be, you know, throw his hat in the ring or just throw his ass in the ring would be good.
And maybe he could run with his daughter, could be the running mate, Noel.
They could have a rip.
America could have a rip-snorting good time with the two of them.
You think?
Let's see now that's bad.
Just because the whole family is dysfunctionally, he's a hypocrite and a phony baloney.
But he's wildly popular with the people of Florida.
Well, don't forget that a good number of the people of Florida bunch of raving morons, okay?
Just keep that in mind every time you think about fat ass jailed Bush.
The whole game, the whole game is going to cry again.
The real roger.
George, radio 560.
You aint him.
You aint him.
I got my hair.
Hey there.
How many times you did you get one of them hilarious email jokes that just send you in the fits of laughter, Wilshire?
Those are all written by me.
Ha ha.
I'm Jim Bob Duford.
The fella's down at the local joke compute been telling me for years.
Hey, Jim Bob, you're a funny guy.
You're like the Potsworthy fella.
You're doing your sample, you know?
Well, since I learned here this compared to thing, I've been emailing out my jokes through a series of tunes.
Here's one of my classics you may have read.
Hold on tight.
Hope you're sitting down for this one.
Why can a capable, eat a politician?
Because they're so hard to clean.
Ha ha ha ha.
Here's your number one.
Most people have a photographic memory, but don't have any film.
Ha ha ha.
Now remember, if you don't scroll down for punchline, these online jokes of mine will keep you laughing for days.
Like this one here.
A young gets into a cab.
Don't scroll down now.
The driver asks her for her date.
She says, my name is John, and I'm going to a costume party.
Ha ha ha.
I'll leave it with this one.
If you think everything's going up your way, then you're in the wrong lane.
Well, I say I'd see around, but then you always will.
And you're ain't nothing you can do to stop me.
Read my jokes.
Read my jokes.
Read my jokes.
Read my jokes.
You're fairy.
14 to the moon at 560 W.M.
This poll today, man, is just sitting in the world on fire.
It's in a whole, in fact, you might like a match.
A lot of 100 votes, that's first of all, to show you the phenomenal response.
It's not even close to Noon yet.
It's 14 of, not even close to Noon yet.
And it's a six-volt margin.
And Al Gore is on top.
328, 322.
How do you like that?
It's a two-hoss race.
So anyway, let's get back to the Christmas party because I interrupted myself, which I have a bad habit of doing.
I think I understand first a couple of them crappy calls, too.
So what happened with Kenny?
Did he come over and beat you up for something?
Nothing on the way to our table.
Yeah.
I passed him and his wife, and I...
I passed Gassy, but he's...
He has a hand, and we introduce our wives to each other, and then I proceed it to my table, where we continue to drink and then eat.
Who is it, your table?
Josh, his lovely Russian girlfriend, Miguel.
Who else?
Was Miguel's wife there?
Rolly.
And he said, Rolly.
Motion director.
Was Miguel's wife there?
Rolly's girlfriend.
And eventually we were joined by...
Was Miguel's wife there?
Well, it's at the table.
What are you trying to tell me?
I'm not trying to tell you anything.
What are you talking about?
Okay.
See, this is not a fear.
You can't do this.
I've already gone through 24 hours of this, you know, being ignored in the last day and a half.
I don't want to go through this again on the show.
So in other words, there's something there that I should know about.
What?
Okay.
Woo!
I thought I had problems.
Wait a minute.
Why keep saying wait a minute.
You're unimpressed by anybody.
Maybe the audience will be impressed.
I'm not impressed by the person.
That's right about Dick Cheney.
What about what?
About Miguel's wife wasn't at the party?
That doesn't impress me.
Miguel's ex-wife?
1204 on the pool and it's a six-foot margin.
And Al Gore still got it.
He's got it.
But you know, if he's got a one-by-lot more than that.
Because one thing with Al Gore, they don't count the half of his votes.
Been locked in the live, but Hamstrung says the Washington Times.
And the audience wants to hear a lot more about that Christmas party.
US intelligence agencies agencies think Al Qaeda leaders are a sub-adventure.
And I'm in the parliament, Al Zawari, are alive and still plotting attacks,
even though both have eluded a massive manhunt for more than five years,
since the non-loathing terrorist attacks.
I think that's what I'm going to do the rest of my life.
What?
You want a massive manhunt?
Okay, I guess.
I've been doing that.
Been locked in a few appearances in statements in recent months
and two recent bombing attacks in Pakistan aimed at killing Al Zawari.
Prompted recent intelligence reports that both may be dead, but...
But so far, there's been no success in locating, catching either extremists leader
to their movements or communication or from intelligence agents on the ground.
Both remain powerful symbols for Islamist extremists around the world
and the target escorts to hundreds of covert special operations commandos,
regular troops and CIA per military officers.
Defense Secretary Desi Mait Robert Gates said yesterday
plans to review the tactics being used by forces taking part in the five-year hunt for bin Laden.
Although we noted that bin Laden's become more of a simple detourist
and less than active plan or organizer of attacks.
He's like the devil, you know, like the Tupacabada.
He's a devil, eh?
While it's important to continue the search for Osama Yamama,
I think that his ability to directly organize and plan to kind of attack against us
that hurt us so badly in 9-11 is very limited now, Mr. Gates said.
And I think it's important to keep him on the run.
Keep him having the runs, man, because I got news for him and Keves,
they don't have a lot of sherman.
Can I add a one-icekin-indelicate question before I finish him?
Oh, I can go ahead.
Very important story.
I would, you know, the caveman on the guy who spots the pistol of caveman.
Well, I don't think too much about caveman, because they're pretty early.
But back in those days, since you're such a scholar,
you guys, when you say he's a real scholar,
it's I would.
No, sure.
Since you're such a scholar, what did the caveman wipe their butts with?
They didn't.
Awww!
Stop.
All right.
Not even some green leafy vegetation?
I doubt that.
Oh, I mean, you weren't there to see it.
So you just, you're just speculating again as usual.
I am, but you had something that the caveman didn't wipe their butt butt butt butt butt.
Wow.
There's a lot of speculation about when that practice started.
Yeah.
And it's unclear as to when, and probably way later than we would have wanted to think about.
There were weapon arrests on the grass.
Like, civilization happened first.
And then somebody decided, maybe you'd be staking it to do something.
Maybe because there were like no artificial ingredients and chemicals in crap,
like we, maybe it was like all very antiseptic, you know, like a dog.
Yeah, right.
Even though it's not a dog, usually not always, but usually like it's kind of well.
No, it stinks and it's horrible.
I'm not talking about stinks.
That's a different story.
Jesus, God.
The challenge in chasing alchydol, it is this figuring out where they're going to be,
not where they've been, and getting the information that is in a way that's timely enough to act on Gateshead.
Well, that kind of intelligence lacking, he'd be saying.
The way it will catch bin law eventually, in my view, is that just isn't the case of Solomon who's saying one of his own people will turn them in.
I think just as he's not organizing things any longer, remains a powerful symbol,
I think being able to capture Kiliman, have a powerful symbolic impact also, he said.
Last week, director of National Intelligence, John D. Edgar Patti, the butcher of the Honduras,
was asked why bin Laden has eluded the manhunt.
He said he wouldn't provide a long exegesis, oh, I can't say that word, explain the figure so far.
E-S-E-G-E-S-I-S.
Exegesis.
Exegesis.
Exegesis, whatever it is.
Alongside the dance.
Obviously, we're not going to get out and know why you don't read these stories.
Obviously, we're not going to give up on a reference attack and down a Negro-pondy,
Synecter's featured Harvard.
CIA director Michael Hayden told WTOP Radio and Washington last week that both bin Laden and Elzawa are here.
Still alive. They hit him with five shots.
And they're still alive.
How do you like that?
And working to hurt people in the values of the U.S.
Intelligence officials said bin Laden and Elzawa are hiding in separate locations.
We know that they're in the mountains, Los Montanillas, and they're in the wherever the hell they are.
They don't know nothing.
They're spending all this money to destroy Iraq.
And we're doing a hell of a-get it, we're doing a heck of a job, right?
Just like Brownie Brown in New Orleans, heck of a job, Bushy.
Probably shouldn't say that because then again, you know, family members get upset.
And Karela.
From 118 votes on the poll, this is-oh my god, this is tight butt.
Al Gore's opening up a little lead.
Tight butt.
Tight butt, like a witch.
Who is your favorite choice for president in 2008?
So you didn't have any conversation with Kenny Walker about the Kenny Bow morning show.
You didn't have the garlic guts to say to his face, where you want to hear.
Guts nothing.
I already said what I have to say about it and he's-
Nothing worse than that guy who don't have the balls to deal with somebody head on.
Head on.
You want to slide directly to the forehead?
Apply directly to the-
Caffeine.
Apply directly to the brainstem.
Caffeine.
Apply directly to the brainstem.
Caffeine.
Apply directly to the brainstem.
Just like that.
So there was no conversation.
So Miguel without his wife, and was either with some hot chick, is that what you're trying to tell me?
No.
I'm just joking.
This is a joke, Miguel.
And by the way, he really injured my life, Miguel.
Yeah, let's blame him.
No, I'm not blaming anybody for anything.
Okay, I'm just a so-yo queen and that's just the way it is.
I just finally come into my sense.
Hey, at least you know your life.
Just-just move on, you know.
Who is your favorite choice for president in 2008?
118 votes.
Al Gore, 334.
Barack Obama, 325.
It's a nine-vote spread.
Wow.
Get the judge out there with an eyeball popping out of his head.
Remember that?
How could you forget in 2000?
At Palm Beach County Judge.
Google I.
He was Google in it.
Old Google I.
They all suck.
157.
Hillary Clinton, 153.
She can't even beat the all suck.
153.
And I have a line for that, but we'll get a choice.
Really, Giuliani 91, John McCain, 64.
Wesley Clark, 28.
John Kerry, he is scary.
Only 23.
In fact, that he won the election and got stolen on Ohio in 2004.
That goes to Sheryl, what a miracle it is.
That if anybody, if they'd had a real candidate running, he would have just scrubbed bushes and ass.
We want to lose Lufus sponges.
Jed Boer's your fan-ass governor.
He stuck on 20.
It's the same 20 knuckleheads.
Probably his relatives.
I hate this poll only 9.
0.7%.
Thirds Pataki, only 9.
0.7%.
And Evan Vias up to five.
He got another vote.
Somebody from Indiana, no doubt.
Somebody from Ohio Military Academy and how Indiana.
Boy, I sure love living across the street from the Ohio Military Academy.
I'll say to that.
I wish I had some binoculars.
But yeah, it's one of those things.
It's a frustration thing.
You know, you can look but you can't touch.
You know what that's all about?
Yes, it is.
Very, very sad.
I mean, what's the big deal?
You know, reach out and touch someone.
Is that what they're always saying?
Reach out and touch someone.
Whether they want you to or not.
That's the bad part.
That is the bad part.
And then of course in your mind you're thinking, just like the priest said about Mark Foley,
you know, I thought he liked it.
He liked it.
You know, he might know what he said.
Like it a lot.
Papa, that's what Papa said.
I thought he liked it.
At least Papa liked it.
1156, oh there's David Gergen who never met a camera he didn't like.
It comes along.
I was like, I'm not going to be a doctor.
I was like, I'm not going to be a doctor.
I was like, I'm not going to be a doctor.
I was like, I'm not going to be a doctor.
I was like, I'm not going to be a doctor.
I was like, I'm not going to be a doctor.
I was like, I'm not going to be a doctor.
I can't imagine why.
Because they can't handle the freaking truth.
That's why.
Because it's all about your horse craft.
Just like this war in Iraq, war in my ass.
We invaded the country.
We killed a whole bunch of people who was based on lies.
And the media is like dancing around the edges.
We got this study group over here.
And this is all about your belonging.
And all these dead people, almost 3,000s over 2900,
now dead American soldiers, 2901.
Almost 3,000, based on lies.
Hi, I'm Fraa, Yuleana,
Russian-laden, and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass
with soap made from jewels.
And listening to the new Rohe, I'm gonna eat the hour.
Check out it!
Today on Dr. Freil, it's Jessica Simpson and Nick Lyshe.
What's doing?
What happened?
I like her alive, but I think she's crazy.
Everybody laugh at me and they smile at me.
You are a phenomenal idiot.
Luna is fish not chicken.
You know you're smart, right?
I don't know.
I assume you want to hear the truth.
If it's Luna and not.
I just think you are a f***ed up.
There's another one.
Your girlfriend Jessica, she had a little lump sugar.
You also saw that.
Almost as many times as the adjurge,
your herber walker,
but she's crying in his eyes out like a baby.
Uh, well, she forgot to learn something.
Well, she had a little bit of an incident,
and it got her all flustered.
And I don't blame her, she can do no wrong.
She had an incident?
Her dress was falling off.
Get out of here.
You didn't see the whole story?
No, I saw the clip where she forgot the lyrics,
and she wanted to have a snap on her dress,
you know, whatever.
Pop it up.
But I thought she said that she was obsessed
with dolly partens boobs or something like that.
Yeah, something like that.
Or jealous.
It was a train wreck, but she's still okay.
It was an accident, but nobody got hurt.
Except her.
The sun's settled, by the way, on the front of their website.
I'm going to have to read this again,
because this may be one of the great stories.
Thanks to EverFacts.
I'll text that in early,
so that both the 10 a.m. and the noon shifts on our show
can hear this great story.
When you agree, it's one of the all-time best.
Yes it is.
On the plane.
One moment please.
Well, I'm looking for, you know,
it's hard to find these now.
Good answer.
An American Airlines flight bound for Texas
was forced to make an emergency landing Monday morning.
After a passenger lit a match to disguise the scent
of Flicelence authority set.
The now-spot flight was diverted
in Nashville after several passengers
before it's smelling burning sulfur
from the matches.
Oh my God.
So one lawyer in spokesman for the National International Airport
authority.
All I did on passengers in five crew members
were taken off and screened
while the plane was searching,
and the record was screened.
Oh, brother.
Somebody farted on the plane,
and we have to go through all of this thing.
No wonder people don't want to fly.
The FBI questioned the passenger admitted
she struck the matches in an attempt to conceal a body odor.
She had unspecified medical condition authority,
so yes, she fartes.
I guess that would be an unspecified medical condition,
she fartes.
Who doesn't?
It well.
We got a medical condition.
It's too much in a way,
but you feel stark and individual as well.
She said,
it's unusual that someone would go to these measures to cover it up.
The flight took off again,
but the woman who was not allowed back on the plane,
the woman who was not identified,
was not charged in the farting and lighting
the match on the plane instead of having like that.
Not charged.
All right.
The 12-year-old kid who opened his Christmas present
early, he got charged and dragged away in handcuffs.
I'll put some bits that farts the cuts are real blast
around the plane and lights it with a match.
She doesn't get charged.
That'll drag her ugly answer away,
and I'll let you win do it again.
Al Gore is open up,
and this is the widest margin,
either one, a 10-vote lead on our poll,
339 and Barack Obama, 329.
Swittlery is just,
oh, she's stuck in wind down there,
a way down, or 153,
out of 1241 votes.
You must have done a fabulous job yesterday, boy,
because you can feel the big mow, you know?
The big mow.
You can move up from your performance yesterday,
especially on his phone call.
Sure.
God.
And this real short one coming up.
QIM Crankline.
Happy birthday, George.
Thank you.
Neil, a couple questions.
First, what is that?
I'm not technically, I'm technically counting,
but what is the iPod?
Is that the best thing or the MP3?
What is the best one to get?
The one you can afford.
Yeah, one that you have enough money to buy,
and that would be good.
They're all the same.
It's all the same stuff, man.
That's what I've not.
iPod is best quality,
but you'll get more storage per dollar with another way.
Let me say it again.
Get the iPod.
I got one.
I love it.
The iPod?
What is your best HD channel?
What is your favorite channel on the HD?
The TSN, the hockey games in HD.
I've got to see the Leafs lose every night.
Discovery.
I was going to say Discovery 2.
Just relax.
Just calm down.
I wonder if I don't think I have those in this set in here now.
I don't have them in here because I don't want to pay the extra for the...
What do I need that in here?
HD.
Can the audience see the picture I'm looking at?
Probably not.
It's a good, the name good thing.
It's probably some picture on the Mice Base page.
Just a joke.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
That's right, it's holiday time, boy.
Everybody's got a schlep out and buy a bunch of it.
He's not looking to buy for somebody else.
He wants it for him.
I guess.
Somebody buy that poor schlep for an iPod.
Oh, for me.
I'm just still not that excited about the docking stations.
No?
No.
What's wrong?
They just don't have the real...
They'd be expensive, but a big shooter like me.
I can afford it.
When you've got the big bucks.
Well, there are other options like you can hook it up to a...
Any stereo at all.
Any stereo?
Anything.
You know, get the appropriate cables.
Can I tell you?
I don't even listen to it.
No, I'm not.
I listen to what is under blame when I'm farting.
Well, good thing you got a carrying case then.
I'm serious.
Yeah.
I already had a carrying case, but thank you so much.
It was nice to answer your question.
It was nice to answer your question.
I want to pay you $85 a custom.
No, that's why I do it.
The recent poll shows big jump in Pelosi,
favorable impression.
All I can say to that is.
Oh, my God.
She makes me cock a man.
She gives me spilkeys.
Incoming House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's appropriating his jump substantially
from the level it was at before the November election of corner-recent survey.
The November 9th to 12th USA Today Gallup poll clearly shows
that incoming House Speaker Pelosi's profile has been raised
that it after the elections since the report from Gallup News Service.
38% of Americans today have a favorable point of well,
and that's really a big deal,
while 24% have unfavorable,
and 38% would know who else she is.
Before the election,
she scored a relatively meager 26% now Gallup explains
her favorable rating of numbers
are unfavorable by 14% its points.
Additionally, Pelosi now scores in coming majority,
a Senate majority leader, Harry Reid,
who says, weak as a food fly,
who registered a 27% positive view among those surveyed.
Reid did hire a higher positive than a negative score
according to poll 27 positive 19 negative,
and everybody else says, who's that?
Does he relate to Greg Reid?
Harry Reid?
Who's that?
And you know what I don't blame them.
Most people are concerned about their lives, baby,
about stuff that has to do with their lives,
not about some stupid-ass politician,
some crook, some damn moronic crook,
who's looking to stick his hand to the cookie jar
and grab all your cookies, or whatever else you got.
1249 votes, who's your favorite choice for present in 2008?
One of our most popular polls in a long and a dog's age.
See, that's why you know there's no God,
because there was a God dog to live with as long as we knew.
Am I right?
Right.
And cats would live for five minutes.
Cats wouldn't be around.
Well, except to put it in a microwave.
Just to keep it dry.
Favorite choice for present in 2008?
Al Gore 344, Barack Obama 333.
Al is open up at 11, I was wrong,
because I think Obama was 11, I had earlier.
But now Al is moving ahead by 11.
They all suck 169.
Harry Clinton 153.
She sucks.
Well, maybe not.
Rudy Giuliani 93, John McCain 67.
Wesley Clark, a meager 28 in spite of his many desperate attempts at the deli then,
to win over the old Alta Cokervote.
28 for West Clark.
John Kerry 23.
Phantas Jebush is stuck there in 20.
Oh boy.
You know, let me tell you one thing.
If there's anybody I don't need to find out that Jeb's only got 20 votes.
This is daddy's.
You don't need to repeat that.
That's a virtue for once.
Anyway, Phantas Jeb with 20.
I hate this poll only 9.7%.
Stuart Fattakie still got 9.
And Evan buys up to 6.
Evan buys from Indiana.
He's a good guy, Evan buy, but nobody has any idea who he is.
He could have won a fixed election.
I'm 1254 vote.
Boy, I'm going to tell you one thing.
If the calls were as good as the response on the poll and on our website in general,
and if some of the pictures on our Myspace page,
if there was good as those, we'd be kicking some, we'd have a 40 share, you know.
Easy.
Easy.
Speaking of easy, they're all Papa.
The Archdiocese and Imi is fighting to keep Archbishop John C. Favillara
from being deposed in the Civil lawsuit alleging that a retired Margate pre-sexually abused the boy in the 1990s.
Favillara was Archbishop during the time that Reverend Neil Doherty of St. Vincent Catholic Church
is accused of molesting the boy.
Favillara was also with them when the Archdiocese placed a duty on leave in 2002.
Neil Doherty.
But the Archdiocese argues in its September court motion that the plaintiff's attorney, Jeffrey Herman,
is trying to harass Favillara.
Herman said the Archdiocese is dodging.
They don't want Favillara to have to tell the truth under the oath said Herman,
who has filed about 40 sexual abuse cases involving priests in Florida.
What are they hiding?
I think they're running from the truth.
He said, and I would say,
I'm so willing to correct it.
That's what they always do in the Catholic Church.
They run from the truth.
They run for the Altar Boy.
They grab real quick and then they run from the truth.
Herman says the Archdiocese is dodging, bobbing and weaving.
They have probably a lot of practice with that bobbing and weaving.
They don't want Favillara to have to tell the truth under oath said Herman,
who has filed about 40 sexual abuse cases,
they don't want Favillara to be the first in which Herman was handled most of the local lawsuits again priest
as deposed in Archbishop in Florida.
Herman said he wasn't aware of any other.
Now the Archbishop, he gets to wear that really freaky hat.
What's the one that looks like a pup pastry?
Yeah, like a hot cross bun.
It looks like the Pillsbury Doe Boy.
But anyway, he does.
Stick him in the pupacy what happens.
The course nationwide have generally allowed plans to depose high ranking church officials,
although many cases settle before they reach that stage.
And all of your sufferers are keep putting money into place.
That's where it goes to settle these lawsuits against these preverts.
That's right.
In October, Broward Circuit judge Dorian Demorghian gave Herman the go ahead to the post Favillara.
But the Archdiocese filed an appeal November 27 to try to stop it.
Last year, Herman filed a 25-end dollar lawsuit against the Archdiocese on behalf of John Doe 22.
The man said Doe and he sexually abused him during the 90s, starting when he was about 11.
In January, Broward prosecutor charged Doe and a criminal case related to the same victim
if convicted of 63-year-old faces life in prison.
Eric's dice, he's argued that Favillara has no first hand knowledge related to the lawsuit.
But Herman said Favillara is familiar with the allegations involving Doe and he became the Archbishop of Miami, November 3, 1994.
Archbice's memo showed that a settlement was in the worst in December, 1994,
for a case involving a boy who'd already allegedly drugged and raped it at Herman said.
Drugged it and raped it. How do you like that?
Can you even imagine what he said?
Why not?
It's a hell for no longer, boy.
I'm a Catholic.
Also in letters Favillara, Dick Kent said he knew about allegations involving Doe and in 2002 he wrote a letter to Doe
to Doe and he placing him on leave after reviewing files that showed credible evidence in your particular case
which raises questions to be considered.
Quit chasing him little boys, okay?
Chase in little boys.
Why don't you chase big boys?
But it's another thing to chase little boys, you know what I'm saying?
Like a rage.
Crazy, you're a little bit of church man.
I beg your pardon?
It'll run us fast.
That's what you think.
Oh man, what a life.
That's all I can tell you, what a life.
Just, you know,
262 votes and man, Al Gore's open up a 13-point lead.
Could be a really lucky number or not.
I think he's running, don't you?
Where?
Away from the older boy.
Who's running away from the priest?
It's a race. That's why they call it the presidential race man.
It's a big fat smelly race.
And that old bitch from, what, what, what, what was she from? Nashville.
What if there's a lot of it?
1213 at 560, nobody queue in.
Bill Rogers.
God.
We haven't lied by a satellite.
Yes, Bill.
And I just heard this should be Michael Richards.
Michael, are you there?
Hello. Hi.
How you doing?
Good.
Yeah.
What, what do you explain exactly what happened for the folks who may not know?
I, I lost my temper on stage.
I was at a comedy club and I said some pretty nasty things to some Afro-Americans.
And I'm not even sorry.
I'm a racist.
That's what's so insane about this.
Stop laughing.
Stop laughing.
Is there much more you would like to do?
I think it's important to trash talk.
The Afro-American community of the black school.
I've got more hate and more rage and more anger coming.
All right.
Take care.
How about that?
Roll.
From 19, I see David Letterman's time for another $30 million for an initial year through the year of 25, 25, which everyone ever ends.
How do you like that?
Well, good for him.
Nice work.
I don't want to get it.
I don't stay up there, let him in.
I'm an old man.
I can't be standing up late watching David freaking Letterman.
Well, if I knew there would be more embarrassing apology like that.
What?
If they were going to have more embarrassing apologies like that, I'd make it a point to you.
I still wouldn't watch.
Speaking of that whole racial thing that business, the Supreme Court justice is, how come I'm reading all these stories today?
It's because there aren't any calls.
Did you get more calls than this yesterday?
You must have because you don't read no stories.
Well, that's a relative term.
No, it's not much.
Well, it's the holidays, man.
They wanted the calls back.
There aren't any.
I got more calls these goofballs if that's what you mean.
Oh.
These Supreme Court justice is hearing arguments on school integration, several of the yesterday, that they're likely to borrow racial guidelines for assigning students to public schools.
The public school is sucked, by the way.
Americans are never been sought as most of them.
You can't complain about education.
America has very much going on, but nevertheless.
Such a ruling would deal a blow to civil rights lawyers and the school officials nationwide,
who would hope to maintain the semblance of classroom integration in cities whose neighborhoods are divided along racial lines.
It would be a major victory for those who have called for colorblind decision making by public officials.
At issue today, where the integration guidelines adopted by the school boards in Seattle and Louisville, Kentucky,
they were challenged by parents of the small number of students, most of them white, who were denied the first choice in schools because of race.
All the justices who spoke up during the argument agreed that racial integration is a lot of the goal, however,
see, probably a lot of people wonder, how come you always say, however, that's because your president Dwight Eisenhower used to say,
however, and I just always say it.
Does that make any sense to you? No, I do.
It's just to be sarcastic.
Because of a sarcastic old bastard, that's why.
However, a newer majority of them in comments and questions said the Constitution for bad shifting children from one school to another based on their race.
Outright racial balancing is, apparently, unconstitutional, suggested to Anthony Kennedy, a centrist who often cast a deciding vote.
And that seems to be what you have here, he told the lawyer defending Seattle's program,
whose guidelines gave non-white students first choice for enrolling into most popular to predominantly white high schools.
A green with Kennedy, Chief Justice, the uncle's John Roberts said,
the purpose of the equal protection clauses to ensure that people are treated as individuals rather than based on the color of their skin.
No students have been excluded from school because of their race race, but Michael Madden, the school board's lawyer.
They may be assigned a way different, but basically a comparable school, maybe in a like 80-100 miles away, something like that, something convenient.
Everyone got a seat in Brown as well, replied Roberts referring to the landmark decision that struck down racial segregation,
but because they were assigned those seats on the basis of race, it violated equal protection.
Madden disputed the comparison between force and variation in voluntary integration,
segregation is harmful to students while integration has benefits, he said.
I mean, how could he get any drugs, if you will, that's beside the point.
Achieving racial diversity is certainly an admirable goal, suggests his aunt and niece, Scalia, even if the objective is okay,
you can't achieve it by any means whatsoever. I thought one of the absolute restrictions in the Constitution that you cannot judge and classify people on the basis of their race.
Justice San Lido, Jr., and other fascists also skeptically question the school lawyers,
just as Clarence Token-Thomas, that we said nothing yesterday, is always insisted that public officials may not treat individuals differently because of their race.
What does he know?
Until yesterday, civil rights lawyers have not hoped that Kennedy and maybe Roberts might vote to uphold the local school boards that pursued voluntary school integration,
but both made it clear they believe explicitly that race-based plans cannot stand.
And the bottom line of the whole thing is that in Ghetto is the school suck, and then all white living white neighborhoods of schools are a lot better and got like, and that's the way it is.
And who the hell is Clarence Tomas and he took advantage of all those affirmative action programs to get where he is?
They're exactly Clarence freakin Token-Thomas, so he's probably smoking the damn Washington at times.
Right when he's absurd, Clarence Token-Thomas.
Yeah, go harass him or bish him.
Clarence, there we go.
Anybody with an ambulance?
Hey, y'all, my name is Clarence from Eugene Thomas.
Clarence Token-Thomas is not an e-punner for the freeing part.
And you know there's a lot of people that I did, and thank just all of them.
I smoked a little marijuana when I was in college.
And it wasn't everybody.
Pinnjoy?
Yeah, maybe.
See guys out here.
I know where we are.
They don't think I'm fit to be on the Supreme Court.
Yeah, I got to munch you.
Let's do this quick and get out of here.
I want to sit y'all straight when I stop reviewing the law.
I don't just review the law.
There y'all.
I'll be Token.
Right.
And I'll Token to the east.
And I'll Token to the west.
And I'll Token right.
I look up Saturday.
I'll kinda us best.
So close to me.
I'll be Token.
Let's go burn one y'all.
Yeah, that's what David Duky used to say to Clarence.
1223.
1223.
And we got Curtis for the Mad Dog at two o'clock then the Humper.
So the Humper is shying on the Christmas party though, nah?
Yes.
And you want to know why maybe he's diving.
Maybe.
Maybe he had a big bed on the Monday night football game.
Seattle in the Denver.
Think?
I don't know.
I'd say that's a safe bet.
Yeah.
And I'll say a bet.
Cute.
From 180 votes.
Well, we're gonna have 13 hundred before we even get close to one o'clock.
Wow.
What's going on over here, huh?
So damn, good thing I came back today.
You know, I just needed, I needed this show badly.
I really not sure why, but I'm just a crazy person, okay?
That's me.
Crazy.
But as you go through life, you learn your lessons, you know?
Sometimes you learn the hard ways, sometimes you learn the soft way.
Who's your favorite choice for president in 2008?
And this is really great.
Al Gore, look at that.
This is the biggest margin.
Trust me when I tell you.
Or not.
Al Gore 350 Barack Obama 338.
It's a 12 o'lead for Al Gore.
Rhymes with Bore.
He's a, I listen, I have no problem with either one of them.
As long as it's not, but anyway, they all suck 174.
And you notice everywhere you read when you read about this topic,
Republicans are Jones and for Hillary, they're praying.
They are dying for it to be the nominee.
Because they know that they can whip her ass, right?
They know that so many people hate her like poison.
And if you hate her like poison now, there's nothing she's gonna do in the next two years.
It's gonna, oh yeah, we like that switlery, you know?
Am I right?
Right.
It would be like if W had a chance to run again, you know?
Oh, can you even imagine that?
They all suck 174.
Hillary Clinton 158.
Well, she ain't moving up very much.
She's only got 12.5%.
Rudy Giuliani 95.
John McCain 68.
Wesley Clark.
Have another Ebola of a massive oil soup west.
Have some crepline.
31 for West Clark who came down in 2004 to a Hollywood.
Went to the deli then.
It had a couple of deli sandwiches.
And thought all the old Jews would owe for him as a result.
Because he eats a hell of a deli sandwich.
You know, I don't think so.
John Curie 23.
They read a vote for Clark Kent that was the Clark and you know what, so would I.
See, there he goes again with that factory or professional foget.
Yes.
Phantas J. Bush 20.
I hate this poll only 10.
Solanante D.H.E.
Soltanto D.H.E.
See, he can't mix the two languages like that.
Or you can.
Chinclata banana if I ever see that guy there again.
I'm gonna take one of those bananas and put away the moon don't try.
Oh, there's Joe Biden.
Oh, we should put him on there too.
He's running.
All right.
I guess we were just Biden our time, huh?
He got a chance to Biden be IDE.
You got him.
He got it.
Okay.
Well, you must have drank a lot of booze at that Christmas party.
We both did and we had to be here.
This man isn't a really good mood.
He must drink a lot of booze and pick his Russian girlfriend home and just head what for?
You know, I can't see it on here.
What for?
I know what for?
Five or six.
Yeah, times.
George Pataki 9.
And Evan Bye only six.
Evan Bye from Indiana.
He's a good guy, but he's, you know, and we didn't put Tom Hilsack on it either don't do it.
Who?
The governor of Iowa who's also running.
Let's see.
Over here as we got a...
Why do I have this?
Why do you just send me this?
I'm already about to change.
Well, Clarence thought that you were not reading it.
He wasn't sure, but he just wanted to make sure.
Hey, Clarence, your full of crap is usual.
Okay.
Put him on a plane like his ass on fire.
Clarence freaking the derro man.
What a deal.
I've been getting it.
And then I just get through a Santa minute ago.
Clarence had two and the Humper.
I'm not just getting through talking about that.
Yes.
Yes.
Played the tape back for that simple dinner.
Get out, butt out of our show.
You idiot.
Go ruin the morning show some more.
And they're doing okay.
They had that one big month.
And like Joe Bell said,
it must have been a fluke.
He didn't say that.
Now, how about Joe?
Well, how did you interact with Joe at the Christmas party?
Because Jolly, Joe Bell was in it this morning.
Kissing my ass.
Making sure I'm okay.
Saw Joe at the party.
Shook his hand.
Have a chat.
He sat at the table with us.
Well, what did he say?
He said, well, heck of a job this summer.
George, great going.
Did he say that?
No, he didn't say that.
Well, you heard what he said when in front of your face there.
When you were sitting there this morning.
You said, boy, you sure fill the breach yesterday when I was like
having a wrist break down.
Did it really good job?
Is that what he said?
Yeah, you heard it.
Oh, I missed it.
And I said, ah, you know, in fact, you probably were out of the room.
Because when he said that, I said,
Neil Rogers, good.
George Rodriguez, no good.
And he chuckled.
You know, him.
He chuckles a lot.
Yes, he does.
27 past noon at 560 W.
You can Curtis Stevenson it to have it sanded all day like you know.
I mean, do we want to really promote it?
It's not a knock on Curtis, but do we want to go overboard?
And it's like saying, no Jim Manage today, you know.
I mean, it's just, it's not smart radio clearance, you idiot.
In fact, the thing that it was like lie and say, oh, mad dog will be on it.
And you know, it's Curtis.
They can handle that.
No problem, but at least you know what I'm saying?
No, I think I'm fine.
I got your breasts are beautiful.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
If you can't make ends prep stare, notice that they didn't anything.
See if you can make these two more futures safe.
See if you can make these two more futures safe.
Oh my god.
They're watching Jackie Jackson clear it up.
Let's stop the killing and choose peace.
Jackie and Quame, come into BET.
Yeah, let's stop the colonel grab a piece.
12.45 at 5.60 W.Q.A.
And that's what we all want, right?
Even the Euglet and they want a good piece.
1325 votes and Al Gore's got a 12-hotelita for Barack Obama
is the tallies continue coming in from the West Coast.
Wow, this is like election night coverage here on QA.
You won't get this on the sports shows.
I'll guarantee that although you will get
to a clock, Clarence's out.
I mean, they're Curtis.
What did you hear what they was at?
Was it Monday?
What?
What?
When Clarence was doing the update and they got to be
two o'clock and it was like, I'm a color.
He was like, like he was eating the microphone.
Do you hear that?
No.
Wow.
Was he like Friday or like Monday?
Crazy person.
But then that's the way he is.
What does he know about radio?
12.46 at Q.A.M.
an umbrella group.
You know, these umbrella groups.
Remember the umbrella man in Dele Plaser in November 22, 1963?
Did you get KSS station?
Remember the umbrella man?
No.
It was a nice sunny day and there was a guy with an umbrella.
And he opened the umbrella like all of a sudden, yeah, like that.
An umbrella group of influential Cuban ex-Originizations
is joined the growing course of Cubans on both sides of the Florida
Straits.
Thank you, but.
Calling for the West to East Districts is on Travelling
Remittances to Cuba.
By 2000 ex-Originization speaking in unison
under the umbrella group,
Conseno Cubano, Consenso Cubano, excuse me.
See you should have correct the man.
Consenso Cubano or Cuban Consensors really support today calling
for the Bush administration to ease travel restrictions about time.
The groups say US policies that restrict Cubans from visiting family members
and have limited remittances in other humanitarian aid violate fundamental rights of Cubans,
damage to Cuban family and constitute ethical contradictions.
Come on, go to Cuba, by the way, right now.
Flap to Canada and get on a plane, go right to wherever you want.
No problem.
All right.
We're just flying up here by all the Mexicans here.
The Cuban and the cigars are Mexican cigars.
Fed.
Ooh.
The announcement is they actually make cigars in Mexico and never heard of that.
Yeah, yeah, they do and they suck.
Oh.
How about the cigars?
None, too.
The announcement underscores the growth of growing
with between hardline ex-oil leaders who want to preserve the sanctions
and more modern Cuban Americans and Miami and dissidents in Cuba
who feel that increasing interaction
and help promote a peaceful transition to democracy.
The disconnection is manifested itself at a time that an ailing
fiddlecaster is no longer in power in Cuba, having temporarily transferred
authority to its fact, Brother Raul.
And last month, Democrats took control of the House and Senate,
which could trigger a re-examination of US Cuba policy,
which I say.
All right.
Just last week, US representatives, Ilyana Rosanna, Dana Rosalainen,
and Mario Diaz-Balart, rams with fart on a plane,
appeared on a popular Spanish language television talk show,
Amano-Limpia.
What does that mean?
Alimferist?
OK.
We say defended US policy to your Cuba.
Of course.
We expect a couple of right-wing lunatics.
The station conducted if you were pulled during the program and showed
that most colors favor easing of travel and remittance restrictions.
How do you like that?
And oh, sure, we're not no crackers calling it on that show.
What is that show?
Amano-Limpia.
What is it?
Clean hand.
Yeah, where do they stick it?
Well, on the very, very potentially monumental changes in Cuba,
related to Fidel Castro's demise, had state representative David Rivera,
who spearheaded a call three years ago for the Bush administration
to tighten the US embargo, eh?
Now is not the time to be considering any relaxing sanctions
on the Castro dictatorship.
That's not an option for the administration of the majority of Cuban Americans.
Consensio Cubano.
Well, that sounds almost Italian.
Consensio Cubano, that's because of the way I said it, with a little a schmaltz, you know?
See, Italian is more schmaltz-y than esponial.
Esponial is a beautiful language which you'll never hear it spoken beautifully
in South Florida very rarely, but Italian is more schmaltz-y.
Consensio Cubano.
Cinqueca Badano.
Which includes mostly moderate exile groups.
It sounds like I'm losing my mind or what?
A little bit.
It's already gone.
It's great.
Good.
It includes mostly moderate exile groups such as the Cuba Study Group Democracy Movement
and the Cuban American National Foundation, the CANFA,
plans to hold a news conference today.
Consensio Cubano.
Consensio groups are also asking the Cuban government to lift restrictions on family travel.
The measures which limit over to non-Cubans, their fundamental rights to travel freely
to and from Cuban for humanitarian or family reasons, and their ability to freely send and receive personal and family aid,
violates the fundamental rights to Cubans that consensors humanitarian agenda.
What's their homosexual agenda?
Oscar Viciato, executive director of the Institute for the Estudios Cubanos,
said not to be confused with the Cuba Study Group.
Wow. This is too complicated for me for this old fact.
Said current restrictions on family travel and humanitarian assistance seem to be impending a democratic transition on the island.
Transition.
So what was that about McGillan?
Oh yeah.
My personal opinion is that we've seen that current policy isn't working Viciato said.
Well that's very sad news, whatever it is because it doesn't sound good to you.
It's something on the air.
It's bad.
But we all have our issues.
You know, we all have our personal access to grind.
You know, we all have these mountains to climb and things to overcome.
And we shall overcome and you all have to do all that other day.
1336.
Who is your favorite choice?
I'm not going to read it again.
I'm just going to give the top two again.
Keep it.
Oh, look at that.
Al Gore is a wall single way man.
Maybe he can be on dancing with the stars.
If there is a more stupid show that's ever been on.
You know, all these reality shows are stupid.
So called reality, which is all a bunch of crap.
Dancing with the stars.
Oh my god.
I wish Joey Car was still around.
Here's Joey Car.
I'm dining with the star dining and dancing.
And his brother, what is his name?
Steve Cohen.
How can you be a, I still don't wonder.
How can you be Joey Car and your brother's name is Steve Cohen?
And Marty Cohen.
I guess he's somebody changed their name.
Not Joey.
Good Jewish boy.
Al Gore 3654 Barack Obama 347.
How come we didn't have any more factors about the lyricings story today?
Wow, it's only from Monday, you know.
Make sure we know that Larry was a deadbeat in South Florida.
And that always a lot of people money in it.
And they're never going to pay it back.
And you know what?
Who cares?
That's up to him.
He's still being able to pay it back or not.
He's still a silly old hunchback who's, you know, 100 years old.
And a compulsive chronic BS artist.
WDQAM, hello.
Yeah, what are your three favorite sitcoms recently in time?
WDQAM, hello.
Okay, thanks, Joyce.
QAM, hello.
Bill, what's your view with you, sir?
Yes, sir.
Happy birthday, George.
Thank you.
Excellent show.
Yes, today.
Good job, George.
Thanks for filling in for me.
I was having an arrest breakdown.
I was mentally unfit to do the show.
I'm glad you're back.
And, you know, a good call yesterday.
You know, it weren't too lousy.
And I wanted to share with you.
I went out to the racing casino.
And it's not too bad, you know.
You went out to Gulf Lane?
Yeah, I didn't get, you know, I played $100.
I lost 40s and I went over to the hard rock.
But I noticed it closes early.
It closes at 3 a.m.
Which one?
The racing.
Well, yeah, because this was your fat ass governor.
They can operate only a limited hours.
And then, you know, I went over to the hard rock and I, you know, came out on top, you know.
I'm fine with it.
Hey, ask me what time would buy him closes.
Ask me what time they close it would buy him.
Never.
Correct.
All right.
I'll lose too much.
Okay, I'll try it out.
Thanks, Pag.
It's the time Wednesday, baby.
I'm going to go out and find me a good machine, man.
And just punch my guts away and get all my, my kit, my old kit bag.
Which I don't even know what that is, an old kit bag.
And wash all my outsourced away.
I don't have any outsourced.
Everything is fine.
Life is fine, you know.
You do the best you can.
And then, you know, you can do the best you can.
And then, you know, you can do the best you can.
And then, you know, you can do the best you can.
And then, you know, you can do the best you can.
And then, you know, you can do the best you can.
And then, you know, you can do the best you can.
And then, you know, you can do the best you can.
And then, you know, you can do the best you can.
And then, you know, you can do the best you can.
And then, you know, you can do the best you can.
And then, you know, you can do the best you can.
And then, you know, you can do the best you can.
And then, you know, you can do the best you can.
And then, you know, you can do the best you can.
And then, you know, you can do the best you can.
And then, you know, you can do the best you can.
And then, you know, you can do the best you can.
And then, you know, you can do the best you can.
And then, you know, you can do the best you can.
Wow, remember that?
That big deep throat.
He stuck his tongue all the way down.
Yeah.
Didn't help though.
He was still boring.
QA and Hello.
No, Neil, I'm not gay, but I want to yank on something.
No, okay, yank on this.
W and QA and Hello.
QA and.
I put a poor thing.
Thanks you, man.
Don't stand up and I fall out.
Oh, yeah.
He put it in there, man.
And there, just like Meg Green with her money.
She'd stand up to damn stuff with fall right out.
But, do we still have that?
Yeah.
Oh, I'm sure I think it's in a cart.
Oh, God, but I give anything to have that.
Meg Green and money.
Now, I don't got it.
You got it?
I don't know.
I'll look around.
No, I don't have to look around.
It's not that good.
What was the other Meg Green thing we had?
I can't have a friend.
No, Meg.
Randy Call.
Randy Call?
Call it.
Oh, that was the Randy Call with Meg.
But that's one of my favorites with the goddess.
Where the hell is that?
The piece of crap.
Here it is.
Hello.
Randy, I don't hate you at all.
Congratulations.
Get out of here, Meg.
You want to know something truthfully unhappy for you.
Why are you happy for me?
Because I am going to my boat.
We're going out for a cruise.
I'm having for the four and a half years.
My first weekend's off.
I'm promoting my video.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I figured it was some kind of promotion thing.
No, no, no, not at all.
I'm just saying that I welcome you to the station.
Honest to God I do.
Really?
Trust me.
I'm not lying.
I call to congratulate you.
Well, Meg, I just, can I just ask you one lousy question there?
Why on your last show?
Did you say I didn't have a chance in hell of doing anything over here at WIID?
I made a mistake.
I made a bad call.
I'm really listening to you.
And I think you're fun.
And I think it's perfectly okay to have, relax and have fun on a weekend.
Honest to God.
I needed to.
Yeah.
How's that?
And I'm enjoying listening to you.
And it's no bull.
Now, have a good day.
See ya.
Don't believe the word of it, man.
Just sat here and trashed me for a whole afternoon.
A whole afternoon sat here and said I didn't have a chance in hell.
I had no talent.
What the hell was I doing here?
Boy, Gary made a big mistake.
Now she wants to promote something at our tailgate party.
So she's going to kiss a little butt.
Hey!
The biggest name of best talent is the real Rodgers.
Sports Radio 560.
So this is on.
This is not a tumor.
It's the ones that two hour.
All right.
We all know who Charlie Christmas is.
We all know who Charlie Christmas is.
But if you know Charlie Christmas, not straight, he's a queer.
He's just been elected to leave for a gun.
But he's got a secret that I think you should hear.
We all know who Charlie Christmas is.
We all know who Charlie Christmas is.
But if you know Charlie Christmas, not straight, he's a queer.
Come out of the closet and be who you are.
Remember our foe and what happened this year.
We all know Charlie Christmas.
We all know Charlie Christmas.
But if you know Charlie Christmas, not straight, he's a queer.
I mean, the piece of crap cheese right now, your least favorite.
Yeah.
Too bad.
Well, I'm dead. That's my lunch.
All right.
Hey listen, 188.00 on a scale tomorrow.
I guarantee you I'll bet your life on it.
It'll be like 187 or less.
How much you want to bet?
How about a slice of cheese?
I'm going to take that bet.
Why not?
It's food by Wednesday.
Of course, maybe I won't be there that long.
Maybe I'll go in and find a great hot machine right off the bed.
And maybe it'll puke out three four grand right off the bed.
And I'll run right out of there and come home and eat up the store right out of the.
See, one thing about losing weight.
And that is when you're doing well.
Yeah.
It gives you the incentive to keep going.
In other words, like, oh, do you ever want to have any ice cream today?
Because that's going to spoil it and get my blood sugar spike way up there.
And like that, you know, I thought you were going to say when you're doing well,
you feel like you have some room.
You have some slack.
See, there we go.
I thought you were the guy that's always bitching me out about the fan.
I am.
Well, then don't be talking crap about slack.
Jack.
By the way, for all you, um, uh, queens out there, just a little piece of advice having learned the very difficult way during the course of my life.
Here's a very important piece of advice.
Okay.
You listening?
I'm listening.
All young, hot looking, heterosexual guys have the same initials.
You know what they are?
Yeah.
D.T.
It's just what you have to have to have to have to have more.
Look it up in the book.
Look at Google it.
Okay.
Well, I'm just telling you that that's what life is all about.
I mean, you obviously are already aware of that, but that's just a good lesson to keep in mind.
I know a similar situation.
Well, it's, uh, yeah.
374-356 goes on top by 18 over Barack Obama.
And, you know, the interesting part about that is,
Al Gore was the vice president for two terms under Clinton.
He ran in one should have been in 2000.
And so everybody knows from Al Gore.
I mentioned there's a whole lot of people, even with all the pressing and publicity,
he's getting them all the glitz and glamour, they don't know Barack Obama from, uh, you know, Al Sharpton.
You're right.
Except for maybe 150 pounds.
There's a lot more people than Al Sharpton.
That's correct.
Q-A-M, hello.
Hello.
Or Jesse Jackson.
Yes, sir.
Hi, I have a speaking name.
Speaking.
Neil?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Am I on the air?
Are you listening to radio?
Or, you, uh, you know, tell your finger and your nose.
Come on.
I've listened to the radio.
Well, turn the radio.
We don't want you to listen to the radio, because there's a 80 minute delay.
Just turn the radio down.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
We got first, apparently.
Oh, obviously.
I just wanted to call the saying, we missed George.
We love listening to George, just to think.
Yeah.
George is the best.
Yeah.
Can you say it with a straight face?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You mama.
560 and he wants to date it sounds like the middle.
Not my type.
560, 755, 60, 05, 60 and he arrives in singular wireless lines.
Well, I wonder how long him and his boyfriend took to get that work done, huh?
Probably somebody resentful of the truth.
I just said there about the CT factor.
Curtis the Taylor, he plays for, well, by the way, where the hell's my very jackass column?
Wow.
Where is that?
The dolphin suck.
No, Casey haven't noticed that.
Isn't that big game with the Patriots this week?
Yeah, well, big game for who?
Big game for the Patriots.
Not for the dolphins.
The dolphins are going anywhere.
It's the pass at the fish.
Another home game.
Another tough one for the Patriots.
Well, that's when they're like caught out of wears, you know, with their pants down.
Anybody want to see Tom Brady with his pants down?
I got my hand up in the air, but anyway.
It's just one of those things, man.
Very jackass writes in the hearledess morning as he's eaten his little, still, baloney sandwich.
For Dolphin's owner Wayne Heising in Pantheon or Alan Cohen, there have been plenty of pitiful,
a painful parallel as this fall and pitiful.
Both spent money freely except expecting long away to play off-verse.
Both lost their star off season acquisition to injury, Benny Culp had for Tom Bertuzzi.
Both to see their offenses butter.
And then Jack Martin, by the way, Jack Martin, froggy.
He's got the unmitigated gol to admit to the public that he didn't know that Todd Bertuzzi had a bad back when they traded away Bobby Lwango.
Hey, Jack Martin, man, you're an idiot.
You're a quizzling.
You're a frog.
Or I just spit out a little piece of cheezer.
Well, put it right back in.
What?
It was just on a piece of paper.
It's not like I'm eating schmutzi cheezer or something.
You're not a total slob, although.
Both spoke at length this week,
hyzing it with express disappointment and report his money and rest other topics in the phone conversation.
Though the dolphins often resist to giving large signing bonuses to free agents,
hyzing it said,
snake saving with 17.18 million in cap space will get as much money as he needs if he wants to make a splash in free agency.
That's the next decision.
The philosophy is you spend the money when you're only one or two players away.
If Nick says he's ready, we've never said no.
Yeah, that's how I feel.
If somebody says they're ready, I assure you, is how I wouldn't say.
If they're good, he's indicated he's not agonizing about a quark and kelp pepper instead of drew breeze.
Oh, yeah, I'd much rather have dandy kelp ever than drew breeze.
Just like I'd much rather have Chris Wells than, you know, say a dog wait.
We got advice from five or six doctors all around the country.
I give our team doctor credit for telling us to talk to other doctors.
Maybe it wasn't the right decision, but it could be too soon to judge.
You know that walking statue that the shuffling statue dandy kelp pepper who can't move and don't play.
I got news for a man when you're when you are shoved out of the way by Joey Harrington, you know, oh man.
On his 13 year run of soul owner, 114 90 regular season, but 4 and 7 post season,
and likely five consecutive non-playoff years, not likely, very five consecutive.
Heising has said we're one of the winningest teams, but that doesn't mean anything else to the fans.
All they want to know is what's happening now.
I wish we could have delivered more. He said deliver more.
Right to the door and watch people run and scream.
Beyond kelp pepper's injury, he says he isn't sure why his team has disappointed.
I can't explain what's happening.
He said, noting last year, six game, when he speak was with a different quarterback and different assistant coaches.
When you see how they played against Chicago, you say we're just about there.
But we fell flat Sunday, a flat on your ass Wayne.
Cohen, meanwhile, called this season very disappointing.
But I like the past that he won't replace key people.
Coach and general man, Jacques Martin, Jacques Strat.
We'll get as long as he needs to get the court group of players that know how to win, Cohen said.
We're not lacking any bad contracts. We'll be able to reshape the team pretty quickly.
This team's got enough talent to win.
We just need to change players until we find a mixed-fed wins, he be saying.
Cohen, who raised the team's pay-roll this season from 29 to 41 million dollars,
said when he became owner in 2001, I thought I could get us to be a Perennial Playoff team.
The first three years under the old CBA, the chances for success were limited, he said.
But the last few years, we should have been able to make the playoffs.
Did they make the playoffs?
And Mary says they're on pace to miss the playoffs for the seventh season in a row.
Seven consecutive CAAA they count them, baby.
Count them on your five fingers.
Pathetic, huh?
We're going to make over 14 hundred votes today, aren't you proud?
Okay.
Not excited, but proud.
It's really...
Like the reincarnation of Peter Proud. You're still in the scene.
Of course, I wasn't in the... Oh yeah, I hope that's right.
And Jennifer O'Neill?
Sure.
Dan Goodflale, how it ends, too.
Make Peter Proud.
Who is your favorite choice? Don't forget CT.
Who is your favorite choice from President in 2008?
Al Gore 380 Barack Obama 357.
What's happened to my man, Barack?
And George's man, Barack.
Attack.
Huh?
I guess you're lucky, Al Gore.
They're going to make him sit in the back.
Well, Al Gore is white.
You know, he's got that silly ass wife.
There wants to censor all the music.
Just keep that in mind.
Okay? If you get Gore, you get Tipper 2.
Remember that old saying, Tipper Canoe and Tipper 2?
Tipper Canoe and Al Gore 2, whatever there was.
Al Gore 380.
Oh, Barack Obama 380.
By the way, something.
Yeah, look what I found.
What's that?
Meg Green on mother.
All right.
Meg Green on mother.
This morning at 10 on South Florida's
news traffic and weather station.
News talk radio.
610 WIOD.
Oh, man.
Where's everybody from?
WIOD.
Oh, I hate that station.
Sit down, Meg.
The money keeps flying out.
God, but she's something or what?
She is a pick.
Dave Johnson, not the erase caller, but the guy that writes these columns.
I'm spurtling chip.
Right, it's kicking a lady to your eye.
I just spit out some more cheese, damn it.
See, that's what happens when you get to be a daughtering worker.
At least my teeth didn't go flying out, you know.
Before I go to that, we better take some of these really good calls.
QAN, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil.
I was just when I was listening this morning,
you talk about that experience on the plane?
Yeah.
I had a similar experience.
I'm sitting on a plane, totally empty plane.
This guy sitting behind me.
I think he said it was a totally empty plane.
How could somebody be sitting behind you?
Well, that's just it.
So I turned around and I go, did you just fly it?
And he looked at me like, and I said,
you just farted on an empty plane.
You could have said anywhere else,
you're sitting behind me and you let one go.
I imagine so bad he ended up getting up and moving.
Well, good for him.
Nice job, Halle.
Nice story made up.
Dave Johnson says,
Doomy Carter is not remembered as a great president.
Most folks might even consider him a failure.
A former peanut farmer from a plane's Jojo.
But why exactly do we hold one of the two Democratic presidents
of the last 38 years in such low esteem, he asks?
Isn't this demand that held the country together in the years after Watergate?
Didn't they bring decency and honesty back to the White House?
Uh-huh.
Yes.
It says.
I'm just reading what he writes.
Yes, yes.
Isn't it a great American success story for Amanda to come from such humble beginning serving defense of his company
than a send to the high store office?
Yes, he says.
Yes.
Is Dave.
Isn't it remarkable that back in 1979,
he declared the energy crisis as real as worldwide,
it's a clear and present danger to our nation?
These are the facts and we simply must face them.
Isn't that leadership envisioned?
Yes.
Yes.
But it was legacy destroying as well.
I remember as a Jimmy Carter, I remember his laced with the poison of right when he smear campaigned because
when Jimmy Carter encouraged us to face the facts of the energy crisis,
he faced off against the oil companies and as the decades passed,
it's become sadly clear that the nuclear physicist Dave Loth's or peanut farmer came up to worse for it.
He was portrayed as a naive and simple man, simple and he was routinely mocked.
A bit man's legacy was taken down.
What some would view as terrific achievements such as reducing the America's oil imports by 1.8 million girls a day
or getting the cruel windfall profits tax passed to help fund his energy policies,
any spare copies of that bill around by chance,
others viewed as terrific challenges to their businesses.
According to AmericanPresident.org,
a comprehensive nonpartisan resource available on the history and function of the American presidency
Carter accomplished a great deal of his prison, especially his energy packages, but
the perception of his leadership did not correspond with the reality of his performance.
millions of dollars of smears and tax will do that to a man.
We see the same happening to others over and over again this day.
As Michael Ducroch is a route goal or John Kerry,
running the multidimultivictum to the right smear machine.
We now know that companies like ExxonMobile created what investigative author George Monbot,
who, well, whoever's name is, has called the denial industry,
consisting of PR attack firms,
phony grassroots astroturf organizations,
think tanks, political front groups, and others,
all well-paid to confuse the public over the facts of global warming.
According to Monbot,
by funding a large number of organizations,
Exxon helps to create the impression that doubt about climate change is widespread.
For those who don't understand that scientific findings cannot be trusted if they haven't appeared in peer-reviewed journals,
the names of these institutes help suggest that serious researchers are challenging the consensus.
I'm going to be laid on a break, but you know what? Too bad.
I'm going to well finish this.
Good. We can see all around us the effect of this kind of operation
and the tragic consequences of the resulting delay in dealing with problems like global warming.
We can see the effect of similar operations on our healthcare policies,
our disappearing pensions, our low minimum wage, our campaign finance system,
our reduced job security in some other areas.
With this in mind, the question has to be asked is,
are negative perception Jimmy Carter come from the same kind of corporate-sponsored manipulative operation?
Does it come from the same kind of smear operation as the one that led to the impeachment of Bill Clinton
and the script holding a John Kerry?
Was our perception of Carter formed by an attack campaign from the event newly organized web of right-wing conservatives
founded funded by extremely wealthy individuals, corporations and foundations?
Jimmy Carter has spent his years since the White House's admirably as any former president.
He's focused on hunger and poverty and promoting democracy around the world.
He spent years far from the public view.
But now Jimmy Carter has again been doing interviews and press.
Nowadays, 82 he seems to have been moving toward a respected elder statesman rule.
So just this weekend, anonymous caller into a C-span interview,
granted that Jimmy Carter calling him a bigot and erased his own anti-Semite.
The caller continued accusing Carter of co-using him up with every dictator thug Islamic terrorist there is.
The rankings of a lunatic who made it through the pre-call screening somehow right?
Time to check the systems, make sure it never happens again.
No, this is the result of a coordinated smear where the charges Jimmy Carter being an anti-Semite echo through the right-wing blogs and straight to the Fudge report.
A mad, through ferry!
This attack was amplified by numerous current right-wing online attacks on Carter as sites such as fundpagemag.com
From the right came a wave of attacks, Carter has been trying to f the Jews.
He's friends with terrorists. He's this, he's that, and isn't a little pathetic.
Not to the far right, it's not. Not to those who spent 40 years developing a machine that sells us the myth of Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush and Rudy Giuliani while giving us the smearing of Jimmy Carter, Mike Ducakis, Al Gore and John Kerry.
Though even if Jimmy Carter is 82 years old, he dedicated Puber's servant in American hero in the twilight of his career.
If people are actually listening and liking what they hear, it's time to smear.
The biggest name of best talent for this is me, Rodgers.
You're bad.
We interrupt this program with a special statement from the Vatican.
Hey, how you doing? This is the Pope. A lot of people are saying that I hate Turkey, but nothing could be further from the truth.
I love Turkey, especially with the cranberry sauce on the view as enthrasing on the vener with the snuts of all boy.
What was that? Oh, you mean the country of Turkey? Oh, yeah, I hate those guys.
I'm not really a finder of the other Muslim countries either, but don't put that on the radio, okay?
It's been a deep doubt.
Oh, yeah, he's the best. And this Pope was not too happy with the Swiss Guard. He said there was too many CTs in the current edition.
They changed some, they moved some heads around.
1397 on the pole. Well, we're going to make 14,000 easy. We're sliding through that, you know what?
Yeah, we're sliding in the third order.
And the top two, your choice for a president in 2008. Who would you like to see your very favorite Al Gore 384 Barack Obama 363? Wow.
21 vote lead for Al Gore.
Hillary 171.
She's, you know, I'm telling you, she'd be a death wish. She'd be another Michael Ducaca, another Walter Mondale, another George McCover.
I mean, you know, not bad people, but just losers. Guaranteed loser. That's swillery. Any argument? Nope.
5670560, pound 562, the Verizon singular wireless lines. Well, I think this thing has flown along here today. I got my shirt on. My pantaloonies, my shoes.
Yeah, I'm ready to make a right. I had my lunch. They slice the crap cheese. I had a craft single about your two sport and a two.
I got my two in my jacket, partner. Are you crazy? You think I don't have my two? I got to take that with you.
I got a two, I take my two and go see the Duke before I puke. Let's see. Oh, it's a 38. It's really toasty out there. It's a little on the murky side.
We got no snow on the ground. We had like a little dusting, a little toasting and dusting, but it's toasty now, man. It's 38. It's great. WQAM. Hello.
I have my lunch. NEOGOT. Yes, sir. I have two things. They'll have monolimpia and the context that they're using, that means bare hand, like a bare fist fight.
Oh, huh. Limp wrist. Luckyly on a Rosanna Dan. Limp wrist. Exactly. Like whoever goes there to debate is a monolimpia, like bare fist fight. That's what they're saying.
Exactly. Right. And same look request. Danny, Jimmy, can you play that?
Jimmy and Danny and I get it right. Jimmy and Danny. That's it, but yes, it's been a long time.
Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and Danny, Danny and Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. We have a homo from Miramar. Hello.
Can you hear me? Okay, I got a question about Jimmy and Danny's situation. Yeah, Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny.
We have a more about Jimmy and Danny after this word from Valley Alons apartments, wherever you're bought and comes with its own frigid day.
Well, we got 14,5 votes on a pool and Al Gore's 20s, we had a Barack Obama. Wow. Ain't that something? It's something. Yeah, it's always something. Yeah. That's like life. It's always something. WQAM. Hello.
QAM. Hey, how you doing? Okay. How you doing? Jimmy and Danny. No, Danny and Jimmy. Exactly. Okay, I was. All right. They are so good, man. Stop Florida. Make it officially. Run out of material, baby. Can't even make it through the end of the year.
They have run out of material. Of course, that's not the new. If you said you were talking about yesterday, that happened like what about 10 years ago? Like when we came to QAM nine years ago. In fact, it's getting really close to anniversary number on QAM, December 30.
December 30, man. Am I right? Sounds right. Then we sat down there on the second floor and that potted together a studio there. What? That was something with a bunch of, we had a big jar of crazy glue in a one side.
And then a big jar of Vaseline on the other side. Greg Reed put the last one here and you can only imagine why WQAM? Hello? Yes, sir?
Will you please save me the right bright? I don't think so. Please say and that would have worse like that WQAM. Hello. That might have been her QAM.
Yes, please tell George to come out of the closet. Yeah, okay. Hey, WQAM. Hello?
The big jar of crazy glue. QAM, Vaseline line. Hello? Nobody there. But it's this as well. Maybe they slipped away. They were slipping inside. I got a really, I got a whole bunch of calls there, but you know something.
I don't, I don't want to overdo it. Right? Oh, come on now. Let's ease back into the calls, man. Let's ease back into the disease. WQAM. Hello?
Hello? Yes? Hey, I want to say hi to you. Okay, great. Give me a big kiss for me. Okay, sweetheart. WQAM. Hello?
What the hell is Boba?
Boba, Ghanouche. It's kin to Boba Lou. I wish I could read the name of this osuwits. His last name is Stana Slava, osuwits.
The rich really do own the world. A major study of wealth distribution reveals the rich is 2% on more than half of global household assets.
For those who aren't wealthy, it seems blindingly obvious that the rich own the world. Now in a first ever exhaustive study of global wealth, it's clear just how inequitably the rich is our spread around.
The rich is 2% of adults on more than a half of global household wealth. Almost all of the wealth he has lived in North America, Europe, and the richest, Asia-Pacific countries.
While previous global surveys have studied and comets the first wide ranging analization of the international distribution of wealth, the findings devalue a physical and financial assets minus liabilities.
We find there's a lot of inequality, which is what we expected, and that's not surprising, since the University of Western Ontario economist James Davies, who was co-starred our co-author of the study, co-starred.
Conducted by the Health Stinky-based World Institute for Development and Economics Research of the UN, but it turns out the world distribution of wealth assets minus debts is more unequal than the world distribution of income.
The US is the richest country with a mean wealth in the year of 2,144 grand per person, mean wealth, 144 grand. Canada's got a mean wealth of 89 grand per person.
Is that pretty mean? Lean and mean. Well, in the sense represents the ownership of capitalists studies says, while only one part of personal resources capitalists widely believe have a, this proportionate impact on household wealth being an economic success, and more broadly on economic development and growth.
The study estimates that the richest one percent of adults alone own 40 percent of global assets in 2000, and the richest ten percent of adults accounted for 85 percent of the world total.
By contrast, the bottom half of the world of the population barely owned 1 percent of global wealth. The research finds that assets of $2,200 per adult places in a household in the top half of the world wealth distribution, $2,200 per adult, even a shrunker like you can do better than that.
To be among the richest ten percent of adults in the world required 61 grand assets more than half a million was needed along the richest one percent.
The latter figure, according to the study, is surprisingly high since it represents 37 million adults and therefore far from an exclusive club.
Not surprisingly, given its massive economy surge in the size of its population, China is a rising star and accounts for 8.8 percent of the world household wealth.
Let's see, percentage breakdown of the world's wealthiest 1 percent of people. We're looking at the pieces of the pie.
Punky pie?
World's wealthiest 1 percent, US 37 percent, Germany 4 percent, Italy 4 percent. The only got Chinquanta banana, France 5 percent, Britain 6 percent, Japan 27 percent,
Second to the USA, Netherlands 2 percent, Canada only 2 percent, Schluckers, Spain 1 percent, Switzerland 1 percent, Taiwan 1 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent.
What the rich own? 1 percent of richest adults own 40 percent of total global wealth, 2 percent of the richest adults own 51 percent of the global wealth, and 5 percent of the richest adults in the world own 71 percent of global wealth, and 10 percent of richest adults own 85 percent of the total global wealth.
How do you like that?
A few people with all the money, just like me.
We're looking at the world's wealthiest 1 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the
rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10
The rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world
10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest
10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest
10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest of the world 10 percent, the rest system
in the transferring power. I'm still thinking it said how will we know when it's
that it's not. I don't know. What do you mean you don't know?
What's that? It's called. Oh, that's not it. Oh, that's a fucking
deal. That's what I should have to do. I don't know what it is. We're not going to
go posky around with it. Okay. We only got 24 minutes to go. We got so many
important calls, man. All of a sudden for some reason, unbeknownst to me, they're
lighting up like a freaking Hanukkah bush. Maybe they're taking a break from
shopping and still they're dropping, you know? I don't know. Crazy people.
But we're just like that. And you got a very good point, man. Beware of crazy
people run like a son of a bitch, run the other way. You never know, especially if
they're named as CT. WQ I am. Hello. WQ I am. Hello.
Okay. Who I am. Yes, sir. Good. No, the subject. I'm going to blow your brains out with a big, big fat elephant gun.
With a blunderbust. WQ I am. Hello. Q I N. You know, I am just going to be with
the question. The one with the guy with Mark the bird's features. That says,
please, something, play anything. Oh, yeah, Ryan. WQ I am. Hello. Q I N. Yeah, what's
that? We call line. Yes, sir. Hey, man, in honor of our elderly population down here.
Yeah, about the intervention. Don't worry. We. Okay, I got a big pile. See, I
learned my lesson Monday and last week. I learned it, especially toward the ass end of the week.
You know, you know, I knew that we're going to go back to like maybe reading like three, four
bedtime stories today and filling up the rest of the show. But he's really nifty calls.
You know, forget about that. Yeah. A famous philosopher once told me as far as any of that crap,
you know, just get it out of your mind. In fact, where the hell is it? What did he say?
Well, here's what he said. God about it. Yeah, famous philosopher. You know what I mean?
I don't know.
Unusually empty Orlando hotels, fueling states, tourism concerns. Oh, I can't understand why
just because it's one of the most boring states in the history of mankind. Why would that be?
Well, not that it's turning really cool up north. They're all going to come schlepping down
there. Despite modest tourism growth nationally, visitation of the theme park capital at underprinsed
Florida's multi-billion dollar industry seems to be sputtering. It's sputtering, baby. The
September and October hotel occupancy, according to Smith travel research, it ranked worst in
year-to-year occupancy decline among companies top 25 US destinations, excluding Las Vegas,
with a 4.6 percent drop so far. In that time, the average cost rooms has increased
9 percent just over 100 bucks. The tax collections for hotel beds were down 4.2 percent in October
from the same month in 2005 and would have likely fallen further without the increase
in room rates. The figures in out a precise measure of the industry's health, the Smith
numbers don't include Walt Disney World Hotels and neither monitors the areas increasingly
were prevalent at popular time shares. Beyond that, passenger traffic at Orlando International
Airport still on the rise of 2.9 percent and increased to 34.7 million passengers for
its physical year in October. But, seeing every one of these stories is a big fat ass
butt. The hotel barometer is dry, potentially dismal picture in a year noted for its
calm Atlantic storm season. The main explanation we have is that people use alternative forms
of lodging that there are people coming into the market that are not just staying in traditional
hotel rooms, Smith's Vice President John Free Tag said maybe people in Orlando are just
flying in to go on a cruise and they're not staying so they can go and puke their guts
out on a cruise and get E. Coli and get their wife and girlfriend raped or murdered
or both of the above or whatever. There you go, there's an idea George, take Crystal
on a cruise. Yeah, she don't like that idea. She's onto that whole scam. 1437. I mean,
you people want to waste all your vacation money going on those stupid cruise ships and
eat that nasty E. Coli, I ridden food and puke in your guts out and get in the sixth
of the point just like I felt yesterday where like somebody ripped your kishki's out of
man like somebody reached in there just tore your guts out like you just took a whole
bottle full of a rithramison. Now George never took into those really strong
antibiotics. Have you ever josh? No, not your punk. But someday, someday you'll take some
of that stuff and man, that stuff just it like scorches your guts and scorches your
kishkis man. You feel like somebody did there was a force fire in your guts and now you're
sitting there with the leftovers. It's like, oh man, somebody tore your intestines out
and your sphincter. That's tough. It is tough but you have something when you're real
surviving your bonds right back. That's the way it goes. Right, Joyce? 20 before 2 at
5.60. I mean if you have a courthouse for the mad dog at 2, don't forget about that.
The experience must make sure you know that. I don't know why he wants you to know that.
But that's what we got and nothing wrong with courthouse. He does a fine job. Oh that couldn't
really be the outcute. Yeah kid baby. Welcome back the Al Franken holiday edition of the Al Franken
Jo holiday edition. There's a little something I wrote that perhaps will amuse you as you will
so ask or jade. It is holiday related. Here it goes. It was the night before a non-denominational
holiday of your choice. And all through the White House, not a Republican was stirring,
especially after the last election when we would be hard pressed to find one. At the very
least hasn't come upon a midnight queer. Oh, joining me in the studio today is fellow
air America radio host, Rachel Maddow. Love your haircut. You're a very pretty pretty girl.
Thank you. You are a girl aren't you? Well last time I checked. So how's your show going?
Oh pretty good. It's sure a lot better than getting heckled as a bad standoff. I see you brought your
parody news intern with you. Yes that's just a field key. He's a he the one who laughs while
reading the material he wrote. A king. How about giving us a little sampling of what you do? Sure.
We are experts say a nuclear cloud could wipe us all out. But if we use Star Trek technology,
we can survive it. It shields up. Get it? Shields up. Oh god. Oh, and here's the tag. My advice is
bring extra layers. Wait, let me get the timing right. Bring extra layers. Oh, extra layers,
man. Am I funny? The stuff I write I tell you I don't know. Oh, that's you know,
with intern talent like that, it's amazing to me. Why are America isn't doing better?
Oh, absolutely. And let's not forget our inexperienced intern engineer. Of course. It just goes to show
that the current corporate concept of having inexperienced interns do everything like running an
entire radio network can. Sounds just like you I am. Wow. That Al Franken shortstein
was really cutting it. He's cutting the cheese. In fact, he's probably one farted on that
plane. 1453 votes on the podium. Favorite choice for our president in 2008. And we got a horse race.
Although Al Gore seems to be stepping away. He's stepping lightly and lively. 399 and the
Barack Obama 371. Freedom Tag Race. Here's the facts. Be listening for the past eight years.
Don't think I've ever heard you play old Neil. Old Neil. Do we have a bit called old
Neil? We have young Neil. We have no old. Why is that what they're talking about?
They're talking about. Well, you do have a bit called old Neil. No, I don't. Old. No,
absolutely do not. Well, maybe I do. Old man. Old me old Neil young. I got that.
Old me old young. Sounds also can eat you to me. You hear that?
I like that. I like that. I like that. And now live from Rijel 7. It's the Neil Roger show.
Sounds like that. Oh, I don't have that called old Neil treat us. It's no. I do not. You have it.
You might not have put it into the computer, but never the less. Oh my God. Anyway,
it says, why haven't you played old Neil? It's a phenom. Well, we're not playing it. But I'm very
a, because I haven't played that old Neil young thing a long time. It's very Canadian-aid like Neil Young.
It says, thank God for the last best of Neil CD. I've listened to it at my
Pompato Wednesdays. Oh, here's a guy that's got Pompato Wednesdays. I got Woodman Wednesdays.
Thanks for all our great years and heavy birthday, George. I know name. Come on. You can put a photo
on your name on there like, you know, Simon. I know that. Elliot. Jacob. Something like that.
1456 on the pole. 1456. Can you believe it? Here's something you may not believe when you will,
because it's America and you're familiar with what's going on. A grandmother whose conviction for
disorderly conduct was overturned by the Vermont Supreme Court will be retried according to the
County Prosecutors. She's going to be retried. Rosemary Jekowski 69, a pure conviction for
disorderly conduct and an anti-war protest at the four corners to the Supreme Court in
the four corners. She was convicted by a Vendeyton District Court, jury of intending to block traffic and
annoyed drivers while she stood in the middle of Vendeyton's business intersection. The one day criminal
trial was prosecuted by Vendeyton County State's attorney William D. Wright and former Deputy
State's attorney Daniel McMainus, Anis Manus. This record judge David Suntai presented
over the trial. According to Rikki, Kowski will face another freaking trial. If this
juncture were going forward with our case, we think the evidence was overwhelming in our
view. We think that the jury should have another opportunity to decide Ms. Jan Kowski's
guilty innocence, he said. Wright will be leading the office in January after 20 years when his
former deputy, Erica Albin-Marthage of Manchester, takes over as the state's attorney following
her election in last month. To Kowski, she was surprised that the state would spend
time experimenting to retry her. That's fascinating. I hadn't heard that she saved. I'm kind of
shocked and blown away by that. I guess he's just doing the job the way he sees it, she
saved. To Kowski, he said he doesn't fear another trial and she'll be more prepared the
second time around. I'm very willing and ready to go to trial again. It'll be much more
easy for me this time, she said while laughing, I'll have experience of being an defendant
in a criminal trial while laughing just like that. The Kowski's intent on the rest of
the mental block traffic and causing an annoyance was the main focus of the jury trial, her
intent. The state's being court overturned the jury trial, verdict ruling three to two
in favor of Jekowski. After the court found that Suntai had made mistakes during the trial,
including taking away the jury's responsibility to side her true intent. According to the
majority opinion, Suntai made a mistake by telling jurors that if they found Jekowski
knew that she would block traffic during her protest, she must have intended to block
traffic. Sounds just like that alien business all over again, don't it? Yes. Right, Suntai
and a retrial, the problem's found by the Supreme Court, would be easily avoided. The
issue that the Supreme Court has had is very easily cleared up on an amendmentally disorderly
conduct statute. He said if she was arrested March 20, 2003 during the demonstration,
protesters, including her block traffic at the intersection for about 50 minutes, Kowski
stood in the intersection praying and holding a sign during anti-war slogans and newspaper
clippings. Police officers repeatedly answered Kowski, leaving the intersection arrested
or would love another people's after they refused. The state charged them with the certainly
conduct alleged that Kowski and the others obstructed traffic with the intent to cause public
inconvenience and annoyance. She's the only person arrested that saw the jury trial. Finding
a new lawyer might be difficult to set her former attorney, who argued her case in
trial and before the Supreme Court, CityCamp represented her more because former prosecutor
Dana McManus has joined his new law firm as a defense attorney. She said she considered
representing herself. I hope that someone will come forward to represent me. It's not
a big concern or worry. She said, I think the facts are so simple and straightforward. I'd
like to tell a jury about that day and what I did. She said, only in America, baby. She's
out there protesting. Your block and traffic, Bench, you're going to jail and whatever
else, you know, fire ass. 1460 on a poll, Al Gore 402, Barack Obama. He's slacking off
a little bit. 373. The biggest name. So best talent. This is me, Rogers. The God.
I'm a criminal and a liar. I just do have a notice that people. I see you all.
I spent my spare time driving down some limits. Put them all together so they're brown.
Something easy to say like a protest animal. But I haven't grown up to make that in about 30 years.
So good man, in all dead, in all high old. I wrote my share of songs here to go.
I'm a criminal. I'm a criminal. I'm a criminal. I'm a criminal. I'm a criminal.
I'm a  Catholics, children of the Jesus Church, those deaf people that live inotta
with the call of Christ. I make the church see in Fridays, Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Saturday.
