Time for us to get out of here. Niels coming. I'm actually will see you Monday morning. Have a great weekend
It thanks for listening. Okay, we can't play any open because there are any ideas
I mean, do you mind me for a lot of deal? Is it back? No, man
That's going to turn a little music. You know it because our audio halls
Remember when we try to talk a lot of money on your whole way back to the beginning about a horror
He's warning them that it was pro-decrash
And there's your crash there time and it's a piece of crap. What do you guys know? What do you guys know about it?
It's a horror. It has two in each studio so that when one crashed and it will
That you have to have one for a backup. So that means we might not have a whole lot of spots for a little while
Might as well shut the damn thing down. Right there you
Where's good? I miss this a boring. What's better than a live radio show every morning on TV?
Well, just about anything. But that hasn't stopped him as NBC from teaming up with radio's original bad boy
Who now looks like an SDO ring. Listen Bernie! I miss! How that intern does coffee sucks!
Yes every morning see I miss listen to a tape of other people's carol
I bomb the air. I made a hammer to bite into this muffin. Not somebody that has a crash run blade. I have seen his wild behind the scenes at it.
I listen to me, dumbass. I have a big eye value on the wall where it's co-co-co-catch you and I've get me some fresh coffee or your fire.
I miss. He's irreverent. So what's the deal with the phone?
He's topical. So what's the deal with his water game? He's incoherent. I'll tell you what that's...
There's a government visit. What the hell is this?
He's five minutes and he's going and he's only on MSNBC a cable channel nobody watches and a bunch of AM radio stations.
Nobody listens to him. I'm not somebody got some fresh jangle. It's Irish!
He is a hoot. He's a real old coot and a hoot. QAM sports time is 10.01.
Don't forget tomorrow night, 10 o'clock back. Oh wait a minute. We didn't do that right. We didn't do what right.
If five, four QAM sports time check.
Oh yes, four times a 10.01.
Fall back and spring ahead. I mean if you can't remember that then you'd never been I am.
That's your radio do remember that old stupid just saying spring ahead fall back.
Set it ahead and then now on the spring and then set it back and now on the fall tomorrow night.
When you go to bed tomorrow night or you can wake up at two in the morning and turn it back to be honest.
Speaking of stupid, what are we going to stop this stupid practice once and for all?
Exactly. Can't we just stay on daylight time or all year round forever?
Let's cut the crap. Pick a time and let's make that the time.
Yeah, pick your nose. Pick your butt.
Come on night at two in the morning we turn to clock back and hour you can extra hour sleep.
Which is really good camera. Keep that in mind because that means that for a Sunday I can send
Josh an extra 50 stories.
Okay.
Of course I love an extra okay.
Show your head.
Huh?
So don't get carried away now.
Why should you do that?
It's not a stupid matter that other idea was suggesting before.
I think that was a weiner.
Speaking of weiner's Jackson's ice cream parlor and dating which is celebrating their 50th
anniversary is bringing an ice cream and weiner's for the guys today at about 1130.
That'll be 1130 sports time.
Here's our poll results from yesterday.
1616 both 1616 old bean.
Said the old queen.
Halloween is fun.
683.
That's right.
It's a little bit of fun for overgrown children and children only for little kids for 51.
A annoying 159.
Stupid 117.
A waste of time 71.
I hate this poll 55.
Witchcraft 49 and dangerous 31.
You see the way they get to be the ones that we vote which craft because remember we did this
once before years ago this same poll and a lot more people said witchcraft because that's
because I hadn't chased away the religionist back then as well as we've done now.
In fact today today's poll will be very done out for you.
Take a look at it and thanks Sean for this poll.
Sean by the way is a gaping at it.
Most of the world's problems are caused by.
There are 934 votes already.
Holy Jesus rat man.
Religious intolerance is what I voted and so did most of you.
386.
Greed 279.
Ignorance 140.
See the ignorance and the religious intolerance go hand in hand because you got to be pretty stupid
to believe the way you get to get to stories.
Oh brother.
Wow how dumb of you got to be.
Unless of course your brainwashed I mean really heavy duty when you're a child.
Usually works like a charm.
That's why it almost cracks me up a little bit if it weren't so authentic when they show
those pictures of the kids in Pakistan and Saudi Arabia all the Muslim kids you know
and they're sitting there and they're rocking back and forth and reading the Quran you know.
And of course meanwhile everybody else the Jews in the globe they're looking
for them thinking oh my god look how barbaric they are right.
Yeah yeah not like us.
Corruption 68 over-pocketation 47.
I hate this poll only 13 1.3%.
How do you like that you hit the jackpot Sean nice going just keep gaping at it.
And natural disasters Solomon Tehuno there was none and now all of a sudden finally one out of
934.
I think we can give that thousand easy by the bottom of the hour and we can go home.
All right sounds let's do it.
Friday.
So that's the poll news and the Jackson's ice cream news.
Here's some a DIY checkpoint news and George was told me that when I was in vacation
last week was it last week?
Oh it's like months ago.
I better take it out right now.
Right now we can go on vacation now see it.
But do it lazy.
The Barrett Sheriff's office when I was on vacation you were passing some of these along?
Yes I was.
And of course they do post these in accordance with the Supreme Court ruling in very teeny tiny
print right hidden on their website.
Right.
But some of our listeners are a student up to keep us up to date on this week and pass them along to you.
So don't you have to get all boozed up like Josh and then driving him night because they'll
put your ass over.
It's tonight.
The BSO DUI Task Force and Conjecture with other agencies and municipalities will conduct a DUI
checkpoint operation tonight from about 9 p.m. till 3 o'clock at a morning in the 1700
block of East Oakland Park Boulevard and Oakland Park where you don't want to be going over there
anyway dude.
Not me.
The impaired drivers will be identified and DUI laws will be actively enforced.
The information is published in compliance with a Supreme Court ruling mandating prior announcement
of selective enforcement activities.
It says that in real teeny teeny tiny print 1700 block of East Oakland Park Boulevard
and Oakland Park at 9 o'clock tonight till 3 o'clock at the morning.
The DUI Task Force will be pulling your ass over and giving you what for.
I'm going to put that over here in my pile to read again.
Then let me forget later on to read that again.
I don't forget.
Well here's a piece of assed Ciego cheese that I hadn't finished there.
I've kind of stale now.
You ever have assed Ciego cheese?
Probably.
Good stuff.
Tell me.
And then there is this that somebody sent and I don't know what to make of this about the
a website offers to fix elections for a prime.
I got too much important craft here.
Too many face to fry baby.
I have time for that crap.
We got Curtis ad hooters to this afternoon mad dogs on vacation or something.
The power hour with the Hank only between 4 and 5 because mad dog obviously ain't here.
So and then we got Humper solo 5 to 7.
Wait 10 year what we got between 7 and 10 o'clock tonight.
Oh man.
Woo.
It's a mishmash.
We got Craig Mish and guess who's on with Craig Mish.
I don't know.
Lenny.
Let me be a clue.
But it's new frequent rental program.
Hey, I guess Lenny Martez.
Mishmash Craig Mish and Len Martez 7 think there's no Panther game.
There's no anything.
Any K.
It's in the clock tonight.
Have you liked to follow three hours over Craig and Lenny?
Oh sure.
I'm sure Craig is just fine.
Is Craig any good on the year or not?
Be honest.
Oh, Josh.
Yes.
I've never heard him do a show.
I've just heard him do updates and he does a fine job and updates.
He can actually speak.
He's not like a little bit like Lenny Martez.
Well, Lenny's not a literary.
He just can't speak.
He's got a he's got a cloggle.
I mean, if I have folks who name it for really crossbeak and be honest.
And be seen worldwide, then certainly Lenny Martez can be on this horseball station, especially
on a Friday night.
Anybody who's listening to Radio on a Friday night, go out and get a life.
Would you please?
I have no life.
I'd like to think they'd be driving around to a quarter.
How was thinking the other day?
You know, since somebody went off the year at nighttime on INZ, I don't think of back
in those days on W snooze.
And actually, Alan Courtney was the one who started it.
Maybe that's why his kid Kevin Courtney when he had his weekend show there and I would
do is riffing me and ask for some.
How many people have thought that they were going to make a big career by riffing me and
ask on the area?
All of them?
Like Dickie Farkel and all of those guys.
Joey.
Oh, Joey.
Greg O.
Greg O.
Oh, yeah.
Who's claimed to fame was that he kept talking about his girlfriend's valve movements.
That was, that was, that was the number of his topic.
Fastly.
He was down here for like about five minutes and the lady broadcasted.
There's a whatever they call that organization.
Give him an award.
Does the broadcasted do you remember that?
No.
Yeah.
I don't know what that was all about.
Anyway, he wasn't on very long.
And then of course there was always the chic.
The chic of Airbnb.
He was kneeled up after that.
That's what I think was.
Oh, no.
Frank Neil, you need to better.
Anger is rabbised demand.
Boy be resurcomposed.
But there's a lot of circumcision stories this week.
You know what?
Yeah, cut the crap.
A boy on the verge of his bar mitzvah was told he was not properly circumcised and
therefore was not Jewish.
Orthodox rabbis in Sydney, Australia said he had to be resurcomposed within four days
of the ceremony, which marked the tradition of Jewish boys to adulthood at 13 couldn't
go ahead.
The boys mother, the journalist Ross Reyn said she was shocked and sickened and refused
the second circumcision.
He's undoubtedly circumcised.
It just a matter of degrees.
He said she was able to arrange the ceremony on the same day this month that a progressive
synagogue, a more liberal version of Judaism.
In other words, not as from this day.
In accordance with Jewish practice, the boy was circumcised when he was eight days old.
It was done in a hospital by a Jewish doctor in the presence of a rabbi, but obviously
he cut on a bias.
Miss Reyn's, a convert to Judaism, told the Orthodox rabbis he wouldn't contemplate
an operation under general and aesthetic four days before the ceremony.
I said, that's not an option.
They then tried to persuade my son, but even if he said he wanted to, which he didn't,
I wouldn't allow it.
Maybe if he got an infection.
It's not a good thing to say, but those people have gone mad on their power.
She said it was so hurtful to be told her son wasn't Jewish.
If he'd been in Nazi Germany, certainly would have been consigned.
He certainly would have been consigned to the ovens.
The Australian Jewish news coach, one of the rabbis, Mocha Gutnik, as saying, I wonder
if he's going to make you poop, as saying that progressive synagogue was fooling the
child in the believing he was Jewish.
And for what I would like to know is how do they know the nature of his circumcision?
You know what I'm saying?
I heard that.
Did they check it?
Get out of here.
They checked.
Rabbi Gutnik said they noticed the incomplete circumcision as they prepared to take a drop
of blood from the boy's penis to symbolize his orthodox conversion.
I never heard of that before.
Maybe that's what Mark Foley was trying to do.
They call him oil.
A ritual circumciser who confirmed he needed to be done again.
They prepared to take a drop of blood from the boy's penis to symbolize his orthodox
conversion.
Why should I never heard that one?
Although that would be a good line to use, I guess, for some people.
An elborn boy, Dr. Herschel Goldman, said yesterday, a proper circumcision required
the whole head of the penis to be revealed when erect.
Do we test that?
No, but often you can see, he said.
He said the boy was a convert which required him to be circumcised except the commandments
and take a ritual bat.
If he was already circumcised, the ritual drop of blood would be taken instead as it
happened here.
It's a tragic event.
It certainly sat for the boy and his mama too, your mama.
Oh, brother, take a drop of blood from the boy's penis.
Oh, man.
What are we talking about?
972 votes on our pool by the way for the pool watchers out there.
Very jackass discovered the summer ratings came out.
When did they come out?
A week ago today?
Yes.
Exactly.
That old Bufo Toge, him, Sarni, he hasn't discovered it yet.
And of course, very jackass, who's on the payroll probably a guy's across the street.
He doesn't recognize the fact that this show exists.
Well, there are no made-day numbers in here.
Maybe it doesn't exist.
Huh?
Maybe it doesn't exist.
Seven-eyed to the ticket, tightened the gap against WQM and the latest ratings.
Book QM made line-up changes on August 20th.
Ratings have not broken down before and after.
I got news for after they are broken down, all right.
Oh, talk about them.
But they just went on the air, those guys, neither like give them a chance for Christ's
sake.
The ticket, which has a business relationship with the Harold Berry puts in there dutifully,
led in only one time slot, 7 to 10 am with a 2.6 year among managers, 25 to 54 compared
with WQM's 2.3.
WQM had narrow leads from 2 to 4 pm and 4 to 7 pm.
He didn't tend to 2.
Doesn't exist.
Doesn't exist.
We had a 7.3.
They had a 1.1.
So if you want to compare numbers, I mean they are on the air mid-day last time.
I checked very you, Jackass, you nerd, you couch potato, you piece of crap, you-
You're fairy.
Overall, WQM ranked 13th in the market and I keyed the demographic group with a 3.2
down from 10th and a 3.5 in the spring book.
The ticket was 20th with a 1.8 up from 25th and a 1.3.
In other words, I put the new together, you got a number.
Hey, we can take a break, by the way.
We do.
We have the ability.
We have the ability to take a break.
Wouldn't you know that?
That's good to know.
Understand that when it comes to getting the spots on here, that's the one thing that
they're going to really hop two on, hop sing and hop, hop on, hop on this.
980 votes on a pool.
Once we get to a thousand, man, we're shutting this baby down and playing music.
The biggest name of all this challenge is Neil Rogers of the 2020 RTV 60.
The fuck to our Friday, you bastards.
Man, I'm a fool.
I'm a Dean of John.
Come on, let's try another stunt, we join.
Man, I'm a Dean of John.
Man, I'm a Dean of John.
He wants new stuff, he's a group that I'm a Dean of John.
Man, I'm a Dean of John.
Take a few of the thousand to votes.
Man, I'm a Dean of John.
Man, I'm a Dean of John.
Man, I'm a Dean of John.
I got caught on at the funny region again, I wasn't that was busy looking something up on the internet.
Sorry, and there you go again, that thing is it's deliberate.
I mean, obviously it's another attempt by clearance to try to screw us up and throw a monkey wrench into the work.
But not working as a clearance though.
Not working too well.
Thousand and two votes on a pool that means we can go heavy duty music rotation.
Here on QM where our sports time is 1018.
An environmental protection agency whistleblower who has long argued that an agency failed to wish your profit.
And the number of warnings about air quality of the world trade center disaster site.
As level, new accusations against the agency according to Ross story.
She said that the air is really raw and your throats get raw, your eyes are getting red and sore.
As Ross story reported this past August, Kate Jenkins, an EPA biochemist,
led to the New York congressional delegation alleging that the inconsistent official reports about in hairline alkalinity were part of an intentional cover up by government scientists and officials.
Jenkins latest 60 page document addressed to the acting inspector general of the EPA is in large part a compilation of her previous allegations but also claims to offer new evidence that criminal fraud is to blame.
And the latest report Jenkins contends that by failing to report that some of the particulates in the air can constitute a severe health hazard.
I'm wondering how do they get that drop of blood out of the boys penis?
What a knife.
Get out of here with a knife, my ass.
I'll get a long knife.
Probably with a pin, they probably have to prick it with a scalpel.
In the latest report Jenkins contends that by failing to report that some of the particulates in the air constitute a severe health hazard.
And by suppressing the results of tests for the presence of other toxic chemicals, the EPA misled the public about the dire health consequences of remaining near ground zero or participating in the cleanup effort in the days following the attack.
Tens of thousands of cases of lung disease have reportedly resulted from exposure to the smoke and pulverized debris that hovered in the vicinity of the disaster site for months after the towers collapsed.
Earlier this year, federal judge Deborah Bats ruled that the EPA director Christine Todd Whitman had misled residents and rescuers when she pronounced that the air quality of Lord Manhattan met public safety standards and assassinated neither a surgical mask nor respirator.
And now we got all those people going.
I'm dying over here.
Just like that.
109 votes on the pool.
Religious intolerance, that's what creates most of the mayhem and slaughter and problems in the world.
Hate generates hate.
That's the two things they do best.
Generate hate and make a lot of tax exempt dollars. That's what they do best.
Not that that's all they do.
Speaking of circumcision, by the way, did not I tell you we have a run on that this week on these stories?
Yeah, you did.
Lawrenceville, Georgia, an immigrant from Africa has gone on trial and charges alleging that he circumcised his two-year-old daughter with a pair of scissors to avoid bringing shame on his family.
I hope they were safety scissors.
It appears to be a groundbreaking prosecution for a case of female genital mutilation in the US that cannot be in on me, executive director of equality now, a New York-based human rights group that focuses on violence and discrimination against women and girls around the world.
Khalid Adem could face 40 years in prison.
If convicted and convicted on the charges of aggravated battery and cruelty to children, prosecutor Mary Amardi first ignores that Adem, who was born in Ethiopia, is from a culture that practices female circumcision.
But circumcision is just a nice way of saying mutilation first told the jury I and his opening statement Tuesday.
There is no doubt that she was mutilated, and this isn't something you go to a doctor and do because no doctor will do it.
He did this to his own baby.
The practice of tradition in some African cultures, I wonder if Madonna is going to circumcise that kid that she kidnapped.
I mean, that she adopted.
I don't know.
As part of the publicity stunt, maybe she'll do it herself with her teeth.
The practice of tradition in some African cultures is widely condemned by human rights groups and has been outlawed in the US since 1997.
Oh, how man.
1997 as a boy.
Yeah.
Policies have said that Adem used citizenship circumcises out in their Duluth department in 2001 to charge Madonna since he didn't discover it until more than a year later.
He did not do that. He never wanted to happen to fence attorney W. Mark Hiltle of the jury.
He will take to that.
And that only leaves two people.
The people were primarily taking care of the child, the mother and the grandmother.
Maybe they are grounded to herself.
Yeah, that's it.
First said the girl told me that county authorities that her father cut her.
The prosecutor quoted Adem as saying in late 2002 and early 2003 that if the girl were not circumcised, it would be ashamed of the family.
He said he wanted the girl to have a done social not be promiscuous first added.
He also said, Adem implied he'd already circumcised the girl.
Hiltle not Adem ever made any of those statements as to how the victim's mother could not have known for more than a year the girl was circumcised.
Hiltle said fortunate Adam, that's her name, fortunate Adam's allegations, stem from a nasty divorce and a custody battle over the girl.
How unfortunate.
That only.
Yeah, like I said, everybody can make a baby.
They're going to take any great skill.
All these people making babies, all these elunatics.
2012 votes on the pool.
We are really off to the races. Let me tell you that right now.
Oh, Swartz Creek Michigan speaking of the races.
A piste bottle with foul, foul, small and content that was found to amend bathroom at Swartz Creek High School two weeks ago.
Propted an evacuation and a visit by the bomb squad.
Not that we're in a state of panic, you understand in the country.
We're in a state of panic.
Lab results show the bottle contains spoiled milk.
The bottle had been sitting in the students locker, was left on the ledge in the bathroom.
The Flint Journal reported to, they was found October 9th.
Officials initially said they believed to contain a mix of household chemicals.
You know like those dangerous chemicals that got a mix on the plane when they got a killer, all of us.
It looks like it was chocolate milk, old spoiled and under pressure, a superintendant jet Pratt said.
Pratt said, pressure from the spoiled milk and apparently caused the bottle to expand making it look more suspicious.
Pratt said, school officials aired on the side of caution noting that possible threats can't be taken for granted.
Two police officers and three of them remembered that the bomb squad refused to go nearer to a touch and that was good enough for me, Pratt said.
Students were evacuated to the football field later dismissed.
It turns out a student to clean out his girlfriend's locker from the bottle.
Actually I left it in the back room.
Swarth's Creek Polar, or maybe they were just chugging it down some chocolate looking in the back room.
Swarth's Creek Police Chief Rick Collins, you're saying, you know, I don't want to go into it.
It's very delicate and tasteless, but there are actually some fat people who eat on the can.
You don't know that, don't you?
I've heard of this and I've seen people walking into the bathroom with food.
Oh, man.
I know there were not necessarily fat people, just people, food, beverages, etc.
Yeah, but fat people who are constantly eating see so in other words, if they want to take a tea room break, that is in the food break.
Swarth's Creek Police Chief Rick Collins, you're saying the milk was inside a clear nearly 60 ounce water bottle.
I know that after the fact makes us look on the silly side. He said that we said the kids home because of spoiled milk on the shelf.
But all the right decisions were made. He said, well of course, because the police never make a line that doesn't do them.
It always makes all the right decisions, all the time and all of these things.
Speaking of that, don't forget about that, the DUI checkpoint.
I don't want to overdo it without the radio.
Yeah, it's a public service.
That is unlike what they're doing.
Us against them, the BSO DUI Task Force and Conjunction with other agencies and municipalities conducting a DUI checkpoint operation tonight,
9 tonight till 3 o'clock tomorrow morning.
In the 1700 block of East Oakland Park Boulevard and Oakland Park and Paid Drivers will be identified and DUI laws will be actively and strictly on how to duty enforced.
Make no mistake about that.
Got it? I got it. Don't tell me you didn't warn you when they drag your ass away.
26 past 10 is our QAM sports time.
Now, what are we going to do with that? I guess you have to send me that time check thing.
Yeah, I will.
And you're not going to do it now, though.
Is that the time to tell you?
No, I'll have to play it.
Time for a QAM sports time check.
Too late hour to give it.
Yeah, I got the check.
Got the call.
It's private things.
It's private things.
You can't hear right?
Got go.
Real service.
Real saving.
It's private things.
It's Vylamatras' 30th birthday.
How many?
About 30, man.
And a celebrate, Vylamatras' and Simmons are offering the lowest price of the year on the best selling Simmons VU Duress pillow top.
You can choose from South Florida's biggest selection of Simmons VU Duress with same day delivery.
If you're finally ready for a good night's sleep, this is the thing to do.
Just sit there and reach over grab your phone, make that one easy call.
And that's all you have to do while you're struggling that ice cream down your throat.
Call 1-800-Makras and get yourself factory direct prices and award-winning service with no nonsense like I've been doing for years.
Vylamatras has a 12-month financing deal and with Vylamatras, you pick the date and time you want delivered and they take the new mattress to you any day you want.
Any time you want in the two-hour window.
Seven days a week from maybe, into 10 p.m. like noon to two, one to three, whatever you're going to be home.
Even the same day as you call. In other words, if you call right now, you can be sleeping in real serious comfort as soon as tonight.
That's why dial amatras is ranked number one in customer satisfaction.
Why all of us here are a key way of using dial amatras for a long, long time.
On the web, look up at dial amatras.com or make that easy call. Don't have to leave the house and run around town shopping.
Just called dial amatras at 1-800-Makras. 1-800-MATTRES.
Leave off the last S because it stands for Stupendous Sensational Savings.
The biggest name, the best talent, is the basis real Rodgers.
420-560-M.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Okay, I'll be helping you today.
Hey, would you please be having a producer, be a cheese.
We are having a sale on camera.
R-H-E-P. We have had a lot of many flavors.
Remember Fred, that is not pizza.
R-H-E-T-M-A-B-A.
We're having a sale on camera.
I just can't make it down, but inside I think.
Yes, it's a true info that women in fact, in a totally big company, it's not so bad.
You can play with group reactions of a group, but we don't want to drink on a movie.
We feel like our food.
Right hand is the standard of food.
Right hand is the most popular food in my history.
Right hand.
Right hand.
Right hand.
It's your excuse to be the eye-reading.
She's her age.
She's an age-reading key.
Right hand.
Right hand.
Right hand.
Right hand.
Right hand.
1032, nice head gear.
So Miss Fudge, of course, always leading the way.
You can see that that line must have been ringing off the hook this morning in the Fudge Household.
Probably scattered all them visitors.
Allen's revenge exposes under-aid sex scenes and opponents novels.
Gee.
And by the way, when I say probably scattered all of those visitors,
we're not talking about women, but at any rate, that's almost like hitting on minors.
Allen's revenge exposes under-aid sex scenes and opponents novels.
This is the big thing now.
This is their comeback for Senator McCocca with to get him back in a, you know,
in a strong, a footholder in Virginia.
And did you know that Harold Ford Jr. intended to see that he's really black?
He looks pretty light, but if you look real close to see he's like, like black mocha, very light.
Not that the Republicans would run racist ads, you understand, or that.
See, this is the thing with all of them, and they all suck.
Yeah, worse than I am.
You're black.
Now you're redneck.
Now you're right in this skinny sexy novel.
Zero full aircraft.
You're pervert.
Well, you're a fake.
What are you going to do for America, huh?
Nothing.
Speaking of doing nothing for America, here's your president.
President Bush signed a bill yesterday authorizing the construction of that fence along a third
of the 2100 mile U.S. border with Mexico, but missing from the legislation is a way to pay for it.
Only a third?
A third of the border.
Well, I'm sure that Lou Dobbs will be there covering the other two thirds.
He's big enough to do it.
He's going to lay down.
Unfortunately, the U.S. has not been in complete control of its borders for decades.
And therefore, illegal immigration has been on the rise before signing the mission of White House's Roosevelt Room.
Our nation's in nation of immigrants were also in nation of law.
He said, I think I'll be a bit of a bit of a move, but about the secure fence act of 2006 is one of the first steps of a tougher illegal immigration policy
touted by Republicans that signing comes 12 days before these potentially pivotal midterm elections.
Now just eat 11 days away.
Count them.
It also comes today after a CNN poll indicates Americans prefer the idea of more border patrol agents to a 700 mile fence.
So more Americans want the border patrol agents, and of course that's why Bush is going to do the fence.
And of course it covers almost a third of that border.
Yeah, do you know that little stuff?
Though Congress overwhelming the approved the bill last month, and of course it'll be a really good project for Halibut and her backtell in one of those companies.
Wouldn't you think?
I would really good money maker for them.
I would have a big old fence.
Though Congress overwhelming the approved the bill last month, European leaders waited till Tuesday to take it to Bush's desk because they wanted a public signing closer to the election day.
Oh, not that they would politicize that issue, you understand, or any other issue.
Court plan.
Bush posted yesterday of other strides in immigration policy, including increasing border security funding from $4.6 billion in 2001 to 10.4 billion this year,
and upping the number of border patrol agents from 9,000 to 12,000.
By the end of his presidency, Bush said there will be 18,000 border patrol agents.
Also thousands of beds will be added at detention facilities for illegal immigrants, so border patrol agents can catch and release in our southern border.
Bush said so they can end the catch and release.
Do you get that? They can end it.
I got it. They're going to get in the end.
Since Bush took the oral office, the U.S. has gotten deported more than six million people entering the country legally.
Oh, Lou Dobbs, but she is panning herself on the back. They didn't enough.
They secure fence act builds on this progress. The president said explaining that in addition to the fence,
the bill provides for the use of advanced technology such as cameras, satellites, unmanned aerial vehicles,
and of course, probably a bunch of sacked on two-gift drone in there as well.
When you think about some landlines.
Oh, there's a couple of...
There's a couple of airs.
How about some cluster bombs?
That's all right.
Hmm.
Because...
1557 votes on the poll today. Our goal is, uh, 2050.
Most of the world's problems are caused by religious intolerance, 441.
Amen. I say amen to that.
Greed, 317.
What is Arnold on MSNBC, picture of Arnold?
You know why they like him so much because he's Arnold?
Yeah.
And if you ever noticed that he was talking yesterday about...
He's giving his condolences for the firefighters that died fighting those wildfires out there.
And he always is the same. He's always just Arnold.
He's like he's on the set of a movie or something.
Yeah.
May I see you, Anita?
Just like that, you know?
By the way, it always has the same kind of illiterate sound.
I apologize.
Right.
By the way, the ice cream is here.
Really? The ice cream from Jackson's is there in Daniel.
My tongue is going rapidly.
Let me just quickly finish reading the poll.
Look at that poll in California's governor's race.
He's 18 points ahead of Philangelides because he's Arnold.
Not because he was a good governor.
Or because he's intelligent or is articulate.
When first, and he started really adopting some pretty middle of the road...
Oh, boy.
Maybe the...
That's him.
Most of the roads problems are caused by Arnold, I think, or people of both form.
Religious in tolerance, 446, read 317, ignorance 159, speaking of Arnold.
Ignorance.
Corruption 73 overpopulation 51.
I hate this poll only 16.1.5%.
That's awfully low for our picky crowd out there.
And natural disasters still sold to Anto Uno.
One. Only one.
Only one vote on that thing.
She quite a banana though. 50 bananas.
The CIA tried to persuade Germany to silence EU protest about the human rights record of Unamarca's key allies.
And it's claimed that the Western Torture Flights program, according to the Guardian,
UNI, British Guardian, and the Independent.
How much do they charge for those torture flights?
About 30, man.
According to a secret intelligence, believe me, I've been on some flights that were torture.
I guarantee you that.
According to a secret intelligence report, the CIA offered led Germany to have access to one of its citizens
and Alcatas suspecting Hilton and Moroccan's cell.
Oh, let's go to Morocco. What do you say?
No.
Just joking.
But the US secret agent demanded that in return, Berlin should cooperate and avert pressure from EU over human rights abuses in that North African country.
The report described that Morocco was a valuable partner in the fight against terrorism.
The classified documents prepared for the German Parliament last February may clear that Berlin did eventually get to see the detained suspect
who was arrested in Morocco in 2002, as then led to organize during the September 11 strikes.
He was flown from Morocco to Syria on another rendition flight.
Syria offered access to the prisoner on the condition that charges were dropped against Syrian intelligence agents in Germany,
accused of threatening Syrian dissidents.
Germany dropped the charges but did not have any link.
It was just a coincidence.
After the CIA offered a deal that Germany, EU countries had opted in almost universal policy of down-time criticism of human rights records in countries
where terrorist suspects have been held.
They've also silenced questions about secrets the CIA flights partly because of growing evidence of their complicity.
There's no torture going on, you understand?
In fact, they're only doing things to them to make them beg to be water-borted.
Right.
Water-bording my ass.
I was never chance to do before you become...
I didn't know that the duty that they boarded the bath, I didn't understand.
I think the Orthodox Jews are very much like some of these other Genskis.
I didn't pay that much attention to what they were talking about.
What are you talking about?
I beg your pardon?
Everybody ripped them off.
Now I know that.
You mean like having all those babies? Is that one of the deals?
That's one of them.
Be a fruit and multiply.
You know what they said?
20 to 11.
You didn't play that to a jingle.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Sorry.
It's time for a Q&A for the J.
20 to 4 out of this Q&A sports time.
We got Curtis at Hooters at 2 this afternoon.
And then the Humper for a three-soul hours, we apologize being got no ball game.
We got no hockey game.
Panthers lost in Jersey last night because they always lose to the devils.
Virtually always.
So we apologize for that.
I apologize.
But no hockey game tonight.
The Panthers are about to be out on the other tomorrow night.
We'll have that game.
Any interest?
Oh.
And also we got the Hurricanes in Georgia Tech.
Is Georgia Tech any good, Josh?
Yeah, they're very good.
They are?
Yeah.
Oh, that would be another Hurricanes lost coming up then.
Oh, no.
Woo!
One thing we know the dolphins won't lose this weekend because they ain't planned.
But they'll double up on the lost total when they play the Bears in Chicago next weekend.
Ooh, boy.
Let me tell you now about a fantastic thing that's going on over at Loopback Road,
where I've been doing business for over 20 years.
It's the race to a thousand.
For the first time in their history, Loopback Road Chevy wants to sell a thousand cars in one month.
And they're just a few days left in the month to do it.
So if you want to take advantage of the better than ever savings right now,
it's the time to get over there.
They've got the biggest selection of new and used cars including those hot new Corvette's.
It's like a dream.
It's like just like living a dream when you're driving a car.
Take it from me.
Trucks SUVs minivan, the biggest selection anywhere, they've also got used cars
starting at just $3,995 bucks.
Every single one of them back by a car fast guarantee.
Don't forget now, Loopback Road's have to sell a thousand cars this month.
And in order to do that, they're staying open till midnight every night.
Forget the price.
Make them an offer and they'll beat any deal.
More money for your trade.
They give you a 0% financing.
Rebates up to $6,000.
Whatever it takes to get that deal done.
Only at Loopback Road Chevy with two locations for either in Pompo-no Beach.
A quarter mile west of I-95 look for that gigantic American flag waving in the breeze.
Or a coconut creek on 441 just out of the Sawgrass Expressway.
Don't forget they're staying open till midnight every night.
So go to Loopback Road Chevy right now for the best deal on a Chevy you've ever had in your life.
Or check them on the web at Loopback Road, B-A-C-H-R-O-D-T.
Loopbackroad.com.
The biggest name of the best talent for the basis.
The Royal Rochester 42560-U-A-M.
Does G Gordon-Liddy and they don't come any worse than Neil Roger of Loopback tonight.
On the inside of behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story.
They may be the most obscure, mysterious man in the history of popular music.
Who were the Beatles?
They are on a rebel ocean.
Well you know.
Unfortunately, this rare recording is all we have of a band.
We believe was called The Beatles.
Roger Stoyen, Nathan, I don't know what in you.
Who were they?
How can we ever buy CDs of some of the songs they supposedly recorded?
What kind of impact did they have on popular music?
Sadly, we may never know.
It's frustrating for my colleagues in music history.
Well come on.
I mean there's nothing on these guys.
Nothing on film.
Nothing on tape.
No audio.
I mean they've never had any books written about them.
Crikey, where do you even start?
Recent studies have reportedly concluded that The Beatles, if that really was their name,
came from somewhere outside America.
But where?
Eh, possibly Norway or the Balkans.
And it was had reports they were from some place called Livermore.
Yeah, but that's in freaking California.
So if anybody's guess.
Only one other fragment.
Recently unearthed by a BBC researcher provides a hint.
This tantalizing snippet is from a piece of discarded audio tape
at a 1968 recording session somewhere in Europe.
What a yoko!
Get out there, yoko!
Just off.
Sadly, no one knows what a yoko is.
The Beatles, with no use of information on them anywhere, especially on the internet.
We may never know why they matter.
As opposed to the Rolling Stones, it no longer matter but only says tantalizing anyway.
It's a big, juicy, sobbing, wet look at show business.
Tonight, on inside the mind.
10.47, how's the ice cream coming?
Oh, it's great.
I'm on round two.
I want it to be breing.
Everything.
Tubs and tubs of every flavor imaginable.
Really?
If I just grabbed me a Tupper Rocky road and I'm nursing it.
Yeah, I said you know.
I hit the rocker, I believe now.
Don't do it.
I gotta go to the supermarket right now.
Give me a half a gallon.
Don't do it.
I gotta get a big jug.
Let's see, what's this thing?
What is this craft that's being fastened to me right now?
Are you doing this?
I'm back to the craft right now.
I'm going to the street team this Sunday from noon to two at Lou Backroach Everlay located 1801 West Atlantic Boulevard in Pombo Beach.
Stop by to spend the wheel for prizes and say hi to Josh.
Oh, well, I'm glad to do what promote that.
Because it's for Lou Backroach number one and number two.
Josh is going to go make a few extra bucks I hope.
That's right.
They got him on the street.
Maybe I'll test drive of that or something.
Are you part of the street team?
I guess so.
I think he is the street team.
Oh, now what is this thing?
Dirt on Charlie Chris Gate.
It says Charlie Chris and his sweet 16 friend.
WMRS colleague.
Intrepid Florida Investigative Journalist.
I'm not going to read this.
Okay.
I did not see WMRS the website.
There's a period there.
WMRS colleague.
Intrepid Florida Investigative Journalist John Keller of Insider magazine.
Comes on cover and says,
you people of the material candidate Charlie Chris maintained a gay relationship
of a 16 year old male 10 years ago.
Oh no.
Chris born July 24th 1956 is 50 years old.
His one time partner born in 1979 is now 26.
Chris twice Florida Attorney General was able to hide his personal details
under Patriot Acton Sparge Shield Laws,
to sign a protect law enforcement officers allegedly lived with his young partner,
Kondo at one beach drive in St. Petersburg.
Oh no.
Don't tell me that Charlie likes him young too.
You ferry.
After Chris allegedly ended the relationship with the young man after he decided to seek our orifice,
Chris decided to claim as his legal residence the one time shared address with his partner
on his federal income tax return.
However, when he lived with his partner,
Chris in order to avoid detection claimed the address of his parents in St. Petersburg as his legal residence.
WMR has also, oh this is Wayne Madison report.
Well that's okay.
We've been reading stuff from them, right?
I have.
Right.
WMR is on your busy eating ice cream.
Sorry.
I have to pay your attention when I'm talking about if I had all that good stuff to,
plus don't let me forget I got to do this a promo for the 50th anniversary of Jackson's.
Alright, don't forget.
WMR is also learned that a number of gay Republican kingprins in Florida's media
have on behalf of the Chris campaign, interceded with editors and publishers
to prevent any news coverage or investigation of Chris alternative lifestyle.
In fact, many of Florida's leading newspapers have endorsed Chris.
Well, I mean the fact that he is a, that's so shouldn't describe a fine,
but the fact that he may or may not have been living with a 16 year old boy,
that might be something that voters might be interested on the election day.
Or if he may think.
Yeah, the hypocrite to say the release,
that's the thing that pisses people off.
There's all these anti-gate crusaders always railing about the eagles
and their against gay marriage and against gayness,
and they come to find out that they're Ed Diddlin, little boys alleged.
How do you like that?
Well, haven't I told you for years that Mark Foley was gay and Charlie Christo gay?
I know that because I know people who know them, man.
I know my, my, my, my, Queens, no argument.
713 people are friends on our, myspace.com page.
Is that pretty good?
I have no idea what constitutes good.
Well, that's good for you on that, myspace.
Most people, individuals don't have that many.
Well, anyone has good for you.
Do you know the way he said that?
Well, you're an older guy, you know?
It's not, myspace is out of the demographic.
It's domestic.
Right.
Or demo, so I say that's pretty damn good.
I'd say it was pretty good for me.
Well, I sure like the way he said that, man.
Me too.
I heard it.
I heard it.
Let me see.
What year is it going to be when that checkbook comes loose again for you?
Oh, brother.
I think he just dug himself a whole halfway to China.
So, like I said, join the street team this Sunday.
Josh was supposed to be there, but he'll be busy in Beijing by Sunday.
What a goofball.
No, you're right.
That is pretty good for a show like this is what you're trying to say.
For a funny video show that's here to old people.
Usually only like really popular rock bands and whatnot.
Have that many.
Get out of here.
Rock bands, they got 700.
They got thousands, man.
They got Zillion, who were saying it.
They got friends up the Jackson's annual anniversary celebration
should be held on Saturday, November 18th, 7 to 10 p.m.
is their major fundraising event for Joe to measure his children's hospital.
Last year they raised over 10 grand.
The recently completed pediatric emergency care facility includes a treatment room sponsored by Jackson's.
But I sure hope they're not like loading up the kids with a lot of ice cream.
Just kidding.
Just relaxed.
This year's anniversary celebration features a musical and video retrospective look at Jackson's
through the decades.
50 years in town.
Holy moly.
That's even longer than yours truly, by a long shot.
I've been there many a time, man.
And when you go to Jackson's, that's when you're really going to pick out.
You're going to get one big concoctions in a huge bowl, like in a bucket.
So if you're dieting, just say to hell with it and go get a bucket.
Musical celebrity entertainers will be on hand to help us rock the night away.
It says other activities at the anniversary celebration include a sound reduction in raffle,
sponsored by dozens of local businesses and the sale of food and soft drinks,
from which all proceeds benefit Joe to manage your children's hospitals.
Jackson's continuous fundraising throughout the year by providing your cash donation site inside the restaurant.
Jackson's restaurant in Daniel on Federal Highway.
You can't beat it with a stickman if you're in ice game.
I didn't know they also had other kinds of food.
They brought weenies for you today.
Well, I assume we're going to get some cooked ones, but yeah, we got some bags of weenies in here.
What do you mean by that?
Raw weenies?
I assume they're like longer than your arm.
Well, what I would do is I would take like a pin and stick it in there and see if like,
give the draft a blow out of here.
117 votes on the pool.
We got 1107.
It's not even 11 o'clock yet.
Man, we are doing phenomenal things here on this.
It used to be great radio station.
QAM non-sports time is 1053.
See, too, can play that game.
What is with you?
Would you just eat the ice cream and shut up?
You're starting to get, is he getting like a bird now?
Pretty soon it's going to be a little...
Yeah.
Yeah.
Bush administration efforts.
By the way, we're bringing Pharrell back doing morning starting on Monday.
Scott, Pharrell's coming back.
Now.
When that be something, when that be a hoot?
I wonder how that man cow things coming around at men radio.
Bush administration effort.
How did they get that?
I still...
I just...
In the shower this morning, I was shaking my head.
I was mainly going to get the body wash out of my mind, the shampoo off my head.
Bush administration efforts to infiltrate Mr. Rector, regulate and pollute the Internet with Neocon propaganda,
as well as their openly stated agenda to target American bloggers as terrorists,
is now being aped by the British government across the pond, as well as other major European countries.
And by the way, speaking of closet queen, Ms. Fudge, who now are you kidding, huh?
Who are you kidding?
Are you kidding anybody anymore?
You're like the Tom Cruise of the Internet, Ms. Fudge.
God.
Just a total sellout.
Just sold his soul to the company store like Tennessee or any Ford said.
I know you don't have that either.
You load 16 tons.
Home Secretary John Reed, you better have some more ice cream.
It sounds like you need something smooth going down here.
Home Secretary John Reed met with ministers from the six largest European Union companies,
and according to a BBC report, agreed to work together to make the Internet a more hostile place for terrorists.
How will they accomplish this?
By initiating a crackdown on people who use the Internet to spread what they call propaganda,
which means whatever the hell they wanted to me.
It says the very website you're reading now would be considered propaganda by these neo-fascists,
no matter the fact that the criminal syndicates Bush and Blair front four are the most deceitful progenitors of Louis propaganda since the third Reich.
The Fudge also claims to use the Internet of the Media and the Target Young audiences
with state-approved indoctrination PR spin on how the war on terror is really not about Imperial Hedger and Germany in crushing liberties at home.
Reed himself is no stranger to the strong armed tactics of despots, a former hardcore stone,
a smevably Scottish communist party, and an alcoholic bully with a penchant for thumping people in the face.
He could also become the next prime minister, it says here.
Those brits man, they give me the schmitz.
The British government's paranoid fear of anyone spreading propaganda that could compete with its own is perhaps one of the reasons
why they outlawed the right to protest under the 2005 Sirius and Organized Crime Act.
Now brits are willing to allow the protest against the government with the government's permission.
Right, we protest what we can't. Why? Because we said so.
The fact that the US government demaded access to the Google search queries around 150 million Internet active Americans under the umbrella of NSA Eavesdropping program proves that the elite are deliriously nervous about the last remaining outpost of freedom and its potential to influence change.
In addition to European Union has moved to completely regulate Internet freedom.
The first step is the introduction of licensing laws where you would be required to register, pay tax, and only receive permission to operate a website.
If your material didn't violate the broad ranging hate speech laws, legislated by the EU, in which criticizing you itself is deemed hate speech.
How do you like that? I don't.
So what they do, man, they're going to get to us. We better talk real, real fast. QAM non-sports time is...
Occasionally funded by the British city of Munich, appulated by the recovery of the British attacking police in Eph tiefi as planned by the federal government.
For a report about a recent fraud case called Georgia, the NHS Asian anthem request to insert my request in adott b Wait a minute please.
Personally, the flags on the performances of the Pacific refusing to submitted officials and the individual watery-pi Staunf nurading, processed by Melanie Grinstein.
The biggest name has been
a project that she found for AIDS orphans.
But it's just for the star and I have some guy which he argued with, David Bander.
Maybe that has been confusion with the name Donna.
Donna is colloquial for ritual and Madonna, the star.
I still have things I want to do.
There's no one to say.
You know, people want to hear it, then that's great.
When two more are easy overnight, the material girl she wants again,
who's from another nation.
Her guy felt that it was right since Brad and Angelina when they gave her inspiration.
I've always felt that my kids are around the world.
They ride just the other day, shopping for a kid and spending money like a vacation.
The guy turned her head to say, if there's one he's waiting just for you.
It's on the pitch that one of the worlds richest superstars has adopted.
13 month old boy.
They make a lot of money on a plane.
They do.
Little babies and my musty-go are crazy.
We do.
I'm a South-of-the-Foreign, down in Africa.
When two more are easy, down in South-name, the special thing.
Take a look at this man.
The Broward Palm Beach New Times says, Christ denies trists.
And how much he's pissed.
You see this?
No.
Article by Bob Norman.
He says a young rising star on the Republican Party is boasted to witnesses of his sexual relationship with Charlie Christ,
the frontrunner of Florida Governor's race who has repeatedly denied that he is gay.
The GOP staffer, 21-year-old Jason Weatherington told friends at separate social functions in August,
that he had sex with Christ according to two credible and independent sources who were weathering to make the claim first hand, so to speak.
Weatherington, who recently worked as a field director for US Senate candidate, Catherine Harris,
and currently works for state representative Ellen Bagnonovus,
by Bagvin-Oss, whatever her name is, Re-election campaign.
Also named a man whom he said is Christ's long-term partner, a convicted thief named Bruce Carlton Jordan,
who also recently worked for Harrison and long-term Long Shot Senate bid.
Jordan made headlines recently when the hero learned that the felon was working as Harris's travel aide.
The newspaper noted that Jordan 42 was reported to be close friends with Charlie Christ,
whom he convinced to attend an annual Florida funeral director's association meeting in 2003,
Jordan, which charged in 2003 with stealing thousands of dollars from two organizations for which he worked,
including the telehacie-based Florida funeral director's association,
where he served as executive director.
He completed a 60-day jail sentence in February, and will be on probation until year 2011,
according to state records.
When the mommy hero of question Christ about Jordan this past,
August the frontrunner of the governor's race told the newspaper, he doesn't remember the man.
I don't know who Bruce Jordan is, he said at the time, it doesn't mean I haven't met him.
I don't know who you're speaking about.
I asked Christ during a phone interview on Monday morning if he had ever had sex with Jordan writes,
who wrote this guy, Bob Norman?
No, I don't recall the name, he said.
That Christ doesn't remember Jordan seemed incredible to me,
not only did the Attorney General make a special appearance at the funeral director's conference,
but former presence of the association said Jordan was known to be pals with Christ pals.
Attempts to each Jordan weren't successful, but his father told me that Christ and his son are friends.
He talks about Christ, but I don't think he's seen Charlie and a Wilson Albert Jordan,
who lives in Inverness, where he and his wife raised their son.
When asked if his son and Christ had a sexual relationship, the father said simply, not as far as I know.
Are we counted some of those facts with Christ?
I'm not saying I haven't met him, I probably have, he said, I just can't picture him, that's all.
I'll say...
I also ask him about Weatherington's claim, the sources that he had sex with Christ.
That's ridiculous, he said, completely false, than I estimate if he'd ever in his life had sex with a man.
Never, he said.
While there's no proof that Weatherington and what he said is true, it's clear that he said it.
I first learned about his claims after receiving an anonymous email October 6th,
the email was linked to a 2003 story of mine reporting that now this phrase Congressman Mark Foley was,
why don't you do the same story for another hugely visible photo politician running for office,
call it if you want a starting point.
Immediately I knew the email was referring to Charlie Gay, Christ.
For years it's been rumored that Christ, the favorite to move into the governor's mansion after November 7th election, is gay.
I was interested in pursuing Lee mainly because I've come to believe that any closeted politician in the Republican Party,
which openly woozed homophobes into what's ranked while opposing gay rights, is fair game for the media.
Christ for his part has been moderate on those issues and supports civil unions.
I may live and let live kind of guy he told me.
But the Palm Beach Post reported on Friday last Friday that Christ can be heard in recently recorded phone calls,
targeting voters saying, I support a constitutional amendment to protect traditional marriages,
and I oppose adoption by gay couples.
I asked him about that and he said he's always held those positions.
I asked him if he thought it was fair for reporters to ask him about his own sexuality.
Of course it's fair he said, it just happens to be wrong.
Many people are convinced that Christ is telling the truth.
I am one of them, especially after reporting on this column.
The source behind the email that I said I'm not revealed his name for fear of attribution is a gay man.
It registered an independent voter in a former Republican who was involved in Democratic Party politics.
It was motivated to tell a story he says by his outrage at the Foley scandal.
He recounted a dinner party of four people at a friend's posh waterfront home in Las Olas Isles.
He didn't remember the exact date but it took place in early August.
He was there with his friend, his friend's partner in Weatheringman.
His friend struck up a sexual relationship with Weatherington after meeting him in an AOL chat room.
Weatherington spoke about the party about working for Catherine Harris' campaign.
To make this was significant since Harris is a stalwart of the religious right and openly denounces homosexuality.
Weatherington even took a call from Harris after they sat down for cocktails before dinner.
He was like Harris's gay valet, the source said.
Kind of like Miss Pudge is to Richard Mellon's escape in the Republican Party.
As they sit there during stations started talking about his relationship with Christ, which he said had been sexual in nature.
Charlie Christ, are you kidding the source of my recessing?
Maybe he says, Jesus Christ, are you kidding?
Maybe that's what he believes in.
They asked Jason about the size of Christ and Adam.
Jason wouldn't go there, said the source.
He says that he remains friendly with Christ.
He was expecting an appointment when Christ becomes governor.
How do you like that?
All these rumors swirling around the Charlie Christ gr-
Gris for the middle of Christ is gay.
I don't believe it.
Not.
I'm 140 votes on a pool.
I think we got a shot at 12 by 12.
Would that be good?
That'd be something.
Lighthouse political, oh and by the way, speaking of that, and the reason that these are important stories,
we're going to do it.
Oh yeah, GOP moves fast to reignite the issue of gay marriage.
I guess it better shove that in-in line now.
But your hypocrites is what you are phonies and hypocrites just like Miss Foley.
The Velvet Mafia, man.
It's unbelievable.
It's amazing.
Although you know when you think back to like Joe McCarthy and Gaye and Drahover, maybe it's not someone
who believe it will act at all.
And Miss Fudge and Laura Engram and the Ann Coder, man Coder.
Sure.
And Condon Leesley.
Right.
And Ken Melman, the chairman of the National Republican Party, who everybody knows is gay.
The divisive debate over gay marriage would play a prominent role in the 2004 campaigns,
but this year largely faded from view.
It erupted a new yesterday.
As President Bush and Republicans across the country tried to use a court-ruling in New Jersey
to rally the spirit of conservatives to the polls.
Get them maggots.
That's what it's all about.
They got to find something to get those good religious stuff out there.
Wednesday's ruling in which the New Jersey Supreme Court decided that gay couples are entitled
to the same legal rights and financial benefits as heterosexual couples had immediate ripple effects,
that's not nipple effects, ripple effects, especially in center races and some of the eight states
where voters are considering constitutional amendments to band-game marriage.
President Bush put a spotlight on the issue while campaigning in Iowa, which does not have a proposal on the ballot.
When the Republican House candidate Jeff Langbirdy by his side, Mr. Bush, who hasn't been talking about gay marriage in recent weeks,
took pains to insert a reference into his stump speech, warning that Democrats would raise taxes in America America less safe.
Yesterday in New Jersey, we had another activist court-issue ruling that raises doubts about the Institute of Marriage, Mr. Bush said,
and luncheon at the Iowa State Fairgrounds that raised 400 grand for Mr. Langbirdy.
The president who was a clause when he reiterated his long-held stance at marriage was a union between a man and a woman adding,
I believe it's a sacred institution that's critical to the health of our society and the well-being of families
and it must be defended, he be saying.
So that's what they got, that's pretty much all they got.
And now, first they got Jim Webb, they're in Virginia who wrote those salacious books, those novels.
Thank God that the vice president's wife didn't do that, maybe it doesn't ever gay daughter.
That's he didn't write those steamy, steamy, lesbian novels.
149 votes on the pool, most of the world's problems are caused by religious intolerance 487,
which ties red to this whole thing right now. Who do we hate today? Who's the skate-code?
Who can we use to Bible to hurl invectives at?
You know, I like that.
What? You're an exorcist in personation.
No, it was not in personation, it was just gay naturally.
Most of the world's problems caused by religious intolerance by a bunch of lunatic getskies 487,
Greed 340, ignorance 167.
And oh my God, there's so much of that going around.
Dumb, dumb dumb people.
Corruption 84 overpopulation 54, I hate this poll only 16, 1.3%. That's mighty low.
And natural disasters still only one.
Probably somebody like God like, still got a blue tarp on his roof from Wilma.
When you think somebody's got like a personal astagrime.
I don't blame them. I mean, not a lot of people went to a lot of tourists with that, including me.
I spent a lot of money to put all the pieces back together.
In the George. Poor George, man.
Look at that.
Always got that big bonus coming.
Yeah, that'll take care of all the damage.
In fact, if I were you, I would like to invest that.
I put it under my pillow. I put it away in a safe somewhere because it's probably last one we're going to see in a long time.
I just had that feeling. I don't know why.
You mean you're not really confident that Joe Bellis put together a really, no.
No. Now that one trend, you know, one month, that didn't mean anything.
We're just getting started already. You're peeing on their parade there.
I'm recording and the big ol' and all these guys just because you hate sports like poison.
You're a, you know, a panty waste.
Mm-hmm. Yeah, that's it.
Isn't that what it is? Sure.
I mean, what kind of a real man doesn't like sports?
I don't just like sports. I don't want to watch other people do it and then talk about it all day.
Yeah, seemingly enjoying how everything went, even having a chuckle at his defenses expense.
That's some may have been complaining about ice time.
Here's Danny Heatley after a hat trick.
All right, Danny Heatley had trick.
His auto-abit to leaf-slice night, seven to two.
It could have been 700 to two if they really wanted to put the pedal to the metal because of the leaf-stock.
And the panthers lost too nothing in Jersey.
See, here's all the sports talk for your clearance.
Little sports talk. He interjects just a little teeny tiny bit of a man.
It can't be all bad. You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, I can.
Presenting the word gets around all over town.
They're talking sports on the y'all show now.
And we're safe to go back.
QAM, non-sports time, by the way, is 11-13.
The biggest name, so the guy's fortunate to be a system, real Rodgers, sports radio fighter.
QAM, the biggest name, the best talent, takes the Kenny and Vogue Morning Show.
Is it ever going to end with U.M.?
We have 19,000 TVs in here.
And 18,999 have all the U.M. stuff.
And we've got the Spanish change channel on the TV.
For I do.
You have to go to watch.
You don't have to speak that language to know that language.
We call that the language of look at that guns on her.
Man, oh man.
QAM, 4205-16-QAM.
4205-16-QAM.
There's another half.
It's ever getting paid. It's a little more low.
Spine and man, easily.
He won't share with Stanley.
Stand the guy, remain him.
Spine, he won't give him a cut. Look out.
He's to his fireman.
His secrets, no, he's not.
Cause the game is getting worse.
What movie made 400 new?
That makes Stanley feel so ill. That's why.
He's to his fireman.
And the TV is a biggest double time.
But the game's Stanley.
Not one second time.
Spine and man, here's the plan.
Get all the lawyers that you can.
Give your best to delay.
Maybe Sam will pass away.
Come on.
The hope they withstands idea.
He shouldn't work for free.
She paid him Spiderman.
Spiderman.
Spiderman, I can't stop singing it all.
It's your fault.
I know.
How's the ice cream coming in?
It's all gone.
Well, it's all put in the fridge.
I mean, I'm not going to eat a whole tub in one sitting like some people I know.
Hey.
Are you all done?
Oh, I, I, I, I, I, I, for now.
I'm a, oh, Josh, a whole tub.
I'll go back at it.
Woo!
This could have been the neo-raggers death shot.
That guy, that guy, that guy called him that time.
He wants to go to one of my funeral.
It was going to be because he had this his hobby.
It's ending fealers of famous celebrities.
That was one of the classic calls.
You know, when you come right down to it, the bridge tender.
You know, tell us about the great cause you've had over the years.
There was the bridge tender and the chronic from lutes.
Well, that's two.
Yeah, and how many years?
About three, man.
That's why it's, you know, just a waste of time.
You know what I mean?
I mean, I could punch the thing up right now.
And if anybody, they, they don't call anymore, do they?
I can't tell.
There's a line ring in here.
That's who it is.
What, what's who it is?
The chronic from lutes?
Yeah.
Somebody QIM.
No, huh?
And I reached right over and shut the amount of drop again.
White House political hit, Hansjo Carl Rowe was interviewed by National Public Radio yesterday.
He affected, he affected, he affected, he announced plans to steal the coming elections.
The polls point decisively to a democratic majority in the house and possibly in the Senate,
a row told NPR, he was certain of Republican majorities in both houses and gave laughable reasons for his claim.
Rope had no actual evidence to point to.
Now this could be seen as the obsessive lying of a political hack or not for the fact that Rowe's party has stolen elections in 2000, 2002 and 2004,
and has recently increased dramatically the opportunities for election fraud with new machines, new ID requirements, new purging techniques,
and already begun dirty tricks and number of states, including machine fallups already in Maryland, Virginia, Texas, Illinois, and the US military.
Rope's strategy is clear to steer the elections and put forth a paper thin excuse to justify it, one he hopes the corporate media will again accept.
How do we know that Rowe's strategy, that's Rowe's strategy because he announced yesterday on NPR, that's got the transcript in the story.
But nevertheless, not that they would do that you understand, not that America would sit by.
What is that anxious, oh god, who is that?
I believe in my heart.
It's not baby you can, is it?
I got that. We're going to pick up that Maryland, see with Michael Steele.
Let me ask you something.
That Mary Madeline.
That Virginia, that is one of those three.
These southern seats, which Republicans do have to hold on to two of the three in order to hold on to the Senate.
Of course, as you know, there's a big controversy that's a reddit.
I can't tell them if I'm warning you.
You advise Senator George out.
You all look so butch, you know.
It looks like Canadian women, real macho.
Molly Ivens writes a campaign of sleeve.
She says even by Limbaugh standards, recent attack on Michael Day Fox in several levels, lower than tacky.
It's a race to the bottom Molly says for misinformation and cruelty, not to mention plain old redful manners.
It's so hard to beat Rush Limbaugh.
We can only measure the great blowhard against himself.
Even by Limbaugh standards, his recent attack on Michael Day Fox, the actor is several levels lower than tacky.
Fox-wise Parkinson's disease has done some political ads favoring candidates who in turn support stem cell research.
He's exaggerating the effects of the disease, Limbaugh told his listeners.
He's moving all about and shaking and it's purely an act.
This is really shameless of Michael Day Fox.
If we didn't take his medication or he's acting, this is the only time ever seen Michael Day Fox portray any of the symptoms of the disease he has.
The reaction from Parkinson's experts was swift and angry.
It's a shameless statement to John Rogers of Parkinson's action that works.
It's insulting it's a politely sad at best.
So then Limbaugh, big hearted guy, says while still on the year in the same broadcast.
Now people are telling me they've seen Michael Day Fox in interviews and he disappear in the same way the interviews as he does in his commercial.
All right, then I stand corrected.
So I'll bigly, hugely admit that I was wrong and will apologize to Michael Day Fox if I'm wrongly characterized his behavior in his commercial as an act.
Then Limbaugh went on to say Michael Day Fox is allowing his illness to be exploited and in the process is shilling for a democratic politician.
Exploiting his disease by pushing for a cure, gee, I never thought of that.
You think the late Christopher Reeve was faking it? Is Nancy Reagan exploiting her late husband?
If that isn't discussing enough, let's take a look at that new ad that was running against her old four junior in Tennessee and the US center race.
You can fight it on the internet and I think even you'll be amazed.
The answer is together a series of ridiculous positions like Canada can take care of North Korea and a stacked blonde claiming she met for it at a Playboy party.
Harold Callmys, she coos.
The NAACP and other groups popped up immediately and pointed out that the barbellicious blonde raises the old racist scare tactic about black men and white women.
I thought the whole ad was racist.
Let's make fun of how dumb the cune is in other words.
Ford's been a member of Congress for nine years and is well respected in his party.
The ad is attributantly Republican national committee which now just owns it.
That's an outcome from Ken Melman, who used his time at the White House to do favors for clients to jack Abramov.
I don't think there is any Republican party anymore.
You know what it is?
That's a big club you moron.
I noticed a cylinder talking point Molly says and used again with the right wing punditry United as one of their dismissal of represented Nancy Pelosi is among the most disliked in Congress.
Otherwise, rather obviously she's more than usually popular within her own party.
One way to dismiss her is to call her a San Francisco Democrat which I suppose she means she's not prejudiced against Gays.
But with representatives folding in Colby and the news it's not a good year for Republicans to take that line of attack.
And elsewhere former FDA chief Lester Crawford resigned to much after his confirmation has just played a guilty to hiding his ownership and food and drug companies regulated by his agency.
I realize it's difficult to keep up with a degree of Republican sleaze around these days.
But I did like President Bush's celebration of National Character Council week.
He went to Pennsylvania to support Representative Don Sherwood who's been sued for repeatedly beating his mistress.
I'll ride.
Maybe she had a coming.
Yeah, she had a coming.
The bitch had a coming.
A lot of 167 votes on a poll.
Boy, is a damn good thing.
That I'm out there to enjoy all that delicious ice cream from Jackson's ice cream parlor and Dana.
Hi, who I speak of that last story.
Michael J. Fox, responding to criticism by the obnoxious blowhard Rush Limbaugh.
Fox defended his appearance in that political campaign and saying he wasn't acting or off his medication.
In fact, at the time he was overmedicated for his Parkinson's disease.
He said, yeah, but you're always over medicated and now that you got all that ice cream in your own.
You're gonna be right.
You're gonna be popping around like Rumble Stiltskin.
He starts jumping around on a countertop. Don't get nervous, John.
Let's shoot him.
The irony is that I was too medicated.
I was this kinesic.
This kinesic, Fox told Katie Couric because the thing about being symptomatic is that it's not comfortable.
No one wants to be symptomatic. It's like being hit with a hammer.
He was this kinesic.
His body visibly racked by tremors, Fox appears in a political ad.
Touting Missouri Democratic Senate candidate Claire McCaskel stands in favor of embryonic stem cell research.
That prompted Limbaugh to speculate that Fox was either off his medication or acting.
And Rosh knows his medication, baby.
Fox told Couric at this point now, if I don't take medication, I wouldn't be able to speak.
He said he appeared in the ad only to advance his cause and that disease is a nonpartisan problem that requires a bipartisan solution.
I don't really care about politics, Fox added.
We want to appeal the voters to elect the people who are gonna give us a margin so we can't be vetoed again.
Like they were last time by your anxious president who continues pandering to the flat earth crowd.
There's geskies, those lunatics who have no rock monists for anybody.
So the flat earth crowd is running America, a gay club, a bunch of closet queens.
They see me stop.
See what I'm saying about dumb people?
The terminator, man, all of a sudden he's so popular once again.
Is it because he's been a great governor?
No.
Is it because he's gonna IQ larger than his, no.
1160, seven will have 12 at noon.
What that'd be great?
It will be.
12 at noon.
I bet you they're having like special meetings across the street wondering what they can do to hurt us next,
because they would do anything to kill us.
That's what you'll find, we said, and his daddy.
They could drop that sports mask.
I beg your pardon?
If they wanted to hurt us, they could drop that sports format and become a real box station.
If we wanted to hurt them, we could drop that.
Well, that's not going to start it again.
You're one no Charlie, man.
All you do is bitch about sport.
It's a sports show.
From the one that says that.
Experience the difference at Mercedes Ben.
And this is the right spot.
Oh, it's a card either spot.
It's a Gary Surnas.
What are we going to do about him anyway?
He is about as clueless as the day is long.
Although he is orthodox, if I were you, you know, that machete you got on the counter there,
I would see if he could get a drop of blood from his privates for that.
No thanks.
In fact, maybe get like a bottle of gel, maybe give up pint, you know.
Let me say it again.
Luke Backrochewi has been doing it for me for over 20 years now,
but all of my corvettes from them.
And believe you me, when you do business there, you can't beat the salespeople.
They're a selection of vehicles, the service they give you after the sale.
Always take great care of me and they'll give you that same fantastic treatment.
And right now it's Luke Backrochewi's race to a thousand for the first time in their history.
They've got the biggest selection new and used cars including those hot new corvettes,
trucks SUVs and minibans, and they've also got a lot of great used cars starting at just $39.95,
every single one of them backed by a car fax guarantee.
Luke Backrochewi is out to sell a thousand cars this month,
and they're staying open till midnight every night to get that done, to get to that one thousand.
Forget about price, make them an offer and they'll beat any deal.
More money for your trade-winning for you, 0% financing,
rebates up to 6 grand, whatever it takes to put you in a fantastic new Chevy or great used car.
Only at Luke Backrochewi with two locations for you,
they're in Palmito, Beach, a quarter mile west of I-95, and a coconut creek on 441 just south of the sawgrass.
And don't forget they're staying open till midnight now until the end of the month,
which is just a few days.
So if you want one of those unbeatable deals, now's the time to get your ass in there.
Or check them on the web at lubackroch.com.
And don't forget you're in the street team this Sunday,
new into two at Luke Backrochewi, at 1801, western-94 rod in Palmito Beach.
Stop by to spin the wheel, her prizes, and say hi to Josh.
Or just put Josh up on the wheel and give him a spin.
The biggest name, so best challenge to the best is wheel Rogers,
440-560 issue A.L.
It's that throughout Friday, you bastards.
And Joe, thank you for calling the October Fest hotline.
Do not go to October Fest, because it's really stupid and it's really lame.
And the people there are all drunk.
And the only people with no self-respect dance, chicken dance, and bear is fattening.
And mead-hosen is like so wack.
And the people there, they all smell funny and sour-crout.
And if you dance and make you fart and aim wack, or it makes you smell like bratwurst.
But you know, if you want to come down to our top of fest and be around a bunch of fat smelly drunk people wearing lead-ahosen, dance around my chicken, then you go ride a head girl, you go.
Alright, I'm on my way.
27-Dolune, now Brent Podowsky on the smirkling chimps says,
Ken Melman-Demines Gays, Rarch Limba, Ridiculous Perkinsons, R.N.C. Goes Racist,
and Ann Caltor calls 911 Widow's Harpies. He says if he are fed up with his garbage, go to Act Blue and do something about it.
The sick thing about George W. Bush is that unlike any president who has ever come before him, he has injected vomit, hate, and slander into the heart of our democracy and is put under attack the very character of the American people.
But George W. Bush has done, has nothing less than a direct attack on the very notion that America is a melting pot.
He strikes at the core of who we are as a country, and he demeans the soul of what we stand for as a people.
Now the Republican National Committee, he runs, has used the money he raised to buy ads that are openly racist and bigoted in the state of Tennessee.
George W. Bush wants more hate in the state of Tennessee, and he wants people to vote on their hate.
If you want to stop this, go to ActBlue.com and do something about it.
R.S. Limba goes on the erasant demeans the courageous actor with sick, emitted, and vile physical ridicule of his Parkinson's disease.
Is there anything these people will not stoop to? If you want to put a stop to this, go to Act Blue and do something about it.
Ken Melman humiliates himself on George W. Bush's behalf by using the money of major oil companies to buy ads that play on hatred toward gays.
This is like a moral role in attacking smokers.
The gay Republicans in the dark of night feel any shame in humiliation that they're playing the politics of hate against others who have the same preference as them.
The great triumph of George W. Bush is not merely that he demeans the character of our country by playing the politics of hate, but that he bullies and intimidates and motivates those in his party who are prone to strung for power or frighten silly by fear to try to humiliate not only others,
but he humiliates themselves.
Brave men and women died with their bodies buried in ditches and their corpses resting and bombed out churches who gave their lives for the right to vote.
But George W. Bush inspires an African-American secretary, state Noel Hyle, to try to strip the right away to vote from African Americans deserving of his trust.
America's land of tolerance and dignity, but George W. Bush inspires gay Republicans to participate in the demeaning of gay Americans to play the politics of intolerance in the name of Christ, or that Christ.
If you're fed up with this, go to act blue and do something about it.
And colder, the trailer park trash of American politics, following the tactics of the trailer park trash of the American presidency, slanders, ridicules, and demeans, even the widows of 9-11 heroes in the present new promise to bring honor and integrity to Washington, lack the honor and integrity to tell them to stop.
The entire Republican National Convention in 2004 and planned view of the nation ridiculed and demeaned even the purple heart itself by handing out purple heart toys while those who never served in our military mocked and ridiculed those who received wounds on the battlefields of valor and honor.
In the state of Washington, Jefferson Madison and Republican Senator not only uses a word of bigotry, but with a condescending smirk and smile points to an American of a different color and says, welcome to the real America is, through the land of red, white, and blue only as though the land of red, white, and blue only belongs to those who are white.
As in Makakawitz, is there anything they won't do to win, go to act blue and do something about it.
What is happening here is not merely partisan politics, it's not merely negative campaigning, it's not only opposition research, what is unprecedented in the history of the American presidency is that a national leader organizes a direct attack on the content of the American character.
If you want to vote for us because your anti-black, he says, vote for us because your anti-gay here is.
What was that again? Oh, if you want vote for us because your anti-black vote for us because your anti-gay.
America once had a president who let his band of brothers and the great war after his vote sank in the Pacific and then wrote a book called Profiles in Courage.
We now have a president who dresses up in military costume to claim the mission is accomplished and then what it is not tries to make Americans feel afraid, timid and fearful is the ordination of cowards and whims.
Whoever heard of a commander achieve who tries to make our people feel cowardly, yet this is a direct attack on the content of the American character.
Vote for us they say because you don't like blacks or gays. Vote for us they say because the 9-11 widows are harpies.
If that doesn't work vote for us they say because we want you to be afraid.
If you're cut up with this go to act blue and do something about it. Hate your neighbor and be afraid that's what they're lurked with.
What kind of commander in chief does this? The man is interviewed by Brian Williams and asks what sacrifice he calls on people to make a time of war.
And having once that they should go shopping he now says they pay taxes which he's dramatically cut for those who have the most.
What president in history has ever cut taxes while our troops are a major combat? What commander in chief has ever said our young man and woman to war in love 70% of the casualties we preventable because of his own ignorance and neglect and unconcerned?
Understand what he is saying because this is a direct attack on the content of the American character. What he's really saying is this.
We will send our young man and women to give their lives for our country but I'll give you more money for yourselves. This is the kind of people he believes we are. This is the kind of country he wants us to be.
Don't give our troops everything they need is what he does but I'll give you money is what he says.
Divide our neighbors against each other is what he does and hate those who are different is what he says and as they become more desperate even the code is gone from the words.
Make Americans the enemies of each other is what he does and fear the world around you is what he says.
If it helps to win make fun of Parkinson's disease ridicule the widows of 9-11. Bring more prejudice and bigotry to the land.
The mean the purple heart to attack your enemies even if they were awarded medals for valor and in truth if they were awarded medals for valor that's reason to attack them some more in the sick brand new brand of partisanship that's poisoned their politics.
Even when the Republican Congress commits child abuse against underwraged pages covered up protect the guilty attack your enemies and endanger the children and hope the American people are so lower their standards that they get away even with this.
Bring fear to the land bring anger to our politics bring division work communities bring more brigadier to our nation rub it raw and use it harshly and do anything to win.
This is nothing more than a direct attack on the character of our country. This is nothing less than an attempt to lower the standards of the character of our people go to act blue dot com and stop it.
Stop it stop with the ice cream. Now you know what I did during the break you wasn't bought some ice cream.
Yeah right. Oh look at that here's a picture of South Park animated picture of our art color lending Charlie Christ out of the closet.
Right let's get that on our website right away. Oh it's got the link on it here and here's the picture right here. Well I attended and our Kelly is sure busy I sure hope we don't bust a cap in his head.
Now what I did is I saw an ad on TV there for 1 800 popcorn okay is that the website anyways Dale Thomas popcorn and it had the number on there anyway the website and it says on here welcome to the free popcorn month of Dale and Thomas popcorn and it's got all the and it showed them drizzling all this chocolate the other on the popcorn it made me just swear.
Dreamy dreamy chocolate drizzled corn peanut butter in my chocolate drizzled corn chocolate chunk and caramel and cinnamon cream drizzled corn and they're all pictured right here and you can order a two pack free today or a one bag free today if you don't want to overdo it you want to overload I should probably shouldn't have I shouldn't give that out I don't think I gave the right website anyway.
No that's 1 800 this oh 1 800 popcorn dot com but I didn't say that okay I want to be bad influence 1 800 popcorn dot com and you know our free loaders out there's person in South Florida anything for free we got free popcorn with all kinds of stuff smeared on it come send me a couple of free bags and sure a bunch of crap on it.
I'm not even that crazy about popcorn with but like with all that good stuff drizzled on it after you talking about those goopy ice cream delights from Jackson's yell your fault.
I know says all by the way Richard says you can also find a face picture of the 21 year old Jason W not too bad.
Hey Richard you fairy I bet you know which Richard this is.
Well there's so many of my three out so many Richard's and so little time.
The biggest name of the best talent of all is wheelrodgers sports radio 560s you am.
Why the you best if you feel depressed are you sick of the Miami dolphins do you want something a little exciting for a change.
I'm not.
It's a football game a boxing man and a right all wrapped up in one even all it knows is the down with the cars.
I'm talking about you come with the house you should get your behind you don't come in the home all the pain that's up your cross your cross the ocean over there.
You can call out.
I was up the other day.
So you want real entertainment check out the Miami Harvard chair and say right baby.
Oh that was the end of that.
Apparently excuse me 14 to do it at 560 WQM I was a stolen grossed in all this gross stuff on the internet.
Well that's all that's all about I mean nobody's got any issues you know the republicans are screwing right and then I'm a crazy bad no answers or alternatives to as a result I'll do in just something about your crap at each other.
All of you pay out kind of may attack oil interest in the Persian Gulf to tax and it's been known for some time.
That's that's a risk throughout the region they have targeted oil facilities both in and outside the Persian Gulf area they point well let us know when they do it.
In an interview on Washington Post Radio this morning Jim Webb the Democratic candidate for US Senate in Virginia said excerpts of his novels are a little bit inappropriate to be read on news radio.
What about on sports radio?
Oh there's anything goes.
Fuck.
Different story right?
Sure.
I don't know why you're reading that on WTOP Mark told host Webtold host Mark Plakkin I think it's a little bit inappropriate.
Plak was reading an excerpt from Webtold something to die for in which Web describes a female stripper performing sexual acts with a banana.
Just one not cheap quite the banana.
I don't think that's appropriate for to read on WTOP Web site again is Plakkin finished the excerpt.
Washington Post Radio is WTOP's sister station sister.
The campaign Republican Senator George Allen yesterday released excerpts from some of the war novels where I wrote between 1978 and 2002.
The books include some graphic sexual passages I almost said packages as well as frequent uses of racial slur for blacks and descriptions of Vietnamese women as monkey faced.
Among the excerpts is a scene from the 2002 novel Lost Soldiers in which a man embraces his four-year-old son and places the boy's penis in his mouth.
Web said the release of the excerpts was a curl rope campaign tactic and a classic example of the way the campaign is worked.
It's smear after smear he said.
They're smear in him.
He defended his fiction as Illuminative.
Are you finding it Illuminative?
Finding it something.
Hold on a minute.
I chopped you right off.
Sorry.
I must have been active guy.
Heal God!
I was so whipped up about that story.
It's not a sexual act Web co-plotkin regarding Lost Soldiers excerpt.
I actually saw this happen in a slum in Bangkok when I was there as a journalist.
The duty of a writer is to illuminate his surroundings he added.
Coincidentally, a Cambodian woman in Las Vegas is facing sexual assault charges for performing a similar act on her young son.
According to an October 14 report in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a journal.
The article quotes an office manager for the Cambodian Association of America who described the act as a son of respect or love.
Well, I would certainly go along with that.
It's an exception, Thawis Ray told the review journal of the practice.
According to the report the act is usually performed by a mother or caretaker when a child who is one year older younger.
In Web's novel, the child is four years old.
Web criticized the Alan campaign for focusing on excerpts from his novels.
The most important issue facing the country, he hasn't got a statement to make on a website of the War in Iraq.
This country has been breaking into pieces economically. They've got no position on that.
They're just trying to turn the tables now and find some crap that he wrote.
I think they both suck. I think both candidates are pathetic.
Okay.
Although Makakawitz, he's kind of in a class of his own.
I think he's going to win though. That's the bad news.
Makakawitz doing things like that only helps him there.
What's the smear and smear? Sure.
Calling people Makaka.
In Virginia? Sure.
By the way, Makaka in whatever language that is in Sudan, it's the N word.
How about that?
I just mentioned that in passing.
Not that any of our people are going to be voting in the Virginia elections, but I just mentioned that in passing.
I think we have anybody listening on the internet in Virginia?
No.
1232 votes though.
So we already have well passed that in 12th noon. God, I was lowballing it.
Can I say that?
You just did.
Speaking of lowballing life, the message is left by legislator Ralph Arzon, a colleague's cell phone,
cursed him and used a racial epithet.
Remember we had this story there a little bit about it?
Here's a little bit more from your friends at the Harold.
Have any friends at the Harold? No.
A second caller made explicit threats.
And then it says, warning the story and accompanying audio contain objectionable language that somebody find offensive.
In a convoy that betrayed just a hint of inebriation and anger, state representative Ralph Arzon left a 22nd message on the cell phone of his mother.
He was a colleague, but Gus Barerro, sometime after 8 o'clock last Saturday night.
Hey, bitch, said Arzon, who Barerro had just accused of using racial slurs in a formal complaint.
You're nothing but a bitch. You're a bitch. You're nothing but a bitch. God bless you, bitch.
Sometime later in a voice, just a little bit less calm, Arzon left a second message.
Hey, bitch, you ain't nothing but a bitch. You ain't nothing but a bitch, brother, my nigger.
Then the message is got scary.
And as yet identified man, soon enough, three more recordings in English and Spanish,
that mixed a string of graphic compound exporters and threats that troubled Barerro a Republican like Arzon.
Barerro was from Miami Beach. Arzon is in Miami Lakes.
What you are is a big snitch rhymes with bitch. The second caller, his voice growling and rising in intensity said,
I'm gonna get you. He was growling.
Like that.
And with those words began a political spectacle of law and state criminal investigation in internal legislative probe.
Racial strife in legislature and a concerted effort to oust Arzon.
The immediate political consequence, shaking unity of Florida's U.O.P. just as Arzon's friend,
Miami representative Marco Rubio is less than a month away from becoming the first Cuban-American leader of the Florida House,
which threatens to divide along tense partisan lines. It's tense.
Maybe some of these people ought to be living in tense city.
Florida's Democrats, who hold only a third of the seats in the state house,
said in a sharp resolution Wednesday that refugees sit in the same chamber as Arzon,
who Democrats have accused of acting like a foul mouth bully.
Rubio is asked Arzon to step down, but it's been rebuffed.
Phantasy governor, Jambush refused to go that far, saying only that Arzon has a problem.
Arzon has blamed alcohol. Oh, there we go again, just like Miss Foley.
Blamed alcohol and angrily management programs for his efforts on the messages obtained by the hero yesterday.
See, Josh, have you ever had any problems with the station just blaming on the booze? Got it? Got it?
When currents turns on you like a cornered rat?
Within two hours of learning in the situation, Rubio said he contacted minority leader Dan Gilbert,
Miami Beach, as well as represented Dorothy Bendross, Minigale, a leader in the Black Caucus,
to say he would at least disqualify Arzon from a leadership post.
The first two messages were inappropriate comments between colleagues.
It's an assessment Ralph Arzon shares, Rubio said.
He used the term in the second message that is inappropriate and unbecoming.
The N word. In other messages, I don't know who they are.
The obviously were much stronger and more troubling.
Where he was growing. I'm going to get you.
Fading to persuade Arzon to leave, House Speaker Alan Benzlons to fast-track inquiry in Arzon's behavior
and expects to decide within a week whether this discipline him,
punishment could include reprimand, censure or expulsion.
The latter option records a two-thirds vote of the House, no chance.
The only member of the House to have been expelled from the chamber,
Walton County Representative Ebert Riddle, accused of sending indecent messages
to a 12-year-old female house page in 1961,
Riddle, a teacher in evangelical singer.
Oh, of course. It's been time to be on bars after he was accused
of inappropriately touching a 13-year-old girl at his Christian school.
Oh, hallelujah! Oh, God, that's good.
Yesterday, a group of GOP leaders crossed off,
Arzon emailed condemning his use of racial slurgeon, urging him to resign.
We expect no we demand a greater level of integrity
and respect from our elected officials to the email signed by among others.
Broad Republican executive committee chairs, Carol and Kennedy
and Levi Williams and Andre Categan, chairman of the Black and Public and Klub of Palm Beach County.
Black Republican Klub, my ass. That's like the log cabin Republicans.
It's called, oh, we have a death wish.
Your actions and those who may share your views will not be tolerated
by those of us who represent our communities, say the statement.
But Arzon's problems run deeper than the disapproval of his peers.
State and local police are examining whether the message is violent,
civil state laws that have been threatening, tampering with the retaliating against witnesses.
Barrairo, whose own term is nearly over-erred,
is to walk away from office voluntarily
and withdraw from November's re-election campaign.
Just walk away.
I'm hoping that Ralph understands the bigger picture Barrairo said yesterday
there is no legislator more important than the seat they represent.
Arzon's troubles began earlier this year
and Barrairo disclosed that Arzon referred to date schools
to a superintendent-ruby crew with a racial empathet,
the N-word, crew later filed a formal complaint in the House,
but it was dismissed because the school chief did not hear Arzon himself.
Barrairo filed his own complaint last week saying he did hear the message
in which Arzon used the N-word and brought shame to the Florida House.
A story about the complaint was published in the Hill Saturday morning,
which we talked about Monday, and a paraproision of poetry.
They're all calling each other names, and this one used the N-word,
and this one is Makakawitz, and this one is Gay, and this one is whatever.
These are America's politicians working hard.
Hard is hell to solve the problems for which your tax dollars are just being squeezed out of your ass.
Airv, nickel, airv, now. It's a shakedown as what it is.
And what it boils down to?
Sounds good to me.
I mean, I pay one hell of a lot of taxes you can imagine.
When I think of what they're using my tax dollars for,
so that we can have all these human sacrifices there,
and they're wrecking all over the world, and Afghanistan.
It's worth it.
Not to mention killing all these innocent people who we were.
And what did I tell you at the beginning of this graph?
It's called Emancipation by Elimination.
We're going to frame from life.
You can't be much freer if you're totally free from existence.
Total freedom.
250 votes on the poll, man.
I bet you're in programming.
You're sitting around having big meetings about this.
I bet your clearance has got his feet up there on Joe's desk.
The biggest name.
Look up there.
That's the challenge.
The best thing is that every 500 of you are in the right 60s.
You kill on a piece.
This is Coach Dineshuler.
And I sound like Bob Hope on acid.
And I want to tell you, it's the 12-door now or whatever it is.
I'm going to tell you.
My Annie has the dolphins, and here we go again.
Another losing season that's never gone and they never win.
They never will.
And I will never know why sports have a straight-ed victim.
The winners who were fallen there, the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teams in the league?
Who did you?
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
The same old story nothing new.
The dolphins are such losers.
They really aren't quite lame.
I knew it from the fair restart.
I watched a fit's work game and did you see the wimpy way?
Mixed saving through that flag standing on the sidelines.
He looked just like a fag in there.
Who fair?
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teams in the league?
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
They're problems, sick, they're them like glue.
The dolphins want the football and then the Tennessee.
It's only five years long that they pulled out of the street.
And then they played the Texans.
It almost made me sick.
That's two-fifth, two-point passway.
That bumbling on site kicked in there.
The Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teams in the league?
How many so?
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Oh, and the morning needs to shoot.
The dolphins can't control the ball.
They're running, game is flat.
As for their execution.
Well, I'd agree with that.
They're always gonna flow a lead of that.
You can be sure.
And when they lead the field.
So has a stench of common.
Or a narrative.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teams in the league?
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Give them another shot of boo.
Oh, no, stop.
But dolphins have no strategy.
They play like idiots.
Another couple games.
What's two of the favorite flingets?
I think they're all retarded.
It's almost like their curse.
S.K. St. Taylor and S.K. Thomas.
Which team is the worst?
And they'll say Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
What the hell?
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Now there's room.
NBC will take it.
The DC Chase movie shot up and say.
Really like that.
All right.
It's a discouraging the president of Bush.
Whatever the hell, you know.
Too bad.
What is your girlfriend's story?
She would support a gay marriage law in New York.
Now, Senator Clinton had supported civil unions but has not before fully supported gay marriage.
Right.
That's this way.
We'll see what she's going to say next week about it.
David Moore writes, election night from hell, a fair and balanced Fox News question mark.
Ten years ago this month, Fox News began broadcasting by touting itself as fair and balanced.
In the intervening decade, the matter was becoming a move of Orwellian's speak as the network
again and again demonstrates that it is the Bush administration what proud it was to the Soviet Union or
the United States.
The next president of the US, in fact, the vote count at the top of the projection showed the election was too close to call.
And all the networks eventually rescinded their calls but not before Al Gore called Bush to concede.
Later, Gore called back to unconcede but that flip flop was leveraged by Republicans and conservative media to create a hostile political environment in Florida which ultimately proved fatal to Gore's efforts to get a full and honest
hand recount in the state.
A post election analysis by a consortium of media outlets show that had such a recompaned conductive, Gore wanted one Florida and the presidency by anywhere from 42 to 171 votes.
Fox's rule in the Ms. Call was pernicious because it was prompted not by a careful analysis of vote data but by Georgia's brother,
Fat Ask Governor, Jeb Bush, who persuaded his cousin at Fox News, John Ellis, to make the call.
Ellis was the head of the network selection and decision team, the group responsible for analyzing election data provided to each network by the now-deconced voter news service, VNS,
and for deciding whether the network should project a winner in each state.
Earlier in the evening, all the networks had projected Gore the winner in Florida but they retracted their projections within two hours.
At the time, it wasn't clear that whoever won Florida would win the presidency and little damage was done to either candidate by that Ms. Call.
By 215 in the morning, however, the presidential race had boiled down to Florida and the vote count at the time to had Bush leading Gore by a half a percentage point.
By any reasonable standard the network should have held off making a projection and at 215 none of the networks had made a call.
Although Fox News was about to do so, each network decision team was looking at the data provided by VNS and while the vote paid a period favorable to Bush, no one could be sure that by the end of the vote count Bush would still prevail.
In fact, a separate count by the Associated Press showed Bush's margin declining precipitously reaffirming that the election was simply too close to call.
In that context, John Ellis who had just taken the call from his cousin Fat As-Jab excitedly announced it was a decision team.
Jaby says we got it. Jaby says we got it.
A minute later Fox projected George W. Bush the winner in Florida, the next president of the U.S. say,
At that very moment that Fox made the call to Bush's behest, Sheldon Gayweiser, NBC's decision team leader was on the phone with Murray Elderman, VNS Editorial Director.
Gayweiser had made up his mind to call the election, wanted to discuss a possible call with Edelman as the person responsible for providing all the election data.
Edelman was stunned at NBC My Call of Race.
A few days earlier he had sent a memo to all the numbers warning them that typically at the end of election night there are large errors in the vote count and recommending that the network speak cautious and making projections.
When Goss Gawweiser suggested that NBC was considering Call for Bush, the first thing Edelman asked was, did you read my memo?
Unfortunately, Fox's projection was announced just as this exchange took place and Gayweiser broke off the phone call with Edelman saying,
sorry I got a goage, Fox just called it. A minute later NBC projected Bush the winner in Florida and the next president.
I was with the co-leaders of the joint decision team for CBS and CNN, Moore Matowski and Joelinsky.
By the time Fox made its announcement, Matowski and Lensky were also considering calling the race, but they were constrained by the closeness of the count.
Indeed an hour earlier when I asked Matowski why he didn't call Florida race for Bush, given Bush's lead he asked me,
you want to call the president of the US on the basis of 30,000 votes? Right now Bush leads by 65,000 votes in a three in the morning he likely have a 30,000 vote margin.
Are you comfortable with that? I'm not. Vote counts are not 100% sure. Some end of the vote night vote counts are off at least a point.
The counts are reported by the media and they make mistakes. At one point potential error represented about 60,000 votes in Florida and at 250 in the most favorable projections suggested Bush might end up with a 30,000 vote lead, barely half a point.
So when Fox made the call at 2.16 in the morning, the CBS and CNN decision team did not follow.
Matowski said Fox has an agenda, don't forget. But a minute later when some of the decision were announced at NBC had made the call, Matowski immediately said, we'll call it too.
The ABC decision team didn't want to make the call, not trusting the data, but according to John Blidenberg, a consultant with the network that evening,
a network executive overrode the decision team and also predicted Bush to win her in order to avoid looking foolish as the only network not to recognize Bush as the next president day.
It's clear from the offense following Fox is called that it works all jumped onto the Bush band wagon despite the closeness of the data in a competitive rush not to be last or at least not to look foolish.
The official post election before for CNN prepared by outside reviewers blasted the networks by no terminal on election day 2000 television news organization states a collective drag race.
On the credit highway of democracy, recklessly endangering the electoral process, the political life of their country and their own credibility.
All of the networks deserve blame for their actions, but the Fox case is especially interesting.
Many commentators expressed astonishment that Fox would hire a person so closely related to one of the two principal candidates to head its decision desk.
More over Ellis had explicitly recognized his own bias the year before when he was a communist for the Boston Globe.
He explained in a July 3 1999 op-ed column that he had a stop writing about the 2000 presidential campaign because I'm loyal to my cousin governor George Bush.
I put that loyalty head of my world. Anyone outside my immediate family. He said there's no way for you to know if I'm telling you the truth about George W Bush's presidential campaign because in my case, my loyalty goes to him and not to you.
You're opening up a soda? No. Okay. Why? I sounded like it.
Opening up a soda? Should have sounded like something like you were popping a tag. I was moving papers around. Okay. I see. Shop Mr. Smarty pants and crack in my knuckles. Oh, don't do that. You'll get Arthur right.
This was an obvious admittedly massive conflict of interest for Ellis, which Fox never acknowledged.
Matowski invented exit polls for the in the 60s and developed the election night protection system. The networks were using that night.
Characterized Ellis's actions conferring with his cousins while heading to the Fox decision desk as the most unprofessional election I've worked I could ever imagine.
He had no business talking to the Bush brothers or to any other politician about what he was doing. He says we got it.
The decision teams were supposed to be analyzing data not getting advice from politicians about when to call a race and surely not from somebody so closely related to one of the candidates.
For this thing is really long. You know what? I'm going to interject right now. I want to finish it. Good because you know, this is where it all started with the first election.
Then we had no solutions in 2004 and then of course in Ohio beyond any shadow of a doubt. And what do we have in response about your Wimpy Democrats?
The biggest name of the best talent. This is Neil Rogers for 20560.
Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you, baby.
Thank you.
Thank you, baby.
Thank you.
Dr. Shoes Gammal over any other kind of cigarettes.
Gammal.
Gammal.
All right, you.
There's no way he's going to die.
You don't know who I want.
Boy, no.
You sure he's the best.
I don't need underwear.
Say, oh, hello, mine.
Can you load an old buddy a couple of dollars?
After what you did to me?
He's such a...
What do you mean?
I treated you like a son.
Why, you remember when I took you to the Royal Castle on your plate, baby?
Yeah. That was back when a hamburger was sent dead.
How can I forget?
Your next, sir.
Can I help you?
I'll have one hamburger.
Yeah, for the boy.
Yeah, Kelly.
It's your plate, baby.
How many hamburgers do you want?
Oh, have 10.
10.
Yes, he just came over here.
10 hamburgers, he says.
Give me a hamburger as well.
Get him a cap.
Smell it.
And some more.
You want 20?
20 more than 20.
You have some more.
Yeah, I remember all too well, though.
10.
You remember me, boy.
10.
All right, all right.
Break it up.
Who's this man you're beating up on?
It's no how he's doing.
Oh, carry on.
Carry on.
Do a good job.
Probably 18 at 560 WQM, that's our non-sports time.
Here's a thanks from a faithfulist who says, could you please announce her a thanks to me
working at a company, the article, Neal Redd, which said to go to contact at blue.com.
The article was from the Smirking Chimp, okay?
Ken Melman, D. Means Gays, Wreslin, Boa, Ridgfuel, Parkances, R.N.C. goes racist and
Kodakall's 911 windows of what was Harpies by Brent Badawski.
Did I answer the question?
I think he did.
Talk about it on your website, too.
I met him.
It's today's story, so it'll be under tomorrow.
If Josh gets it done, Chris, I'm sure he will.
I always get it done.
He always gets it done.
As a matter of fact, in order to help the audience out there, get a lot more stories on our website.
Anyway, this article that I'm in the midst of reading now that you're interrupting with your
laughter and kaka rye.
David W. Moore, who wrote this, he's author of How to Steel in Election, the inside story
of how George Bush's brother and Fox Network, Miss Call the 2000 election, and changed the
course of history.
That's who he is.
Because I'm not always really good at that, and telling us, well, yeah, I'm a really other
people stuff, because they're a lot smarter than I am, and they got a lot more to say than
I ever would about this crap, you know?
That's why I read this stuff.
As opposed to you, who just stood there and, uh, iraccurate for four hours.
Right, well, I got those great calls, too.
Hey!
After congressional hearing on February 14, 2000, one of the networks we're called to explain what
happened on Election Night, the most notable testimony for its sheer cheek came from Fox's
presidency, Yo Roger Ails.
In his prepared statement, he noted that much he'd do it but made about a column Ellis wrote
1999 for the Boston Globe, where he stated in an effect that his lawyer, the then governor
George W. Bush, would prevent him from writing further columns about politics.
Despite note-noting Ellis's admitted conflict of interest, Ails found no fault with it.
Rather, he seemed proud to declare that we have Fox News do not discriminate against people
because of their family connections.
He admitted he was aware that John Ellis was speaking to Jab and George W. Bush on Election
Night.
Obviously, through his family connections, Mr. Ellis had very good sources, he wrote.
I don't see this as a fall to shortcoming of Mr. Ellis.
Quite the contrary, I see this as a good journal is talking to his very high-level sources
on Election Night.
Jab, he says we got it.
This is a stunning statement the notion that the decision team should actually be encouraged
to seek information and advice from high-level sources, in other words, the candidates themselves.
It's difficult to find a clearer example of conflict of interest in allowing Bush's
cousin to confer with Bush about when to call the election for Bush.
Despite Ails bluster about Ellis being a good journalist on Election Night 2000, it appears
that initially Fox didn't know that Jab Bush was the actual catalyst for Ellis's projection
of Bush as a Florida winner.
Fox's examples knew that Ellis was talking with George W. and Jebby, but Ellis never admitted
that he made the call because Jebby says we got it.
Instead, Ellis claimed that when he recommended the Florida Crawler 2.15 in the morning,
it was on the basis of a need-slides get ratio that he had calculated.
Supposedly, comparing how many votes go or needed to close the gap and how many votes
he'd be able to get.
The statistician sitting next to him that night was Cynthia Talkov, whom he referred to
as his statistical wizard.
She never saw him making calculations on the basis of some need-get ratio, and he never
shared any such calculations with her, if he said, although no projection that night
had been made without her explicit approval.
She was the only person on the team who understood these statistical models in the B&S system,
and the team members deferred to her judgment.
But after the election Fox discovered what Ellis had done, in the conduct of an internal
review of Fox Attorney interviewed Talkov, who described how Ellis had suggested calling Florida
for Bush right after talking with his cousin, and announcing to the decision team, Jebby says we got it.
Inga Parsons, Talkov's attorney, who was part of the home conversation, told me she has a vivid
regulation of a pregnant pause, as though the information about Ellis's call had stunned the
Fox Attorney into silence.
Fox executive is interested in whether Ellis had violated the B&S contract by sharing
information with the Bushes, and also that the information might have gone in the other
direction may not have been on their radar screen.
After a few moments, the conversation resumed, but the Fox Attorney didn't pursue the matter,
where their ails was ever informed about the account is unknown.
At the hearing, Ellis stressed that Fox's internal investigation of election night 2000
had found not one threat of evidence that Mr. Ellis revealed information to either or both
of the Bush brothers, which he should not have, or that he accepted it, or that he acted
improperly, or broke any rules or policies of either Fox News or VNS.
No reference was made about the real conflict of interest, which allowed one Bush brother
essentially to project the other brother as the floor to winner. Even on the issue of illegally
sharing information with the Bush brothers, it's difficult to take ails seriously when he claims
to have found that one threat of evidence for such actions. Had he not read either Ellis's article
in Inside Magazine, or the New Yorker article about Ellis? In the Inside article, Ellis said that
about 530 in the afternoon of Election Day, he took a smoke break and called Governor Bush not
specifying which governor, who asked Ellis, is this really close? Ellis, yes, really close.
Later, after the network's called Florida for Gore, Ellis got a call from Jimmy. Are you sure
Bush asked about the Fox projection? Ellis, Jeb, I'm sorry, I'm looking at a screen full of Gore.
Bush, but the polls haven't closed in the panel. Ellis, it's not going to help.
In an earlier interview with Jane Mayer of the New Yorker, Ellis seemed even more candid,
freely admitting that he'd called his cousins and they had called him so we could tell them what
he was seeing on the VNS computer screens. Sometime after 6 p.m. according to Mayer, Ellis received
a call from the Bush brothers. They were like, how are we doing? Ellis told Mayer. I had to tell
him it didn't look good. Later on, it was Ellis who called his cousins just time to give them good
news. Our projection shows it's statistically impossible for Gordon and Florida Ellis said their
mood was up big time. An hour later, Ellis again wanted to share VNS information with his cousins.
This time to tell me, you just got a message on the computer screens that said the VNS numbers
were wrong. You've got to be kidding me, George W. said. One might assume that Ellis's several
admissions that he related VNS dated to his cousins would constitute at least one shred of evidence
that AL says he was seeking, but maybe ALs wasn't accepting volunteered confessions as evidence.
ALs partly justified Ellis's conduct by declaring that two other members of the Fox
decision team, John Gorman and Aaron Arnon-Mishkin were speaking to high level democratic sources
throughout the evening. Neither were speaking to Gore, of course, nor to Gore's direct family,
but even if Gorman and Michigan were doing that, it wouldn't excuse or erase Ellis's conflict
of interest. It would only mean that Gorman and Michigan were also engaged in unprofessional
conduct involving a massive conflict of interest. As the midterm elections approached,
it's sobering to consider that the new de facto Fox decision team leader is John Gorman.
And this time, the National Election Pool formed in 2004 to replace the disgrace to VNS will
provide vote count analysis and projection data to the networks, whether Gorman or his colleague
Arnon-Mishkin share a consortium debt on election night with the Democrats and by the
extent of the networks contract, or whether the two decision team members solicited information
from the Democrats as ALs and Ellis claimed they didn't 2000s unknown. Nor is it known if there
were other Republicans on the team who engaged in similar contacts with GOP representatives.
Fox refused to allow me to talk with John Gorman about the networks'
election and activities, but the fact that the Fox Network Chief Roger Ailes laws such partisan,
higher level contacts is not reassuring. Indeed, Ailes refused to vote acknowledge anything
wrong with Ellis's behavior on election night 2000, and to praise it instead says a lot about Fox's
view of ethics and what the network has brought to the news profession. News profession, my ass.
David W. Moore, author of How to Steel Unlection the Insights,
Stewart How George Bush's brother and Fox Network miscalled the 2000 election and changed
the course of history, and how many dead people are out of day because of it, a lot of some
laws, thousands, hundreds of thousands, including almost 3000 Americans, but nevertheless,
it's hard work. And it's well worth it by the way I stand there.
As long as it's somebody else's children, it's well worth it. 1305 votes on our poll today.
Most of the world's problems are caused by religious intolerance is leading the way big time.
551 42.2% of our hidden audiences, your religion is yeah, your mama, a source,
socks and hell. 26 past noon is our QA non-sports time. We got Kurdistan Hooters at two, the
Humper from 4 to 7, no mad dog got today. Craig Mish and Lenny Martez 7 o'clock tonight.
And then any K follows that. Don't forget Luke Backroach, Hibis got something special going on
right now that they've never done before. It's their race to a thousand. For the first time in the
history of their dealership, they want to sell a thousand vehicles in one month and they're on
the verge. In fact, the month is on the verge of ending too. So they're going to make you a deal
like you can't even believe. They've got the biggest selection new, new cars, including those hot
new Corvettes, which I love. They got your trucks SUVs and mini vans like you haven't seen.
They've also got used cars starting at just 39.95 each and everyone back by a car fax guarantee.
You're going to love the service and you're really going to love the price. Luke Backroach is
out to sell a thousand cars this month, so they stay open till midnight every night to get to that
thousand number. Forget the price. Make them an offer and they'll beat any deal. Make them an offer
and they won't refuse. More money for your trade, 0% financing, rebates them up to six grand,
whatever it takes, they'll get your ass in that Chevy. Only at Luke Backroach, Chevrolet with two
locations for you, in Palpat, Obita, quarter mile west of mind, 95, and in Coke on a creek on
441, just out of the Sawgrass Expressway. Don't forget Luke Backroach staying open till midnight
every night. So if you want an undebeatable deal on the Chevy of your dreams, you head for Luke Backroach
then soon. Or check them on the web at Luke Backroach, b-a-c-h-r-o-d-t. Don't forget to
steady with the real chart play. How I wish I had an American house pitch. Make those
in there the way. I was so including this classic. I was on the airway and suddenly was DJing.
Their mag is I can burn and wear it down on my head. I'm in for a buy-in-and-16. What do they want with
the money from your purchase does not go to fun terrorism really? It's not time to get off the plane
just relax and take it easy. You're just dumb, that's your fault. It wouldn't have been a spy
where it'd you find dark skin and a rag if you want a detainee. Another variation of the classic.
Which American should pay tell me who I'm
and I'm coming to the neck of a woman. She let her veil and expose herself. So buy Luke
had Steven's collection today from 1995. Or you can play with Lisa Mastercard or weapons of
master. Who are you? From 32 S R non sports time here on the New York show we got the sports time
starts at two. In the 10 starts at two. Got it. Got it. Good. And don't forget to bring a head
or throw a fallback. How do we do it? Fallback. Two in your clock's back an hour when you go to bed
tomorrow night. Or you can do it right now. You're way ahead of the other good idea. Sure. 13
other 21 votes on the pool. Most of the world's problems caused by religious intolerance. 55
which one would that be something if that gets to 66. Oh, green 383 ignorance 198. Corruption 98. Over
population 63. Stop making so many babies gosh dang it. I hate this pool 19 and natural disasters
five. You think we got a shot at 15 today? You got a shot. And we're going to do 15. 15 votes.
What do you think Josh? Show. Well, what the hell do you guys know? You're like you're probably
your blood sugar is like 700 right now. Yeah. Eating any more than ice cream or you know, I ate
the like half of it and put the rest in the fridge and Josh said he finished his old tub. Oh, yeah.
Now what was it? Rocky roach. Sure. We both had both had Rocky road and then I had my
floodgroom. I did it. No. Oh, thank god. Well, you're laughing like Rocky road does need
to have flood, which it doesn't. But it's actually what they're famous for is all those
concoctions. You know where they have like a butter Scotch topping and they brought a lot of
all that. They're using gooping stuff, you know. What do they do on that? They brought a lot of
that stuff in and we just sent it all to the kitchen. What kind of an idiot are you anyway?
One that wants to live. Oh, man, I would eat the hot floodgroom out of there. What do they bring it in?
A giant tub. Oh, I would have just sucked it right out of the tub.
And speak out of that. Wait till you hear this. What timing, man? I fell into a bucket of stuff again.
I cannot believe it. Americans are burning. Listen, listen, Americans are burning nearly a big
and more gallons of gas each year than they did in 1960 because of their expanding waste lines.
Huh. Oh, yeah, we're fat. Simply put more weight in the car means lower gas mileage.
I mean, is that a surprise that fat people have more gas? No. I would think not.
And we don't want to start with that. Yes, it an awful lot of gas was seeping through.
I'm sure that Joyce wasn't too happy about that. In fact, even even Muff came in there with
like certain act of bushboss again. She was like all whipped up about that. You know what I'm saying?
Oh, until recent gas prices of $2.20 again, I'm sorry, using recent, I'm not reading well today at all.
Probably because of I'm eating too much. You're on your blood sugar.
Using recent gas prices of $2.20 again, that translates to about $2.2 billion more spent on gas each year.
The bottom line is that our hunger for food, our hunger for oil are not independent. We're hungry.
There's a relationship between the two of the University of Illinois researcher
Sheldon Jacobson, a study co-author. If a person reduces the weight in their car,
either by removing excess baggage, carrying around less weight in their trunk or yes, even losing weight,
they'll indeed see a drop in their fuel consumption. Aren't you proud of me? I'm not wasting any gas.
Yeah, I'm not driving, but I'm not wasting any gas.
Generating some? Lots. Oh, you can't even bring in. Although now that I would like to in the
shower and an ice hot skinny shower, are you starting again? The last mileage is pretty small for
any single driver. Jacobson's had the typical driver, someone who would cause less than 12,000
miles annually, would use roughly 18 fewer gallons of gas over the course of a year if they lost
100 pounds. Well, what if you weigh like 140? At $2.20 again, that would be savings of almost $40.
Wow, that last about two and a half minutes on a bad machine at Woodbuyman.
Outside experts said that even if the calculations are not exactly the study makes sense,
if you put more weight into your car, you're going to get fewer miles per gallon
in Ray University Healthcare in Liske, Kenneth Thorpe said Wednesday. The same effect has been seen
in airplanes. Research from the Centers of Disease Control and Prevention found that
heavy flyers have contributed to higher fuel costs for airlines. The obesity weight among US
adults doubled, doubled from 87 to 2003 from about 15% to more than 30%. Also, the average weight
for American men was 191 in 2002 and 164 pounds for women, about 25 pounds heavier than 1960,
164 pounds for women. There are an awful lot of fan-ass women run around our third. Did you notice?
Yes, including even here. They got the same deal here because they got the same crap here.
In fact, when it comes to candy and ice cream, I mean, candor d'Gut you guys beat all the sideways
to hell. There are candy bars here that don't even exist there. That's the bed. And what, crunchy?
You ever have a crunchy? Crunchy what? The studies conclusions are based on those weight figures
in Americans. 2003 driving habits. How about a crispy, not crispy, cream, that's a donut. A coffee crisp.
A chocolate crisp. The study will appear in the October
December issue of the engineering economist, a peer-reviewed journal published by the American
Society of Engineering Education and the Institute of Industrial Engineers. Sounds pretty high-minded
to me, like high-faluten crap. They estimate that more than 39 million gallons of fuel are used
each year for every additional pound of passenger weight, holy crap. The extra amount of fuel consumption
blamed on weight gains since 1960, 938 million gallons were filled almost two million cars with
gas for an entire year. However, that's only 0.7% of the total amount of fuel consumed.
In other words, don't be so fat, quit eating so much. Where do I get some of that ice cream?
Oh, I fly down. Oh, you know what I had? Where the hell did I have it? Oh, I know where I had it.
And the ice cream shop. And I don't even like KitKat bars. You know, we have that one bit.
Yeah, we do. Which we can play it. Yeah, right. You play it. In fact, it's not even here anymore.
There was a look at that. Good. Well, it was a ride with KitKat bar. Okay, it's that with an S.
But I don't like KitKat bars at all. In fact, you know me, I'm a candy freak. But if I'm
going to buy a candy bar, that would be one of the last ones I would buy. Although, I were also
delighted. The last one I would buy was anything with peanut butter and I hate peanut. I like peanut
butter by itself. You know what I mean? It's the opposite. It's just like mushrooms. I like
shrooms by themselves, but on pizza, I hate them. I will not eat the mushrooms on pizza. Sorry.
But so anyway, KitKat ice cream, did you ever hear of it? No. Well, I never did either.
And man, it was good stuff. And then the amazing part of it is that most of the is absolutely
over and over again. Most of the candy, our flavored ice creams are crap like Snickers and M&Ms
and the M&NM and Smart East ice cream. Hey, it's all crap. Very disappointing. It's disheartening.
We even have a Mars ice cream. Have you had that? No. I don't want to get you all whipped up now.
I have to go to the fridge again and start shoveling gallons of that ice cream from Jackson's
down your throat again. No, I'm already swollen. Are you really? I don't know. What did you have just
a rocky road? Yeah, right. Half a tub of rocky road. Oh, man, I love rocky road. It's great.
Not as much as rocky raccoon, but almost. In fact, I'm out of the thing. The Ben and Jerry's
flavors, I don't know what it was with that. Maybe because they were just addictive and they were
too damn. I don't know. It's like crispy cream. How that fed died real fast because people were
dying from it. We're just eating like dozens at a time and just swimming from it.
And the same thing with Ben and Jerry's like fish food. Now, what's the part of time I love that?
Of course with me a pint is just that's just an appetizer. That's just to wet your palate.
You know what I mean? Oh, yeah. But like I wouldn't if they if somebody brought in a big tub of
fish food right now, man, I wouldn't touch it with your spoon. I doubt that. I don't want it.
No, I don't want it. No, you don't want it, but if they brought it in, you eat it. I'd eat it.
And boy, if they brought it in with a big thing, a squirt thing of hot fudge,
you know, the only good hot fudge is the stuff that really is hot. Right. Oh yeah.
And you go into like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, absolutely. And ice cream joint. In fact,
I'm sure it's just as they know what I'm talking about. We're having like in a
memory tub to keep it hot all the time and then they lead it on there. Oh man. When you stop,
all right. You know what I started me on this ice cream jagged again and I'm probably going to
wind up getting another damn pint of hot gondias of banana nut. How many bananas it takes to make one
of them containers? Chinquenta banana. Maybe only Chinquenta banana. That guy, if I ever see,
if I ever see that couple again, we're just going to run out of there screaming,
Mussolini had a point. Whatever that means. At least he made the train run on time.
So they said, you would love Italy. I'm telling you right now, boy, if there's one place you want
to see, forget about Amsterdam. It's okay. You know, you love Italy. What are these days? Oh my god.
You go to a trot to reen. I know just the one where you ought to go. They trot. They have the,
and one thing when you eat there, you don't run out of there with a trot. Although if you drink a
lot of that bottled water, which you do, you're not going to be drinking those sodas with your meals
in Rome. I mean, you could, but it just isn't done. You know, it's bad form. So you have a little
upcominant alley, little bottled water, and then that'll give it the trots a ride. As a matter of
fact, I could tell you some stories about walking back to my hotel, but I better not do that. I mean,
one time I just about, I didn't think I was going to make it and I got to the, I got to the
floor in the elevator, you know, you know what I mean? And I stepped off the elevator and just as I
started hitting toward my room, thinking, all I'm going to make it after all and guess what?
I didn't. Oh, experience the difference that Mercedes-Benz of Pompano at Mercedes-Benz of Pompano
Gary Sarner says it doesn't matter what time of month you purchase a vehicle because they always
give you the best deal going. Whether it's one of the brand new 2007 Mercedes-Benz luxury sedans,
the 2007 GL class, the first Mercedes-Benz full-size SUV or their large selection of great
certified pre-owned cars. When you choose Mercedes-Benz of Pompano, you'll have over 200 employees
working their asses off to provide you with a comparable service. They offer you to express
the lube courtesy vehicles and complimentary car wash too. Make an appointment to their business
development center. You can even earn dealer miles just like frequent fire miles on your
area with your air dealer. You have an air dealer with your airline. The first Mercedes-Benz
of Pompano is indoor expo with over 150 new and pre-owned vehicles or go to BenzPompano.com,
V-E-N-Z. Experience the difference in Mercedes-Benz of Pompano. Comment 1-800-New Benz,
that's any V-E-N-Z, 1-800-New Benz. You'll find them at i95 and Copen's Road. Be sure
in time that Gary Sarner sent you by they will pee in their pants. Mercedes-Benz of Pompano
and Mercedes-Benz dealer like no other. The biggest name, so best talent to be this
wheel-rodger sports radio 560-U-A-M. It's just these guys nicking suds and whatever the heck
it is and the people that call in they're just like them like that they were on the water
court the weed in their high and they're having a terrible the years that I've been looking
at listening to 610 and MS here. It's terrible. But I tell you one thing, it wasn't
for me and this you fell. It's hard work good and hard work fine but first take care of
this. So now I spoke to John when I get up in the car I spoke to John. I spoke to
John when I play video games and at every 10,000 boys I spoke to John. I spoke to John
because I'm a freak. I do it time and war. I spoke to John before I spoke to John
and there I spoke to more.
Oh, my daddy was told me so you feel hard working man. My mama he was told me so you
should leave it you can. So then one day I was a demon scared to me and said you fell.
So I spoke to John. So I spoke to John.
Oh, I spoke to John the night. I spoke to John in the afternoon.
He makes me feel alright. I spoke to John in time of season and doing time well.
I spoke to John before I spoke to John and there I spoke to more.
Oh, that's what I do.
Oh, to John. So then one who's always with me every morning.
Oh, to John. So then one who's always with me every afternoon.
Oh, to John and we love and love to join.
So then one who's always with me every morning.
Oh, to John.
Oh, to John.
Oh, to John.
Oh, to John.
Oh, to John.
Well, 50, 10, 11 is our non sports time.
Tony Snow is on her.
How can about to try to like do a tap dance about what
what Booty Cheney said.
The waterboarding is okay.
I think what they had to do is take Tony Snow right now and get a big bucket of water
and this stuff is hidden there.
Okay, the whole press corps.
And this thing is hidden there's a hand.
That's right. Just a little dunk in the water.
That's all you jackass you idiot.
You fairy Greg Polans says Enron's skilling sentence
in Bush walks.
This is short and right to the point.
Okay.
He says don't kid yourself.
If you think the sentencing of Jeff Skilling,
former Enron CFO, criminal financial officer,
the 24 years in a slimer means that justice has been done.
Think again, Kenley.
First skilling out of way with murder,
at least Grand Larsony, like Al Capone convicted a failing to file his taxes.
Skilling though, on Billy of Stockford,
is totally out the hook for his big crime.
Taking down California, Texas consumers for billions
through fraud on the power markets.
Jeff Skilling is unborn, co-convict Kenley and Enron did not act alone.
They can either have it as another power company
in a dozen investment banks to manipulate both the stock market
and the electricity market.
And though the co-conspirators have now paid $3 billion
to settle civil claims,
the executives of these other corporations
had banks get a walk on criminal charges.
Furthermore, to protect our president's
boardroom buddies from any further discomforts,
the Bush Justice Department just days ago
indebted Millburg Weist, the law firm that
nailed Enron's finance industry partners in crime.
The timing of the bust of this top corporation battling law firm
smacks the political prosecution and a signal to big business
that is business as usual.
Skilling has to pay off his zilgot and gains to Enron stockholders,
but what about the nine plus billion dollar
zotra electricity consumers?
The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
bushes electricity cops have slept and run
and is getting a power pirates on the wrist,
because that has something to do with the fact
that Kenley, in secret,
chance with the attorney, selected the commission's chairman.
Team Bush had to throw the public a bone
so they threw a skilling for the crime note,
not ripping off the public,
but ripping off stockholders the owner class.
This limited conviction in the announcement of only one more
indictment of the crime busters at Millburg Weist
is team Bush's all clear signal for the sharks to jump
back into the power pool.
And maybe we can stick in the pool,
we can stick their head underwater.
Yeah, waterborne.
Stick it in three times, pull it out twice.
721 friends on my face, my ass, your face.
And Josh is thinking,
boy, for a guy like you, that's pretty good.
Yeah.
And that was you said?
Fuddy-duddy old fart kind of, yeah.
How about you, Ms. Foley may have more than 721 young friends
on his, only his or your,
the owner of your auntie of that.
How big of a pardon?
On his face.
On his face.
721.
In fact, what was that pull that you took a lot of time
vacation?
What about Facials?
Well, if you're going to be on television all the time,
like he is lately,
you got to stand up.
I mean, the attention you got to have that good
conversation.
Oh, man, you got to go to beauty place and get the
towel to hand up like a Charlie Christmas matter.
If I can get a facial, how much a Charlie's had a few of those?
Probably.
Most American, you're just, you're just going to
drop all that ice cream on your repissor.
I better not.
That's right.
Most Americans do not believe the Bush administration has gone too far
in restricting civil liberties as part of the war and terror.
A new CNN pull released yesterday suggests you're right.
While 39% of the 2013 pull respondents said the Bush
administration has gone too far.
34%, they believe the administration has been
right about right on the rest of the, in other words,
not too hot, not too cold like the three bears, just about right.
Another 25% said the administration has not gone far enough.
The headline here says 25% of Americans want Bush to take more liberties.
Oh, my God.
They can take liberties from them.
How's that?
No, from us.
Take their liberties.
Ask whether Bush has more power than any of the US President.
65% of the poll respondents said no.
33% said yes.
And those who said yes, a quarter said that it was bad to the country.
72% of poll respondents said they believe the size of the federal
government's increase in the past four years.
20% believe it's decreased 8% at no opinion.
They're too stupid.
58% of poll respondents said they would not want their
son or daughter to grow up to be president.
56% high ever said they would want their child to grow up to remember Congress.
Like, Marat Miss Foley.
The last requested rest about a half of the sample, 570.
Just to clarify, okay?
Just in case anybody gather is keeping track and wants to grill us on that someday.
Well, how many people they ask that?
A yada yada yada.
What's Miss Broca doing?
Nager.
And what a fascinating conversation you have.
This really is something of a remarkable turn about for Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Yeah, within just the last nine months.
I have to ask for a judge.
The judge who is his Democratic owner was a head of Arnold Schwarzenegger.
This is a man, you know, they specialize in this.
Why is it surprising that we to cause these dynamics in BC?
It's just another, you know, arm of NBC,
of the just another testicle of their tentacles, right?
They specialize in putting people on the hands of people.
That's not well-probably, by their followers.
You can't speak at all.
Of course, I'm this in the morning.
We just mumbles like an old funny,
how many friends you think he's got as my space and as pacemaker?
How many of the memories are going on with that one?
Right.
Oh, we got 1376.
We're not going to make it to 1500, are we?
That would be pushed.
That would be sweet.
Well, I haven't been pushing it this half hour.
I need to be pushing it.
And you're new guys, you're to believe that they're my screen from Jackson's.
Oh, for me.
I forget, by the way, join the street team, the center.
Well, what is the street team?
Well, it's a team they throw them out on the street.
Well, seriously, what is that?
It's a promotion's concept.
I find two chicks out on the street.
Join the street team this Sunday,
noon to two at Lou Bragg Road, Chevrolet.
That's one with a huge American flag up there.
18-01 Western Line of World War and Pomano Beats.
Stop by to spend the wheel for our usual graphic QM prizes
and say how to judge and say a guy like you ought to have at least a friend.
The biggest name of the best talent in one of the games.
The wheel Rogers.
Forth Radio 560.
The QAM.
We're now in Scott Barrel.
We're in up in Belkettiga,
slapping all women with pink and lips around the pole.
I listen to the new Rogers one or two.
I mean, I listen to the new Rogers Aaron Balance one or two hours.
Well, well, well, well.
Hey, bye-bye.
Hey, bye-bye.
Hey, bye-bye.
Hey, bye-bye.
Hey, bye-bye.
Hey, bye-bye.
Hey, bye-bye.
Hey, bye-bye.
Hey, bye-bye.
Hey, bye-bye.
Hey, bye-bye.
Hey, bye-bye.
Hey, bye-bye.
Hey, bye-bye.
Hey.
Hey, bye-bye.
Hey, bye-bye.
Yeah, we were.
What?
Either in the first or second book we were on the station.
We made the full bonus.
The station was number one in 25 to 54 men.
And we of course, number one by a mile.
That was once?
Yeah.
And then once again, it happened.
And you know what I think it was?
I think it was just before Greg blew the whole place up there.
Yeah, that big book.
Remember when Joe Roy's little dog was on there eight to ten?
Yes, I did.
Presided by...
Do-do-do-do-do.
Yeah.
Rousseau film exposes criminal banking syndicate
that rules America.
The film is called America Freedom to Fascism.
In 1913, America was a free country that abandoned powerful bankers
achieved their fathers and great-grandfathers' goal.
America has never been the same.
Soon the world will not be the same.
Aaron Russo expertly exposes the traitorous federal reserve act
and the fact that there is no law that stipulates American citizens have to pay income taxes.
Yeah, just try it.
The ratification of the 16th Amendment also known as the tax amendment
represents a fundamental undermining of the Constitutional Law in America.
It's the greatest host ever perpetrated against American people
by the elite private banking institutions that have used the government as an arm of their overall control mechanism.
Russo presents interviews with the impressive range of government officials, IRS special agents, FBI officers,
politicians and tax attorneys who research and subsequently campaign against the federal reserve act
and thus reveals why the IRS is an illegal foundation.
It's called Mendred.
The income tax does not mean the either criteria of constitutionally legal taxation in America
that is direct apportion tax or indirect uniform tax.
The IRS claims that the 16th Amendment allowed for a third-former taxation, however,
the Supreme Court ruling on the amendment states that it allows for no new forms of taxation.
More Supreme Court cases in the same period can form the same conclusion.
The 16th Amendment did not allow the federal government to love you new tax
thus there was no constitutional basis for the income tax.
The findings of the Grace Commission, a Blue Ribbon Poundal pointed by President Ronald Reagan,
found that 100% of what is collected is absorbed solely by interest on the federal debt.
All individual income tax revenues are gone before one equal is spent on the services taxpayers expect from government.
Education and health and community of keep is paid for out of state and local property taxes,
cash taxes, liquor taxes, you name it.
Proceeds from the income tax don't pay for these things.
The income tax money goes to pay for defense and the expansion of corporate America.
In essence, everyday American people are funding expansionist wars in the Playboy lifestyle or the financial institutions
that then further profit of net activity and can become even more powerful.
The income tax is the tool of totalitarianism.
It's the means by which the corporate control government manipulates the people on a mass scale and locks them into servitude.
If the people don't know what their rights are, then the agency that knowingly brace the law isn't going to tell them.
The bank's not control America. They print the currency and tell the people what it's worth.
They have the legal rights to counterfeit money.
This coup d'etat of the nine open and accountable government by elitist private interest represents the tipping point from freedom and the long slide toward fascism.
Since the government's primary goal stopping the welfare of the people of the cease to exist as illegal entity.
This is exactly what Thomas Jefferson and the American people may happen.
Jefferson said if the American people ever allow the banks to control the issuance of their currency,
the banks and corporations that will grow up around them will be proud that people have all property until their children make up homeless on the continent, their fathers conquered.
Rousseau, the award-winning filmmaker who produced the rose in trading places, confronts the IRS in Washington as quickly reprimanded by Homeland Security.
He discovers that those who have stood up for the income tax slave system and simply asked the question, where is the law, have been slandered and personally attacked because to reduce the issue to a rational debate would immediately expose the truth and behind the entire scam.
Rousseau discovered that this is not come about by accident as a planned and coordinated agenda.
The young regenerations have no concept that they've been drawn into a trap in which they can't escape.
The middle class is being systematically and purposely wiped out, leaving behind a population on the brink of serfdom like George.
The purchasing power of the dollar has been destroyed by design, leading behind a cost of living only affordable to those who profit from the system.
New laws passed through Congress seek to further enslave people by making it harder to clear bankruptcy, while at the same time allowing the banks to charge huge amounts of interest, thus both parties working with the banks legally enslaved the nation.
The people of America are being fed upon by the elite and devoured alive, and they barely even recognize it. It's the perfect crime, the pinnacle of criminal capitalism.
You say it, the pinnacle of criminal capitalism. The pinnacle of criminal capitalism.
It is with this in mind that Rousseau delves deep into the big brother control agenda and places it succinctly within the context it needs to be understood.
And what is being sold to the American people today is patriotism is fascism, and it's part of the same overall agenda to rape the people financially spiritually and mentally.
This is the only place to go to get more out of America. If you can literally control the movements people make in actions they take, you will in their world.
You need to see this film now, it says in one hour and forty nine minutes, Aaron Russo spells out what's at stake and what happened when the American people stop questioning and started trusting the government.
The name of the movie is America Freedom 2 Fascism.
I want to see it right now. Speaking of fascists, speaking of, what kind of people? I don't want to be picking on those Muslims.
Well, they're maybe waking up like I said, increasingly disillusioned with more than five years of the global war on terror.
Arab and Muslim American voters are poised to vote heavily Democratic. In the November 7th midterm elections, according to two polls released this week, do not tend to always love them ragheads.
Strong majorities of Arab American voters in key states for the Michigan Ohio Pennsylvania and Florida, intend to vote for the Democratic candidates for senator, according to a survey released Wednesday by the A.A.I., the Arab American Institute.
The same poll conducted by Zogby International found that a whopping 76% of Arab Americans disapproved of the performance of George W. Bush, who received a 46% plurality of the Arab American vote when first elected to Orphus in 2000 alleged.
As to which party they would prefer to control Congress, 57% of Arab Americans chose Democrats only 26% so they preferred Republicans.
That was a considerably larger gap than the general voting public, which, according to CNN poll, released yesterday, February's Democrats, 57 to 40, 17%, still pretty heavy duty.
Another survey of Muslim American voters released by the Council on American Islamic Relations on Tuesday also found widespread disillusionment with Bush, for whom a majority of Muslim Americans voted in 2000, especially regarding the war on terror and foreign policy.
That poll conducted by Genesis Research in August found that only 17% of Muslim American voters considered themselves Republicans now, while a plurality of 42% said they were Democrats in 26% so they don't belong to either party, because it's prohibited by the Koran or some crap like that.
And when you're doing all that daffoding on the carpet all the time, who's got time to party, right?
The same survey in which Muslims were identified from voting records by common names prevalent among Muslims and this did not include converts who didn't change their legal names, also found widespread disapproval of the US policy toward the Islamic world.
Seven and ten respondents agreed with the statement, a just resolution of the Palestinian cause would improve America's standing in a Muslim world.
Two thirds said they were in favor of working toward normalization of relations with Iran, and 55% agreed with the assertion that the war on terror has become a war on Islam.
Isn't that what it's supposed to be? Radical Islamofashism, is that what the your president said?
Islamofashism, I wonder if it's true or not.
So, 70% of Muslim voters said they disagreed with the proposition that the war in Iraq has been worthwhile for America, while only 12% said they believed that it was.
By contrast, only 39% of the US general public currently believes that the US action in Iraq was the right thing.
About two thirds of the roughly three and a half million Arab Americans living here are Christian, mostly either Roman Catholic or Orthodox rather than Muslim.
I've actually didn't know that.
Just as my cab driver, my lesbian, he's cab driver, he's got the cross hanging from the rearview mirror, baby, with the beads and the whole deal.
Good Catholic boy now.
He hates the Muslims like poison, I shouldn't have said that.
He hates them. Of course he hates a lot of people.
He's a bigot, that's why he and I get along so well.
Similarly, only about 40% of Muslim Americans are the ancestors, healed from the Arab world.
Nearly one of three is the Asian ancestry, another 6% is African and 5% Iranian.
Of the roughly five million Muslim Americans, about one million registered to vote according to Mohamed Nima who conducted these survey.
Now in the meantime, we'll tell you this.
Mosque refuses to sack cleric who defended rape.
You see the story behind that thing?
We got 14 everd now. Now we really need to lean on it, baby.
We got 49 minutes. We got 1403 to get 97 votes.
That's almost exactly two a minute.
You think they're going to come through for us on a Friday? Huh?
We missed out on Tisha Blubb, we missed out on Sukus.
That's the very least they can do for us, whatever that means.
You can do it!
And we got 721 friends on our...my space.
And Josh says, boy, for an old bag like you, that's not a bad number.
The biggest name, the best talent.
I say the biggest number of people in my time.
Trust in voice, video, 560, SUAM.
Bastard.
Absolute.
Hey, that straight part, holy is a whole whole.
Yes.
All right.
Another private public and more less queer whole.
Hey, then Neil Conn has a message.
That's it.
For the world, don't go around the Christian world.
Get a few of us out of here.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's the biggest news.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Who is it?
It's a gay car.
Or a gay car.
Or a gay car.
Or a gay car.
Or a gay car.
Or a gay car.
Uh-huh.
Can't find your damn phone in my phone.
If I haven't done that phone with you, I'm sure you'll find your name.
Here's a surely grass can't be far behind now
These are the bells of all the proudest founders
Found the founders on your land
And the battle's mine
And he doesn't know how to fool you
Oh, you're the only fool
He's lovely, he's the greatest fool
He's the flag, he's the flag
He's the flag, he's the flag
He's the flag, he's the flag
He's the flag, he's the flag
You can only imagine what was like at Congressman Foley's staff meetings
Oh, no comment
1425 on a pool, what do you think?
We need the four, what do we need?
75 votes in the 40 minutes
Oh yeah, we're starting to cut down at the ratio
We need less than two a minute to be easy
If we had any audience left, I got news for you folks
You're watching, you're presiding over, you're watching, you're listening
You'll see, there's new regime
What did I tell you back in the early part of the year?
And you said, oh, that goes the hell we got
I hear the hell we got
You'll see
Anyway, here's the fact it says
As a Hispanic American, I'm embarrassed that imperialists such as Ralph Arza would be one of our state house representatives
Nevertheless, I'm not surprised this kind of social imperialism that certain parts of South Florida, Hispanic community have produced
Social imperialism, I like that
I support and thank your efforts and the continuation of exposing these power hungry political animals, especially the ones close to home
This is very essential to the generous service you provide because at the end of the day politics will always start local since they're really signed
Plus it says BS, go to Oregon often
Thank you, senior, whoever you are, if it's legit, if it's not legit, well, whatever
You must have been a coincidence
It looks like a real facts
I don't think so
What is that? I missed the time
You know, read a line, you started it
Oh, it's the Rick Santorum, the wrestling champion
He's wrestling with his conscience, he ain't got a Chinaman's chance in Hell in Pennsylvania
We'll get to it as soon as he shuts up for a second if he ever does
Toid, he says that he's given sort of shady answers as to what he really thinks about that
But I can tell, Bob Casey's got a 12-point lead over Santorum in Pennsylvania
Santorum, you're out, you fascist, you, you feed his hugging lunatic
He at one time was not for a bunker busing development of those bombs and now he's changed his mind
But he hasn't done that, I mean, this is a guy, I gotta tell you, Rita
This guy's got a loser written all over his face, are they Santorum? What a hateful piece of turn he is
Brandex, can't it a, and as soon as you challenge him on an issue, Barnacle here looks like he's on the wrong side of him
And what our country is in that, in his threat, and that's the whole point that this is on his threat
This is not about the answer
To understand the issues, who's willing to stand up and fight against the enemies that are out there
Or even take positions against the enemies that are out there
You know, the only thing that's confirmed is that he has from Mark McLean and Ohio
He's worried, I mean, are you still getting the support of the Republican Party?
Yeah, because he's trailing, big gun
Yeah, absolutely, we've gotten a tremendous of probably almost $5 million with his support from the RN
I think I have a Schmidt can that's article about the Santorum
Now, one of his election publicity, or stunts, and it was a stunt, he wrestled, he was in a wrestling match
How to be wrestling with his freaking conscience if he had one
Anyway, here I get back to the show and forget about Rita
I know you get obsessed when she comes on
I don't know what you're doing, I don't know what you're doing
She may not look at, but she sounds like crap
Citizens for responsible and ethics in Washington crew is filed an appeal with a federal agency to force a release
of communications regarding the destruction of records pertaining to visits by disgraced lobbyists Jack Abramov
Wednesday, crew filed an administrative appeal with the National Archives and Records Administration
for failing to disclose communications regarding the handling of secret service visitor records
Crew was seeking records of communications that narrowed hand with the secret service regarding the agency's practice of destroying visitor records to the White House
Crew was an advocacy organization based in Washington DC
who stated mission is to fight government corruption
The executive director of crew statements continuing efforts to hide the truth
It now appears the White House has ordered an error not to comply with crew's freedom of information act request
Crew will continue to litigate the issue to ensure the American people in all the facts
You go, Crew, 1435, what do you think?
All right, this is a real battle
See, if I were to push that from whatever 130 do it, whatever was, 1231 and that half hour
But you got me all whipped up thinking about ice cream
First of all, I played that, that's why I played I smoked two joints just to get even
Mm-hmm
I will then later
I'm sure you will
I'll probably go out and get like a half a gallon of ice cream
Rocky Road
Oh boy
Now, you know what, it was where I had that ice cream?
It was at Fallsview and Niagara Falls
When you go down the escalator from the casino down to see they got all these little shops
They've got a, well, what the hell is the name of that burger joint?
Oh, man, I can't believe I used to think it was sonic but it's not
It's one of those chains like Arcy Fartsy kind of like where they had the old-fashioned milkshakes and little bit of little burgers and patty melts
Stuff like that, I can't think of one name
But anyway, they got a food court down there and on the food court there's an ice cream joint
And that's where I got my Kit Kat ice cream
Just two scoops in a cup, that's all I had
All the wood had been a lot better with hot fudge on it
Mm-hmm, whipped cream than a couple of cherries
Mm-hmm
You got me started, it's your fault
I know
It's dust fault
What did she do?
He arranged this whole thing
Oh, that's okay, I love Jackson's not a guy, nothing to do with it
I love this thing either ice cream
You're like sitting there, mind your mind, you're with the ice cream
And I'm sitting here thinking about it because I'm addicted to it
37 minutes and we need 59 votes
Boy, that's a piece of cake, we have 14, 41 on that pool
The audience is coming through, we forget the cake
Forget that crappy ice cream cake
And that's a good response, this is Tony
And this is Tony's with you minutes ago
Echo, wow, little bit of an echo there, Rita
Anyway, getting back to the story about the controversial
Mosque, a cleric who said women didn't wear a veil
This is in Sydney, Australia
Women who didn't wear a veil were uncovered meat
Asking to be raped
Well, she did this job as the spiritual leader of Australia
250,000 Muslims
She dodged in Al-Halali was confirmed as Mookh the Evo
Today after the governing body of Sydney's largest mosque
Raleigh behind the Egyptian-born cleric
Never trust a guy with a mosque, a Muslim's zero
Or a lone ranger
Or spider, man
The border satisfied with the notion that certain statements made by the Mookh
Was misinterpreted, it's Tram Zerika, head of the Lebanese Muslim association to a local radio
Zerika said the Mookh would take two or three months off from preaching
Prime Minister John Howard, who hand picked Al-Halali for a 14-member Muslim advisory panel
Sid remarks in Arabic in a fasting month sermon
What I was doing, Ramadan, man
To 500 worshippers that compared unveiled women to food lefers drakehs
Were appalling and referensible, comparing unveiled women to food lefers drakehs
Like garbage
Howard warned Muslims they risked a backlash from other ostracians
They continued to defend Al-Halali against mainstream opinion
If it is not resolved, then unfortunately people will run around saying
Well, the reason they didn't get rid of him is because secretly some of them support his views, how it's said
A year ago there were picked battles on Sydney beaches between white youths and men of Arabic descent
The riots were described as the worst outbreak of racial violence in Australia's history
Remember those? I remember that
Yep
Others in Howard's government have called on Al-Halali to be prosecuted for inciting sexual assault or to be deported
He said Al-Halali said if you take out uncovered meat and place it outside on the street or in the garden or in the park
Or in the backyard with other cover and the cats come and eat it, whose fault is it? The cats are the uncovered meat
The uncovered meat is the problem he said
In an address that was taken courted by the Australian newspaper Al-Halali said a woman who stayed home and was veiled
Would be safe from sexual assault if she was in her room and her home in her odd jeep in her veil
No problem would have occurred
But when she goes outside without the veil it's like holding up a big sign
Rape me please, please, I'm just a piece of meat
What kind of meat did he say?
Uncover me
My favorite kind
Oh yeah
Uncover that please
The biggest name of the best talent of this is Neil Rogers
Force Radio 560
You A.M
I'm still so exciting and Jesus loves me too
I'm a washer paddien but I'm the crazy ass around
When I get into the ring now I want to hit now I fall down
Now I'm pulling out on tour and I think I'm going to score
And if I fight against the chick, if I lose a fight on the chick, it's baby I'll hide my costume
You know, you want it?
Even if I got no last name
I still remember when I was done with that
I didn't die by jeans
Take that chick if you know, my feet are being tied in and dies
Oh yeah, I'm on my tights list
I have the most beautiful boxes ever lived
And I'm gonna eat your kids
And I'm gonna play you too with all of me
Which we don't eat with all of us
Everybody likes you
I just love the leek though
Also I'm on the kem, it's 1455
The total we got and we've slowed down to a crawl
That's not the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, 20,
A minute to go and we need 44, 45 votes
I mean, it's not, you know, not insurmountable
1456
They're pouring in by the ones now
They're indifferent
1457, so you know what I'm saying?
Every time we refresh it there's another one
So just keep refreshing it
Ah, it's a mahaia
Got it?
Think we're gonna make it?
Yeah, I think you will
We can do it on a Friday, boy, it's gonna be real feathering
Georgia's cap and then you can pick up all that ice cream all over the board
The lawyer for it, yeah, and the media has been pronouncing his name Marcia
This priest or whatever this priest will allegedly fondle the Foley
Mm-hmm
The one who said, oh, he seemed to like it
How can you pronounce his name?
His name is M-E-R-C-I-E-C-A
Ah, Marciaica
Not Marcia
Well, maybe who now knows?
Cinquante Banana
The lawyer for Catholic priesthood
Knods fondling from a representative Mark Foley
When Foley was a teenager
And who thought he liked it?
Said today there were no grounds for legal case against the clergymen
And the non-allegations by a second man who said the priest molested him
Father Anthony Marciaia, whatever his name is, believes that nothing happened
See everybody else the same Marcia
Father Anthony believes that nothing that happened between him and Mark Foley some four years ago
Could provide solid grounds for legal action against him
Where Alfred Greck said an email from his office in multiple of the APN Rome
He therefore considers the aggressive and unfavorable exposure as being unfair and unjustified
Marcia, who is retired lives on the multi-zalala of Goetzal
Was quoted by medium-floor to say that he fondled Foley and was nude with him on several occasions
While serving in a parish in the US state in the 1960s
In a phone interview with the AP last week he insisted that his association with the boy wasn't sexual
He seemed to enjoy it
Oh, I like it
The multi-sturches open a probe into the case, by the way, that if thanks you just send me a minute to go
It has a certain aroma to it
The mo-one
Okay
In Florida the arts d'isity of Mime has confirmed that Marcia is the person Foley said abused him as a teen
And has barred the priest from all church work as it investigates Foley's claim
Earlier this week another former altar boy in Florida came forward and sexually abused by Marcia in the 70s
The man's lawyer Jeffrey Herman said his claim was an altar boy at St. James Catholic Church where Marcia got worked
The priest speaking through his attorney denied the allegation and described it as best a figment of the imagination
And that were say malicious fabrication
Herman sued the arts d'isities of Mime for his claim on Wednesday seeking more than ten million dollars in damages
I'll take a piece
His client now 49 identified in the lawsuit only as John Doe number 26 says Marcia abused him when he was about 12 years old
The arts d'isities of Mime has said it had no idea at the time that he might have been abusing altar boys
They don't know nothing, you know
Just like Cardinal Law in Boston, he didn't know nothing, nobody knew nothing
That's why they could move in around to like pieces on a chess board
They may be suspected but they really didn't know nothing
Right?
Right
1461 man, I must have been a hell of a year
Maybe that's when Columbus was born
Do we know?
I'm sure we can look it up
I don't know
I've been in Christopher Columbus
Well if he can't be discovered in America allegedly in 1492
1461 he would have been like 31 years old
About 30 men
Yeah, I have no idea, nothing about Columbus
Maybe I need to go back to school
I think I'm ready to go back to college I believe
I don't think me on my own roommate
Well maybe maybe two
In fact I think when I first went off to Michigan State
I think I had two roommates my first room
I believe I did, yes I did
1451
Well if you know if you wear out the first one
then the other one can always be like a standby
I mean Josh has got a roommate
Yeah
All of it, you know they sleep far apart on the same bed but not close
1453 you know what?
I have never watched that show again
Is it still on the air?
I don't know
The supernatural
I don't know what's at the one time also
That would be the same and Jan and Dean or whatever
Palmer Massachusetts, a love-low teacher charged with making a bomb threat
At the school where she works pleaded not guilty yesterday
He was released from police custody
This is a, I just don't understand this story
Tina Fisher, 36th Westfield, Mass was arrested Wednesday
After a 30th century she stuck a note to the wall of the East Street Elementary School
That referenced the principle and said
BAM BOOM
BAM
BOOM
BAM
She's released after her appearance yesterday in Palmer District Court
I guess maybe she didn't like the principle
BAM BOOM
As a conditional release Fisher must stay away from East Street School and it's principle
and report to probation once a week she scans her return to court December 12
She's been a special education teacher East Street for five years
And obviously she thinks the principles are real a-hole
Or something like that
BAM BOOM
But a Bing but a boom
Isn't that what they said in a movie, whatever the high movie was?
Like a...
Get a Bing, you've brought a brains all over you nice, I've released two
I like that
1466, for Abba to the audiences on the edge of their seats right now
Some of the people on the road were listening to their cars
Have pulled off the road they're on the shoulder right now
Because of the excitement, they can't handle the pressure you know what I mean
They pulled off the side of the road
It feels like there...
Oh here's that story
Senator Rick Santorum knocks out a wrestler in a new campaign ad that was posted on you
CUBE
A few days ago according to Ross Story
What a silly ass he is
Santorum stresses his record on teaming up with Democrats including Barbara Boxer
Senator Jew Lieberman even Hillary Clinton
Unassorted legislation is costume wrestlers tussle in a ring before an extended crowd
Well I wonder if what's his name was in there? Peter Ralph Hyper, Peter Aparker
Oh that's right
Remember that's how he got started on this whole dealer?
He picked out the costume right?
Spider-Man
He had to wrestle the macho man
Yes
Two off in Santorum says this is what it seems like in Washington
But to get things done you've got to work together
Right
The Republican Senator delivers his own message from inside the ring
As one wrestler pins the other one down
You know what they say about those wrestlers don't you?
Yeah
Just before saying I approve this message
Santorum cold cocks a menacing looking wrestler who's creeping up behind him without...
What's the word that you say?
I said he flattened them
Well that's what it says here okay
I understand
A less humorous commercial release by the Santorum campaign can buy food
The restrain I have to use because I've got so many great lines with that
Oh yeah no no
Don't do it
14 what do we got?
72 we need to all we'll do it
We're gonna do it
What yours you born 14 51?
Correct
So that means he was like 41
Which probably back in the day 41 was like
And not old but better
Pretty mature yeah
If you always just think of the other day in a week
What days November 5?
Week from tomorrow?
Mm-hmm
It is?
Where's that week from Sunday?
I think it's week from Sunday because October 31 day
Don't forget to turn your clock back fall back
Bring ahead tomorrow night at 2 in the morning
November 5 is Sunday?
Yes
So I'll be 64 I'm gonna be ancient
But a year after that if I survive
Do you realize what I'm gonna be?
He says an old fag
See, Nisen is an oi
I mean a oi
Yeah
A less humorous commercial release by the Santorum campaign can buy its footage
Democratic children your Bob Casey with leaders of access to evil Asians North Korea and Iran
As mushroom clouds fill the screen
The adrives Casey for opposing bunker busting bombs and a missile defense system
The associated pressure for its effort to send to our campaign is purchased
700,000 dollars worth of ad time for the mushroom cloud ad
Which can be seen at San Ferm's official website
But it's pulling away from broadcast TV to focus on cable channels such as A&E, CNN and the Discovery Channel
A&E should only croak the stuff that they put on the ear now
Dog to body, how did that?
That's one of the more intellectual shows
They got that the illusionist guy, what is his name?
Chris Angel
Chris Angel, the what is he?
He's the illusionist
Isn't that it?
The mind free
The mind, that's it, Chris Angel, mind free, never seen the chef
They got a worse crap on their on A&E and they're like some of the stuff they have on
Like a medic in justice with Bill Curtis very melodramatic
Let's see what they got on tonight. They got old 24 city confidential I like
What's that guy's name Walter Winchell at this iteration?
I don't know
IRS cold files sometimes can be good crossing Jordan. I don't know what that's all about
I think that's what Mark Foley did to that page
CSM Miami you got it. Look at that. Must be CSM Miami night. They got like one after the other on this
The hours of it hours and hours and hours of crap
1476 I'm actually that's when he was sitting there on a banded knee with Queen Isabella
When you think it's about right or with some Spanish queen
The biggest name so that's gonna be a good one
From the prison for 20560
It's first of all Friday you bastards
I'm a new in the name of a dude it is me Mula you good friend Mula I could hardly recognize you with your
Terpen colors or dingy but I just washed it then you must do like I do and wash
Audio clothing in new blue fat watch here it white and white and bright in colors
So your terpen will not fade or become dingy like when you use other detergent
And then I will not be mistaken for a SUNY again when I use fat watch here
Never and it's said for your delicate items too so don't take a chance on getting a rock in the head because your
Terpen is faded into obscurity. Get that what you can get
Okay 146 a Q and that's our anti sports time we got there Curtis Stevenson for the man dog from Hooters
It too then the Humper for three solid hours today the power hour Hank gonna be doing it by himself
Four to five and then five of seven minutes Hank so you'll probably have somebody on with him
What do we do about that? I don't know the last time it was like Mike Tureko and you know
You'll find a guest I'm sure
But that you're seeing a missing the whole point the idea of the power hour is that we got these two juggernauts
These two big good jockheads a mad dog and Hank together Mike Tureko not picking up for you Mike Tureko is a big star
Are you kidding me? Holy cow you gotta be smitten me man next you're gonna be telling me about Dick Stockton
What a great sportscaster he is by the way you realize that the world's serious is the lowest rated of all time
And rightfully so it's crap well it hasn't been very exciting hasn't been very strong so far
The Tigers unfortunately really disappointing big time and it's very sad. I tell you what else is really sad this article you know
It's a good thing that I decided to go through my pile here because we're run out of time
1482 by the way oh my god it's almost time to discover America I remember America
1483 we got 13 minutes for a 17 votes so that's easy that's a piece of cake and it cake sounds good
This is what said to me it's from the Toronto Starry
Republicans take aim at Tennessee Democrat and add also accused of race beating
GOP election ad Taunts Canada oh the Canadian government is obliged to complain with the Bush administration
Over Republican election ad that be littles Canada as a global free loader how do you like that?
Oh my god
How do you like that?
Canada's ambassador to Washington registered to this pleasure over a Senate election ad from Tennessee that implied
Canada doesn't pull its way in international matters
You know what the population of Canada is how many million let me give you a clue about 30 men?
Yeah about 30 a whole country
Republican National Committee said Wednesday would face out the ad but it's unclear whether the move came before or after Wilson's phone call
Although the conservative government enjoys a warm relationship with the Bush administration of course
A Canadian official wasn't tried by condemning the ad we'd like to remind the Republicans that Canada is playing an important role in rebuilding Afghanistan the official said
The Bush administration is very unpopular in Canada no kidding especially in urban areas where the furries need to create support if they hope to win majority government no chance
The television ad chief target is Democratic Senate candidate Harold Ford Jr who just made a cover of Newsweek and is fighting Republican Bob Crocker in a pivotal race of the Door Dye Fight to control the Upper House of Congress
Various actors made 30 seconds sponsor just Ford as a tax and spend playboy a gun control supporter and soft on terror and nuclear threats to the US
One man in the ad says oh Canada can take care of North Korea they're not busy
Prime Minister Stephen Harper's opponents have been eager to exploit his closeness to the to Bush
Yeah and then I go to the next page and didn't make any sense
Well that was enough of that birds of a feather feel together because Stephen Harper wants to be Bush Jr anyway you know kind of like Bush light
Bush not quite as malignant but almost
Well when I rewind we wind and refresh this could be real interesting 1486 like I said it could be real depressing but you've got 1486
1483 I got 14 is I'm way ahead of you that's because I would turn my clock way ahead don't forget turn your clock back an hour fall back spring ahead
Okay right that on your wrist so many stupid people and so little time spring ahead fall back though like you said hopefully stupid
Keep changing back and forth out it's like when you go to Europe and you got to say you're a watch ahead five hours in England and six hours on a mainly
Pick a time that's the time whatever time you say it is we'll go along with it in fact it's time to leave see it's a 1487
1487 this is not good we got 10 minutes to get 13 votes now you'd think I think they're twang with us today they're playing with our my emotions
14 is working with 1488 I already shut it off I will not look at her much less listen to you're a Europe says you started it yeah this was the thing you put on the
Making you know when you for this ice cream thing that you know I'm not gonna get really after without eating no ice cream
Don't do it go eat something else instead
Ooh for 1488 89 see they're playing games with me now they're just you're messing with my mind fun and yet
Yeah, they just they're just having their way with me that's okay most of the world's problems are caused by religious intolerance
631 over 42% of us very even crowd thank God man
Feel good
Most of the problems caused by greed 425 ignorance as in
228 how dumb do you have to be to still support Bush that that's a good question how stupid could you possibly be amazingly
Lobby to them amazed by it corruption 110 overpopulation 69 oh that's just a accident I hate this poll 21 just 1.4%
They like it and natural disasters 5 natural disaster like Greg Reed destroying QA 1492 alright Columbus
Acto 1492 we got it I mean we need a more for five five billion 1500 but nevertheless we got to 1492 aren't you proud I'm excited
I was done on the ninta the Pinto the Santa Marinta my eighth grade teacher her name was Edith Helfer coincidence
And she looked at me and she said you be Helfer
Uh oh as said I'd be disgusted by your nasty old she was an old nasty bitch and she's long since dead by the way long since dead that was an eighth grade you know how many hundred years ago that was about 30 years
A nasty old bag old dyke I shouldn't have said that maybe she's still alive I'm sure yeah I got it she was a hundred years old back then
That's how many years ago another hundred 152 a QM don't forget Curtis at Hooters at two for the mad dog let me tell you right now get over this weekend
Luke back road Chevrolet and help them out and help yourself out with a fantastic deal in Luke back roads race to 1000 for the first time in their history
They're after a seller car a thousand cars in one month and they're gonna do it just like we get to our goal
They're gonna get to theirs and in order to do that Luke back road is thing open till midnight every night this month
I get to that thousand number but the month is it's waning these are the waning days baby it's waning over here
Forget the price make them an offer and they'll beat any deal you ever heard of they give you more money for your trade 0% financing
We made some to 6 grand whatever it takes and then after you make the purchase they give you a fabulous service
Believe you me. I know I've been by my corvettes and other cars from Luke back road for over 20 long amazing years now
Luke back road Chevrolet with two locations for you and probably to quote him on my wife to buy a 95 and a coconut creek on 441
Just out of the saw grass don't forget their staying open till midnight every night
So whatever your schedule you got no excuse get your ass over Luke back road for a fantastic
Unbeatable deal on great new Chevy or check them on the web at loopback road
B.A.C.H.R.O.D.T
loopback road dot com and don't forget to join the street team this Sunday new to two in the loopback road at 18 or 1
West of 9th Boulevard in Palmano Beach
Stop by to spin the wheel for those very chasing QM prizes and say hi to Josh and give a big kiss on the lips
So big names of best talents for the business
All your Rodgers sports video 560 QAM
It's big if I have a 1514 and a 4 within the bay
And now on my face from three point the Afrogana Doxan is so huge
Hello to Afrika who get your baby unless you are a me be income
Aborig everyday American family we don't give you the baby but we do give one to spin
The line to get the baby from Afrika is currently 22 years long
Much like the line to get on El Poro at six drive
Unless you are a Jennifer Aniston then you can use this
celebrity drive through window and order up whatever you mean
Come to Africa where the weather is hot and dry
The baby is gone hardly cry
Probably because we give them the camel milk which seems to quiet them
It's easy to get the baby in Africa unless you are an average symbol or move
or in your country how you say
Decor chain but if you are a little busy given double the normal or
Compass blood soul it's no problem come to Africa
Where some people question why we only give babies to famous people
And that they will not resist to wait until the rice fall out
We say this to you in some business
Let's say you are an accountant you would much rather have the business of Mito
Then say
Ralph from Carnegie New Jersey
See that's okay
Come to Africa Clayton
Come to Africa
Lance mass
Come to Africa
Jimmy Brevy
Come to Africa drummer of Ben Cutting Crew
We give you the baby no question that
But if you're not famous the line for the baby starts important
And brings no cutting in line or we shoot you
He says baby masses from the trip away
We offer again a don't you associate
Bye bye bye
