All right, 958 on sports radio, 560 QAM.
Or should say 560 as we go to Neal now.
It was somewhere in a while.
Well, but if you just say 560, what does that mean?
The most important part of the day, the real 560.
Non-sports.
Oh. So how many hockey clubs you get this morning?
None.
No.
And I brought it up.
Six and a roll, man.
They win every game.
They find the way to the bar and fill the run.
And they already came out.
No, they rented a heap.
That's what they care about.
Get out of here.
If there wasn't any heated all, they still wouldn't care.
That's not so.
Okay.
Yeah, it's just not.
They just don't care.
They care about the heat, believe me.
Okay.
They care about it.
Yeah.
But he's part of the heat.
Well, how come they don't care about...
Guilty.
He does the Panther games.
Do you care about him?
About who?
Guilty?
Yeah.
He's okay.
He's no mole.
What the hell?
He's probably guilty.
You got a problem with him now?
No.
I got a problem with the New Sales Manager.
He's...
What was the other guy you called him?
He's Stiffy?
Yeah.
This is Stiffy with the Southern Droll.
The...
Yeah, that's right.
That's the only change of the accent.
I'm hearing that nasty echo again.
Air every day for like...
This is the second or third week in a row.
Air every stinking day.
Echo.
Echo.
Echo.
Let's crack it up real loud.
Oh, now I hear it.
Huh?
Well, yeah, you hear it now because I got to my...
I made it.
I created it.
So what's going on with you today?
Marlins, baby.
We love those Marlins.
They're really great.
1250 Marlins.
I'll deck them Marlins in the Metting Jupiter.
Oh, yeah.
Early day, that means off the woodbind plunging my guts out.
So while I've been on the area, I noticed that there is a resignation in the White House.
Yeah, Andy Card, big deal.
Oh.
Yeah, Bush is shuffling the deck and this card fell out.
Very good.
Andy Card, and that cute...
Yeah, like it's a big deal.
Like it's going to make a big difference.
Nobody cares.
Ooh, ooh, ooh.
Yeah, I'm going to tell you seriously.
Troist Radford, I very seldom get as angry as...
Yeah, you know, the sales department pisses us all off because they're incompetent.
They're idiots.
But I may just have to hire a hitman to take care of this guy.
He's just...
Everything that I've worked for 30 years, I think it's very appropriate that it's right on the heels of this 30th anniversary.
Every single thing that I've worked to a build for 30 years, they're dismantling it right now.
So I've taken down the Berlin Wall.
That's what they're doing to me.
But again, take them out into the bank.
Then I got my tax returns for my tax guy yesterday.
Yeah.
Got a FedEx package.
Got a huge, the biggest refund ever coming in my life.
Huge.
Kind of like winning the Progressive Jackpot at Woodbind.
So I feel pretty good about that.
That's good.
Now you'll have extra money for that.
Give me some good plunging money for the summertime for that tough summer schedule.
Those two at two weeks.
You know, the football players get those two at A's.
I got those two at weeks.
Do you have a plan yet?
What do you mean?
Where are you going to go?
What do you mean where I'm going to go?
I'm not going, what does that mean?
Where I'm going to go?
You've got someplace in the summer.
Oh, I'm going to Berlin.
Oh, thank you very much.
Yeah.
Well, we got the World Cup.
Ah, you like Berlin now.
I love Berlin.
What do you mean I like Berlin now?
I've been going there for years.
But you know, you like, you've talked about going to Italy.
You've talked, of course, about Amsterdam.
But Berlin seems to have replaced those places.
Berlin, Cologne.
I love Germany.
I don't like Frankfurt or Hamburg so much, especially Frankfurt.
That was horrible.
I had the best time of my life in Berlin.
Yeah, and what's not to like, man?
It's a great place.
And it's just a wonderful city.
Yep.
Well, that's a course that we bombed it into the Stone Age in the world.
And it was a great place for us.
So they had to rebuild all those things.
So it's beautiful and modern and just great.
It's very nice.
Anybody on any, anybody under the age of 40 is great.
The old people are still like goose stepping.
You know, they're still, they can just tell.
You get that feeling.
They're still all goose stepping a little bit.
Yep.
Okay, what I'm saying.
Kind of like the US government.
Goose stepping.
I don't know if I ever told you this in up.
And when I went there years ago with the doffens,
they had a preseason game there.
And I was working for a channel four at TVJ.
And I did a feature on a guy who had been watching the he watched the wall come down
He was a New York advertising executive and he moved to Germany and opened a chain of hot dogs stands in Eastern zone
Because they didn't have hot dogs in Germany. They have worst right other well every street corner is another
Brot worst store. Yeah, but worst. Yeah, well I love those bratwurst man
There's nothing like it. You can't get I don't care where you go. You cannot get the bratwurst like in Berlin
That's right, but he brought high grades over there and he was very successful and he got the t-shirt concession at checkpoint Charlie
In fact, there's one place where I go. It's right next to a big supermarket where they have
Curry worst which is you know, and they what they do is they slice up the bratwurst and then they put
Curry stuff in with an I don't want any part of the salt and they get very insulted if you tell me you want
Brotwurst. Oh, man. No, I have brought was just a curry worst
So what you do is you say curry worst without the curry. Curry worst with mustard. Yeah, instead of the curry because I hate curry
Oh
Cabbage is not bad. Yeah, they'll keep you regular. Yes
The food there actually is going
That's amazing. It's just amazing to me that Germany and Netherlands are like side by each the right next to each other
Mm-hmm, and yet Germany's got such tremendous food and
Well, I mean the food in Holland is just the worst I've ever had in my life the world's worst
Horrible you have to really search to find an edible meal. I'm not just talking about good
I'm talking about edible even Mickey D's looks good even with a rat running around it there under the fryer deep fryer
Oh, God. Yeah, there's the same rat. It's like a pet I think
On the dam rack he runs around under the deep fryer just to make you feel at home
I guess and then right next to that is killer flu chicken
That great the way that American enterprises poisoning the whole world is good. We're killing everybody
This is kind of a silent warfare
It may take a while. We're going to eliminate them by attrition
Power lack of nutrition. Yeah, kind of like a few M sales department
I'm gonna tell you this new guy man. He came in here on Friday and he's he's buried himself with me
You know, he very loud and very full of crap, you know I guarantee you the Troy Stratford look me right in the eye
He told me yeah
Yeah, he told you the same crap that he tells everybody okay, and you're buying it. That's the sad part Chris
Well, this is no regime, you know, oh and you're part you all you guys
Because you're there and I'm not thank God the sun is shining here. It's in the fifties every day
It's like spring for real now. It's beautiful
But you're there and all this Joel Bell and this new regime and everybody's gonna be a song dance
It's gonna be so great these people are like shoeless and clueless men. They're like the homeless. They're shoeless and clueless
I just I never see anything like it not that I care you understand just passing it along the audience likes it
Just unbelievable
Got called me yesterday said I won a gas and a contest words
Where do I find a radio station? It's just come to the corner of ives derri in 441 and look for the building where they're waving the white flags off
Surrender out the window that's us our windows don't open well
Maybe they do now maybe some people have punched some holes in the wall
I don't want to make saying names Greg, but you know how that goes. Oh, I forgot about that. No, I know you didn't
Well, you're reminded you just have living here that yeah, it was in the back of your mind
Haven't seen him in a while you and I were like Fitty Fitty. We were both the part. We said oh, yeah
I guess he was wondering about our last week really oh, I had a nail
I wasn't here. I guess when he was here. Oh, aren't you lucky one more good reason not to be there when Greg reed vs his ugly rear head
There's Lou dobs again. I see an in screaming historically about illegal aliens
I think he'd like to kill them all what he likes to do. Let's make him the border guard creepers for that
Yeah, creeper ought to be in fact. He's in one ought to be deported
He's he's living proof for the this anti-immigration thing. He's proof of it. Where where is creeper from hunger? He's from here hunger
Hunger's not a foreign country
Yeah
No, it's a foreign planet hunger lives in this building. He's out of this world
I'd say I have to people in his building are from hunger. Yeah, I know that and most of those are in the sales department
They should have a reunion every day
I want Tommy to go back there and fart in their face in the sales department
Would please me it would make my day for me even if I have a losing day at woodbine. I won't I'm gonna win some big cash today
I'm not gambling today and then Niagara Falls this weekend, man
I'm in Vegas this weekend. We're all seeing you guys are both gonna be punching our brains out this week
Yes, I will I tell you next next time you get anywhere up near here
You really ought to check out the falls with casino Niagara Falls. I guarantee you like it. Okay. They got a big sports book. They got all the full casino
Excellent restaurant. I want to play up there again
They got a restaurant called amazingly the famous not near nothing to do with the one from there
But yeah, but it's a kind of like an old-style deli and they got great meatloaf and
Fantastic rib eye. Oh really good place delicious like mushroom barley soup got a whole bunch of great restaurants in that joint
Nice big buffet. Yes. What's not to like and they treat you great, you know like in Vegas
They treat you like they want you didn't not that they want you in my way used to treat you in Vegas
Right, well they treat you like they really want you to be there as opposed to like in woodbind worry
Just give me your money, you know, just give me your money. We'll let you in because you don't smell as bad as the other people
Oh brother, I really ought to write a book not about that place but about the woodbind. Oh my god
Oh, I've been to woodbind not to the not but not to the casino
Not to the casino just they don't have a full casino so far. They still only have the slots
Remember the freeers cup there a few years ago. Yeah. Oh, it's a beautiful track tonight and I
Facility throughout close to the airport. That's true is yeah, it's good right after the telecast boom out of there
Well, what does that mean? Well, when you finish working you like to get home. Oh, I see kind of a shot at Toronto, huh?
I got news for you
Where I was last week. Oh, well, I was a level teach you to be going to Kentucky. I'll tell you a new salesman
You'll give you a whole song of dance about Kentucky in North Carolina and all in places. It's gonna be a big draw
Y'all
Looking right the eye and told him he's assured him. Well, guess what? What's right for Tony last week?
Chris was another pile of crap would your rhymes with I it's called lie. Okay another lie
Oh brother, where do they find these people man? It's just it's unbelievable. It's the clamped nation. Oh my the clamped nation
That's that's very good. I like that you've heard of the Patriots nation and Vleef nation and Dolphin nation
Is very clever of you to come up with that what?
Clamp it nation. You wouldn't mean you just said it. You just said it. No
Yeah, I'll take the blame board
Clamp it nation y'all come back now here
You can have that one like I told you they just bought that station Vegas. They got four stations out there
That's like we got some kind of punishment that we have it's moved west too. Yeah, good go west soon
Take Joyce with you tired of the ass end of a damn convoy
Well, Vegas today Beverly Hills tomorrow tired of a truck and drag her ass out there
Stick her ass on the back of a flatbed truck haul it up to a Vegas just the ass, which is most of her
She's a little person see just every and you're also the guy told me oh there's new sales manager
This guy's really oh he is great. Did you tell me that? Yeah, I come
Oh
Stiffy junior
Stiffy with a draw. My god
See when I went to school. We got the ballgame at 1250 today. Yeah. What are you complaining about you got to work an hour and a half and you're out
So in that hour we're ordinarily you'd have three breaks because you know, you're gonna be one short
Yeah, at least we are we do four breaks. So there's two breaks there could be a third one, but there just is many
So I'm assuming if there aren't any spots or they just another oversight by a somebody who's leaving for the
I'm team time in a row. They're just they're oblivious man
Most people would would give and they give their left arm to have the kind of money in sitting in a
Tax exempt say account in a bank that slips through the hands of these people in a year
You know what I'm saying? Just money that falls through the cracks
Raccoon. Yeah, that crack too. Well listen have a great day
I know I am you're amazing
If you if you could see a photo of how fast I'll be out the door at 1250 by 1245
I don't normally be you fully dressed
But I'll have on my coat
I got my whole kit my wood buying kit with my money with my pills and in one pocket
I got I got my role aids in another pocket
You know that I pop on every couple hours from the a diet soda. It's gives me a jitter
I've got my kit already to go just see the steam coming out of your heels as you take off you bet
Yeah, that's a bad idea like a rocket ship. See you have a great day
The easy travel great thing you all are those of the host guests and collars and you not reflect those of the busy
broadcast group it's staff advertisers for agencies
What got for a piece of a nation maybe
For Rogers guys
You
Just
That's your
Like nobody else neither
But man, I still think Jerry Jones is crazy the boys are back to clown the boys are going down
I said the boys are back to clown
There's no
You know that jerk who used to dance a lot every time it got the end over the sharpening in his socks
And man he thought he was cool, but he was really not what a joke that's ever wrong
And that time at the Cowboys place
Went to your dance on the logo with a disgrace
Then I met ran over and got in the streets and now he thinks they won't forget it
The boys are back to clown the boys are going down
I said the boys are back to clown
There's no reason down the sound
That's it. She knows been hanging around
This is the only thing I know
The boys are back to clown
That boys were going down
I think that's Harris boy he's right on top of it. How long have I been in here?
Still, George is about 826 this morning last time I checked well
Apparently he just got a phone call saying that we need to get this stuff in because
I don't worry. It'll be but I won't be emailing it. I'll be fixing it
He came like I could say he look like rode me all I meant facts
I'll be fixing it to Deb like yeah, I'm only doing this next stuff coming break because this is the important part
That's right
Make no mistake about it. Oh man. Are they at top of it or what?
If the audience only knew if he had any you think I'm exaggerating man that Neil he really likes to a rip it
Yeah, I just make it up as I go along not
Clamp it nation that is a great the Humper came up with it. I mean I did he didn't want to take the blame for it the credit
Clamp it nation welcome to it
Jebadiah
1014 already but we better get hustling right because we got a short the period of time like Jeff Merrick says on least TV
We better get the hustling yeah hustle this I got news for it
Nobody's picking your answer according to a recent survey and I'm still hearing that echo it's still there now
There are codes in the sea whatever well now. What is that how come you can that in that position?
We're going to explain it to him again slowly this turn though. All right. I'm going to explain it again to you slowly
Okay, yeah, yeah, we have your return feed for you to hear Hank when you talk to him. Yes, otherwise you won't be able to hear
Otherwise you won't be able to hear him right um and what we've been doing this for for a long time now
Why were in our show when you talk to him hence that has to be on so that's why you hear or you will be able to hear
But let me let me say right there. I just didn't do it over a year and it's only the last two weeks
We've been having an echo problem. Okay, like I said I think you need to be able to echo card. What I do anything different in here
Has it somebody needs an echo cardi-gram maybe they're doing something different in there
I guess very likely Robert maybe some jackass is doing something different in there and at studio in that big push studio
Is it post our little crappy one where nothing works according to a recent survey Americans keep their matrices for 10.2 years
That's like keeping a car for 100,000 miles forget about that if your mattress is five to ten years old
It's probably not performing like it used to just like you're not you need to call one 800 mattress the number for our friends at
Dautomatrice rank number one for customer satisfaction no risk either because order a mattress from the expert bedding consultants at
Dautomatrice and try it out you don't like it just call them back at one 800 mattress
Delber press it until you're totally satisfied literally and physically once you buy from one 800 mattress
You'll never go back to a showroom again
It's so easy. Just make that one call one 800 mattress pick out the two our window that's convenient for you like noon to two
10 to noon 11 to one they show up on time take away the crappy old soil vending you're on the way to a great night sleep for a long time to come
When you call dial amatrice like I always do you get no nonsense no run-around no showroom shenanigans no ripoffs
Just unbeatable factory direct prices on the best brands you know trust in love like silly insert a
Simmons and King coil temperpita can stirons of an antisposter and now dial amatrice offers you no payments or interest for 12 long
Excusiating months so column right now you can be sleeping like a baby tonight
1 800 mattress column now we're logged out of their website mattress.com for a great night sleep
1 800 MATTR ES leave off the last as because it stands for sales holes
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.69
Hills people are ice holes
This is an ABC News special report outside the White House today a robot was used to
investigate a suspicious package and authorities kept all the White House personnel inside the press briefing room
President what was in the package it is not shag dangles
You're kidding dangerous
It was your booze weapons of mass destruction
Apparently the package
But the recipient is dangerous. It's 10 what is it 10 20 if you weigh him what's that lineup look like today
Well, we got the marlins on deck at 1250 wow the pregame show the marlins in the mess in Jupiter
How about those panthers six and a roll baby? They went every there hanging on there only six points out of a playoff spot any interest
Um mad dog follows the baseball game Lenny martes seven o'clock proving that we are waving a white flag as surrender
And then Curtis at gold fingers for ready K who's on vacation 10 o'clock tonight got that
One house chief of staff Andy card as resigned be replaced by budget director Josh Bolton
President push announced the shake up during a meeting with reporters this morning and our chorus areas again after the cabinet meeting
They're need to assume yeah, but a bit a bit about one more time one more time
They shoveled the deck and Andy card fell out well bye bye Andy another uh pasty faced boy
Let's see here's the pull result from yesterday who was the greatest baseball player of all time
1433 vote baby Ruth 282 for baby Ruth George Herman Ruth
282 votes wins hands down. I hate baseball 238 well too bad will he may is on 170 at a distance second my more than a hundred votes
I hate this pull 139 10 Williams 113 Hank Aaron Hammer and Hank had 102
Mickey Mantle 80 p-ro 71 very bonds 56 kind of like q 56 not all that great Josh yeah whatever
But he edge out Joe D. Jolton Joe
Joe to measure at 51 Roberto Clemente 42 Thai comp 32
Luke Gary 31 Cal Ripkin junior eight Stan UCL 6 and really banked
Sultimentic quarter had only four let's play four yeah, let's I think the Marlins ought to play four today starting at about 10 30 and that's how good to you
Yeah, I think we can add another eight or nine minutes and probably get in most of the spots we got left from today too
Outside of that new that new sales guy. He is just the best, you know
Y'all come back now Chris. He is good. Don't don't have him come in there anymore because I don't want any more depressing stories
You know all these guys blue sky just it's depressing because each one of them is
Less cool is more clueless than the predecessor. I say let's bring back screw-at
He started look pretty good now. You got to admit that well depends on where you're looking now. I'm not talking about that
I'm talking about in terms of her per job performance. She started to look pretty damn good old screw-at
892 votes on today's pool what all-time athlete you just like the most
Bad like that and just like I predicted you know, I gotta be honest with the judge
I'm really shocked that Barry Barnes is doing all that well a very respectable second. They hate him
They do they they hit him like poison and of course he created that you know
He made it himself. He's the guy to create that image and got a terrible attitude probably got a
attitude that don't mean he's not a good ball player
But he's just got a horrible attitude and he's rotten with the press and rotten with the fans is to rot to the core
Maybe he's been shivering too much of that cream that'll make you're
Pling rotten but all-time athlete you dislike the most oh J of course 350
No, but it can touch oh J but believe me a lot of people would like to especially the brown family and what's your name?
What's the call sister's name?
Denise remember that song oh Denise by Randy and the rainbows. Yes, oh J 316 very bonds 128 a very strong second
But after that might even close. I hate sports 58 Kobe Ryan 45. I hate this pull 45
How about I hate Kobe my tax in 42 Terrell Owens only 37 small taters man even though that was a pretty good bit
Pete Rose look at out PD's got 30 hundred dollar bills
They're all stacked up on the table right there at Pompo Park and he's gonna lose them all by the second race
Josec and Seiko 28 John rocker 24 Tanya Harding 20
I'm surprised at the well, I guess because I played that bit brought back a lot of memories all bad
Kurt bush 15. I see I
I thought I knew something about sports. I don't even know who the hell Kurt bush is. See a race car guy
I yeah think he dropped the NASCAR NASCAR guy and that's big that NASCAR stuff because there's a lot of radenix and people with a mind like red
Ryan Cox 14 he's run on Kurt Bush's ass and if you'll hungry knew about it will be scandalous okay
Kurt Schilling 13 run our test 12 mark McGuire 11 Kurt Warner 11
Born again Kurt Roger Clemens 9 Peyton Manning Sandy Peyton Manning 6 Todd Virtus. He's
Keeshawn Johnson's got six Ray Lewis 5 AJ how do you say that? I don't think all skirvinky and it's
Depresence I didn't spell it that way I spelled it
Maybe it was bad handwriting because let me look at how I wrote it there's a C in Kurt Schilling also all I'll send that to error
Oh, we don't care about spelling for Kurt Schilling they know who that is okay. I just need the big cross
Not because no oh it was bad hand my bad no I spelled it wrong. I copied it down. I'm looking at my writing
Don't play merit. That was my bad AJ Prisinski. Who is he again? He's a catcher. Oh, well, that's what we hear
That's what we heard about what's his name too from the mess
Mike what's his name the at the at the at the at the
AJ Prisinski for Ricky Williams for Wayne Grisky need a nose got four Phil Michelson tree. Hey, he's got a little drinkin problem
Just like your president. Yeah
Michael Irving to tied only two Rafael Palmero to Rafi here's Rafi and latent who had didn't have anybody finally got one of the first
915 boy we'll get to a thousand maybe close to a by the end of this hour and you want to know why because it's got to do with hate
Like that man always if you want to get a good response on a pool in South Florida take a hate pool because
There it's a like a limit limitless well. That's right. I mean there's like no bottom to it
This is the bottomless pit of Kurt Carpenter has got no bottom or top
Fairfax County Virginia is taking part in an unusual White House drug study now. This is a word of warning
For all you rips normally
They're cuz who knows if it's gonna be coming to buy you pretty soon waste water from communities throughout the Potomac River
Basin is being tested for the urinary byproducts of cocaine
So if I was you guys all you co-heads out there. I'd like go pee in the backyard right apparently
They're able to ascertain how many people may be using elicit drugs in this case cocaine
With type studies border supervisor chairman Jerry Conley tells WTOP radio earlier this month county workers
Like the five days worth of water samples at the pollution control plant in the lorton the samples were sent to a relive and rock fill
Maryland to be analyzed for traces of the mean urinary byproduct of cocaine
It doesn't indicate that we have an unusual drug problem in Fairfax County Conley says
I'll be interested in the results. It's kind of unusual studying unusual request
See they're even testing your water now to find out if you're this government is like they're in your mail
They're in your email. They're on your phone tap and the phone
It's very checking out what you're uh what you're checking out
Obviously we're prepared to cooperate with any endeavor to try to make sure the use of elicit drugs is discouraging our community
He said white house officials believe the wastewater testing we end with Clinton
We had white water now with this one. We got wastewater
They believe the wastewater testing lead to a more accurate index of how many people use drugs than traditional survey research
If they did if they would just check the water at Murray and Berry's house
I think you get a really good. Oh, Apple. Are you think no doubt that neck of the woods
1027 abwq we're going to talk real fast today because we got a big Marlin game at 1252 days
And got a we happy about
First we introduce you to the new Gillette fusion pressure caused irritation
But the fusion had five blades space closer together from less irritation and more comfort
Gillette brings you the all new 25 blade fusion power extreme plus plus
Throw that old five blade fusion and your own lore that five blade shaving technology was oh so one month ago
Step into the future with the new 25 blade fusion power extreme plus plus
I know what you think him. Does it really make a difference? Just listen to these satisfy any pigs
The brush
Fred said it was the best shave he ever had
I
Lips really probably is I cut off my lips
But feel my face
Not sure
When you feel this razor across your skin you'll know something's different you'll have no choice
It all happens with three easy steps apply the fusion hydrogel
Then she would the 25 blade fusion power extreme plus plus then stop the bleeding and run to the nearest blood bank for an emergency
Transpusion I was like to try the new 25 blade fusion power extreme plus plus the a
Okay, sure. All right. Here you go
The new 25 blade fusion power extreme plus plus available at CDF ready doing read in the home detail
Yeah, Josh we've shamed it news tale. He's got that one end with the 85 blades. It's the doubles as a vibrator a fusion
Right a lot of all of fusion should see the handle 1034. Can you handle it? That's the question 2064 11 at 560 WQM where it's just everything is a you thought Humpty Dumpty had done a good job
Oh, this is called micro crashing, you know
One thing to break that egg in a hundred pieces. They're taking each piece and breaking that into a thousand each each a civil piece
Here's our first call and we don't have time for many Q a.m. Hello
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. What we ought to do is put that punk elder tiger woods up there because I can't stand that punk punk
punk
Okay, put them on your tiger woods. I don't like him either. Oh, he's not going to do a lot of votes. You think no
You know, I don't usually I because I don't pay attention to golf
But it's just something about him that rubs me the wrong way. I don't know he just boring
I think that's a problem which it's not his fault, but to me he's very boring. Any boring Josh? Yeah, I got the two place golf
Well, that's gonna. He plays golf, you know, I mean how can a golf or be exciting?
But he just I don't know can't complain about his personality. He ain't got one that that would be my take on him
5 6 7 0 5 60 let's take a real quick Russia call here
Okay, well, I think that was it and pound five sixty in the Verizon singular wireless line
Because they got a really big pile here. We only got till 1250
We only got a couple hours left and then get to the spots in there. How we're gonna get all in spots in at last hour?
You know, what I said to Hank is true and the same
Remember I said it I would do him when we're saying the same thing the amount of money that falls through the cracks
Most of the people in the audience right now would give their left arm and half of the right one
Just to have that amount of money sitting in a bank somewhere even without any interest
Yeah, the amount of money that just falls through the cracks because of
Sloppyness and an aptitude and the indifference, you know nice job by the way you're back there Troy you are doing it
W.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M. Yeah, I open it. He's getting city. You can call on us. Yeah, you open it. It's cool
W.A.M. Hello
Yeah
Happy anniversary happy
Long long happy birthday. Okay. Well good luck to you. Bye. Okay. Good luck to you. Bye
W.A.M. Hello. Hey, well, that okay good go back to sleep W.A.M. Hello
Hey, good morning. Good morning. When is this?
Well, it is um, I thought George's problem yesterday was quite funny um with the bathroom
But then you're I have a little
funny story to tell you I take off the content for pain
And occasionally I get back up for like two days or so
Mm-hmm, and um by the time it comes out
Okay, I wouldn't want to hear about it coming out okay now you said coming out just has a different kind of take usually
Yeah, like that like Tom Cruise and Roger old coming out of the closet
That's a kind of coming out we can discuss but not that coming out that you're getting into we're getting out of
Well, however you look at it. Wow. W.A.M. Hello
Walu Walu
B.M. Lion. No, not Walu. Bob Blue. Bob Blue. Bob Blue. Get it right. Will you please Jesus Christ W.A.M. Hello?
Are you gonna get a my space page? I want you to be my my space friend W.A.M. Hello. When I listen to you, I get very
Lion nine Josh Cordis line. Hello
Not the original but not and not really very good with us that bad though. That wasn't too bad
It had its moment US Supreme Court justice Antonin Scalia startled reporters in Boston just minutes after attending a mass
Sunday by flipping a middle finger to his critics
This is the
holier than now Antonin Scalia all of he does go duck hunting with a vice president
A Boston hailed reporter asked a 70 year old conservative Roman Catholic have he faced as much questioning over
impartiality when it comes to issues separating church and state
You know what I say to those people Scalia replied making me obscene gesture and explaining that Sicilian
I didn't know that did you know that thought the Sicilian salute was with the
Well, maybe he was doing this is so you know when he was given the he was given the one finger salute
Okay, that's one of your head when the high court was caught making the gesture by a photographer
Maybe that's right. I don't know. Let's throw him on the right side. I'm just looking a middle finger to his
Well, then that's not so silly
Propaganda picture by photographer with a pilot the archdiocese of Boston's newspaper
Oh, yeah, I'm sure we'll see that real soon. Don't publish that Scalia told a photographer
I'm sure they'll go right along with that he was attending a special mass felores and politicians at the cathedral the holy cross
after when he was a keynote speaker at the Catholic was good luncheon
After they had a special mass felores and politicians. They had the special mass for the Mafiose speaking of Sicilian salute
the Sicilian message
Yeah, oh my god
21 to 11 at 560 W. Q. We're gonna talk real fast today
We're gonna get a whole power packed pressure packed Joe in here. They come hell or high water
Because we got that Marlon game. How about those panthers? Oh, oh man
The interest and no Hank always says oh there cooked up about the heat
I think Josh would agree with me and well, even if you don't agree because I've ever been around too long
Even when there was no heat even when nobody gave a crap about the heat
He'd even want to heat absolutely stunk
The interest in the panthers on a scale of zero is minus infinity
So they could be like every game the rest of the season
They could go ahead and of course if they get the playoffs and then continue winning then you'll see
Then just like that one magical year. We love the panther
I've got one have to bring Joe Lin back to town from Tennessee and she'll be singing and they'll be a winging and oh boy
That panbagging will be like knocking each other off. They'll be jumping on there so fast
Just like the old Mary go round you ever see Mary go round. Yeah, that's what I bet you do
We got 955 on that pool already effects. Look at us
963 holy rat man moly
963. It's not even love at the clock yet
See so the audience is also accelerating their response because they know it we're in a big hurry today
Just like Troy Stratford ought to be in a big hurry to hit that door and don't come back in but he is just you know something
I think what we all ought to do everybody on the station. Let's give him all of our spots
You know I'm saying yeah got what right here so by the end
No seriously more spot by the end by the end of April that we won't have to worry about all these commercial interruptions in our shows
You know because there won't be any
20 to 11 a Q a m being outdoors a lot in South Florida
You really need comfortable shoes to do all that schlepping and shopping and running around
So the only place to go is Brandy shoes and Pompano Beach Brandy's carries major brands like Floreshime echo
Mephisto rock port hush puppies new balance and tons of other name brands shoes in all sizes for men and women
And they're even carrying wide wits and hard to find sizes for you too
Brandy shoes is the largest independent shoe retailer in all of South Florida
And when you see the selection value you find at Brandy's you'll understand why I've been telling you for years how great they are because they are
Go see our good friend Arnie
He'll make sure you get the right fitting shoes for your fit every time at a price that's unbeatable too
Brandy's is like those department stores where you wait and wait to get weighted on and then they tell you oh
You like that style. Well guess what we don't have in your size. Sorry
The only thing they do at Brandy is the cell shoes
So you don't have to worry about size selection or service because you want to thank got it
Brandy shoes there are 1290 North Federal Highway and Pompano Beach between Atlantic and Copens on the east side
You can't miss it Brandy's is open every day Monday through Saturday till nine every Sunday till five in this week
Is a great time to buy naturalizers at Brandy's all great women's styles 10 bucks off
So be sure to get into Brandy's this week or do your shoe shopping right online
Send there right on your fat ass by logging on to Brandy's shoes.com
This is Neil Rogers
This is 560 KK
She fakes orgasms. I fake four point
Yes
Man I could sleep forever
I know my audience knows
When I put the words and the melodies together
I hear so many and I like the
I like the snores I hear each time I say
I like the snores that say my bad, clumsy pain
In fact I sleep through every chance to lie
I hear the guy like the snores I like the snores
1045 at 560 WM you know they it's interesting with that if I'm not mistaken that that beast snoring drop in is
Was for real for real right he fell asleep on the air and
Which is easy to do when you're talking sports hey 1046 14 before 11 o'clock talk a lot faster
We got the Marlon game in less than in two hours and what four minutes nothing we're counting holy crap
So guess what I did during that break not a douce no no nothing like that. Oh not yet right right there in the chair
Ordered a case of that pasta
I get you dream George got on there and order the dream fields pasta believe you me you'll love it
It's it tastes exactly like right like good quality regular pasta. That's all I need to know and
You know just don't go crazy. I mean all over your case you don't have to worry right now about carbs stuff like that
But it's good for you do you yeah got an issue no do you have an issue what do you do a new study from Jacobs media
Asked over 25,000 respondents from over 75 rock formatted radio stations about the response to Howard Stern's jump to serious
And they said are you cereal the result show that Stern's move the winemain. Uh oh no no
They don't want to be like driven snout now. I know what I'm trying to read. Yes somebody might say
It's uh you think it might be okay, but it's not the result show that Stern's move has indeed helped the satcaster
Patrice or pasty subscriber rate of xm among rock fans. Hi ever roughly 70% of Stern's regular listeners say they have not followed him and stuck with commercial radio morning shows
The study shows that the popularity of series and xm basically are dead even each with six percent of those who say they're likely to subscribe this year
Series does rank ahead of xm. All the xm's got 80 billion channels on arrow nose picking channels
Unsurprisingly Stern is the key factor in serious subscriptions decided by a third of respondents
However the study also shows that Stern fans who plan on switching to serious most of them already have done so
Most of his fan survey who were following him to series have already signed up for the smaller percent same
They'll buy serious later in the year looking just at markets where Stern was on the year in 2005
A fifth of those survey to consider themselves regular listeners to show have already subscribed to series with one and ten
Indicating they plan to do so
According to a Jacob study
This is a strong indicator that for commercial radio broadcasters and former Stern markets the worst is over
However the majority of Stern's formula to regular listeners have just stayed with the rest of your radio morning shows in their market
So once the ratings come out many morning shows should expect growth in their audience faces in Stern's absence
On average defections to serious for no greater among listeners of former Stern stations
However some former Stern stations were able to retain a much higher percentage of his audience for his replacements
In other cases defections were quite higher than average
It's got charts and graphs and but it'd be but it'd be but about the this station in that market
46% of regular Stern listeners have stayed with the station's new morning show whatever you know they replaced him with
Three of Stern's former competitors are their morning shows attract almost six of every ten of his ex-lushners
Acquited Jacob's this could indicate that the upcoming round of arbitrarian ratings will show some very impressive growth among morning shows in recent months
So they're kind of like flattened out
The big semester we're all going out of business big see if we have problems here at QA and it's not got under new with XM and serious
That's it right now even with that stiff competition from far out how can we compete with far out? You know what I'm saying right
We'll do our best country radio speaking of that may be ready to make nice with the DC chicks
The grudge dates back to 2003 with many countries stations stop playing the popular trio after leasing your Natalie means
Criticized present and push ripped him a fat ass nice going you go Natalie. We love the DC chicks
In fact, George says we love chicks with hits. Yeah those two
But the chicks new single not ready to make nice is now in rotation in several major markets pushing it's an pushing it's a number
36 on billboards company sales charts after its first awake of air play other stations
Hi, I've ever been slower to embrace it. I think a lot of people are in kind of a wait and see modes had weighed
Jess and director billboards country charts the next couple weeks are gonna really tell the tale
mains told a London audience on the eve of the war in Iraq that the group was ashamed of the present
And that he was from their former other homestay the Texas back in the U.S
The music was boy-cutted and the chicks said they received death threats leading them to install mentally textures at their shows
See you can't criticize this president you get death threats
mains later since she regretted the phrasing of her remark or remained passionately against the war
In January she told entertainment weekly magazine that she was disappointed with country music and that she's pretty much done with the genre
Well good about time he came under the human race. Okay. It's that that knows pick-and-c country crap
God is that horrible stuff. The only worse than country crap is rap crap
In stores made 23rd the new album taking the long ways produced by Rick Rubin
Primarily a rock and rap producer also crafted Johnny Cash's last albums
The record has been described as more rock-oriented featuring musicians from the Red Hot Chili Peppers and Tom Petty's band the heartbreakers
What you're excited about that gonna go out and buy all about your copies of that. Yeah or burn them there's till you know
Do we have I'm sure you do I could I got it here. I got like 15 different versions of it
But I'm too lazy to do that plus it's a short show, you know and have time for messing around versions of what dancing in the street
Martha in the bandellas or or by whichever one you got. I'm sure you got that one
There we go
Excellent dancing on the street got Philadelphia Eagles linebacker Danny Jones arrested busted
Hey, like that talk so legal though very good dancing on the street you bet
At least I'm not me be
Okay, that's enough. I will see you Martha
Jones was charged with a misdemeanor or failure to obey a lawful command after he allegedly refused to stop dancing
Outside the South Miami Beach show South Beach club early Sunday, Quirin Miami Beach, Poles
He made few several orders to get out of the street and he was arrested said police spokesman Bobby Hernandez
Yesterday and unidentified woman Jones was dancing with and several other people did get out of the street Hernandez said
Police were responding to a call after traffic was blocked at 251 in the morning outside the snatch rock and roll bar and lounge
I'm not really sure if we can even say that
Got it. Jones 28 what that that we're here in lounge Jones 28 side an after David promising to appear in court for a Raymond
It wasn't immediately clear yesterday when that would happen or whether Jones lives in New York at high to lawyer the 612
45 Jones
As played the last two seasons with a Philadelphia Eagles he played in 16 games last season recording 70 tackles and one
Interception originally drafted out of Michigan by the Giants where he played for a season
See that explains that he's from Michigan. That's why he just don't obey the law and he just out there dancing in the street
Lesson kind of a jackass
Danny first of all Danny. It's DHA and I hope I'm pronouncing that correct am I John?
I believe it's Donnie or you know either way. It doesn't matter
Donner and Blitzen are you starting up with that the sandy cloth stuff again? Yeah, that's it Donnie Donnie Jones
I believe so
DHA and I Danny Donnie no matter how you spell it would have to be some other way
So anyway, there we go. No matter how you still dancing in the street with Martha and Van Dellis
What's the big sentence about dancing in the street anyway, right? Right cares to be the worst problem
Anyway, here's the a pull result so far what all-time athlete you dislike the most
I think that guy voted for Tiger Woods or he's got two already
I would both from two I did and I don't dislike him. He just I just like him. He just annoying three already
Thousand eight votes. What did I tell you? It's not even eleven o'clock yet the audience is on to us man
They realized that this is the weekend. We said our clocks ahead
Center in the night Sunday morning at 2 a.m. Said ahead an hour for three or four hours if you like
OJ Simpson 348 man a hating like poison
They would like to do bodily harm to you. OJ and boy I'd sure I'd side applaud
Yeah, you go guys kick his ass slice into ribbons very bonds 149
I see that's where I think there's a difference Josh
They hate very bonds like poison, but I think they wish him to want to do bodily injury to him
Yeah, but OJ oh, yeah
In fact George would like to volunteer you let you go down there without machete that's sitting on top of that the cabinet there
Yeah, very bonds are very strong second 149. I hate sports 60. I hate this pull 50
Yama Kobe grind 49 Mike Tyson 46
Terrell Owens 41 P rose 35 John Rocker 20. I'll Terrell Owens breaks his leg the first game with a cowboy
So be braces leg at a big mouth
Although what was the big deal with that spot? Who was it? Nicholas Sheridan? Was it at spot? Yes
Was a big deal with that there was nothing absolutely nothing didn't see any boobies didn't see any ass my god
Even as the told Georgia's are dressed to kill us not again with Angie Dickinson and Michael
Kane Steve Kane and even though it wasn't it was stunned double
But then let's the first half hour it was like a porn movie when you come right down to it when you say they did go right down to it
They did and so yeah, so did that guy in the cab Jose Konseko 28 Tonya Harding 21 Brian Cox 19 Kurt Bush 16
He ain't no crisp bush. I'll tell you that
Kurt Schilling 15 Ron art test 13. I hear his real artiste that run our test
He's an artist in a beast Roger Clemens 12 Mark Mcguire 12
Who doesn't want to talk about the past
Oh that was some performance man. You got a hand to him and just like a politician
Performer dancing
Kurt Warner 11 Todd Bertuzzi 8 hit him again Todd
See if you can smash his brains out
Sandy Peyton Manning 7 Keisha on Johnson 7 Ray Lewis 6 Ricky Williams 5
He's got just got a little substance problem
AJ Prisinski, no matter how you spelled see thank thank goodness we straighten that out nice going Eric 4 my bad
Wayne Gretzky 4 Needle Knows oh god, why despise him? I see him and I start getting showing up a little in my mouth
Tiger Woods 3 Phil McClellan 3 Raffi Palmero 3 although Rosanna Dana. She loves him
Used to anyway Michael Irvin 2 Ty Doe me 2 and Layton he would only got one because number one they have no idea who that is number two
He still don't look too bad
This is Neil Rogers
Oh this is 5 16 QA
This is the Neil Rogers show
What solid is your brain?
What is your brain?
Any question?
Well he's older than 30 and all of his parts are so my quality says so
Call it quiz
He's been there for a while
All his clothes on a sky
He's got gray hair under his armpits
All my 60 minutes is sad
They're losing their granddad
But like Wallace says it's time he goes
Cause it's here in Chatham
He's cleaned the lot
He's got something in out of his nose
And he wears glasses when windshield wipers are underneath his room
He's got tight fur, he's got cataracts
Have a few hard times
He's got livers but say they just did his truth
He has enough time making food
We've ever gone mad
It's here like Wallace
So I've said about 100 natural woods when he's been there snapping luricking suspenders
And squeezing lurries bag
That was pretty good
And his bizarre Martian son Chris Wallace was on her too from Fox News
That was okay
Christian Convert vanishes after release
I can't imagine why he made a quick b-line
Still far to his head
Oh come on
And I just want to show him a slice of life on the Muslim side
An Afghan man would face the death penalty for converting from Islam to Christianity
Quickly vanished today after he was released from prison
Apparently out of fear for his life with Muslim prayer still demanding his death
They're hot on his twale
Italy's foreign minister Gianfranco Fini said he would ask his government to grant Abdul-Rashman asylum
Fini was among the first to speak out in the man's behalf
He can hide in the Colosseum where he'll be safe
Or maybe it lilies in the Bronx
I'm sure they must have a Luigi's in Italy somewhere
Luigi
Remember life in Luigi with Jake Hill Nash? No you don't
How about your chicken act does
Rothman 41 was there
By the way I did a fact that thing to dev
I sure hope she got that she you know that talent sheet
I want some confirmation on that
I don't want to be hearing in a week
Oh well it never went through
I know it went through but that don't mean she got it
Okay, all right we'll uh
Double check it triple check it quite I don't want to excuse this come April 25
I don't want to get a check from like about 16 cent
Because that's about what it'll be
Based on the way things are going when that sales department
Oh my gosh
$6,000 that's the way it's going Troy
Just cost the $6,000 idiot
Rothman 41 was released from the high security polotersky prison on the outskirts of Kabul
It yesterday Afghan Justice Minister
Mohamed Sanwara Danish told his subject at press Danish
Wow man you thought he'd have changed his name after those cartoons right now that's been this
We released him last night because the prosecutors told us to we said his family was there when it was freed
I'm aware he was taken somewhere where he'll be safe far away
Deputy Attorney General Mohamed Ishak Aloko said the prize is there anybody over there not name Mohamed
Anybody said prosecutors had issued a letter calling for washmans for these because he was mentally unfit to stand trial
He also said he didn't know where washman had gone after being released but they sure like to find him for a little chat
He said Rothman maybe sent overseas for medical treatment
On Monday hundreds of clerics students and others chanting death to Christians
March through the northern afghan city of Mazir Aisha reef to protest the court decision sunny to dismiss the case
Several Muslim clerics straight into its side afghans to kill Rothman if he's freed
Saying that he is clearly guilty of apostasy and deserves to die
Several Muslim clerics keeping that in mind
Abdul Rothman must be killed Islam demands it said senior cleric Faiz Muhammad
There's another one from the nearby northern city of Kanduz the Christian foreigners occupying Afghanistan are attacking our religion
Oh, it's the religion is again they're all killing each other how unusual how unique
Rothman was arrested last month after police discovering with a Bible a Christian Bible no less during custody dispute over two daughters
It was put on trial last weekend for converting 16 years ago I thought it was 14 years ago
Well a long time ago while he was a medical aid worker for an international Christian group helping Afghan refugees in Pakistan
That'll treat teach you goi and stay in hell out of there for Christ's sakes he faced the death penalty under afghanistan's Islamic laws
The case had often outcry in the US and other nations that helped out the hardline Taliban in late 2001 and provided military support for Afghan president Karzai
Who's probably still on the board over a unicale
President Bush others had insisted Afghanistan protect personal beliefs
U.N. spokesman Aadman Edwards had rockman announced for asylum outside afghanistan
Femiy the Italian foreign minister was also deputy premier will seek permission to grab Rothman asylum at a cabinet meeting tomorrow
Femiy at earlier express at least indignation over the case even the pope appealed to Karzai for to protect the Rothman
Right protect the Rothman baby that's where it's at the Rothman they didn't respond to the Pope's you know request
No and as usual no nobody pays any attention her silly old man with a dress would you pay attention with silly old man with a dress with a hat like that
What you left your ass on yeah I'd pay a lot of attention though you sure so wouldn't kiss his ring I'll guarantee you that unless you want to catch something thousand forty six votes boy this is amazing isn't it
It's not like we had well we had a pretty good start because I put it on around six last night but not not a humongous start this is very impressive yes we almost makes you want to think that we got somebody out there
Almost oh god if we can only turn back the hands of time what all time athlete do dislike the most oh j 360 they want to get your ass oh j
They don't know and Kendall they want to put you on a roof and turn you be an airplane spin very bonds 158 I hate sport 62 I hate this pull 53 my Tyson 49 Kobe Brian 49 same guy
Terrell O'on's 43 Pete rose 36 John Rocker 28 we don't hear about him no mole is he even pitching a minor league ball do we know Josh yeah I don't he's done he's done
May in fact maybe he's just going around around on the subway with all those infected Haitians Jose Konseko 28 Tonya Harding 23 Brian Cox 19 Kurt Bush 17 Chris Bush don't have any
Kurt Schilling 15 Ron R. Tess 13 Roger Clemens and dozen Mark McGuire a dirty dozen Kurt Warner 11 on say Todd Bertuzzi 8 Wackem again Todd real hard right there on the side of the head
Keesha Johnson 8 Peyton Manning 7 Ray Lewis 6 or that Peyton Manning she's really something Ricky Williams 5 AJ Przenski 4 who is it again I don't know I don't know
Wayne Gretzky 4 Tiger Woods 3 Phil Michelson 3 she to golfers they can only get 3 Raphael Palmer or 3 Lied latent who it's got a pair now
Michael Irvin 2 and tie dummies got to how about those Panthers any interest no a little teeny tiny bit no they don't again that only joking oh here's next week schedule let's take a look now wait a minute no wait a minute this is this
week schedule redone re figured reconfigured now what it was at all about all Thursday all there is a God there's only
a God had a little you know Joseph Gaki to save in Joseph Gaki for Saturday when everybody's busy out doing something right okay I wonder why that happened
Thursday we got the big brock solid oh from 2 to 4 and mad dog 4 to 7 but that's right 2 to 4 was going to be Joe and then Friday we got the big oh
oh thank the Lord Joe Z was on I might have to like injure myself real badly when you think and pale myself on a sharp object or maybe just do it
to OJ they watch your ass OJ okay if I wouldn't be great to like watch him get lynched right in the middle of the town square if we had a town
square maybe it's a cruel score mall be good just hall is up to I asked up the cruel springs or maybe take him out to Davy
they sure like to do him in and Davy when they on Davy wrote extension who yeah where were the armadillo used to be
oh yes everybody gets a free shot at him and I'm Davy he shot means like that maybe even Dick Taney could come by and participate in that party they hate your ass OJ they want you
to date the A.D. date Scarlett Johansson tops a lovely list of the hundred sexiest women see this is right on the heels and we never even put her on
there on our pool the other day how that's your you guys bad I thought she was get out of here you crazy yes I am but I thought well I got the pool right
here let me take a puke at it I think I do I got the one from five years ago maybe I don't have that pool no more one so you could
tell me whatever you want just make it up you're famous for that anyway yeah I am not me I don't do such crap I don't know what I am I'm she was not it was
you guys I think she was yeah get out of here Scarlett freaking I think Ingmar Johansson was on air I think Scarlett Johansson was on our pool
well I'll tell you what see if she was on the first one she would have been on the second when she was not on the first two not on the first one
well did you guys add her on I don't recall that brand new person she wasn't really around the first time I understand that but I'm just
saying I don't recall anybody adding her on here it's possible that we missed her and and well I'm not over tight very bad oversight we might have to do that
over again right we should and I want to apologize personally to her and make it up to her yeah but you do she wouldn't touch you with a 10 foot pool I know but Scarlett Johansson tops a lovely list of the hundred sexiest women in the world
and a full readers by F H M magazine F H M I wonder that stands for one of the best things for a woman to hear is that she's sexy the 21 year old actress star of
match point had lost in translation set I'd like to thank F H M's readers for the huge compliment they are huge and here's a nice picture of Scarlett right there
at the golden globes Angelina Jolie was number two followed by oh the way did you hear this Jessica Alba and Jessica Simpson who
wanted to order in our list that's right here when I think she was never on our list how he varies Jenny McCarthy she was not our list Maria Sharapova was not
on list Carmen Lecturer and Terry Hatcher none of them were on our list no and big deal right Carmen Lecturer my ass Johansson ranked ninth
and last year's list Jolie was number one well she dropped down a couple of answers because now she's tainted goods like Brittany dropped way down
boy she's tainted her good oh oh oh oh man she has this nobody wants to well I think they might you know they're close enough for like a little sniff but that's about
it a long distance sniff it's remarkable how Scarlett Johansson has caught the attention of our readers at Scott Gremlin the magazine US editor in chief
her self-revoisin striking beauty certainly have a lot to do with that but she does have but so does the confidence she exudes she's
exuding it and extruding it she seems to be one of those women would be equally at ease on the red carpet as
she would be just hanging out with the guys the magazine's measure was on sale April 4 better say that's when we do that in a few days
okay what I mean the fact you guys left her off there that don't blame me for that that's not my herb expertise I got nothing to do with that
I'll take that I'm I'm I'll take your portion no I was just on the USTA website I was checking out this 19 year old harness driver now in what's
his name branded givens on the Delaware Circuit at Dober Downs in the Harrington Brandon is given it boy make you make some
people a big fan I'll say that or Doug Thompson's got a good company we got time for that we got an hour and
thirty nine forty nine minutes and during that hour forty nine minutes I'm not going to do more than hour and a
half on the sales department I know the audience is tired of hearing about that you're right I'm not I never mentioned again till
tomorrow they just they just are you know no matter how much you try to ignore it and doesn't cost any of
us a dime oh well you know it just the I just the idea that it's it's tragic to tragedy you work your ass off to
write like do something a little a little something something and these people back there they were excuse me because
man they're glorified order order takers I was very sorry to do by the way she still alive how they do what I
him in a real sure I haven't heard a thing about either one of them lately and I see a lot of similarities too
12 minutes past 11 a q and we got the marlins on deck marlins and the mits 105 man lot of interest in our part
this is me right up about big minutes is 5 16
eight
good
good
the
things that I hope were not
true
close the door and
love it real tight
make sure my best work in for the night didn't really know what else I could do even broke out the
glitch
thank my
full
that
he
I was turning through when the world gets raw
I don't know what to do, please don't ignore how to be
I hope he didn't get thrown for the time
That sure was it could be, but just in case I'm growing up I'm all free
I hope it's not as bad as I think
It might be called the CDC
1117 at 560 WDQ I'm happy to see you today
We should put Randy Johnson on the pool, you know what?
Okay
Do you think so, Josh?
I guess so
I think we were getting news today about Randy last year
His secret love child
Didn't see the story about his secret love child?
I did not
Oh, well we got that. It's coming
We got to say that in a secret anymore
Randy Johnson, no it ain't
Most she's how old is she? She's a 16
So it's an old story, but it's just making breaking news
Breaking news
How's Angela Ray doing? She's still an idiot?
Yeah
It saves one of those rhetorical questions
It's like our sales department, are they still incompetent?
Yeah
New sales guy still got that sudden draw
Yeah
He looked me right now
He looked me right now
And said, yeah well guess what?
He gave you a pile of crap, okay Chris?
He'll start to recognize the smell
The various crap and words coming from
You know what I'm saying?
What he said
Oh
Doug Thompson writes, the continued madness of King George
This is Capitol Hill Blue, your very favorite website
If you turn you around on that
With all the public fear over his use of the National Security Agency to spy on Americans and the near mutiny and the Republican Party over his high handed approach to the presidency
You think George W. Bush might have learned a thing or two about the dangers of arrogance
Now, not our despot in Chief King W. When he signed the extension of the USA Patriot Act in the law he added his own addendum to the law that says
He doesn't have to tell time was a damn thing about what he and his dorm troopers are up to when it comes to abusing the expanded police powers and including the bill
After the public ceremony Bush issued a signing statement that reiterated an impact Bush's belief that the Constitution is just a gd piece of paper
He doesn't feel constrained by a law or obligated by provisions of the act that require a uniform congress in a timely manner
I'm just what the FBI and other parts of his American Gestapo were up to when it comes to snooping into the private lives of Americans
The executive branch will construe the provisions I call for furnishing information to entities outside the executive branch
In a matter of consistent with the president's constitutional authority to supervise the unitary executive branch and withhold information from Congress and of course the public
Bush said Bush says he'll withhold information if he and only he decides disclosure would impair foreign relations, national security, the deliberative process of the executive or the performance of the executive's constitutional duties
The president's latest display of I am above the law arrogance might have gone unnoticed because most of the media concentrate on the public
Trump and circumcised that ignored the real story Charlie Savage of the Boston Globe was one of the few who reported on the signing statement
Yet Savage's story fell off the media landscape with a resounding thud as the rest of the mainstream was apparently cow-toed by Bush's threats to all reporters and editors in front of grand juries if they dear
Right about his abuse of the Constitution and the use of US spy agencies to snoop on Americans stuck with reporting on the president's latest road show to sell the failed Iraq war
Frankly, I'm surprised that political scientist George Harley who worked in the Nixon and Reagan White Houses I thought the story would have legs and get much more attention
After all the debate in Congress over the need for the president to keep them in the loop he simply signs away one of the key provisions of the revised act
The revised USA Ppud Act emerged from Congress of the number of oversight provisions requiring the president to report to the Hill on a strict timetable
One of those provisions said the White House had to tell Congress just how the FBI used the expanded wiretapping surveillance powers granted under the act
Some in Congress like Senator Patrick Leahy are pissed off his health at the president's claim that he's above the law
The president's signing statements are not the law and Congress should not allow them to be the last word Leahy said in a statement issued by the Orifice
The president's constitutional duty is to faithfully execute the laws is written by the Congress not to cherry pick the laws he decides he wants to follow
It is our duty to ensure by means of congressional oversight that he does so
Constitution law professors say Bush could be bluffing but history shows that Bush bluffs first and then goes ahead and does what he wants if nobody calls the bluff
David Golov a New York University law professor and expert on presidential power
She was told a Boston Globe that Bush's actions display a mind-bogglingly expansive conception of his power and the White House's blatant disregard for the role of Congress
On the one hand they deny that Congress even has the authority to pass laws on these subjects like torture and eavesdropping
In addition to that they say Congress is not even in television information about anything to do with the war on terrorism
Golov said Bush's actions are just another example of a madman who appears determined to destroy the Constitution and a country called America
Unfortunately this madman will continue to wreak havoc until somebody puts a stop to his insanity since dark times stop the insanity
Is never what your name said?
Susan powder?
Who was it?
Susan powder
Oh Susan powder I forgot all about that bitch
Oh yeah
You'll be happy to know she's got dreadlocks now and big old tattoo under chest
Oh no
What a guy
Yeah
Holy moly
Look at that phone man
I thought we'd interspersed here a little bit we only got an hour and a half to go
I guess we won't
I think to save some money for the company might as well take the phone out
Oh please
I mean oh that would be wrong
That would please you
Yeah you want to do that before the summer schedule starts what are you going to do?
No thanks
You start reading here every day?
Place of music
Oh yeah
You're going to have music here
Oh yeah
Yeah music in my ear
Oh yeah
WQA and it is, QIAM hello
Good morning Neil
Yes sir
Couple for the poll maybe I didn't hear the Brian Bosworth
No old news okay
Two old and okay have a good juice stuff psycho
Bill Romanowski kept spitting in all the other players faces a couple of years
No nobody cares about him either
What about speaking of spitting in faces what about Charles Barkley a Josh?
Okay but we're not putting Bill Romanowski on the poll but we're putting Charles Barkley
We can put a both on the poll I didn't say we're not
Okay
Boy you are really testy today
Discuss buried bonds is getting his ass whooped on this poll with 165 votes
He might even close to OJ and I'm sure he doesn't want to be either
All of it both California kind of guys now
I mean OJ don't want to be known as a buffalo guy I'm sure he's doing too many drugs and buffalo
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and the Verizon Singular wireless line
WQA and hello
Very near how you doing today
Okay
Hey 2 to 4, GLD and Roxy
Squeaky way through the afternoon
WQA and hello
WQA and hello
WQA and hello
Not there
QA and Ola
WQA and hello
WQA and hello
See now that killed six birds with one stone right there
See just you wait and you wait for the appropriate moment and then you're bashed
Smash it
WQA and hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
Actually that guy dancing in the street is named Duh Honey
Oh Duh Honey
That's how I don't know how I would say
I wouldn't call it a hire I'll tell you that
I heard the beast say this morning you
Duh Honey
Duh Honey
Duh Honey yeah
Oh God
There's a guy that's a guy in the draft his name is the brickishaw
And he actually has a process
Yeah I know that
Right I know the brickishaw
Maybe he was the
Maybe he was the Hansing in the street
Yeah he was the Hansing all over the place
Anyways how come you guys have a sponsor now that of this?
Those are what our sponsors okay
We only got about four of them left don't be starting with our sponsors okay
Jesus God get out of here this guy's probably working right across the street probably a counters by probably working into counter-roving
Or a chucks 5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 6 the you know something I don't hear anything about across the street anymore do you?
Anymore
Well I mean like about the you know a Greg Cotext right goose in the mouth with that phony that bogus pull in the hero
Do you know that we took good care? I wouldn't notice that if not for you
How do I did that get my facts?
I didn't check it
Don't don't wait because we're gonna be out of here before you can say it's your bribble man
We're gonna be gone. I'll be out there door like a shot a little dot. Oh how waddle over there. Yeah don't chucked out all
WQ a.m. Hello
Q.A.M. Yeah are you there are you there? Yes. I'm here. Yeah
Okay, you just want to make sure I'm here WQ a.m. Hello
Hello Neil yes sir. Yes sir how about putting a mic Schmidt?
Old news small potatoes mic Schmidt only the Philly fans hated him nobody nobody cares about that right Josh?
Why did the Philly fans hate him? He was awesome
The big the hit everybody because he struck out a few times who don't know is made a couple of errors a third base
I don't know Philly fans are brutal man a worse the absolute worst
That's why they call it filth and alphia in this spot. They just brutal and never met an athlete no matter how good he performs
It always got to do is looking them cross-eyed. We hate him. In fact, they make South Florida look really good
I mean a good contest Sarasota
South Florida and Philly
Which area's got the greatest hate?
26 past 11 a QM beach Ford has gone nuts
It's madness and March all this month at beach Ford and of course the month is almost over so get your ass in there
They just miss breaking their all-time record in February so they're gonna break this record this month and right now
I said to camp Ford F-150s as low as 240 nine a month with just 995 downpuss fees with approved credit and a 39 month
Least madness and March at beach Ford means you got to be mad enough to take advantage of rebates and discounts
About the 10 grand on all new and used vehicles if you're not in the market for a new car
But no somebody who was sent them into beach Ford because if they take delivery this month beach Ford will send you 200 bucks
And that money comes from their advertising budget. They will absolutely not tack it under your friends price and piss him off or her or it
Don't miss out on this once your event is beat Ford madness and March going on right now
Extended camp Ford F-150s is low as just 240 nine a month
This cuts in rebates of up to ten thousand dollars and two hundred dollars in cash just for referring a friend
Hurry on in beat Ford is located two mausies to the golden glades on
163rd Street in West Dixie highway. It's glad and teed you'll love your beach Ford experience
This is Neil Rogers
This is five-sexy
Beware of exploding balls. Hi, this is old Jay
Since I've been released from jail. I like to keep track of my bitches
So I recommend to you new old gay Simpson bitch jack for women
Believe me brothers you won't get jack with bitch jack
Just a tad to small homie device the old bitches leg and you can track her all around town
And just in case she jeet and she'll get a beating
You see when your woman be messing around
Too bitch jack for women. Let's out an inaudible beefing sound. It only you can hear and once they catch her
She's all yours
Yeah
Here's me mr. Simpson. We tracked down your old lady with a white man. What shall we do with her?
Why thank you officer. I'll handle it. You bitch. Don't you know I'm tracking you with bitch jack?
I'm gonna cut your throat you bitch
Don't remember your hold won't get very far with old gay Simpson's new bitch jack for women
Hey just because oh jay's free
Don't mean no bitches got to be free too
They love you. Oh jay man a just they got a special place in her heart for it special place in hell
Oh, I'm just reaching back to get the rest of the story here wait till you're in this all right ready
Well, you already teased it what if it's what I think you're gonna start out about Casper Weinberg. Oh no, he's dead something else. Okay
No, who cares about him? Maybe it's old enough. He was the secretary of state. He's dead long time ago
Woman gets a hundred dollar ticket for a bumper sticker that I can't say but I can spell it on the year. Okay?
B-U-S-H-I-T
Denise Queer is a nurse at Emory University. I can't say it can I though oh?
Denise Queer is a nurse at Emory University Hospital in Georgia on marks tense
He was driving home from dinner when a DeCalb County police officer pulled her over at least initially
I was just surprised because I had done anything wrong. She's it when he approached the car
He had his hand on his weapon and I was in my nurses uniform with a stethoscope around my neck
Sounds like something from crash. Mm-hmm. He asked for my license and then said any idea why I stopped you
I said no you have a lured decal on your car
He said Greer said she immediately thought that one of her kids had put something nasty on her bumper as a joke
Then he mentioned the bush thicker she said the one that says I'm tired of all the
B-U-S-H-I-T the story first reported by Joe Johnson to the Athens banner hero that says remember Joe Johnson
I was talking about him just the other day. Yes
Greer said she told the officer it wasn't lured and that it was clearly a political statement when he insisted it was lured
She said I'm not going to discuss this any further just give me the ticket which he did under offense
It said lured decals the tickets for a hundred bucks Greer has no intention of paying it
I'm so appalled that the officers attempt to squash my freedom of speech
He told the banner hurled elaborating to the progressive rear says people are wrong to view this in a partisan way
I'm not just it's not just a Democrat Republican issue. She says y'all need to get beyond that
It's my right to speak in yours y'all need to get beyond that she said y'all
Jerry Weber the legal director of the ACLU of Georgia's representing Greer the indicators are that the officer didn't like her
Views of president Bush and that was the motivating factor he says Weber says the ticketing was clearly ill legal and totally
Acceptable they labeled unacceptable. He says the Georgia Supreme Court struck down the Lut bumper sticker statute way back in 1991
In a case involving a defendant who had a Schmidt happens bumper sticker
They shouldn't keep happening 15 years later he says after the criminal cases over
Weber says he and Greer may file a civil rights claim good. Sue their ass billions of dollars. Okay bring that
Jackass down
Leave the Cal County police department wouldn't discuss the facts of the case
We won't don't comment other officers ticket set officer Herschel's grand gen who handles media affairs
The officer is making his decision on the street that's going through legal channels now
By the way, this is in the first time someone in Greer's family's gotten trouble over a bumper sticker last year or 20 year old
Sun was pulled over in Athens, Georgia for having a bumper sticker that said oh, no, I can't read that don't do it
Signed out with cyber. I'll try to do the best I can all right
Vorschux
Period cheney too
When you like that, well, that's good it is good and very sad I can't read it. It's a new story. I still can't read
Because I don't get Joyce
She says the police officer told her stun if you don't remove the bumper sticker
I'm taking you to jail so he removed it. He thought it was kind of funny
She says though she told him she'd rather hand go to jail and take her bumper sticker off Greer has a court date of April 18
How do you like that? That's a good one
And little more see we never gave the update on the good things that are happening in Iraq because we're under so much stress because we got that
Marlon game God don't you just hate when we got to get out of here really I got a right and crap and a Russian like
Dark through this thing like a bad out of hell we only had an hour in a quarter to go for Christ's sakes
Well, here's some more of the good news from Iraq some of the good stuff that Rumsfeld says the media never wants to say
It's happening at least 35 abducted and bagged that in just two days
Kidneyppers have snatched at least 35 people in a string of abductions across Baghdad the past two days
They occurred at two electronics stores a currency exchange and trading company as violence raids over the past 24 hours
Things are going just hunky-dory. Oh, where far as Bob Shiefer would say okey-dokie
You know since that day I turned him off. I don't know how long it's been really you're gonna have something like that
I've never turned it back on not once
Anyone know why why cuz I know he's still there
I if they do if they do the unmancipable thing and actually go ahead and put Katie Kirk on there
I wouldn't even watch that once yeah Katie Kirk my ass that what does that tell you about the network?
So he did the thing she's the answer to their problems John Roberts would have been just fine
There's not a damn thing wrong with it now. He's sitting there on CNN with a bubble head in the morning that
Imbassil so they dead
Traveling in 10 vehicles mask gunmen dressed like Iraqi police commanders kidnap 10 employees working at a
Theywoo international electronics store in eastern Baghdad they woo we've seen that
Main and police commander uniforms target another daywoo store in central Baghdad
I've got to the store owner two workers
So in other words you go out of your house in the morning if you can make it to work alive
You're not really sure whether you're gonna be alive by the end of the day or give kidnapped or all of these things
Robert's and military style uniforms kidnapped six people from a currency company in western Baghdad
Also took several thousand dollars while they were added how do you like that took several thousand seven thousand dollars several
What are you gonna do about it? You fail right?
Rafid Salim Salah a worker with the Saeed important export company avoided capture told the A&P the trading for men in
Iraq more than 30 years
And was involved with electricity projects out the Baghdad he said motive for the abessions wasn't known the company has no political or terror as ties
He's told AP we don't even keep a gun also Monday gunman shot and killed a pharmacist is the left working bagdads
Amrea neighborhood and in a ton of his office over shot and killed yesterday in southwestern Baghdad last night
Iraqi police found four bodies three men and a woman in western Baghdad all had been shot in the head and left inside of a car
14 bodies also were discovered on a highway in western Baghdad and a
Racking tear ministry officials said all were shot in the head and
Dade and a rocket signed into my house yesterday last night north of Baghdad near Balod
Ruiz and wounded six people including two little children four people were wounded including three police when a roadside
Bomb had a police patrol to them northern Iraq city of Kirkuk and a
Subitone was injured when a vehicle total explosive then they did in northwestern Baghdad other than that everything is a
Okay, baby. It is a okay. It's going good. What's not to like right right?
All you complainers out there you whiners you communist this man get behind a president way behind him
Here's what's on a pool 1146 votes. What is going on man? That's what Marvin Gaye wanted knowing that look what happened to him
I still think that Ben Harper and what's your name?
It's Joan Osborne or to do an album all the more time rates but they'd be good
I agree and they could do like the Marvin Gaye and Tammy Torell stuff, you know absolutely. Do you think what you say?
That's what I'd like to say. No, I'm serious. So they're both great
I just see like you say I know you send me those two Ben Harper D CD-Adverture I appreciate but they suck
I mean his his music is garbage. He can't write but he show can't write sure can sing of course
She I don't know about her writing but she can delve out 45%. We love that. We love that. You know she did think God is one of those songs
Which we like in the way right what if God's a small cannabis that's right
One all-time athlete you dislike the most and I dislike people say athlete. Oh God. Do I hate that?
What's another word like that that people mispronounce?
I said Danny is instead of Dahani so what do I know?
Yeah, I remember that song by Bobby Goldberg. Oh, honey. Oh, honey. I miss you remember that yes and Dahansing in the street
Oh, Jason since in 391 very bonds 169. I hate the sports
67
Oh, it's Bobby Goldberg music to blow your brains out fire the most morbid music ever written
In his tree how big it's oh
Oh, Bobby Goldberg. He just makes you want
Okay, it's enough of it. Mike Tyson 57. I hate this pull 55 Kobe Bryant 53
Terrell Owens 48. Oh Jerry Jones man. You talk about water seeking its own level perfect match
P rose 41 Joel John rocker 34. He's probably an old conqueror old John rocker Jose Konseko 33
I'm surprised he ain't doing a lot better. That way that he lie and then write that book and say oh I didn't mean it
But you know the fact that he is brother always always in big trouble
Tiny Harding 25 Brian Cox 21. How soon they forget Kurt Bush 18 Kurt Schilling 18
Don't be Kurt with me Roger Clemens 13 run our test 13 mark McGuire on lucky 13
Kurt Warner 12 Keeshawn Johnson 10
Top virtuosy 8 Sandy Peyton Manie. She's got seven Ray Lewis six Tiger Woods five
Michael Irving five Ricky William is five
AJ Prasinski four and who the hell knows who that is
Wayne Greskey needle nose four latent he was got three lead poor latent all-on
He used to look real good not so much no more film Nicholson tree Raphael Palmeiro three Ty Doe me two old Ty dummy number 28
Not so great Randy Johnson's got one 16 year old elegant. I ever do that story. Oh here. I got it's coming
Uh Charles Berkeley and Bill Romanowski between the two of them that we had a big debate over whether we should they both got the big oh so far
Not doing it
This is Neil rush hour nine minutes before to begin up. They were counting you in the 10 maulens in the mess big one
Aridians done as dirt
Beautiful. Oh, he's on fire right now. She's smoking little pistol isn't she really though. We're just like any other couple
Even better than
Between her lies and now she is with child and her names and
This exit that hotel
They
Oh
Oh

Never
Oh, right has got my new friend
It's nearly my fault since she's been out by the assortment
That only two raiders this world wide are holding
Old Brad doesn't mind the baby, looks a bit jinnies
It's like joining the U.N. World of End with that Selena Jolie
The world where kids I sold them to the lady in Costa Rica
So I said how much you liked them?
We have buffaloes and kids
When you get a run cycle of Nordic swimsuits
Our kids are really track and are you ready to?
Yes!
Yeah, what if they're gonna have crater phase like daddy?
I hope they wear a lot of makeup
Levent 48, yes that's proof right there that not everything in life is as it appears to be, you know?
Right
Which we already know that, especially here
But it's like a close-up
Randy Beans Ma of Love Child
Yankee Ace Sui X Gallup Pal over payments for girl 16
This is in the New York Daily News
Randy Johnson, did we put him on air or not?
Yeah, we put him on air
And he's got one vote probably her, probably the daughter
Randy Johnson has a secret love child
Well, if it's good enough for Jesse Jackson, well, you're good enough for Randy, huh?
And the Yankee superstar is playing a hard ball with the girls' mom was revealed yesterday
The famous heroine left you make 16 million a year as Sui X's girlfriend Laura Rozel
for less than 100 grand in child care payments for their daughter Heather
Now 16, according to Corvip papers revealed by the smoking gun website
Oh, really, Roberto Rozel or as a Laurel's mother told that he tried New Year's Day
But told the lawsuit, that sounds like Randy
In fact, the original headline on this story was
Big Unit has a small unit
Really?
Yes, that's cute
The striking troll athletic looking teen refused to talk when she came to the door of her family's home
Overlooking a picturesque bay in Washington State
The big unit yesterday admitted fathering the childering in a fair when he was a
Lanky rookie with an asked the fast ball in a bright future
But Johnson insisted he's always tried to do right by the girl despite his mind dispute with her mama
I do acknowledge I have a daughter from a previous relationship which ended years before my marriage
Johnson for a two-zennestayman
I fully financially supported her and have made every effort to protect her privacy
Laura Rozel, 46, is working at the Lawrence Livermore National Lab in Northern California
When she started going out with Johnson, a Californian that made it in late 88
She broke up with the future super star midway through a pregnancy and called a daughter
His dark little secret in an interview with the smoking gun, his little dark secret
What do you mean?
I'm saying that a little bit on the way up there, we don't have no picture
No
Rozel said Johnson only saw the girl one soon after her birth and said that he never made any effort to be involved in her life
Nope, nothing ever she told her wife someone asked about Johnson's relationship to the girl
Court papers reveal that Johnson first agreed in 1997 to pay five grand a month in child support for
Heather Rozel, plus another 750 bucks in monthly daycare expenses
Laura Rozel claimed things turned sour last year when she asked the all started by Heather Recarr and put the bill for community college classes
He fired back with illegal equivalent of a high-hard fastball
The man named that she retired about 71 grand in daycare payments
Plus 26 grand in interest because the teen was too old to be in daycare legal paper show
Yeah, I don't think when you're 16 you go to daycare, do you?
My daughter was 16 hasn't been in daycare for at least five years Johnson said legal after they've filed paperwork third
Rozel should not have received a windfall for expenses that she didn't incur you go unit
Johnson known for intimidating opposing her with his icy stare and a hundred mile hour fastball became a board again Christian in 1992 after the death of his father
He married his wife Lisa soon after with the couples got four children
The sometimes ornery six foot ten hurler got off to a bad start with the New York media last year
When he grappled with the photographer in the TV cameraman after signing with the bombers
Observers will be funneled at Johnson with foul lawsuit over what amounts to chum change for the millionaire all while risking a wanted publicity on intensely private matter
He had an uneven season last year but is the ace of the bomber staff penciled in the start opening day
Well, he's the ace of their staff maybe they'll have a bad year with only hope and pray
Oh God, the Yankees
Oh man, oh Larry bird, okay, let's get him on there right away
Got him on her yet?
He's out there
Facts is not only is Larry bird any literate racist but he's also a deadbeat dead he needs to be on today's pool
Also, even if he wasn't a little bit or it wasn't a racist white guys who played basketball are like black Republicans, gay Republicans, female Republicans, Jewish Republicans, etc.
Complete any jackballs who should be taken out in a shot
Wow, there's no need for them on this earth
Well, what about the y'all and the Chinese guy for Houston? What's his name? Y'all mean? Y'all? Y'all? Y'all? Y'all come back?
So yeah, Larry bird, I hate him, I want to smash his face and it says I feel better not have a great effing day
Ha ha ha ha, right!
Get it out of your chest
That's the idea with these poles baby, get it out of your system, turn it loose
Like what's your name used to say, Sammy Smith, he's dead now and that song helped me make it through the night, turn it loose
That's that culture thing, you know, turn it loose and uh oh God
Jerry Wittsner, he's been dead a long time, you know what?
So many dead radio people and so little time
We got almost 1200 votes can you believe it's 1185
That is sensational, Larry Burgess went on her, he and Charles Barkley will have any of it
Oh and there she has Sammy Smith, she still, you can out the hits
Help me
Make the rhythm from my
Make it through the witch me show
Hi Jared, it's Chubby Check them in
Make it loose
Now do you ever hear that show, do you ever hear it Wittsner?
No, I never had that
I remember the Witts' news days as before your time
Oh, sorry
It wasn't a talk radio in those days or in these days
Good choice, me either
Help me make it, oh boy that was something
He had like a one book, he had a 33 share during Wittsner
What does that tell you about the old parts?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, run to a lot of pressure here man
We got less than an hour before that pregame
57 minutes but who's counting right?
But we just weaned a few of these very important calls
Although I don't want to put any more names on this list
We got almost 1200 votes already, that indicates to me we got more than enough idiots on there for you to hate
We don't need any more hate targets right?
God, I got one no for you
No I am serious, Jim Brown
White feeding, girlfriend beating, even as grub maybe with the greatest football player to ever live
Certainly one of the top 10 Jim Brown Cleveland Browns
He's four judges time
You sure know Jim Brown though right?
For movies
Yeah, well it wasn't movies, he was in all of them disaster movies with OJ like Earthquake
But what was he in?
I don't know, he did a bunch
But those right?
Right
Bad, bad actor and bad, bad with the women man
He had a few women problems
Jim Brown, get him on there
Great, great football, maybe my favorite football player of all time
Those were the days man
Those were the days, next time Brady of course
WQAM, hello
QAM
Going once, going twice, you're on
WQAM, hello
This web based tool is available
20 pounds
Yeah, we got your tool right over here
WQAM, hello
Not there
WQAM, hello
Yale
Yes sir, here's our cluster of calls for this hour, yes
How you going?
Okay
Can I pull one on the phone?
No, okay, that's our cluster of calls for this hour
That's my new format
Tom's there
No, I'm serious
I'll give it a shot now and it's different
Anybody with something to say and you know it doesn't, as you know it doesn't take that many
To find out if there is or not
Well, you're on sand
You know what I'm saying?
That's like pebbin' for boys
Like that, and they're not so I'm moving right along
Bub, blue, bubble, bubble, bubble
And I do it right, come on
You're sitting a bad example
That's better
Now we can do it
Listen, I thought we could play that four hours a day
You get a 15-share
Let's try the next rating boy
Come on
Bub, blue, bubble, bubble, bubble, bubble, bubble, bubble, bubble, bubble
And everybody is telling me to do that
They are
You can do that and you got nothing else going on
Bub, blue, bubble, bubble, right
I think it's an end format
We can package it and sell it
So to cheap channel
They'll have like 75 bubble stations on the air before you know it
It's a new radio format
Bob Bluth for 2006.
They all not.
Beats the crap they're putting on here.
11.56, we got Mad Dog after the ballgame,
stick around after the Amarlins and the Mets, please,
because Mad Dog would like to have your accompany.
And then, of course, let him our test 7-10, that speaks for itself.
How'd you like to follow that, Curtis?
Even said, well, you will, like old fingers 10 o'clock to do for Eddie Kay.
Poor Curtis.
Why'd he give him an eyeball?
You know, at least he's on the air anyway.
They don't like him because he's not an old Jew.
You know, being outdoors a lot in South Florida
really needs comfortable shoes.
The only place you ought to be thinking and dragging your feet
is Brandy Shoes in Pompano Beach.
Brandy's carries major brands like Floreshime,
Echo, Mephisto, Rockport, Harsport,
New Balance, and Tons of other name, brand shoes,
in all sizes for men and women.
And they even carry wide wits and hard to find sizes
if you got like funky feet.
Brandy Shoes is the largest independent shoe retailer
in all of South Florida.
And when you go there and you see the selection value
you get at Brandy's, you'll see what I've been raven about them for years.
Go see my good friend Arnie.
He'll make sure you get the right fitting shoes
at the right price every time.
Brandy's isn't like those department stores
where you wander around waiting desperately
to get service, then they tell you after all of that time,
oh you like that style, we don't have it in your size.
The only thing they do at Brandy's is shoes,
so they know it inside and out.
You never have to worry about size, selection, or service, or price.
Brandy Shoes will find them at 12.90,
North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach between Atlantic and Copens
on the east side, you can't miss them.
Brandy's open every day, seven days a week,
Monday through Saturday till 9, and every Sunday till 5.
And this week is a stupendous time to buy naturalizers
at Brandy's, all great women's styles, 10 bucks off.
So be sure to get in at Brandy's, do your shoe shopping this week
or do it on their website at Brandy's Shoes.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69 A.M.
This is Mark Morgan, it's the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M.
So what's too crazy about the IRS man?
Not good, that's bad.
The cheating laughing when you think of him.
It's not not like you have names.
They're at the door door, let the party heard me.
They come running different classes, you can't.
No one's too crazy about the IRS man.
So I'm going to put it 5.60, that way the Q8M is a short hour.
We got 48 minutes to go, get that timer clicking, baby.
Get it clicking, click on it.
Because we got the pre-game show at 12.50.
Marlins in the message 105 from Jupiter, they're out of this world.
How about those panthers?
Oh, that was something I just think, did you get one call about
the panthers this morning, not a one?
I mean, I understand this is very little interest,
but they won 60 in a row.
They actually got a shot at a playoff, so it's like a miracle.
A month ago, people would like to laugh you off the street.
Not one, Hank says, oh, they care about the heat.
Oh, Dion Sanders, excellent choice.
That is a fabulous choice.
Do you think?
I got that one, Dion, so I can't play.
Right?
We got the one that you can't play.
Must be the money.
Oh, yeah, he gives me the shiflkeys.
Oh, Dion Sanders, talk about it.
It's tough out there for a pimpt.
He got the money of an athlete and the address is like a pimpt.
Boy, he is something.
Dion Sanders, got that neon, Dion?
Yeah.
Good.
Now, how's Dad doing?
Did she get my F thing?
Yes, she did.
Good.
Okay, just double-checking, because I don't want it to rush off to lunch
and then fight out tomorrow.
Oh, guess what?
I think God jammed into the machine, man.
And they never got it.
Yeah, right.
I always got some story.
And how come they want that today?
They's only the 28th of March last time I checked.
We got three days left in the month after this.
Or do we all get the rest of the week off?
I'll tell you what, in the way this place is going,
we all ought to take the rest of the week off.
What difference is it going to make?
Boy, you talk about floating.
My God.
They knew Ray Jean we got here.
They just floating their way through.
And did you ever see Troy Stradford today?
Thinking.
Yeah, did you ever see Chris Jones?
Did we ever get like a follow-up on a conversation from last Friday?
And here's one of the really good you split in your size laughing.
How long before you think we get those client feedback sheets?
Oh, my God.
What a sense of humor this face.
Still hasn't lost it, God.
He's a hundred years old.
And he's still got it.
Just kidding.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Regularly, the next question.
Rock bottom, factory direct prices, and the best brands you know trust and love.
Seely, Serta, Simmons, King Coral, Tempurbidic, and Sterns and Foster Huat 2.
And right now, Donald Matriss is offering you no payments or interest for 12 months.
So what are you waiting for?
Call 1-800-Matriss right now or log out of their website,
mattress.com, for the best sleep you've ever had in your life.
1-800-MATTRES, leave off the last one, because it stands for Sensational Stupendous Savings.
This is Neurodgers.
This is 5.62-A-MATTRES.
The Unlittle Curry Newers, the Neel Rogers.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
This got head up on.
And took a hit in Woody, act like Cheech and Chong.
And get some munchies and make roundly stills with hats.
And Woody's share it with Jesus and the saints.
Those highest hotheads.
And yeah, yeah.
Hot is grace and yeah, yeah.
Hot is good and yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Hot is God's most cannabis.
Logan's heart's like one of us.
Get in high on the back of the bar.
You're feeling loads of spitting soar.
All the greyhound must do roll.
Oh, my God.
Look at some bad looking old roll.
So shall I pull down back to take home?
No good fate for Marley on his throne.
No fun in heaven, let's go.
Look at that.
We got 240 votes.
I think 1240 was WGBA in Geneva, New York, I do believe.
I never worked there, but young Neil did.
I think I did like that.
And yes, we don't have any.
Jim Brown, Larry, Bird and Charles Berkeley don't have any.
Oh, how fast they forget.
What's the end of that?
The only on the on's got, uh, what was he?
We can put him on here.
Sure, we always got three already.
We realize how fast he's moving on up.
So to put him on there a long time ago.
Nice suit by the way, Dion.
Rod Roddy would be proud.
Now you talk about a nerd.
There is a kid with also the name of Skylar Bartels.
He's from Harvard, Nebraska.
Oh, anyway, and I was just telling you about seeing Dress Decre last night with Angie Dickinson.
We know the kid that played her son that was in Christine.
That nerdy looking kid with the goofy glasses.
Yeah.
Well, that's what this kid looks like.
Now why is this kid important?
Because he spent his spring break, not at Daytona, not in Cocoa Beach, not in Nolines, uh, at Walmart.
Do you see this story?
No.
I think what he's really trying to tell the world is...
I have no life.
Skylar Bartels kept looking over his shoulder.
It's a habit he picked up living at the Windsor Heights Walmart for three days.
Living there, eating, sleeping, checking out the DVDs, never leaving.
The plan was to spend his entire spring break there under the radar.
Some kids go to Cancun.
Skylar Bartels, a Drake University sophomore from Harvard, Nebraska, and looking every bit of it, went to the Garden and patio department.
The real experiment had been over for a few days, but Bartels was still in great experiment mode, as we sat in the booth in the subway sandwich shop through the front of the store.
Haha.
Oh, oh.
He glances at the friendly white-haired Walmart greeters.
Were they onto him?
Were they staring?
Bartels were still suffering from greeter phobia.
He was never out to get Walmart, he explained.
This wasn't supposed to be an expose.
He didn't burst through the door, stewing about low wages for working conditions, or the way the big chain chews up mom and pop stories.
This was part sociology experiment, part school project, part professional neurod I think.
Bartels is a writing major.
Maybe he put it all down on paper and pick up an independent study quitted, or even sell it to somebody someday.
Maybe he moved to another Walmart and produced a documentary, like the guy who weighed nothing but McDonald's for a month.
They did it.
Bartels got the idea from a commercial.
Was it true that those happy, shiny people were telling him, always low prices?
Always?
Could the biggest, most successful discount store in the world really meet his every need?
24 hours a day?
That's what the TV spots were telling him.
That was the goal, he said, to buy everything I needed at Walmart.
There's a picture of him with sister Mary Sue a nun.
And you know something hard to tell him apart.
His father told him to go for it, offered to bankroll the project.
On Sunday his girlfriend dropped him off at the front door and drove away.
The game was on.
He didn't tell Walmart what he was doing.
It's probably a good thing.
We weren't aware of this, so corporate spokesperson, when she earned a webber.
But it's not something we condone.
We're a retailer, not a hotel.
Really?
You know something?
Probably give him an idea.
Walmart hotel.
Yeah.
That was a good idea.
I think everybody could go crash at Walmart.
A great law professor gave Martel some advice to store his private property if they ask you to leave, go quickly and quietly.
Martel's walked into the big box wearing jeans and white t-shirt.
He had a cell phone in case of emergency, his heart medicine, his bank card, two forms of ID and nothing else.
He spent the first afternoon watching chicken little, the animated Disney film.
He watched it all.
The deleted scenes interview is out.
It takes everything.
They headed on a continuous loop the whole time.
I was there.
He said, I passed through the department and said, oh, it's about halfway through.
I like this part.
I think I'll watch it again.
Oh, brother.
I have no life.
Martel's decided not to buy anything he couldn't carry around the store.
He ended up with a jacket for storage space, a notepad, some pencils, an electronic voice recorder, a free pack of underwear, a coma toothbrush, and some toothpaste.
He lived off energy drinks, donuts, yogurt, and subway sandwiches.
He figured he slept four hours at the 41 in captivity.
He caught a few minutes whenever he could, and a subway booth or restroom stall, which isn't recommended, especially with the night stockers bursting in every five minutes.
Night stockers.
Remember that show?
It's a duke.
I got to the point he said where I was indebted falling asleep on the toilet seat, which sounds kind of weird.
Oh, maybe that's what happened in yesterday, the U.
Maybe the sales holes fell asleep on the seat.
They're sleeping at the switch.
Maybe they're asleep on the seat.
Well, I beat them to it this time.
Well, thank god.
You're learning your lesson, man.
Get in there early, early and often.
The best place for dosing was lawn and garden where the lights weren't so bright.
Nobody worked there between two and four in the morning.
Martel's found a lawn chair kicked back and wondered how life could be better.
Life would be perfectly discovered without the worker who showed up before dawn to stock plants.
Martel's hopped up and pretended to be looking for home patio furniture.
That wonderful A&M shift was at 80 low points.
Someway was closed.
Martel's was off in the only Walmart shopper, which made it harder to blend into cosmetics and sporting goods.
Oh, and it goes on and on.
He was sitting on a floor reading a magazine at 3 a.m. when a man shooting from the cold walked in, bought an atlas and left.
You'd see a lot of people reading to Martel said, Cosmopolitan was a huge favorite.
But nobody ever checked the magazine section and never saw anybody stalking books or magazines.
He found it strange the way the same two guys kept showing up in the middle of the night to buy movies.
They looked like the devil's reject kind of guys.
He said, but they ended up buying stuff like Charlie and the chocolate factory.
Uh-huh.
Like I said, the message is...
I have no idea.
And I'm going to be able to relate to that.
Believe you me.
We've talked to many of you and there is no doubt.
5.6.7.1. I'm not giving the phone number out. I got no time for any call.
Do I? Well, I got a call.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
See, and that's because there's no third break this hour, which there would be if we had any spots or if anybody knew how to do the log.
Or if the sales department was like on top of these things, there's more money. This hour is evidence.
Okay. Make a copy of this log. We'll produce it as evidence in court.
Peeing it away. WDQ-A-M, hello.
Maybe they wouldn't have to borrow money to buy the radio stations if they weren't peeing all the money away down the toilet.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
Hey, me, how may I do it?
Okay.
I do have one good thing. Actually, I mean, I know I always take the beesleafs and everything like that.
But they actually just open smart over here on the West Coast.
You heard they got rid of that idiot Liz Wilde. They fired her ass again.
Yeah, big news.
Yeah, well, that's good news. That's good news. Maybe they'll actually get... maybe they'll put you on over here now.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, okay.
Give it.
Top of a couple more of those, whatever you're taking.
Wow.
5.6.7.0.5.60.
They've arrived in Singular, wireless lines. What's upon the time we were on over there?
Remember those glorious days in Fort Myers?
Oh, yeah.
The salad days.
Woo! We did. We have an audience over there?
No.
Or what? My God. We were kicking big fat smelly ass.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
Money.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
Who's Q-A-M?
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah, hello.
Yes.
I, in the middle of the street, go...
WDQ-A-M, hello.
I made number one. That's unbelievable.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, does Q-A-M get a massive power surge when they put a Marla's game on and everyone turns the radio off?
Yeah. Yeah, we've been able to run energy there. We've cut down our FP and O bill.
Excellent.
Thank you.
Okay. No problem.
Hey, how about those Hurricane basketball games we had a couple weeks ago?
Those are really big ratings, they're killer. I mean, they're grabbers.
They were grabbing it.
Couldn't you hear them?
I heard them.
They're from the Tourland Tourland Seed.
Wow.
Gwen, Mikkelson writes in the center, you're right, no more causes. Sorry.
I told you I didn't have time.
And you're like, oh, yeah, you're good.
No, I don't.
I don't have time.
We only got 25 minutes, Mr. Plus, we got a lot of exit music, man.
Yeah, that's certainly the volume of the time.
Not bad.
Yeah, yeah.
It's the funs, brothers.
Roll band, right?
Nice.
I can put that like I could loop it, you know, and play that for like 25 minutes.
It's a possibility.
All we could alternate it, we could loop that, and then we could like, express it with...
I'm thinking that's a format.
I don't know about you.
No, I'm thinking we break that down and sample it and make a song out of it.
Yeah.
Just as long as we put on endless loop.
Right.
Something for you to think about since you want to play a lot of music this summer when
you shut the phone off.
The American people share the blame for the war in Iraq.
That was one of the messages during the Iraqi women speak out to an anti-war event that
drew hundreds of attendees to the veterans memorial building in Santa Cruz.
When you look at the lead up to the war in Iraq, I blame President Bush.
I blame Congress.
I blame the media, said Scott Ritter, former Marine, former UN Chief weapons inspector for
Iraq, and contributed to the book Neocon again, a compilation of condemnations of the Iraq
war.
But I'm not cutting any slack for the American people, he said.
Americans, he said, have grown accustomed to lifestyle.
They cannot sustain.
Many Americans have failed to engage, he said, making the American government more of an
oligarchy than a representative democracy.
As a nation, we are mute.
We are silent, Ritter-funded.
And he is absolutely correct, sir.
The event was part of a tour organized by San Francisco International Human Rights Organization
Global Exchange that sent a Iraqi women to speaking engagements across the country,
talk about their experiences and the U.S. invasion.
But the Iraqi women scheduled to speak and be sent to Cruz event, Faiz al-Arajee, couldn't
make it because of exhaustion.
For a Iraqi women are participating in the project, speaking at events colleges, houses
of worship and other places, giving local newspaper interviews and speaking on radio
shows.
Al-Arajee said Benjamin has been mostly centered, and initially conservative parts of the
country.
We found that people are hungry for information no matter where they are, said Benjamin.
Al-Arajee said Benjamin maintains that Iraqis are capable of stopping civil war if the
U.S. troops would just leave.
Others say they may hope that their children will come home alive from school each day.
Such information was one of the things that Jay Johnson and Santa Cruz came to hear.
I am interested in the war when I learned more information I can get about it.
He said especially the women's issues, that search for information also drew Dina Scopat,
a Scopatoni of Aptos.
I am waiting to find out the truth, I guess, or a little bit more of a Chibi San.
Also speaking at the event was Reyna Governe, a former U.S. Army captain who put a lot of
his articles on our website, Reyna Governe, and a former CIA analyst.
We have a detailed, not present, Bush-eyed, stepped-led Geneva conventions leading to
our publicly acknowledged policy of torturing people.
We have all heard it was a couple of bad apples at the bottom, but I have documentation
that it was bad apples at the top of the barrel, said the government, producing a memorandum
signed by President Bush that required that the detainees be treated humanely and to
the extent appropriate and consistent with military necessity in a matter of consistent
with the principles of Geneva.
That is a loophole you can grab a MAC truck through, we have a set.
To extend appropriate and consistent with military necessity, my ass.
The organizers urged attendees to act by sending a postcard representative Sam Far,
Democrat of Carmel, urging him to cut off funds for the war by sending Massachusetts representative
James Pima Governe's and the War and Iraq Act of 2005.
You going to sign it?
You sign it?
We have a portrait.
You're asked so fast, even Lou Dobzoy applauding.
Between the U.S., Mexico, and Canada.
Oh, God.
I mean, talk about a one-note show.
He had granted two or three weeks, all of a sudden he got religion, he became very
elucid, he was on target and the thing with the apports and Dubai and Dubi Dubi Dubi
and now he's right back to where he was there.
Just obsessed.
Not that he's not right, but I mean, Jesus, kind of like a Emmy shaper.
It was Cuban.
It was Cuban.
Oh, that whole deal again.
Oh, God.
Give me a break.
They're not so magnificent obsession, but anyway, he's your guy.
You know, Lou Dobz.
Okay, big fan.
I'll take what's his name, I'll take Doug Thompson.
You have Lou Dobz.
As far as my media hero.
Okay.
Is that okay?
Well, until Doug Thompson gets a TV show, when does that start?
1200 and it starts when they find some network that would put him on, which ain't any of the
big three or the talking hit one.
I'll tell you one thing, he's right in the arena of Reda Cosby.
You know, if MSNBC wonders why nobody watches their network, take a look at who they got
on.
Other than what's his name, Keith Oldman, oh, there's a Casper Winnieburger.
1987.
Look at that.
That was 99 and he looked 100 years old.
He was 88.
That's definitely old enough.
Don't you think?
Got the one.
That's for Winnieburg, who was 88.
That's what I just said, bitch.
Well, that's Mrs. Limbaugh.
You get Brown, Larry Burton, Charles Berkeley, he's still got the big zero.
You don't think she's cute, Darren Kagan?
Just for a moment, forget about that.
Oh, sorry, she's cute.
No.
No.
Josh, you think she's kind of cutesy?
No.
You know you're lying.
If she was married to say like Lou Dobbs, you say she's hotter than a firecracker, how
do they in the face of the sun?
No, I'm good.
No, I'm not talking about you and I'm talking about you.
You don't even know Lou Dobbs from Lou Groza.
Who's the name?
Who's the toe?
Who's the toe, Groza?
Cleveland Brown's great play skicker, baby.
You better start learning your football, Mr.
if you're going to be a professional jockmeister, if you're going to be a part of Clemens's
triumvirate.
If you're going to crack that crowd, you're going to crack the crack crowd or what?
I'm working on it.
Yeah, you better start sniffing jockstrap all day 24-7 and then you can get into a
recurrence in the beast and little Robert.
And I got news for her when Robert sniffs a jockstrap and has a different connotation.
You know what I'm saying?
You're fair.
Yeah.
That's what I'm thinking.
1231, we got Marlon's baseball in just 19 minutes.
You'll be able to hear the sound of those radios clicking on.
Is this game on TV, by the way?
They don't put the great-proof league games under.
They do.
They do, I'm like, fuck you up.
But this one I don't think is.
Well, I don't want to think about it.
I want to know it.
Okay?
So I'm going to like check the Sun Sentinel right here.
I would check the hero, but I don't believe them.
All of the Sun Settle that's a TV thing, it might be Tommy Jicke.
Well, I'm sure he's got nothing.
He's got to do with sports.
Sports.
That's out of his league.
Let's see the Florida Marlins.
Are they, how they doing this spring with their little league team?
Well, first place, but, you know, are they really?
Well, yeah, but, you know, spring doesn't mean anything.
Oh, they got a guy named Abercrombie.
Reggie, that was a horse.
Reggie Abercrombie.
He went over two against the Urels on Monday.
Drops his grave-foot league average 14 points, but he's still hitting 382.
He's kicking fat ass, baby.
Wow.
382.
What's wrong with that?
So where's the thing on here about the schedule, about who's on first and when the game
and you know, there's no way.
This, this website really blows, man.
This is so bad.
Wouldn't it be nice to know if this game was on TV or something?
Let's see, Marlins, where's the sports on TV thing?
Where's something?
What are these papers, blow?
28 to 1, a QAM, 1250 to Marlins on deck.
It will be playing some of that really great punk brothers music band with...
I see no, Reggie Abercrombie.
I see no, Reggie Abercrombie.
I see no, Reggie Abercrombie.
Roll band, I...
Roll band.
I can't say a guy's no more, of course.
Hey, y'all know this name.
We can say dry concepts.
I've been using them in my homes for 21 amazing years now.
They are the best carpet cleaning company in the world before you go out and spend thousands
of you replace your carpets.
Give dry concepts a call because when they get done it looks like they had brand new
lead right on your floor.
They'll bring your carpets back to life.
They'll leave them vibrant in color.
Soft at the touch, stain free and looking just like brand new.
Dry concepts is the only company I've been using.
21 long, excruciating years in a variety of homes.
They were just in my house a couple weeks ago and the only company you ought to trust
too.
And just in case you didn't know a dry concept besides their fantastic carpet cleaning
also specializes in drapery cleaning, a forced recleaning, deep cleaning of your expensive
leather furniture and lots more.
And without a doubt one of the best things you can do for that Oriental or Area or Magic
Flying Carpet Rug is to use a quality underlayment.
It's essential for extending life and beauty of that area.
Rug and provides critical cushioning and prevents getting on hard floors too.
During this month you've just got a few days left during March, call and get 15% in savings
on all underlayment padding from dry concepts.
Always professional, always show up right on time and always give you a written guaranteed
price before they start doing their sensational job for you.
All of these things, carpet cleaning, water damage restoration, pet odor treatments, mattress
cleaning and lots more.
Call the best and trust the best.
Dry concepts like I do.
Indeed, right under the palm beaches, it's a toll free call.
1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071 around the web, dryconcepts.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62-8-10.
And, kid, God.
If anybody has a opinion, you fell dissenting from our way.
We'll place your name into the sea, stop.
I've had a meh of the stage.
Don't even have a hook, where's God?
Just follow, don't say.
Everybody's standing by here.
That's a USA.
In the act of victory in love, you're watching all of you.
Everyone does a prescription.
So what would you do?
This is a restoration.
And all you might lose.
In bush other landation, that's a USA.
You gotta hate those two.
And sentence them all those two.
Believe everything we tell you.
Understand, run, you.
Blood war for corporate.
Build up your escalator.
A roof and chainy bush venue.
That's a USA.
Oh, we don't mind to see our jobs grow.
A brother's time of his war.
We're fascinated by jail.
Don't be so stupid, war.
All the hour is crazy.
The facts are parroted with.
Everybody's turning back.
That's a USA.
USA.
I'm a crazy.
I'm a crazy.
I'm a crazy.
I'm a crazy.
I'm a crazy.
I'm a crazy.
I'm a crazy.
I'm a crazy.
I'm a crazy.
I'm a little bit more
I'm a little bit more
I'm a little bit more
I'm a little bit more
I'm a little bit more
I'm a little bit more
I'm a little bit more
I'm a little bit more
I'm a little bit more
I'm a little bit more
I'm a little bit more
I'm a little bit more
I'm a little bit more
Excellent! I said it's number one, two bullets
That is both between the ears
Okay, I just said it's in there to watch out
A little story for tomorrow
Okay, what all time athletes do just like most of them are full today?
100 E3 votes, that is a shocking number
You know, when you come right down to it
I think that's a little audience, wouldn't you?
Must be!
12 E3
4J, 437, man, they hate you like poison effect
We probably should have an honor with this play like an OJ or something
We haven't played in a long time
Like maybe, I don't know
We'll come up with one
437, very bonds 191
A very respectable second but a distance second
I'm in the same league
I hate sports 73, my Tyson 60
Oh before I continue
So Georgia had an order of the Dreamfields pasta
Yeah, in line, right?
I did a completely different order
It was because the public's the shelf is empty where it was
Now, have we had since I've been raving about it for two weeks and I love it every day almost
There are three times a week anyway
Have we had one person's facts or call and say
You know, when I tried that and my blood sugar went skyrocketing or was very good or anything?
No, or die, no, no it's not
No, maybe they're all dead
No, because they're much ingrates
I mean, you know, would they have ever found out about it if it wasn't for
They'll come!
And I was just by the luck of their all that I found it online just to blind luck
But man, we turned down to something really great
And you're buying it up like a hotcakes there at the public's as they can't even keep it in stock
And Georgia has to order it online
But we hear nothing as usual
Terrell Owens, they hate 58, Kobe Bryant 57, I hate this pole 57, P Rose 46, Jose Conzaco 38
John Rocker 36, Tonya Harding 29, Bryant Cox 22, Kurt Bush 20, Kurt Schilling 20, I'll pray for both of them
Roger Clemens 14, Mark McWire 14, Ron Arthest 13, Kurt Warner 13, speaking of having got a prayer
Keeshawn Johnson, what kind of a name is that? 11, it's a bad name
Tiger Woods 9, Todd Bertuzzi 8, Sandy Payton Manning 7
Juferi, Michael Irwin 7, Ray Lewis 6, AJ Prisinski 5, Phil Mickelson 5, Ricky William Solomon Pesinko
Soltanto Chinque, Wayne Grisky 5, Dion Sanders 4, Bill Romanozky 4, Layton Huasca 3
Rafael Palmero 3, Tied Dummies got 2, Randy Johnson 1, and out of almost 13-end revotes, Charles Barclay Jim Brown and Lurie Bird all of the way
Oh, I've got the big, the big, you fuck I smell the big, oh, like that
Then I jumped over the wall and then I thought they don't stop
You told me that I've jumped up, see your hair still, I lost a round some more
And I suspected something funny when I found a bloody glove, a bloody glove
Next thing we knew, AJ went on a low speed, from the right
Now he's in an L.A. jail charge for double on the side
And I believe it's the first degree murder easy to yell, it's because
I'm a bloody clown, I'm a sign of it
Okay, okay, okay, okay, you can't be cool, you can't be cool
You can't be cool, you can't be cool
Oh, I've got the big, the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big,
I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big
I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big
I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the bigy, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you the fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fucking, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, I smell the big, you fucking I smell the big, you fucking, you fucking, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, you fuck I smell the big, and you fuck I smell the big, you fucking I smell the big, you fuck, you fucking I smell the big, you fucking I smell my eyes, you
A very beautiful place.
An appealing place.
So, who are you?
What's up.
You know what they use it means, Doug, you can smell the baseball gloves.
You can smell the docks, can't you?
It's not the leather gloves.
Take those no-dos.
They've had borings coming up.
He is still doing the game, does he, Doug?
Yeah, don't be ridiculous.
David Roxy, Foxy Roxy.
Roxy will wake you up, but have a little...like that.
Marlins and the Mets and Jupiter come and have overg head mad dog after the game and then you
take a few hours in your 7 to 10 lady martes.
Particip gold figures in a clock for any kid of life.
Lady Marta is in 7 children.
We have lost our sense of humor in the face of adversity.
We still can chuck a little bit.
Take off those gloves.
It's time to get an eye.
Look at that.
Take that.
I just passed it.
Here's the bomb.
Let's go.
Here's the bomb.
It's a bomb.
It's a bomb.
It's a bomb.
Unt Heheem he finds his big widenhole I think 16 different width NDS namely right
10 levels for this videot actually ing it's part of the community it is been created
Thank you.
