I'm going to go back to the dentist tomorrow morning.
I'm going to have to work tomorrow.
I want to talk to you again till Friday.
Why were you going to be Thursday?
I got the short show on Thursday and hopefully on Friday.
You go to the hospital.
I got the chip.
Maybe I should go to Greensboro with everybody else and check out the canes.
That's a great idea.
I don't think I'll be doing that.
The New York Daily News I noticed today because the German Jackson was on with your buddy Larry last night.
I was fascinated because the last couple days I've been reading these stories on the year from the New York Daily News about this tell-all book he was going to write your main Jackson about Michael.
Last night all of a sudden he got hit by a lightning bolt and he retracted everything.
He never said this and he never wrote that.
I'm wondering how come he didn't suit the Daily News then?
It seemed like a massive lawsuit.
I'm looking to the Daily News today and there's nothing.
It's like they never even wrote the other stuff.
Who knows what evil works?
A poor Kirby Puckett he's dead.
Dana Reeves is dead. Chris Reeves' wife.
She's dead.
44. Got a lung cancer and never even smoked.
They're dying like flies, man.
Kirby Puckett of course, the fact that he weighed 700 pounds or whatever he weighed probably didn't help.
Do you see the picture of him at the Hall of Famous Ramon?
He was having a start with him.
He looked like Marlon Brando in his last couple years.
I saw the biography on biography channel I taped it a couple nights ago.
It was a two-hour deal and I watched it last night, Brando.
Great actor but boy he was sure.
I guess he could be very strange.
He had issues and he had like 10 children by about a whole bunch of different wives.
He bought that island in the South Pacific into Headee.
Something I didn't realize, he had a big battle.
When he went to acting school in New York, his roommate, I knew this was Wally Cox.
Mr. Peepers?
Did you know that?
No.
They were very close, literally and figuratively.
When Wally Cox died, he had a big battle with Wally's mother over who would get the ashes.
He was cremated and Marlon kept, she finally gave in because she felt that he needed them more than she did.
That's what they said in the biography.
He kept the ashes.
When he died, his ashes and Wally Cox's ashes were sprinkled in the hills of like Katana, Arizona or Susam Damplace.
Mr. Peepers and Marlon Brando?
Yeah, they were peeping.
Marlon was doing everybody that was breathing, I guess.
He's just a wild and crazy guy.
But he made one of the strangest sexual movies that...
That was Penguin Period?
Did you see it?
No.
It was really weird, the whole thing.
It was all...
So was he?
Tough to concentrate on.
But he had an offer down with you.
And they showed that he was, I guess, the third choice for Don Crowley on.
Who was the first one?
I forget.
Well, I'll see.
The three who were up for it were Salon Salivier, one of them.
And I forget who the other one was.
And Brando was like third choice.
But Coppola wanted him.
And so when they forced him to audition for it.
And when he went to audition, he was the one who came up with the idea of like...
Put the pot in the pot and then hot.
And the cheeks and the whole deal and he was just blew them away.
Yeah.
You know, it's...
George came to my rescue this morning.
I was trying to remember the line.
You know, they extradited this gangster, this ecstasy kingpin from Israel.
Right.
And he's flying to Miami.
Well, let me tell you something, my friend.
Yeah.
And I expect when they put a microphone in front of him, he will say I'm just a retired investor with a pension.
Right.
Like Hyman Roth.
Yep.
So he's a little younger than Hyman Roth.
You know, Brando was...
He never finished high school.
And I don't think it was a put on.
I mean, he talked...
They showed an early interview when he was early acting days and he was like...
He couldn't speak.
He just...
He mumbled.
And so he went to acting school to shake...
What was it with Shakespeare and what was he doing?
Whatever was they doing?
He was doing a seizure.
Yeah, doing a seizure.
And so he went and took the allocation lessons to be able to do that role.
They showed him speaking very eloquently.
I mean, is this just an amazing kind of guy?
I thought his best role was on the order front.
Yeah.
He was great.
What do you want to ask for for that?
Terry Moloi.
He was incredible in that role.
Even recent.
Yeah.
Lee Jay Cobb.
But the character he played, his name was Terry Moloi.
Yeah.
Lee Jay Cobb.
First line of the movie.
And Carlton Maldon was home with...
The old man who drove you.
Carlton Maldon was home with...
And then Mooi was a big nose.
He said, don't leave home without it.
Yeah.
First time he said that.
Yeah, that was a great movie.
The two guys standing down in the bar and they came...
And what about you?
What about you?
What about you?
What about you?
What about you?
I think they just threw somebody off the roof and the other guy said he could...
The boy could sing but he couldn't cry.
Mm-hmm.
Great.
And for the issue, though, there was the thing with his son, you know, shot...
Yeah.
...the daughter's boyfriend.
I don't know what that was all about.
Christian.
Christian.
He was a good Christian.
And then they showed the thing for Godfather when he wanted to ask her for that.
And he sent the Indian chicken and they were...
They showed the clip.
They were booing her like crazy.
They practically boot her off the stage.
Shia!
Huh?
Shia.
He had written his long speech for her to make and they...
Mixed it because she had won minutes.
She had 60 seconds and the speech would have gone up for half an hour.
And so she came and...
Well, he doesn't want to accept it.
He can't accept this award because the way the American Indians have been treated,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah and the crowds start booing and hissing.
So when he didn't mute Neonabounty was when he got into Tahiti and...
You know...
side to buy that island right?
Oh yes.
Yes.
Thank you George again.
I just saw it last night but I mean well listen I was just a
the dentist man he didn't really do anything but I'm
she going back tomorrow. Tomorrow morning you're going to go back and he's going to do all the
filling to fill in. He said it's time it's almost poor it's time for to fill in
somewhat funny. He said no he had no
a home entotion before I fill out those holes up in it.
Yeah see this was a tooth that crumbled about a few years ago
and so my dentist down there put like a um
temporary like a ceramic tooth on the outside and I'm eating something the other day
and all of a sudden I felt like something crumbled and like a dog.
You know it must have been something in that meat and it was my
tooth and the filling yeah. So I got to go put back together again.
Okay well other than that thank god I found me a good dentist here and now all I
got to do is get off my ass and call my doctor. It lives I got a really good
family practitioner lives in my building here in my building.
So I call him and I can do all my doctoring here.
I think you have the right idea just cross the border to Niagara Falls
New York State for a weekend. I got that good they got a big casino over there.
And then get my passport stamped. I think my days in Florida are numbered in single digits.
I just can't deal with it. This is not for me.
I mean there's some things in life that are for us and there's some things they're not for you.
Everybody's got their own their own bag. It's not my bag.
You catch my drift down here they have their own bag yeah.
Oh no. I didn't mention it. I know he were thinking no at least I was anyway.
Yeah Papa's got a brand new bag it has a different meaning in Florida than any
place else. That's right. You can be sure of that. Yeah I think that real
rude awakening was my last flight up here I told I was sitting there then for
a lot of other important the wheelchair brigade came along and had five.
Five people in wheelchairs lined up to put on first to come on this flight up here.
And I thought what of course that's Howard you know the average average age and Howard is deaf.
God so many old people that I guess it is good though to come there once a month as a matter of how old you are.
You feel very young. I'm coming back on Thursday and I'm flying from New York to New York.
I feel so young huh. I'm flying Newark to Fort Lodio on Thursday.
Can you imagine what that crowd is going to be like?
Oh my God. Talk about the aroma from those overflowing bags.
Oh God. Yeah when they have the flights to Broward to Fort Lodio they
had instead of having the puke bag and the thing they have a different kind of bag for each seat.
Just in case you want hook up here.
Tube. Keep you going for a couple hours.
So you're going to be in New York for what?
I'm doing a television show there Wednesday night on the SPN. I have to go up there.
I remember when the SPN was really good.
Who the hell was your buddy? He just trashed the SPN. Who was it in the post?
Oh Phil Mushnick.
Phil Mushnick does it every day. He hates him.
He hates him. He hates him.
Really? I never read the post because it's right winged garbage but he does it to the point where it's just gotten tiresome.
It's the same stuff all the time.
But they got a good sports section. All tabloids always have the better sports.
I can for example when I came back from the dentist this morning I stopped.
Every day I get to Toronto star in the Toronto sun.
We have four papers here and those are the two I get.
Star is very liberal and it's pretty good but the sun is a...
It's a Rupert Murdoch.
It's a right wing piece of crap but the sports section is great because it's a tabloid.
That was the paper I handed to a very jackass at the airport that day.
I said, you ever read this paper? He said, no I said, well take a look at the sports section.
You'll see what a real sports section is like in a very new video.
Yeah I did that.
Hey look down. Okay I'll read it now.
What you say about me is true.
Yeah I know very I can tell by looking at you.
You idiot. You fairy.
God.
What a little tub.
Chicago has a good tabloids sports section too.
The sun times.
Is it the sun times?
I think so. You're right.
I mean the Tribune is as still as last year's Oscar.
I'm not talking about the Tribune.
No no no I'm just saying it's the choices you got.
There was the American too.
Remember the day there was and of course there used to be the record American in Boston.
I mean every city had like four or five newspapers. New York had half a dozen.
You know that's why I think the top of any papers New York used to have?
About ten, fifteen.
Yeah. There was the mirror.
There were all kinds of papers.
The news and the mirror, Harold.
The Harold Exam.
The Times, Harold.
You know we got four daily's here and that's pretty unusual.
So that should tell you that there are actually people here reading the newspaper.
The journal American, the world telegram and the sun.
Do you remember there used to be afternoon papers?
Well actually you know once upon a time when we had the Miami news.
Yeah.
And then the four-letter day, you remember the four-letter day of Times?
It was the Sun-Setinal afternoon edition.
Remember that?
I don't remember that.
Oh yes.
Was it called the Times?
I don't know.
It was the afternoon edition of the Sun-Setinal.
There used to be a morning edition and the afternoon edition.
It was published by the Sun-Setinal but it was an afternoon paper.
Oh yeah we used to have four papers basically.
And then the news of course, so the problem with the news is that the circulation was controlled by the Harold
so they were all as the ugly stepchild.
And then they got tired of keeping them alive.
Made sure they put them out of business.
The news is pretty good.
How's my old friend Howard Kleinberg doing?
He's okay.
Does he know that for a fact?
Yeah.
He just did a book.
Really?
On Miami, on the history of Miami.
He used to see Howard and his wife at the hockey games all the time.
And of course I used to work with his son Elliott back in the old days, back in the day.
He did a book on the history of Miami Beach tourism.
By the way, I can tell now that Howard was always in favor of Casino gambling.
There was this one thing that he felt bad about.
They used to editorialize.
I guess because they don't want to piss off the Harold.
So the news would editorialize against it too.
But he secretly was in favor of it.
Oh yeah.
Not that you're ever going to have it.
I mean you've got the slots.
I don't think it's going to go much further.
And by the way, can I ask you a stupid question about that?
Yeah.
Now that the slots have been approved and I would imagine within two, three, four months you're going to have them going.
Huh?
July and March.
Well, let's see March to April, May, June, that's four months.
Yeah.
How come the Indians haven't already switched over yet?
I think they're in the process of...
Are they really?
I mean, let's seem to me that I have what I would be doing that right now since it's been made legal, at least in Broward.
You think that the hard rock would already be put in this.
But how they built it up to them, it's just legal for the paramutual facility.
No, no, no, you don't understand.
The deal with the Indians is whatever is legal in the state.
Right.
So they can do it.
And of course the fact that that's legal in Broward, they should be able to pick up and take right off of it.
And of course I know they want to do the whole class three gaming now with a, you know, craps in the whole deal.
But it would seem to me that there's slots ought to be the real machines now, man.
They should be.
Wouldn't you think?
Yeah, when, as soon as the tracks put them in, they...
Why is that? Why do they have to wait for that?
I mean, I hope they do because I'd rather see the paramutuals do well rather give them the money, you know.
I think it has to do with the legislation.
No.
You don't think they'd have them in there by now if they could?
Well, I don't know.
I really don't know.
I mean, I know they're selling those cancer sticks to the white people.
That's a different business.
Man.
You either want them to kill you though.
That's right.
Well, the gambling kills you a little more slowly.
Yeah.
They extricate your money more gently.
Not.
Listen, have a great day.
I'm going to be at the dentist tomorrow.
So I'll see you in New York.
All right.
You're going to be back on a Friday?
Yes.
Now, what day is poor them?
Do we know that?
Maybe a...
It's right around St. Patrick's Day, I think.
I think it's a 16, something like that.
Like I said, right around the day.
I think you bring back a couple of dozen to still...
Hamentation from New York.
There's some green draidles.
There you go for a safe paddy's day.
All right.
I hope we'll go somewhere tomorrow.
We'll still get to green bagels.
Yeah.
Remember those that I have to get used to get green bagels over here?
Yep.
Now that's a problem, a few way.
I'm too many goi-am.
Okay.
I have a good trip.
All right.
Don't suffer too much tomorrow.
Now it'll be a piece of cake.
All right.
In fact, they're giving me a piece just to calm me down.
See you.
It's a good thing.
Bye.
Hey, all you time stealing weasels.
Now you can watch TV from anywhere.
This is Jim Manditch.
And I want to tell you about the greatest product
to hit the market in years.
Introducing Slingbox.
Slingbox turns any computer into a TV receiver.
If you're at work, watch a game.
On the road and want to watch local teams in your hotel room.
You're going to be done in 24 hours a week.
That's whatever you want from your computer.
Slingbox has won numerous awards.
And is the greatest electronic gadget to come out in years.
While you're here at WQAM.com, click on the Slingbox logo.
And you will learn all about this awesome new electronic gadget.
And if you're a time stealing weasel,
somebody that wants to catch all the latest sporting events at work on the road
or anywhere from your computer, now you have a chance to watch.
Don't you dare.
All right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Oh, that isn't what's going on for them easier than the beach.
Okay.
Yeah.
I want to talk to Decylle Lawrence back.
He's above a godly man.
äº†.
With that rock rock
Well you went down the toilet and just one day
With that rock rock rock
With that rock rock
Yeah, we cooked those food
Yeah, those freaking crocs
But now they're all for raw
And that rock rock rock
And that rock rock
I used to give a picture that was nice and bad
From then on, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock
Now I'm asking if you like fries with that
From then on, rock, rock, rock, rock
That really is old
You must be someone's home
When they sent a two-deaf roll
From then on, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock
Yeah, I have no food
And I want to shoot all of them
WHAAAA
And then rock, rock, rock, rock
Oh, you're cute
Oh, yeah
You see, I just barely did that thing
You know, that was great
I was a little walker
I could put Josh on his faulty
Right, anyway, what was the worst movie of 2005 we asked yesterday?
And 1426 votes
Now, 33.6% of you didn't see any movies of 2005
I think you need to get out a little bit more
Yeah, or movie of yours
Or you need to get shot in, you know, that's what DVDs are for
That is correct, get some DVDs
Shuffle some DVDs in your DVDs
Right, let flicks for some
Just sit there the way around
I didn't see any 480
Duce of hazard 183, one hands down your pantaloonies
And your DVDs
I hate this pool 116
Bear-ass mounting 112, a very good choice
Piece of crap
War of the World's 85
Duce Bigelow, European Jiglo 78
I think we just like the way that sounds
Right, I like to say that all day
You know, it's 68, Duce Bigelow
Get Richard Dye, try in 43
Star Wars III, the revenge of the sif
And look at what it felt, it was a piece of sif
33
No matter how you rearrange those letters
I'm sure that's what he had in mind
I'm gonna ask you again, what is a sif?
You know, they're a race
I see
House of wax 31
The hitchhiker's got the Galaxy 24
Doom 21
Fantastic four and stealth had 20 of peace
King Kong 18
Harry Potter, Goblet of Fire 16
Aren't those kids getting tired of his ass already gone?
No, I wish though
Oh geez, Electro 16
The constant gardener so bad
That he'll make you want to go out in the garden and just bury your head in the dirt
15, just a piece of mong
Aeon Flux had 10, hide and seek 8
The old, the Greg Reed of bio
Hide and seek
You know, I think he could be in the Guinness Book of Records for the fewest return phone calls in history of any general manager in the radio business
I'll check the record book
Anybody period, forget about radio, huh?
I'll check the record books
Yeah, check the Guinness Book of Records, I think he's in there for a fewest return phone calls
Supercrossed the movie 7
See what he would do is he would make a deal like with Grimmer or D4 or somebody
Then, okay, well, when did I start?
And they would call, leave messages and he would just never return the call
Guess who's six alone in the dark five, domino five, the fat domino story, and thank God he's walked in in New Orleans, he's okay
The fat man, he was always my favorite
Into the blue floor, my Maddie finally got one, aren't you pleased I have no idea what that is?
I don't know, I'm sorry, I'm filthy
My Maddie, nine songs won and undiscovered had the biggest, so I guess it really is undiscovered
Nobody knows what that is
So those really are worst movies
Read all kinds of stuff about crash, in fact, when I was at the dentist waiting in the last week's time magazine
They were predicting that crash was probably going to be a very bad smouting
And of course, what's the, producing the director's name, who also is the co-writer?
Of course, Paul Haggis
Oh, okay
He also was the co-writer of the one last year, what was the movie that won last year?
Yes, the ladies
Huh?
Yes, the ladies
Oh, I just got through reading it
But anyway, he's a Canadian boy, he's from somewhere
He's Canadian
Still can't get over that review you read yesterday, what a pilot
That's why I read it
Of course, I got news for it, this will come as a great dismay to you
But there are a whole bunch of reviews like that
And like the time magazine article, which praised it a lot, but it said that it's one of those movies you either love it or you hate it
And there are a lot of these suites who hate it
Pretending, of course, that they don't get it
Or maybe they're just so stupid they don't get it
And the same suites were probably raving about Broke As Mountain
Oh, of course, I don't think there's any question about that
Although even Roger Ebert, he was the most enthusiastic about Crash, he said he predicted it would win
But he also said it was one of the great all times
It is
I know it is, I love it
With me, it's like Magnolia, I don't know what there is not to like
I mean, you want to make a strong to dance about the end of it
Sorry, and that's, you know, when a movie goes on for three hours for Crash takes like Magnolia
But enough is enough already
We could have made it go to two
But it's interesting, the movies that should have sequels, they're the ones that never do
Right?
The movies that should not have sequels, they're the ones that do do
And the sequels almost always suck
San Antonio to the Marlins include locals
I am so tired of this very jackass, I'm sure all of you are too, why don't I even waste my time on this
San Antonio, which is expected to present a stadium funding proposal of the Marlins this week
Already has established one prerequisite
The team must add San Antonio area minority owners if the Marlins move there
In a telephone interview
Dexar County Judge Nelson Wolfe said he discussed the matter with the Marlins
Who apparently don't have no problem with it
Wolfe said he hasn't presented names of any minority owners to the Marlins
Hasn't spoken with Jeffrey Loury yet, but but a beep, but a beep, but a, et cetera and so on
What's your crap?
By the way, a million dollar baby worn
That's one, thank you so
Oh
And he co-wrote that, or he wrote it
Oh, I guess, what a piece of the role
In fact, after he did that, we'll be in a heart attack
You see?
What do you mean?
After he did a million dollar baby?
Right
God, punishing him
Well, who was in that?
Clint Eastwood Morgan, Florida
Oh, it's a Clint Eastwood, that's the tragedy of the game
I see
I didn't see that
You're lucky
Anyway, now it's interesting, you want to believe see I think 44, although now they're saying Kirby Puckett was 45
But the article I have from sports illustrated.com says Kirby Puckett died Monday
They after the Hall of Fame outfielder had a stroke at a zero stone a home. He was 44
It's got a picture of him during his induction to the baseball Hall of Fame in 2001
If he doesn't weigh 45,000 pounds, then my name is Ishtra Bivolo, okay? He's just enormous
And like I said, I just saw that clip they showed of him with the twins
Hitting one out, you know, and he even then when he was playing baseball he was as big as a house
And had an ass, he made Cecil Fielder look like a child
Yeah, Puckett, he always packed him
Oh my God, he was big
He died at St. Joseph Hospital in Medical Center in Phoenix
He had been in intensive care since having surgery at another hospital following his stroke Sunday morning
He carried the twins to World Services in 8790, one before his career was cut short by Glaucoma
The hospital said Puckett was given last right and died yesterday afternoon
On behalf of Major League Baseball, I am terribly saddened by the sudden past Kirby Puckett said
In baseball commissioner Pud and Seal League, he was a Hall of Fame in every sense of the tour
He played his entire career with the twins, he was an icon of Minnesota
And once upon a time on CNN, the former Black News anchor, and I don't know who the hell it was or what it was, he's gone
The fat guy, I remember he called him Kirby Puckett, but with it didn't say Puckett
Remember, you start with a different letter and then begin to be a guy
I remember it was like there was an H between the P and the U
And I thought to myself, P U
Remember that guy was that big fat black news anchor on CNN's Long Garner?
I don't know
And also Christopher Reeves' widow dies
Yeah, you remember I told you what had happened, you were sitting right there
Yeah, but I forgot
Oh, I didn't
Because then he corrected it and he just kept going right along like he never said it
You know, I mean, if anybody was said that on CNN Worldwide TV, they probably should just get up and walk off the set
Dana Reeve, who won Worldwide Admiration for a Devotion to her Superman husband Christopher Reeve
And then he went to his decade of near total paralysis, also died of lung cancer at 44
44 is not good
Let's see, Robbie Needamari used to be number 44 for the Panthers, who else is so 44
I think Lee Roy Kelly and the Browns was 44, I'm pretty sure, yes
You know any other famous 44 athletes?
Josh 44?
Tom Rathman
How big your pardon?
Don't know who that is?
No
Not too many people
Rathman, that's what I just said
You said Radman, R-A-T-H, do you want me to rewind the debt?
No need to do that
Reeve, a singer-ractor, so we gave up some of her own career to be one of the nation's best-knowing caregivers
Diadlate Monday in Memorial Sloan Ketterie Medical Center
As a matter of fact, she got on the same day as Kirby Puckett just hours later
She wasn't a smoker, but announced in August that she had been diagnosed with lung cancer
That's really a bitch
Probably that second hand smoke, all you obnoxious smokers out there
Cut the crap
This is Neil Rogers
This is by 16 Q-A-T
Yeah, they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers
There's more holiday David to do
But I'm here to tell you about my new product
Essence of mold
No, it's a candle scene that smells just like me
As I walk this way
And see if that I'm a happily married man
I don't have that gay guy smell
It's a delightfully aromatic blend of alfring and sex and murder-driven
Oh, smell that?
Smells like the 1950s
But you didn't know the 1950s smoke like toast
And not to mention that there isn't a mold candle
You're just up in the door while you're watching golf
Like the foreign-the-hack liquid in your eye
Or like this
No, I'm going to the door, I'm going to the door
Hey, you got used to it though, see?
No, I'm going to the door, I'm going to the door
And I'll look which I made me joke, I had to
1033 watch your language now, sweetheart
27 to 11, Q-A-M
So anyway, we got the van going out today
And a place where there might actually be some action
Right
Noondah 2, the Q-A-M van will be at the Shoghan station
In the corner of University, Drog and Broward Boulevard
Right next to that veterinarian that I stop using
Noondah 2, and that'll be with the...
3rd man
CDs and commemorative t-shirts
20 bucks a piece and all proceeds benefit
Abandoned pay rest to you in 4th order today
And then 70th and a night, Josh Cortes will have the merchandise with him
At the Hurricane Hotline
At Bernie Khozar Stakehouse for a hillby eating a free meal
Yes, I will be
That's at 5960s, Southwest 70s
Reach as 2 blocks west of US1
Which one was it that bread? Is he still there by the way, Brett?
I still see him around
No, was he the one that went down there to Bernie Khozars
And because he was in the sales department for about 5 days at that point
Demanding all kinds of free meals and he wanted this
And he wanted a big salad and a big steak
Was that him?
Yes
What a jackass
Well, I sure hope that somebody tells the Chris Jones vibe
Well, he'll find out for himself
So there's two chances that we had 12,000 and the 5 bucks as of that disaster yesterday
After that deal, I'm Kai Yocho
I think it's pretty amazing that we did over 400 bucks there when you come right down to it
It is amazing
A lot of our people put their lives in jeopardy
By driving into that area
Who is the woman you most desire?
That's our pool today, 691 votes
Jessica Alba 118
She was on the asker's unit
And she looked just fine
I think she's a little, a little overrated
She's fine, don't get me wrong
She's a little, huh?
She looks scarlet, Joe Hansen
Well, that's your opinion
That's right
Jessica Alba 118, Halley Berry 105
She's wet on Jessica's ass
Oh, I'd like to see that
In fact, I think they're doing the, what's wrong with Jennifer Conley?
Don't we want to put her on here?
She's not on there?
No, she's not on there
Well, I didn't want to add a whole lot of things
I love Jennifer Conley
In fact, this was based on a pool somewhere
Oh, here it is, it was in, where is this thing from?
Something I found on the internet's
StoriesindoBase.com
Where was this pool taken?
The 99, oh, she beat 90 and another famous woman to top list of women that American men desire
would want for their girlfriend
But where is this, who took the pool?
Oh, AskMen.com
That's where it is
So see if I did a little bit more homework
I could add a whole list of 100 on there
And that would really be a peoed Eric
But that wouldn't even be no fun to think
There's nobody calling anything in
So let's add Jennifer Conley
Jessica Alba 118, Halley Berry 105
Angelina Jolie 95, she's still stuck in the basement
Show East, they're on 75, fell home
Scarlet, Joe Hansen, 67
Natalie Portman, 38
Eva Longoria 35
Brittany Spears 32, she's dropped many notches on the totem pool
She's tainted goods
Non, I'm a straight female 29
That is shocking
We have 29, it's 4% of this vote so far from a straight female
Not to count the bull dikes we got
That is, aren't you an author?
I'll count the bull dikes if you want
Jessica Biel 27
Well, I said bull dikes, I didn't just say dikes, I said bull dikes, I don't think you're
Non, I'm gay 22, we got more women than gay males
I hate this pool 20
Aby Amalema 15, who's that?
Victoria Cigarimoto
Maria Minunoz 9, was she a Minuro?
Yeah, Ciena Blue, the Ricky Birdie
No doubt, the brother took some golden showers together
Ciena Miller 4, MRE 2
And Jennifer Conley just went on there, 697
We're gonna make a thousand in today boys
I can feel it, I can smell it
Can't you smell it?
I can't believe that, I can't believe that
I can't believe that, I can't believe that
Who I am, hello?
Neil
Yes sir
How are you this morning?
Excellent
Amazing that I got through Neil
Cheney was in Broward County yesterday at the Bullsew Delf
Correct, talking crab for place, sure yeah
So I am coming home, I live just off of Hillsboro and Federal
I'm coming home and there's a coffin
Every single street on a motorcycle
Not letting you go down any street
They said, look at my liver right there, three houses away
All right fine, you can come in
So there's a library where I live, they're not letting anybody out on Federal
So I never get home in this early meal, guess what?
I went out and stood on the side of the street
And as he went by, I gave him the big Muffin Goo
It pulled him to go screw him
Wow, excellent
Oh, great job, pal
That saved my day
Don't be careful though, because you might just still
Resurrect and drastic methods
Well there was two dogs who stand up beside me
And if you're not gonna give him the finger
I should hold on
Why not?
Why not?
Not really
You know what I'm saying?
It's amazing, pushed, screwed up, and didn't you see that?
Pushed and do his absentee ballot for the elections in Texas today?
Yeah
And they're flying friggin' Air Force one down there
So he can vote in a local election
Absolutely
Or you bet
What's the only process a couple million bucks, that's right
I just gonna say four or five hundred thousand
No money for those poor sluppers in New Orleans
But we got plenty of money to fly his dumb ass around
You got it, okay, good luck to pal, it's been nice knowing you got it
I'm assuming, and yeah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, just calm down
They're gonna come and drag his ass away
If you give the Italian salute to the vice president
They will, you know, secret service, they're watching
They will jot down your address
And in the middle of the night they'll come away and take away your whole family, including you
Because they have this
That's correct, I'm gonna stay about it
It's in the Patriot Act, you can do that
WCYM, hello
Yes sir
For the poll, to sell Bunchin
Who is it?
To sell Bunchin
She sells Bunchin
Right, Bunchin, she sits funny so her under is always a question
Oh, I see, it's her under where's Bunchin?
Yeah, Bunchin up, she's a model
Oh, another model
Like, he's Fort Illustrated, about eight
Well, what about the Lieutenant-Jamison, do you want to put her on her?
I don't
But I'm sure a lot of people do, let's get her on her
Sure, we're gonna get votes
I mean, if we're gonna start putting models and porn o-actresses on her, might as well go
Yeah, we'll get on the brought that up
Let's go, Hawaii?
You're the one that brought that up
Well, I'm an old pervert, why the hell not?
I know who that is, I see her work
Yeah, I see her work it
I got some bad radio news for you
Wow, this is from the New York Post
Air America, are you better strap yourself in?
I'm strapped
Our in 20 minutes till Franken
Yeah
Air America is close to losing its New York flagship station knocking Al Franken and his little colleagues off the air on their second anniversary
The network has a two-year lease with WLIB, AM-1190, New York
That's reportedly sent to expire April 1st and lease one reliable report says it is extremely likely the deal will not be renewed
Or to turn it over the other way around
It's extremely unlikely that the deal will be renewed
Got it?
Got it, and you like that?
Losing its New York outlet would be a serious blow to the fledgling liberal radio network
Radio equalizer blogger Brian Maloney
Who ain't full of Maloney?
He blew the whistle on question balloons to the lefty network last year
Published the first report that WLIB was on the verge of evicting Air America sometime soon
Air America's options for a new home are not promising either
All of the city's other strong civil stations are spoken for
Leaving only weak signal fringestations that don't cover the entire city and the burbs
Air America parent Peacant LLC has reportedly been paying intercity broadcast and controlled by former Manhattan burrow prison Percy Sutton and his son Pierre
Two and a half million dollars a year to Air Franken and others
Other words are buying their way on the air kind of like the guys across the street there
You know their Jefferson pilot and were auto pilot those guys right
And American and Air America's spokeswoman told the post it's business as usual and declined for the comment
Well, what does that mean?
In other words, it's not looking good
Air America got unwanted headlines last year when it was learned that previous management had received what investigate is called an inappropriate
875 thousand dollar loan since we paid from a Bronx charity
Calls to enter city executives were not returned the leading contenders to take over the WLIB lease are former clear channel executive Randy Michaels
All know the anti Christ, Elante Cresco
Who syndicates competing lefty talker edge Schultz then the new radio one blog a black focus talk network that includes the Reverend Al Sharpton
How do you like that?
What if he's something of Al Sharpton like Al Franken off the air?
That'd be something I'd rather hear Al Goldstein
This is Neil Rogers
This is 5.62.8.
Look at the glory holes
Yes
The other person tell you what the Ricky said to me the other day
He said he helped you do your show buddies of things to go so he had this to say
He also wanted to have fun in writing and now he wants to instead
But he lives in the fields of jeopardizing history so this is what he said
Tell me the Ricky dying to come alive
Tell me the Ricky has a big blue show y'all
He would blow you away if you heard what he had to say and really want you to do your show
Tell me the Ricky tells you really love y'all
Tell me the Ricky is always thinking of y'all
He wants to be your boy, can't us must my girl that boy you know and Ricky wouldn't try to hold y'all
Tell me the Ricky wants to do y'all
Tell me the Ricky wants to say good to y'all
Yeah, he's just like the guy who pulls the ice to the side and Ricky wants you in and it goes on
Tell me the Ricky's trying to get me a y'all
And Ricky's just like every day to get y'all
He wants you to understand he wants to be your man
He wants to run there most of the time to see y'all
Tell me the Ricky's dying to come alive
Tell me the Ricky has a big blue show y'all
Tell me the Ricky wants to say good to y'all
Tell me the Ricky wants to be your man
Tell me the Ricky wants to be your boy
Tell me the Ricky wants to be your boy
Turn 46 he does have a real sauce spot in his heart
That word is his heart
that Christmas card and every time it comes out with a new CD I get a
personally autographed copy in the mail.
Right.
With lipstick on it no less.
Let's see what this is. Oh this handwriting my god.
Oh gee. Pan Anderson.
Yeah.
We put her out there.
It says I want to explore every hefty infected crevice.
Okay.
I'm not going to read that.
He could have less questions.
Groo-sum.
Wait until you hear this, be kind of gruesome.
Somebody QYM, hello.
Hello.
Meal.
Yes sir.
How are you sir?
Excellent.
Great.
You know when you were talking about 40, the number 44 you left that two
absolute pinnacles of the game of baseball.
Hank Aaron.
Hank Aaron?
How can I forget to hammer and hang?
Right.
And then Willie McCuffing, another huge band.
There you go.
So I'm going to start out a mind.
Okay, but I don't even know why I wanted to mention it.
I just thought it would be something worth mentioning.
Have a look at me.
He or Kelly was 44 right?
Yeah.
No, right.
Leroy Kelly.
Leroy.
Excuse me.
Now it would be right.
Right.
At least the refer to him as Leroy.
I'm actually going to...
Jim Brown was 32 and Bobby Mitchell was...
Now if you can tell me Bobby Mitchell's number, then you're a better man than I am.
Oh God, I have no idea.
You have a Bobby Mitchell.
Sure, he was a receiver.
Phenomenal receiver.
Those were great...
Great.
Great.
All right.
Well, as a quarterback, he sucked, but the team was great.
Okay, thanks, pal.
Okay, you two, take care.
Couple of good 44s there for you.
Okay, actually Bobby Mitchell was like a...
What would you call him now?
He was like a half-back.
But...
A legum?
A bigger part?
A wet-back?
A wet-back, yeah.
Bobby Mitchell.
No, he was a dark-back.
Wait till you hear this.
You are going to like...
Just flip your...
I'll read it.
Doug Thompson, capital hill blue night.
Remember the article I read yesterday?
Yes, I did.
It was great.
It was like this equal to what I...
Yes, yes.
I don't...
Even though it's very funny, this is not a joke.
Okay.
Read between the lines.
Telling the approved story is the headline of this story.
He is on an unspecified day last week an employee of a federal agency the Kanapi revealed
delivered a document the Kanapi identified to a company that Kanapi named seeking information
that Kanapi discussed.
The aforementioned federal agent left the unidentified document with an employee of
the unnamed company.
That employee then called the owner who must remain anonymous to inform him that the
document cannot be identified.
Soid information that Kanapi discussed.
The owner who must remain anonymous instructed the employee to deliver the unidentified
document to a lawyer who's name is protected by attorney's client privilege.
The lawyer whose name is protected by attorney's client privilege examined the unidentified
document and then reviewed the information that Kanapi discussed with the owner who must
remain anonymous.
With the approval of the owner who must remain anonymous, the lawyer who's name is protected
by attorney's client privilege contacted a US attorney who demanded that this identity
be concealed.
The US attorney who demanded that this identity be concealed then claimed the owner must
remain anonymous, violated a law that Kanapi disclosed and faced arrest charges for charges
that Kanapi specified because he had been referred to the document that Kanapi identified
an article for a certain but unnamed website.
The lawyer whose name is protected by attorney's client privilege argued that his client could
not be charged nor the un disclosed law because he had been acting as a journalist at the
time of the alleged publication and not as the owner of a company that Kanapi named.
He had in fact learned of the existence of the document that Kanapi identified from
a third party who was not named and was not aware of its exact contents because he had
not seen or read the document and therefore was not aware of the exact contents that Kanapi
discussed.
The US attorney who demanded this identity be concealed, consulted with others whose
names are classified and concluded that the owner who must remain anonymous walked
a fine line between legal and illegal and would not face arrest for violating a law that
Kanapi disclosed on charges that Kanapi specified.
So walking this fine line of justice allowed the owner who must remain anonymous to avoid
confinement at an institution at an unknown location for an unspecified length of time.
In exchange for his freedom, the owner who must remain anonymous agreed to write a clarification
of what happened following the guidelines for a publication laid down by the Bush administration,
which is what you just read.
That's scary.
That is just...
You remember what I said about my trips to Florida?
Uh-huh.
In my trips across the border because you were very restricted, yeah.
Wow.
I'm just going to read their last sentence again.
In exchange for his freedom, the owner who must remain anonymous, obviously him, agreed
to write a clarification of what happened following the guidelines for a publication laid
down by the Bush administration, which is what you just read.
It will be on our website tomorrow.
There you go.
And you think that when we talk about fascism and that it's...
Oh, that's a real reach, Neil.
That's really getting carried away.
Right.
Right.
And the only way that any of this could have happened was 9-11.
Right.
Without 9-11, which is the...
That's the standard excuse that you justification for everything.
The world is on terror.
The world is on terror.
The world is on terror.
The world is on terror.
It's kind of like joyous, you know, with the station's license.
It's the same thing.
Everything is always an excuse.
Oh, you can't say this and you can't play that because we don't have our license back yet.
Well, you know, what's going to happen after they do get it?
You think anything's going to change?
No, that'll happen.
Absolutely not.
Yeah.
Oh, it's big enough.
Good things are going in Iraq.
Oh, we're fine.
Iraqi general killed an ambush.
Man, it is a blood bath there, the likes of which nobody could have ever even imagined.
And then when you look at the pictures of these in Pakistan and Iraq and in all of those Shmatah-e-Had countries,
these are tribal people, okay?
These are tribal people who aid each other because of the religious fanaticism.
How do you...
Well, what is even the concept of democracy?
It's so alien to these people that the idea that you're going to impose it upon them,
and it's kind of an excuse for having gone in there, is on the face of its insanity.
They don't want democracy.
A top commander in Iraq's army was shot to death on a Western Baghdad road,
yesterday, one of the string of attacks that killed at least 10 other people.
A US soldier was killed Sunday in Iraq's end bar province west of Baghdad,
and that brings the total out over 2,300.
2,300 and 2 US troops of Baghdad in Iraq,
not to mention the thousands and thousands who are named in our without limbs and eyes
and all of these...
All of these things.
Human rights group, and the UN,
and the nationals condemned the detention of prisoners in Iraq's say,
some 14,000 people are being held without charges of trials,
and that torture continues despite the scandal of...
Abu Gharram...
I just mentioned those things in passing.
La Roy Kelly, Bobby Mitchell, William McCuffey, Henry Ehrin.
Those are the days, baby.
Robbie Needermire, I'm sorry.
Dodged city showdown at Feudal, well, I hear another example of what America is becoming,
and well, this has been going on for a long time, but it's taking it to a new level.
Dodged city, Kansas.
This is written by Ed Lavin Daro, CNN.
He says, this past Saturday morning, I find myself in a five-car caravan
cutting across the Kansas planes with about 30, about 30.
About 30, man.
Just protesters.
In the back of the truck, there were signs that read, thank God for IEDs
and thank God for dead soldiers.
I was with the Phelps family.
They've launched a disturbing campaign to turn us to funerals of fallen soldiers.
This is a painful drama playing out at dozens of military funerals across the country.
The group is led by the insane Phelps.
That's my word insane.
He is greatly the number one.
He and his family have picketed and heckled more military families
than 100 funerals since June.
They say the soldiers are fighting for an army that represents a country that accepts homosexuality.
I've spent a great deal of time in last few weeks tracking the movements of Phelps and his family.
Saturday, I followed him and his family from their home in Topeka, Kansas to a funeral in Dodge City, Kansas.
Phelps is the pastor of Westboro Baptist Church in Topeka.
The congregation is made up mostly of his family.
Phelps says 13 children, 54 grandchildren, and seven great grandchildren.
He describes himself as an old-time gospel preacher who says,
you can't preach the Bible without preaching the hatred of God.
Phelps and his family have made a name for themselves by showing up at high-profile events preaching their hate-filled brand of Christianity.
They blame homosexuals for the destruction of America.
This past weekend's target was Army Sergeant Jesse Davila.
Davila was killed from a 20th and Iraq by a suicide bomber.
He served as a Marine after graduating from high school.
He returned his civilian life. He had a daughter, but he was always a soldier at heart.
So two years ago, he joined the Army National Guard, which we know there was no National Guard in Iraq, of course.
He joined the Army National Guard, was three months into an Iraqi deployment when he was killed.
There's also very much history about another phenomenon on the Phelps protest is created.
That's the breath of a group called the Patriot Guard Riders.
The revolent-tear group that came together after hearing that so many military families were being blindsided by the protesters.
More than 400 motorcycles thundered toward this showdown in Dodd City this weekend to make sure that Sergeant Jesse Davila's funeral was not overshadowed by the Phelps protest.
They converge from small towns all over Southwest Kansas to support Sergeant Davila's family.
One group leader says, I knew we'd have a crowd, but I didn't know it would be this big.
The procession of rolling thunder restored Davila's family from memorial services to the graveset on a quiet hill.
In the end, the sergeant's family says they were only able to hear a little bit of the Phelps protest.
Davila's mother Linda Claus, no great aid in relation to Santa.
CLA U.S.
Linda Claus says he's grateful for the Patriot Guard riders.
She also wants other military families to be where this could happen to them.
When people begin to know that Fred Phelps family is what they're really doing, killing the American dream.
They won't be around very long because nobody's going to let them. They'll drown them out. They'll be gone.
Claus said.
Since the CNN started airing reports on these funeral confrontations a few weeks ago, the Patriot Guard riders say its membership has almost tripled.
And more than a dozen states are not considering legislation, they would restrict protesting its fumerals.
The Phelps family vibes to continue these protests. They might be outnumbered, but the way the Patriot Guard riders see it, it only takes one of them to the side of the memory of a fallen soldier.
These people have no shame, they have no decency. They're what Christianity and right wing fanaticism has become all about in Zion America.
They're on TV the other day. CNN, one of those channels had a story.
The loved one, the daughter, his daughter was at one of these funerals there.
Which one? He's already made a good one.
And they send the emails to the families, you know, basically rising them.
Lovely.
Your son died because America loves bags, that kind of thing.
Okay, how's that pull coming?
Talk about something more pleasant.
Who's the woman you most desire? Famous woman, famous lady.
799 votes, oh we'll do that thousand easy today. Jessica Alba 134.
Halley Berry 117, they're tight. They're only separated by a small little tiny curly hair.
Angelina Jolie 108, that's great. Charlize Tharong 81.
Scarlett Johansson 77, that's your choice. Who did the Josh vote for?
My voted for that bond chick just because I didn't know who she was and I looked her up.
It looked very nice. Who's that? She didn't get a lot of votes.
That Monica Minu knows. I knew no or something.
Natalie Perman 42, even Lungoria 39.
No, I'm a straight female 38. That's almost 5%.
Holy moly, something's going on here, right man?
Britney Spears 34. No, I'm gay 28.
3.5% of the audience. Gay, nails.
Jessica being there really upset that Enrico and Ricky selected me.
All you guys out there, he picked me.
What are you laughing about? They're not getting no Christmas cards from Enrico.
Jessica being 28, I hate this full 27, Adriana Lima 18, Maria Minu no 11.
Who's one of Minuto, Jenna Jamison 5.
She had to initial climb that ladder. She's going to be doing it.
And people will be watching.
CNN Miller 4. Oh, wait a minute.
Pamela Anderson's got three. If you grew a third one.
Amory is got two and Giselle Bunchkin.
Bunchin.
Are they 104 votes? She's kicking ass man. She's got the big.
Oh!
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.62.8.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
It's three a day plus gas.
Well, I read it and link him.
Cash or credit, I drove up in the hill.
You want insurance?
Enrico, how it happened? Well, it's good luck.
It still gives me change.
What a weirdo. Followed my map of the star.
How sad.
And one shot to see.
CNN Miller 4.
Angelina Jones.
I walked up like I knew her.
I saw her hesitate.
But the call of phone started working and for her.
It was too late.
But her in my car and rolled the windows down.
Now she watched my queen and...
I made her cry.
I just don't regret all of it.
And I've got Angelina Jones in my basement.
I've been amazed.
And I think I'll keep her there with me.
Hello.
And charge her in.
I can't rent.
Well, I hope she don't mind.
I hope that she'll find that she likes the cement.
I'm a little bit of cement.
How wonderful life is with Angelina Jolie in my basement.
It's me out of here.
Once you're in front of her, pull her in the back.
But I bet you give your last sin.
Help me.
To have Angelina Jolie locked down in your basement.
I'm out of breath.
Don't hurt my dog.
Don't hurt my dog.
Don't hurt your dog, Miss.
It puts the dog in the basket.
So here's the fact that says you have to have my future bride
until she gets the restraining order.
Evil Arru, formerly of all my children's and currently on CSI Miami.
She was dropped at Gojus.
Ordered my copy of...
530, man!
Online. Thanks for the 30.
Joel, inform my orc. Thanks for your joy.
Thanks for the memories.
So you got it, Evil Arru.
We got it.
I wonder if she's kind of Jack Lerur or Jack Lelaine.
Did you see those infomercials?
I've seen the juicy man.
No, not the old juicy man, but Jack Lelaine.
No.
I mean, I know he is.
Spandex Alfred Manning.
He's 91. He didn't look at day over 140.
Man, he's just...
Say baby, baby.
That's what I know.
That's exactly right.
That's what he's wearing.
And jumps you. You've seen it?
Well, I've seen it.
He only ever wears a jumps...
The nasty looking bitch on here is hosting with him.
And his poor wife, who you know, is just like feeding him like paddling.
That's why he's the juicer a lot.
They make like a lot of apple sauce.
Mushi stuff, you know.
Boy, that is something.
I got an article here that you're going to love.
I don't know if Josh will like it because he's a big John Stewart fan.
But you tend to hate him now.
No, no, no, that's not correct.
I said I like the Daily Show.
I don't watch it that much.
But when I see the clips from it, it's funny as hell.
And it got some good writers, obviously.
You would take whatever's going on and really do a great job of satirizing it.
But, we'll say what you want, but even back in the Gavr to 2 days before the show.
Don't like him.
I know.
Craig, well, am I entitled to an opinion?
I have heard about Tom Schaels' rights.
Who's the award-winning TV and critic for the Washington Post.
Not that he knows anything.
He says, memo to John Stewart, keep your daily job.
Crash was not only the only film chosen best pick, let me try it again.
Crash was not only the film chosen best picture of the 70th Academy Awards last night.
It was also the sound made by the show itself as metaphorically speaking a drove into a wall.
It's hard to believe that professional entertainers could have put together a show less entertaining than this year's Oscars.
Hosted with a smug humorlessness by comic John Stewart, a sad and pale shadow of great host gone by.
The movie Munich was represented in one category, a musical score,
by a clip in which suspense built over a bomb that didn't go off.
The Oscars show on NBC televised live from LA was a bomb that did.
Film buffs, and they politically reminded me, while we'll be arguing today about whether the best picture Oscar to crash was really for the film's merit,
or just a cop-off by the motion picture Academy, so it wouldn't have to give the prize to broke back Mountain and movie about two cowboys who fall reluctantly but passionately in love.
Mountain won two of the major awards, leading up to the best picture, best screenplay and best director for Ang Lee.
In his acceptance speech, Lee said the movie wasn't just about a homosexual affair, but about the greatness of love itself.
I didn't see any love in that movie whatsoever.
But the Academy ran out of love for the film at that point, making crash the surprise winner to its credit crash,
which won two other Oscars deals with important social issues, too, especially racism in American society.
Among the more beguiling acceptance speeches was that given by Reese Weatherspoon, George's favorite,
who won the playing country singer, June Carter, and I walked along the story Johnny Cash.
I never thought it'd be up here in my whole life she said within January's charm.
She also quoted June Carter as a sync philosophy of life. I'm just trying to matter.
And George's try to swatter like a mosquito.
The program looked gorgeous in high definition TV from the Kodak Theater, but it was filled with so many clips,
piles and piles and miles and miles of clips from films present and past, that the visual luster was squandered.
The audience at home doesn't want to look at clips or wants to look at big-time movie stars.
Unfortunately, those are increasingly short supply.
When Jack Nicholson strode out to give the best picture prize to the evenings in, there wasn't an only innovation,
but a huge sigh of relief in the audience, a sense of the whole crowd saying, oh yes, we still have giants in the business.
Although I guess he's downplaying Dustin Hoffman, what was wrong with him? Was he a chopler?
Well, he's little and Jack Nicholson is really big and fat.
No, he's not big. He's fat and squat.
This plot was made early as well as when Merrill Streep and Lily Tomlin did a master rattle on a read about that.
Stuart began the show drierly, looping through a monologue that liked a single hilarious joke,
with a possible exception of BjÃ¶rk couldn't be here tonight. She was trying to honor Oscar address and Dick Cheney shot her.
And I was mildly amusing and I would agree that was the funniest thing he said.
That was about it, and Stuart had five months working with his legions of writers from the Daily Show on Comedy Central to come up with good material.
It goes to prove that there's still a big, big difference between basic cable and big time network TV after all.
The liveliest moment of the night was contributed by hip hop ensemble, 3-6 Mafia, performing nominated song.
It's hard out here for a pimple in the film Hustle & Flow.
The group practically brought the house down leading Stuart to ask following the writers' performance, how come they're the most excited people here tonight?
He said, more Oscar acceptance speeches should be as rollicking, but it's the host job that generated set in two and Stuart generated none.
There was a cute bit take before he appeared in which past host turned the job down.
Billy Crystal and Chris Rock said, no, because they were sharing a tent all our broke back.
Even David Letterman was joked for years about flopping as an Oscar host made a gracious reappearances, as if to say, no hard feelings.
Letterman's hosting gig, however, was better than Stuart's by far.
For some strange reason, ABC decided to play music on the most of the acceptance speeches instead of just having the music interrupt winners when it was time for them to walk off.
Perhaps the music was there to facilitate the use of a 10 or 15 second delay, part of the numerality inflicted on TV by the FCC, which levies fines for naughty words, even when it's spoken spontaneously, and with no mouths of forethought, I'm sure it was like this.
Among other highlights, Jessica Alba's dress. Jessica Alba.
A handsome, plexiglass actor in the facilitated some dramatic shots from distant front of the stage.
The usual tastefully done in Memorial Montage from film figures about since last Oscar cast, and Jennifer Lopez looking particularly attractive. Oh, God, I must have missed that.
What was the best documentary feature for the film, March of the Penguins, had the clunky bad taste to bring stuffed penguins out of the stage with them. It was a joke that laid a penguin-sized egg.
The epitome of honesty perhaps came when Stuart muttered, I'm a loser into the microphone. He was speaking not only for himself, but for the whole show.
I don't agree with everything he wrote, and of course, but nevertheless, I think he's got his thumb on it pretty well.
Well, Josh didn't even watch the show, so how do you know how John Stuart did? I don't know how he did. I watched like 15 minutes of it here and there.
I mean, it's not that I dislike him personally, like I saw him on King a couple nights, you know, last Wednesday night for a couple of minutes or whatever night it was, hyping this thing.
And he was awful, and I attributed that to the fact that King is a dottering old fool with suspenders and just asked him a lot of stupid questions.
So I just distributed it to that. But then I watched his performance Sunday night, and even though I didn't see the whole show, I saw enough of it to realize that he just...
There was nothing there. I'm sorry, if that disappoints you. You're not a polygod of to me. He was awful, it wasn't funny, it wasn't entertaining, it wasn't amusing.
He just didn't belong there out of his realm. Stick to the daily show. You know what I'm saying? I agree. I think he's good at what he does. That's all that excellent.
That's a very good way to analyze it. He's excellent at what he does. Stick to what you do to the best. Don't try to be like any more for you know. Stick to the comedy and stick to the transvestites in the cars.
And don't try to be a singer. Don't try to be... You see what I'm saying? What he says. I'm saying that nobody can do everything. Like Will Smith, you know, just go away. Stick to what you do best. Go away.
Here's a story that I was attracted to headline is what got me on this one. That's a lot of pizza.
Oh, for me! That's exactly what I had in mind was that.
Merrill Lynch and Company's private equity armors agreed to my privately held NPC International in the world's largest franchise of Pizza Hut restaurants and PC set in a state of the air.
I'll tell you one thing, but you go anywhere in the world. Oh, and guess what they were doing this morning on CNN?
What were they doing this morning on CNN? Drinking coffee. Okay. They did blind taste tests and like overwhelmingly they had some smogs out there.
And the streets in New York and then the people in the studio and in what's his name? Skymiles of Brian and Solidae of Brian and Pat O'Brien and all the other of Brian's.
And they were like tasted and they had like A, B and C, you know, nobody knew which one which was... And they almost all of them picked B, which was Burger King.
Huh? By far and away, far and away, the best coffee. And then McDonald's was also Dunkin' Donuts.
They all like Burger King the best. How do you like that?
Terms of the deal was just expected and closed the spring. We're not just closed the deals we see in the approval and principle from Pizza Hut.
The agreement is the latest in the series of acquisitions by private equity groups of fast food restaurant chains. NPCs, the world's largest pizza Hut franchise, the incredibly operating 790 pizza Hut restaurants and delivery kitchens and 26 states across America.
And of course, all around the world, man, everywhere you go, there's Pizza Hut everywhere. Just everywhere. There's regular pizza Hut, there's Pizza Hut Express.
I'm stood on Berlin, Frankfurt, Paris, you name it. I mean, of course you got, you know, your Mickey D's and all those two, but I mean Pizza Hut everywhere.
Not to mention the kernel, you know, that poor food chicken place.
Here's the facts. Oh, look at that. Here's an A. Oh my God. This facts, Paris Hilton, my ass.
There's a lot of total early there is that effect. I think you probably heard something you're asked the very close call. Yeah, I got news for my ass. Let's look at her and she does.
I'll take her word for it, even on a day of a road should pop. No, I want all actually we can put it on her because look at what the question is. That's right. We didn't say we didn't assume that these people have good taste.
That's the thing when you most desire. Yeah, put Paris Hilton on there just for yucks. Yeah, yuck is right. I think maybe wine, Mike might vote for that. Just just for look out there for yucks. Yeah, look out.
Yeah, I don't I don't want to like I want to say this delicately, but you know, I'm always vision about these really smelly nasty gross people like it would find in various places. Right. Mostly certain kind of I don't want to say like Russian and all that makes Eastern block.
But you know, most of these people are married to somebody. You know, I'm grown with this. Yes, I do. And I think to myself these people are laying down in the same bed with other people. That's right.
And they look like this and they smell like this and they like haven't seen a bar of soap or a thing, a body washing about. I mean, you're probably saying if I do, they're probably married to a similar pig. I see.
Because otherwise, maybe that explains the rash of the size in the world. You know, that might be it. What a horrible thing. Maybe maybe like 40, 50 years ago, the other person, the smelly nasty rose per was like very attractive when it were young and very, you know, maybe even whatever had good hygiene.
But all of a sudden this turned into a way disgusting smelly nasty, raunchy pig. Man, I just like to have to lie down to something like that. No, thank you.
Night after night, day after day, get up in the morning with that morning breath. That's stench that wonderful aroma. See, maybe it's just not so bad after all of the day.
This is your little song. This is 5.62.8.
You understand the stupe of extract of everyone.
If anybody has a piznya, dissenting from our way, will face your name and to the sea now.
A tsunami of just days, don't even have a sequence. Just follow undoseys.
Everybody's turning past it. That's us, they. In the act of victory in love, you're watching our love you.
Everyone does a stupe of extract. So, but what do you need? This is a deforestation. And all you might need is your brotherlandation.
You're gonna hate those two, and the twins live our roastwood. We leave everything we can. And the state run new.
Let war and forth regret build up your escalade. A roof and chainy bush venue. That's us a.
We don't let you see our jobs. So, about the time of these good. We're fascinated by chain.
No, no, we don't stupid.
All the way to the sea. The fact that the average can wait. Everybody's turning past it.
That's us, you have to.
1118 at 560 WQM, Kimba Bo Campa, or two you got Curtis for the mad dog at four. And then that hurry teen stuff. Don't forget we got the QM vanna today.
Noon to two at the Shell gas station of the corner of university, drive and drive. Right across from where they used to have that convenience store where the cops plantation cops used to make the coffee every morning to pre-doants. Right.
Which is why it's probably no longer there. And also right next door that veterinarian that I didn't use for a long time. And then seven o'clock tonight, Joshua will have merchandise with him at Hurricane Hotline and Bernie Kose, our stay-couse.
59 60 Southwest 70th reaches two blocks west of US one. At the Hurricane Hotline, which is on the 79th and the beasted Bernie Kose at nine and 80 K at 10.
But at Hurricane stuff, let's hope they do some real good hurricane route. And okay, let's hope it has some impact.
Because we want those canes to win big on Thursday when they play Clemson in the ACC tourney with the pregame at 11.30 Thursday morning. Oh yeah.
You have in Clemson at noon. And then of course if they win Thursday and Friday, they're right back again on like I said Thursday, well Friday. Got it following that?
We got it. So in other words, keep going. Keep on going. Maybe at least through Friday. Give us a nice soft week this week. That would be really good. Soft.
567. I'm really surprised. I thought this whole be ringing off the hook today, but it's picked up right where was yesterday.
That kind of week. So you'll be pleased to be doing well. You got a short show tomorrow anyway. I'll be sure to know, but I'll tend to stay tomorrow.
56705 60 Tom 560 in the Verizon Singular wireless line. Of course, I could have made the dentist thing for Thursday morning when we have the short show, but that's not when they had an opening.
Right. I got an opening in my tooth and they got an opening tomorrow morning. So that's when I'm going to Queenbroker crowds. So you got to do it. That is correct. WQA and hello.
Hey, how you doing? Okay. Happy Malay to 30 year. Happy forum. Yeah. Hey Brad Pitt is one of the luckiest men in the world because Angelina Jolie is very open about her bisexuality.
So on the night, twice, she's in the mood for Taco Fiesta. I'm sure he's there. Okay. Great. 56705 60. I wonder where he was going with that. Yeah. Straight to Taco hell. And Tom 560 in the Verizon Singular wireless line.
You know what I started out by like sounding like a responsible rational human being. And then he started like going right there, you know, right there. Right there. Don't go there. WQA. I don't WQA am hello.
How are you doing, buddy? Are you are you looking at barrel? No, I'm okay. I'm. Are you going over that? You were falling a barrel? Because I can barely hear you, man.
Hey, man. How you got your right hand feeling? What is it? How's the hand feeling? I heard you fell down again. Yeah, right. Oh God. God help us. WQA and hello. Hey, I wanted to put in a vote. Yeah. I'm right here. I'm listening. Okay. How about Michelle Fyfer?
You like Michelle Fyfer? Uh-huh. How are you? Are you a lesbian? No. Okay. Well, that's okay. Just asking when you like to be. You know, it might be interesting to try once.
Well, I will. Okay. It sounds interesting. The major will come by and watch. I'll bring the camera. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thanks. Right. Play by play. Fyfer. We'll put her out there. Now, what is that? What are they showing on there?
Where are they going to make me put it on Derek Kagan? Are you Mrs. Limbaugh? I know. She makes me ill.
He gives me kind of a rush. What about that story about scared America going off WLIV in New York, probably April 1? How about that? What about it? That's this pose. I mean, I mean, maybe the Viana, you're still in Schoenckli and Geneva, you know, and in its salinity. But that kind of like pulls the whole carpet, yanks it out from her. Maybe the fact is that the Liberals Campion are radio.
No, no, no. Is there a law or something? I think that's part of the pay-credact by an unnamed government by not having the, yeah, a lot of stuff.
Here's a line nine WDQA and hello. Very, very weak. I did junior prophetic work on it, man. WDQA and hello. WDQA and Ola. Happy be elated. Anniversary. Happy Anniversary. WDQA and hello.
All questions by far? 5.67.0560. Like I said, starting the Estonians can be that way all week long. W-E-A-K. How's your pile today?
I got fair pile. Looks kind of like Paris Hilton. WDQA and hello. Yeah, I got a vote for the poll. Yes, sir. I want to put some solar in this thing. Pam Greer.
I can't agree. I'm going to put some solar on it. Pam Greer. Well, she was famous for the black exploitation movies of the 70s.
Oh, she's an old bag now. Currently, she's on the old word. Yeah.
So, what hold is she about 72? Like, 30. Pretty hot. She's almost as hot as Rosa Parks. 5.67.0560.
WDQA and hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay. Happy 30th. I'm glad I got an opportunity to call in about that.
And I just wanted to mention proof that Paul Castanoval has a zero-up your blood here. He was given the old, put the lotion in the basket.
Did you hear anybody? Anybody else coming about that? No, because nobody listens to it. So, I have an online. He looked at something. Is that something new that he rips off everybody, including us a lot? I just thought I'd let you know, but there's nothing else to listen to. What do you know? Anyway, so that's what it was. You were.
That's the best thing he's got going for. Okay. It's the best thing he's got going for. When I took stir it off the ear. Is that the reason he's got any audience? Fill out some of it as much funnier than Paul.
In a vision of which we got a nice fact from Phil yesterday. And we didn't get nothing from Paul saying, hey, happy 30th. You old bastard, Fagrin, unlike that. You know, because he's a.
And by the way, we still don't watch on QI Am Paul. I love the way he lied about that and denied that. He begged everybody, PD Lenny and Duff. Oh, he wanted on the station so bad. He wanted out that cheap channel of it. Like you didn't believe. Oh, no, that's a bunch of lies. Yeah, right. Yeah, I'm the liar. I'm the liar that always was running into him with the sawgrass. He would, you know, make up those things on the array.
Random and he'll the sawgrass first of all, I never shopped at the sawgrass. Okay. I was in there, maybe twice in my life at the food court. I did like Nathan's though. Yeah, I have to go to the sawgrass to get find Nathan's everywhere.
Now seriously, why would you? What what is the attraction of the sawgrass when you come right down to it? I give up what's the maggot store? Well, it's sprawling. Yeah, hearing all the different languages spoken. Yeah, that's a good point. It's like a it's like the tower of Babel.
It's a bouillon for you. Which is what they came here to do. We're going to make that thousand easy today. We got 82 already. It's not even 30 yet. So I guess that's what it's going to be.
I think this is a good direction. We're moving in our less on the phone and more on the internet. Oh, yeah. Who is the woman you most desire? Jessica, album 143. Halle's varies. 125. Angelina Jolie, 114. Charlize Theron, 90.
Scarlett Johansson, 85. Natalie Portman, 46. None. I'm a straight female, 41. 4.6%. That is a shocker. We never get that. Do we? No. Almost 5% of the audience. Maybe the ladies are finally catching on.
People are ready to out of the closet. Evil, Angoria, 41. Britney Spears, 36. Britney's dropped a precipitous tumble. She's tumbling on it. Got that skank all over her. Oh, God. Yes, it'll be all 33. Non-I'm gay, 32. 32. Gay.
I hate this poll, 31. A.B. Annelima, 21. Maria Manuno, 11. Jennifer Connelly, 9. If you ask me to ask somebody, Jenna Jamison, 8. C. Anamiller, 6.
Alex Panell Anderson, 5. And Georgia's spitting blood. Paris Hilton's got a pair. Tiny pair. They're not noticeable, but she's got a pair. Amory to.
Giselle Bunchkin, Bunchman, Bunchins got one. And none from Pram Greer, Michelle Fyffer, or Eva or Joshua Ru.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.69. A.B.
Pakistan, 8.
Abdul, what would they be doing? Don't they need me, Abdul? I mean, I'm just discussing. Discussing.
I'm unclean. Well, entertainment news now, singer. George Michael is out on bail after being arrested for a suspicion of drug possession. Police arrested him in one day after finding a swan sober in his car.
They questioned him about drug use and will now be gotten investigation. If the city could face up to two years in jail, and the fun.
Last Christmas, you gave me some crack. Just a very next day. I smoked it away. I'm queer. I have no career. In jail, I meet someone.
That's all right, I'll be your father figure.
Police, who called by a member of the public to a man seen slumped over the steering wheel of a car on a street close to high top corner.
Kotlin Yard said he was arrested on suspicion of the possession of controlled substances. He was taken to a central London police station.
The police were arrested for a suspicion of the possession of controlled substances.
The police were arrested for a suspicion of the possession of controlled substances.
The police were arrested for a suspicion of the possession of controlled substances.
I'm sure you've done no other it. Strong again. Because last Christmas, you gave me some crack. But the very next day, I smoked it away.
I'm queer. I have no career. In jail, I meet someone. That's all right, I'll be your father figure.
1132 at 560 W.A.Q.I.M. GOP lawmakers work to limit probe of domestic spying program. Republicans in Congress are trying to limit the scope of any investigation.
And how President Bush and Secret Domestic Surveillance Program has operated. Some key lawmakers also are working to legalize that spying on US citizens in the future.
Perhaps with some judicial restrictions. Let me read that sentence again.
Some key lawmakers are also working to legalize spying on US citizens in the future. Perhaps with some judicial restrictions. Or perhaps that.
Right. Perhaps. The dual track effort is designed to protect the Bush administration from an all-out congressional inquiry into the Secret Program.
While rejecting Bush's argument, they already has full legal authority to order such surveillance.
The Senate Intelligence Committee scheduled a vote today on a Democratic-Planet conduct a broad investigation into the program.
Committee Chairman Pat Roberts, Republican of Kansas, a real Yahoo, is trying to win support for a more limited inquiry.
Roberts refused to say yesterday whether we had the votes to force all the Democratic-demand for investigation. Democrats need only one Republican to decide who orders such a probe of them.
Access Doug Thompson thing, man. It's scary stuff.
It's scary stuff. How dare he write anything about the Unmentionedable Act?
Right. In that Unmentionedable website. Speaking about mentionedables, Walmart.
Walmart and West bloggers in a PR campaign. This is so, this is what smacks up to me in spite of all the money they're making, the billions. And especially desperation.
Yeah. Because Moa and Moa are getting out of them and Moa and Moa communities are saying, hey, guess what? We don't want you here. You can't build one here. Go away.
Go find some slave labor somewhere else like in India. Brian Pickerley blogger recently posted a note on his website attacking state legislation that would force Walmart's stores to spend more on employee health insurance.
All across the country, newspaper editorial boards, no great friends of business are ripping the bills he wrote.
It was the kind of pro Walmart comment that John retailer might write itself. And in fact, it did.
Several sentences in Mr. Pickerley's January 20th posting. Others from different days are identical to those written by an employee that want to Walmart's public relations firms and distributed by email to bloggers.
Under assault is never before. All right. Walmart is increasing lubricant beyond the mainstream media and working directly with bloggers feeding them exclusive nuggets of news.
Suggesting topics for postings, even inviting them to visit its corporate headquarters. Kind of like the way the Fudge report operates.
You know, it gets a call from Richard Mellon's Skafe and some of those operatives, those right-wing fanatics. And by the beep that it will be put on or whatever they just put the words in his mouth.
And boy, you talk about getting crowded. But the strategy raises questions about what bloggers who pride themselves in independence to disclose to readers.
Walmart, the nation's largest private employer has been forthright with bloggers about the origins of its communications and the company has public relations firms. Adelman say they did not compensate the blogger.
But some bloggers have post-information from Walmart at times. Word for word without revealing where it came from. Glenn Reynolds, the founder of Instapundit.com, one of the oldest blogs on the web, the Wicked Web, said that even the blogger sphere, which has been out for its lack of rules, a basic tentative applies.
If I reprint something I say word came from, a blogger is about your voice, it seems to me not somebody else's.
Companies of all stripes is using blog self-shape public opinion. Before General Electric announced a major investment energy efficient technology last year, company executed his first met with major environmental bloggers to build support.
Others have reached out to bloggers for promoting a product for services Microsoft did with this Xbox game system. By the way, they don't work. And singular wireless is done with an introduction to the book called. That was so choice, man.
All those people that were beaten each other over the head and going crazy and lining up at three o'clock in the morning. And they've not their respond. They're like, it doesn't work.
But what's different about Walmart's approach to blogging is that rather than promoting a product, something that does quite well given its $300 billion annual sales, it's trying to improve its battered image.
Walmart long criticized for low wages and its health benefits began working with bloggers late 2005 as part of an overall effort to sell our story said Mona Williams, a company spokeswoman.
As more and more Americans go to the internet to get information from varied credible trusted sources, Walmart is committed to participating in that online conversation, she said.
And it goes on and they're just planning to see the correct propaganda. So careful what you read on the web. Just trust the stuff you read in our website. That's it. That's right. All the rest is proper gander.
I do like that raw story, man. That's excellent. It's pretty raw.
If you realize we got 914 votes already, I do. And there's a dumb person that you're talking on TV.
Oh, there he is. Oh, thank God. It's not live. But that's right. He had to use Air Force one to fly to Texas because he had a cast that vote in that time. It's got like 40 votes in it. He might be the deciding vote.
So we can't afford any DC on the NBC news. I said all those mobile homes that are sinking into the ground. The FEMA bought. Yep.
All these poor bastards from New Orleans, man, are homeless. And yesterday they started the demolition of those homes and the tearing the houses down. All this other crap.
And we got people at desperate to find a life. You know, I have no life. But we got thousands and thousands of mobile homes sitting sinking in the ground in Texas. And what was the other Arkansas?
Right. Think of Thwyd. Yeah. They're thinking over there. As you're going to weaver would say nice trailer.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 leave Verizon singular wireless line WQ AM. Hello. Hey, good morning. Yes, sir.
Sandra Bullock on that list, please. Okay. And today's my birthday. Really? Yeah. Such a small part in crash. I mean, it's still a great movie, but you had a pretty small part.
And for my birthday, could you do me one small favor? Possibly.
Mo bit. Now see here. I love it. I miss Mr. Pomposite. He was the funniest man between 10 and 2.
Okay. Thank you. The other. Oh, now see here. There actually is a bit cold. I mean, I remember. Yeah.
It was about to be a series to you know, it was a fucking still be a series. It's not really going to stop now. Now see here. His memory lingers on.
Dodo Dodo Andy Romov. That must read in the bag. Somebody Q. A. M. Hello. Hey, Neil. I got a couple people for your list on the. The bitches list. I got higher bank.
And then on and then on a list of 40 fo we got a regional marketing as Jackson. Reggie Jackson, 44. My gosh, how can I? We got an angry. We got Floyd little. Right.
And we have that. You Dan Morgan. Who? Dan Morgan when he was a linebacker at the U or 44. Well, you I think that's not my U. And then of course the world renowned Cherokee parts when he was a duke.
Okay. Quick. Well, your head. Oh, yeah, although it is my university. We love their hurricanes. When on Thursday, please. Oh, yeah. Knock off Clemson, man. Clemson's not that great. That's what we were told.
They're marginal. Keens have a shot to win that game. We got a shot, man. If Jimmy Johnson would say we got a shot because if the Keens win that game, then they play again on Friday morning at the same time. We get another soft day.
So it's possible. I could have a really soft week. You know what? In my age, it's probably got to get used to it.
Go to the soft food. Dennis tomorrow. That's not a soft dough. To be honest with that, rather work the two hours and 50 minutes tomorrow. They go to the dentist and get a real. That's good.
I don't know what you're going to get. Well, you're going to get ground ground and ground ground ground ground.
Yeah, well, they got a new coffee thing. I saw the side out there that's they're calling it something. One of the talking heads. I think it was a what's your name?
So late, dad. I think she was saying how tasted like it. I don't know. One of them was saying it tasted like it had something in it.
Oh, how about that? Careful. Careful. We love that burger came.
Right. You're the best. We like we like everybody who's in business on QI. If you got some money, we want it.
Just like when you go into wood by man, you got some cash. We'll take it. We don't care if they have to weed you in with 14 oxygen tanks and some of the thing too. I still can't get over that.
You think that's what I have in my future? Can you just envision that?
But wheelchair oxygen is a great part of the slot machine. Yeah. Yeah. I can see it now. Bag. You know, with the with the.
And the. In the nose electric wheelchair, of course. And the back of the side of my electric wheelchair does open around from one good machine to another one. I think that's it.
And if that's what my future holds, I think that's the best idea. I'm going hunting with Dick Taylor.
There he is. He's me Roger. This is five sixteen.
Our David's a fit. Okay. Now what's the moment that I was supposed to play because I got distracted by something on the internet here? What was it? Now see here. Oh, now see here.
Well, where am I going to find that? In keeping with the high standards of raw cast iron, in the tradition of Edward on the road, see it now.
Five sixty WQAM presents now see here with Mo. How are you David? I just want to say here. I've got a new beginning. And if I had so choose to stay, I will change the face of whatever that is told.
Now see here who did more for radio. The O'Rodges or Hoi Bosque or Anderson.
Ah.
I say Hoi Bosque or Anderson. That's who. But one thing, he was the mayor of boarding radiance and at Pitchsmoker, he ain't no mayor. Why Hoi Bosque or Anderson sang nice song.
Oh, he had a few.
Are you guys all right?
The O'Rodges and Singles won't have another demand for the O'Rodges. Why sure? That's a Neil Singland and a discouraging song about the O'Rodges and a bag of dough on it. He writes them and the Neil sings them.
Now you know he's queer because real men don't sing.
And another day Hoi Bosque or Anderson was a lot better than Neil too. That they are made in their pastings.
On the next installment of now see here who made a better cup of coffee. This is Olsen or Jackie Robinson.
Now see me here next time for more indigents. Now see here. Not there over here.
And I heard it was Burger King. Not even Mrs. Olsen. 5.6705.60 in the Verizon and see it in the wireless lines.
And don't forget QA and Van. Noon to two. Shell gas station corn to University and the Broward Boulevard.
And 7 to 10 tonight. Josh Cortes will have merchandise with him at the Hurricane Hotline. Bernie Kozar stay-cows. Now you got to do better than 80 bucks there tonight.
I have no control over that. Show up people. Let me say it again. You got to do better than 80 bucks. That's pretty lame.
They got to do better than 80. Who's going to be on the air while you're there? That would be Josie from Josh Thero and the Pia.
This is till 10. So see the other guy's got a plug in. Well I have no problem with plug in. I will.
Hello. OK. Of course. In addition to which this one we probably can do better because we know the address of this one is Bernie Kozar stay-cows.
59.60 Southwest 70 of Street. Just two blocks west of US one. As opposed to that smoky bones here that he went and didn't know where the hell it was.
Well, they're on there. I have no problem with that. Just when he starts making comments about what he grabber in his ponytail like that we get real upset.
Along with some of these people. SKB whoever that is. These people that send facts is that have no name.
Remember the song a horse with no name by a little. It's always a fax with no name. Why is that?
I almost never use anybody's last name on the air just out of common courtesy which I don't have much for a little bit.
Gabriel Union. By the way, Miguel is already out there with the fan. Well that's great. The early bird gets the worm. OK. Go buy and give the worm to a Miguel or the other way around.
He's already there at the shall gas station corner university and Howard Boulevard. Right across in the key corner from the Howard Mall.
Gabriel Union to the women and most of our pulses SKB scabby. Remember scabby haze Gabriel Union. What is the state of the union by the way?
Who is Gabriel Union? You're going to have to elucidate me on some. I can't think of who she is. Oh, well, you don't know how about Josh. You know who that is?
No, he's Google. Yeah. Well, he's Google. It's going to be one of those. Oh, that chick. Yeah, from that show. One of those things. 900 for all.
And you know something on it's Tuesday. You know what's on supernatural on the WB tonight. That's right. She's a hot chocolate girl.
Hot chocolate. Say it right. Chocolate. Chocolate. She's the girl that was about an alien versus predator. Is that her? No. OK. She was in.
She was alien versus predator. Alien meets the terminator. The woman you most is there. We got 952 votes. We'll have a thousand very close to a thousand by noon already.
Point. This is what does this mean? You know, nothing. What do you mean it doesn't mean anything? What kind of a negative comment is that?
Oh, I mean, it's really important. I mean, it's important. It's very. You don't think it's important? Not to me. It's not. I could give a cramp less about this particular poll.
Now look at Amastrate female 4.6% 44. 44 out of 952. In fact, the votes are coming in by the nuns. The nuns are voting now. But the nuns got their favorites. Yeah, I'm sure they do. Yeah.
And gay 34 3.5%. The fact that we got more straight women than gay men listening to that. Now that's a real flyover in it. Of course, it could be a straight woman.
But it then gays that actually voted rather than for that option. Jonathan and Plantasne has become very chronic.
Says, please add some a high act to the poll. If you look, oh, I see that. I can't read that line. I like John Stewart.
But I don't blame him for the overall poor show quality who was producing at Helen Keller. Cars on fire and people walking in slow motion with El Wazan.
It says, by the way, good luck with your oral work. Yeah, I'm working on it.
The first act. It just wasn't a good oral week for me. So it's pretty. First I did it. I invited my tongue and woodbind.
It's got a good thing to do there, especially if it entices you to run the hell out.
And then this thing, just mind of my own business, tonight you go eating dinner, all of them are just crunching.
And it was a whole chunk of, and come to find out, isn't just one tooth. There's another tooth. It's got like a little, a little thing.
So I see a little thing on your tooth. I said, wouldn't be the first time. WQA and hello. Hello, Neil. Yes.
When did Moe get off? I beg your pardon. When did Moe? How are David? You should go.
Are you living in a cave somewhere? He's been off the air for weeks and weeks and weeks and weeks now. I just got back. I've got a town.
He's long gone, man. No more. Where's the at now? Home. Home.
Let me say it again. Home.
These people at these cell phones, I can't handle it. No, Moe. You know what?
The worst quality. And you think as the time went on, it would get better.
You think about it. You think it would be a good cell phone, but it's not. And that's what it sounds like.
And they're fading in and out. They're like all over the place. Jesus, get a real phone, pal.
I have no life. Yeah, talk about out of touch. When's Mike, when you were coming back? What about Big Wilson?
You know, I mean, get serious with you. Moe was getting paid to stay home. In fact, I think I do believe that any day now,
it wasn't at Mark's tent. It was the end of his contract. Okay. So maybe he'll be popping up on some station year. You were
soon. I have a feeling it's not going to be the one across this street. I could be wrong about that. You never know.
I don't see the Moe and Joe show. I don't see that coming to coming again. Low Joe show. W.D. Q.A.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. George Stocksman.
Thank you so much. Thanks so much for all the information in the bedtime stories you've given us in the last seven years.
Neil, I don't I have an emblem. Listen to every minute of every show regrettably. But but I was wondering have you seen this short film document
called Ha Ha America? No. Well, I think you really be interested in it. And I can tell you and your listeners how to see it if you want to.
What's it about? It's about it's a Chinese documentary satirical documentary on America outsourcing all the jobs to China.
It's very interesting. I think I think you'd like it. You can see it by going to a website called youtube.wiu.tub.com.
Yeah. And then you are up in the search the search for movies section. You put in quote Ha Ha America.
And you know, give it a shot today if you get a chance. I think you really enjoy it. Neil.
Okay. Thanks again for everything. Thanks a lot, Pellie. Take care yourself. So ha ha ha America is what he said.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
I'm going to show you my new book. I'm going to show you my new book. I'm going to show you my new book. I'm going to show you my new book. I'm going to show you my new book. I'm going to show you my new book. I'm going to show you my new book. I'm going to show you my new book. I'm going to show you my new book. I'm going to show you my new book. I'm going to show you my new book. I'm going to show you my new book. I'm going to show you my new book. I'm going to show you my new book. I'm going to show you my new book. I'm going to show you my new book. I'm going to show you my new book. I'm going to show you my new book. I'm going to show you my new book. I'm going to show you my new book. I'm going to show you my new book. I'm going to show you my new book. I
don't dare to. But I do Boss Cook on swimsuits then I do nothing yourself. But I do not dare to. But I do not dare to go swimming there that way. Boss, you know. I do not dare to. That's right. Only about what you wear this like Happy's wedding gown. But I only got a different shirt from this. Ok. To beroad with you guys are totally perfect. therapeuticï¿½ful and realistic and beautiful andéœ€è¦ You guys are completely perfect when you're on a waterline with your friends or friends and friends and friends you're completely profession like you do. I'll drop you off with my passport morning pequeÃ±a. I was
voice of words that's part you know like Hyman Roth had a partner. Yeah. Every
day everybody's got to have a partner. Probably that guy that they bring him back from
Israel like King. So he's probably got a partner. 966 votes for that is so impressive man.
I think I think we can just retire right now. 969. Oh sorry 960. WQA and hello.
male. Yes sir. Michelle Rodriguez. Michelle Rodriguez who is. Yeah. Yeah.
Awesome. Thank you. Okay. She's an ugly beast but we'll pull her under
anyway. Michelle Rodriguez. Let me see it again. Who is she? She's she's a lot
of friends. Is there anybody out there? What? She's an actress. Yeah. She's
been in movie. She's on lost right now. She's an ugly bean face. Oh well put
her on her anyway. What do you get? Oh there's that beener stuff starting again.
You were the one that found beener for you got some snicken urge to be talking
about beeners nevertheless. Yeah. Where did you find him seriously? Where did he
come from? For two years he tried to get an internship here and he would you
know come to appearances or write and bring his resume and all this stuff and he
was a computer guy and that was at the time when we needed a computer guy and
somebody to sit in the other room so I set up an interview and he
v.s. his way on in and you live with I guess it was Claret's at the time and
Duff was still the operation to do to the dud but you know because I would
definitely make them the decisions you sure would ever want to hire him. No.
It was probably would have hired somebody to look better than that. And anyway he's
the other things in history is what mistakes we all make mistakes and like ask
what he's going to have to live with or almost died with. Uh huh. Well it's a
good thing I was new about day that he collapsed on the floor. Oh you enjoyed the show.
Well you know it's probably my fault. I didn't know when these guys do the work
for the internet and put the stories up there I said oh you know keep sending
money and I have a feeling I was subsidizing whatever his problema was. See
it by talking so much that I can't even speak right. Fetaly it can't speak at
a funny. The interesting thing was when you when you pushed out on someone's
chest when they're blowing blood bubbles out of their nose. It's amazing how big
those bubbles could actually get before they pop. I'll be damned.
1157 a Q and we got Kimba Bull Camp over with the Panthers lost in a shootout
last night. They were behind late and they tied it up looked like things were
going well and they lost in a shootout. Their playoff chances at this point are
oh none and less than none. Montreal until why tell you one thing I don't want to
give him the hockey talk but the Philadelphia Flyers man it was an exciting game
but that Montreal game was a choking gagging eric. These yard-ends should rot
in hell. This is the new rocket hockey idiot. Give him a prize of 20 seconds.
Send a Homeland Security Tom Ridge advising you to put duct tape on your radio
when I raise the warning color to think for the Neil Rogers 12-to-1 hour.
Hey what if I told you there's a way to prepare your corporate documents that
will make them tasty to investors no matter what's actually bubbling just
below the surface. Hi everybody I'm Ron Hokey for my latest invention in
Ronco rotisserie bookcooker. Now before I show you all the great features you
enjoy with my new bookcooker let me introduce my helper for today. She's the wife
of this race former Enron CEO Kenneth Lee. Let's say hello to Linda Lee.
Hi Ron. What's cooking? It sure smells good. Oh you want an old Linda right now in the oven
we're cooking up a batch of Enron books. Well it sure smells real. That's right Linda.
My all-new Enronco rotisserie bookcooker makes even the foulest smelling
accounting practices a real treat for the nostrils. Oh yeah and that's because of
the special heating element I design. Come here come here look at this see see
that right there. Oh Ron I don't believe it is actually turning the red
aim to blind. That's right I'm not gonna let me. Oh that's right and first of all when you're done
cooking the books you just pop out the heating element like this. That was so easy. Oh sure and then
just pop in the Enronco Rotary Shredder and then just shred it and forget it.
Ron this is fantastic. Thank you. You should show this to my friends at Arthur Anderson.
Show it to him. Who do you think is my biggest customer? Enronco rotisserie bookcooker
get once a day before they lock you up.
Probably one at five sixty no juicy man. How's lunch coming from John the Baker?
Slow. Really? Not there yet? No. Huh some a little bit despondent about it too.
It's coming isn't it? That's what we're told yeah. That's what you've been told.
Well I don't want Duff to get all bent out of shape because that's his account and he'll get like all you know
start hyperventilating get all emotional start crying. It'll show up there real
soon in fact looks to me like it's lunch hour right now. What do you want?
And they're 1015 in the morning? Sure that'd be good. They'll be there any minute.
You're in tea. I'll bet you don't bet you Josh's life on it.
Whichever Josh you want to do. Oh don't forget McGell is there now we gotta report you.
We got sixty bucks. Well that's he just officially starting right now.
It's better we did yesterday. It's a good head start. Right.
12,065 bucks. That's a real good start. They ought to be lined up from there all the way up to sunrise boulevard.
That'd be lined up all the way to a commercial boulevard.
Noon to two at the shell station you'll find right now McGell and the QM van waiting for use.
See I don't I don't want to make any predictions but I'm very leery.
That's why I'm very nervous about these CD things because in the beginning there's this real big you know
and then all of a sudden after people got some then strange things begin happening.
You know what I mean? Yeah. Still it's not about the bits. It's about actually having the CD and contributing to the cause.
Right. It's up in the show people.
Thanks for three writers at the right price. I mean twenty dollars isn't even a buck a year.
You put it in your CD case it's part of the collection.
It's not entertainment any elucidation and whatever else we do.
It's a collector's item. That's what it is. That's right.
That's even not a dollar for a fart sound that we used to play.
Like just pennies per fart.
So two o'clock McGell's waiting for you. We better do a thousand bucks there today where I'm going to be really
parked off. I'll tell you how and when we're going to get the next update on the internet thing is that's just going to be sporadic.
Spastic. I don't know.
Corny University and Brad Boulevard next to that veterinarian place.
I think that's plantation animal hospitals. What it is.
You used to use them for a while.
Here's one that says you've got a bunch of Jessica's on your list but not the hottest one.
Jessica Simpson and George Ashley was close enough she was right there in that studio and probably still
to save the very shiny spot on that seat right right across the table.
I captured the air from the seat.
In a small.
In a small.
But he can't do the essence of Jessica's ass air.
I said air.
I think you said here.
5 6705. Yeah, she's all right. She's an idiot and I really wonder about that whole arrangement but what's what's what's to like?
5 670560 and pound 560 in the Verizon cigarette wireless line.
WQA and hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Is this Neil? Sounds like me. Yes.
Neil 51 year old angle.
Been listening for about 15 years.
I did get a see or I ordered the CD that day after you had it on the website and I just wondering if people are getting them.
How long it takes to get them?
Anybody want to give me an answer?
I was going to do it.
Hey, four to six weeks.
I don't know. I'll make some money here four to six weeks.
They'll be along.
They'll be along.
Okay, well, thanks for the entertainment. You're great now.
Okay, thanks for your help, pal.
See, once they start hitting me with questions like that, we're going to line up.
Right, right.
We got a guy who's a good guy.
You know, he's probably a good guy.
What could we do with him?
We can take the money and have scone with it.
Because he did the stuff for us last year.
Yeah, well, that's the set up.
Right, how I see.
Oh, no, he's a good guy.
He's taking care of it.
We don't want to get him all psychotic.
Maybe he doesn't get it, you know, but he's Richard.
Male the CD's out already.
Yeah, male of my dick.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50.
How are we doing on our pool?
We got a thousand votes yet.
I would be sorry.
Oh, look at that.
My psychic powers, baby.
That means that food will be in there any minute.
A thousand and one votes.
Boy, I am good.
Just ask me.
I'll tell you a thousand and one.
And Jessica Alba and the Halle Berry and Angelina,
they all got a shot.
They all got a big shot.
That's a nice group up there.
WQA and hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
Jennifer Tilly.
Jennifer Tilly sounds kind of silly.
Okay, Jennifer Tilly.
What do you say?
Put her out there.
Well, you actually, you can't say anything because the question is,
who is the woman you most desire?
If he wants Jennifer Tilly, he's entitled, okay?
Right.
If he wants JLo, then he's entitled.
I'm not thinking he'd probably handle ass that big,
but nevertheless, you never know.
Well, I'd hate the ass that's objectionable.
It's all the rest of it.
I think it starts with the essence of kind of food.
It moves up from the end down, up and down.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Well, I've said that these last couple of days, man,
it's not looking all that promising.
Or nearly this kind of a poll, these phones be smoking, baby.
Right.
Smoking.
What's with this crowd?
I think they're gone.
I think once they heard the trends on Friday, that was it.
Well, that's that.
We're done with that.
What we've got to listen to now?
We're done with that.
And that's scary America.
They're probably going to be going off pretty soon.
What do we do now?
What team do we start rooting for now?
What band-bagging?
You know, the interesting thing is I'm a little bit tempted
on this New York Daily News deal, because they had a series
of articles from this alleged book that your main
Jackson was writing, this X-Pose, and then he goes out
of Larry last night.
No one at Larry would just kissy, kissy, kissy,
kissy all over what you did and let him talk all the trash
you wanted and denies everything.
He never had any of this stuff.
It's all about your lies.
He never was going to write these things.
He had an outline for a book that had nothing to do with this stuff.
And yada yada yada.
I still say, though, that if it was all about your lies,
wouldn't you at the very least want to retort demand or retraction?
Or say we're going to sue your ass?
Or he didn't indicate any of those stuff.
And just like everybody else, Latoya, and everybody else
in the family, it's always, you know, say one thing
and then somebody gets to them.
That band-bagging, I can't stand it.
Right, like that, you know.
So I think that those big black Muslim bodyguards
he's got around him all the time.
I think they may be occasionally make some of these people
and offer the camera few.
I think they're quite the, they're quite the, they're quite the,
they make a good argument.
Just look at him.
It's kind of what first weighed us.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Julian Barbarik.
Thank you.
Julian Barbarik, okay.
I'll be in Barbarik.
Put her on there.
That's what he wants.
He could have her.
Can he have her?
Oh.
I don't want her.
You can have her.
That's what George says.
Who?
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Deal.
Yes, sir.
You got a Vita Guerrera on the list?
Venus Guerrera.
No, Vita?
Vita.
Hi, T-S.
Vita Guerrera, I got it.
I thought it was Guerrera.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Guerrera.
Vita Guerrera.
I used to play for his face, but it might be Hurricane.
Vita Guerrera.
What do you call her?
Guerrera.
Guerrera.
You're going to get your spict-off straight, Mr. Kikin-Liven-Sav-Floro.
Oh, they're going to ask you to get your ass real fast.
Vita Guerrera.
Like Randy Guerrera.
Vita.
I remember Randy Guerrera came back and played the old timers game
on a Saturday when they were playing the Hurricane Spring Game on the same day at the same time.
And I got that call on Monday from Coach Smellyberger.
Very upset with me.
Mr. Rogers, you have a problem with us.
And I said, yeah, I do.
I said, I think if you're going to like play, if you're going to like compete with yourselves for attendance,
it's kind of a dumb thing to do.
Wow.
If you have a problem in the future.
While he was cleansing that pipe and his TV, you know how it's Smellyberger?
He's a real f**k hole is what he is.
And of course, the sports nerds, they kissy kissy up to him.
I have no idea why.
He's a real jerk.
He's one of those sports nerds that take himself very seriously, you know.
And he got a smokes of pipe.
I don't know about you.
You know who used to smoke a pipe?
Who?
Who used to sit in the dark in the office where Dick Casper used to be before him.
Now, Luke Cron.
You talk about it in the dark, literally and figuratively.
Sitting in there, clenching, smoking a pipe.
You know, I'm not.
I've been really wondering what he was smoking when he came right down to it.
Huh.
What?
I really doubt that because I know he got hysterical and I had the bird seeds in there that day.
Remember that episode you've heard of?
Yes, that's funny.
Talking about seeds for the seeding, I was pretending that we had a big thing of pot seeds in there.
And that's funny.
Oh my God.
And there's Tom Jicke was my guest that day.
And Luke Cron.
And Luke Cron.
And he was running down the hall and little Tommy is in the hallway and screaming.
You're going to lose our license, Thiel.
Oh, you're all going to lose in your mind.
What am I about?
And what I had in my hand was a jar, right?
A glass jar with a bunch of hearts mountain, not hearts, it did hurt.
Hearts mountain bird seeds.
That's that's what was in there.
And any idiot could tell by looking at it what it was and certainly what was not.
You know, you can't tell the difference between bird seed and pot seeds, man.
You better get on the pot or get off it.
Well, there's only one way to know for sure.
Yeah, I know.
Man, what a clown.
Yeah, don't think about guys with pipes.
Well, what are they trying to prove?
I spoke a pipe.
WQA and hello.
Hey, Shakira.
Oh, yeah, please.
Put it on there fast.
Shakira, banana.
Shakira, I'm sure.
Oh, Shakira.
I tell you, man, equality these calls.
I feel like I'm getting a loud ass limbo syndrome.
And I know it's not me.
No, it's the phones.
The phones suck.
God.
And of course, how those are bulbs coming to switch is those bulbs.
I don't see anything going on.
You know, a lot of verbal intercourse there.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
That's not happening.
But that's okay.
I don't care.
Yeah, they're all over.
I want to start again.
I don't care.
We have an understanding.
You know what I mean?
Nope.
We've got a meeting of the mines.
WQA and hello.
Molly.
Molly.
Ring wall.
Oh, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Oh, I feel so unclean.
Molly.
Ringworm.
Is that what he said?
Yeah, that's what he said.
We'll put her out there.
Oh, she gives me shbilky's, man.
I can't stand it.
Because you're an anti-submite.
Oh, is that what it is?
Molly Ringwald is Jewish.
Are you kidding me?
Get out of here.
It's like the poster tile for two or three of them.
You think Molly Goldberg.
Right.
Molly Peacon.
Who used to make the delicious Peacon pie?
Oh, I do love Peacon pie, man.
Little.
Uh-huh.
With cream on it.
Little too sweet.
Little dollopo- oh, it is.
It's a- we have to have like a small slice.
Just a real small slice.
With lots of whipped cream on it though.
That's right.
Mmm.
To cut it down.
Yeah, to cut down the- the shoeslin' shock.
Although if you get somebody that makes it right with lots of pecans and not so much of the syrup, then it's perfect.
Then it makes it like that.
No, you got to get it like a-
Because it's a soft homemade version.
It's like-
Seven is like sickeningly sweet.
You know what else then?
And I don't think I've ever had it, nor would I ever be tempted to eat it.
Rubarb pie.
Oh, I've had a Rubarb.
My sister makes a fine Rubarb pie.
Is it good?
Oh, yeah.
If it's done right.
See, in Rubarb.
Rubarb itself is very sour.
So when you make it right, it tastes like a sweet tart.
Like, have you ever had a sweet tart candy?
Sure.
Yeah, it tastes like that.
Mmm.
But it's good.
It's got a tangy flavor.
I feel like one thing.
There just aren't too many foods that they've made that I don't like.
That's the problem.
Yeah.
Yeah, wouldn't it be great if they're like-
We were like, oh, I don't like that.
You know, like, oh, uh, like, I hate that.
Yeah, I hate that.
Oh, God.
I feel like I got a chocolate.
Really?
Oh, chocolate.
I feel like I got a seedy, right?
When you calm down.
Is the food there yet?
No.
Come on, Duff, let's go.
Come on, yeah.
I know John DeBaker's, uh, we hope he gets better real soon.
He had like some kind of a minor operation.
He's fine, but he had like a little deal.
So of course, he's leaving it up at the underlings right now.
No, that must be the deal.
Now, they'll be there.
If they're not there, boy, it's going to be a-
It's going to be scandalous, Duff.
Hey, I'll take it one thing when you're shopping for shoes.
It's scandalous if you're going anywhere beside Brandy's
because you're getting ripped off.
You're certainly not getting the deal.
You're going to get a brandy's and not getting the selection.
And you're certainly not getting the personalized care and treatment that you get at Brandy's.
They treat your feet like gold, man.
They fondle them.
They practically kiss them and your feet too.
And Brandy's professional shoe fitters make sure you get a perfect customized fit every time at the right price of the top brands in the business like Rockport,
Forshon, Echo, Mofisto, New Balance, SAS, all the other top names.
Brandy's even specializing in why what's if you got big ugly fat feet like a platy puss.
Brandy's is worth a trip from just about any place in town so don't forget that unbeatable combination that makes Brandy's heads and shoulders above the rest.
Comfort, style, fit, value and selection is always Brandy's shoes.
And Brandy's he'll find at that same great location.
They've been going strong for about 400 years, 1290, North Federal Highway and Poppano Beach.
Brandy's is open daily till 9 Sunday, still 5 and this week they continue with that new balance deal.
It's a great time to buy a new balance this week at Brandy's because all great men's and women's styles are 10 to 20 bucks extra off.
So save a lot of cash by getting the rest into this week or do your shoe shopping on their website at Brandy's shoes.com.
This is Neil Rogers. This is 5.62 AF.
A factor in the church.
This is a great time to buy a new balance deal.
Brandy's is worth a trip from just about a year to 10.
Brandy's is worth a trip from just about a year to 10.
Brandy's is worth a trip from just about a year to 10.
Brandy's is worth a trip from just about a year to 10.
Brandy's is worth a trip from just about a year to 10.
Brandy's is worth a trip from just about a year to 10.
Brandy's is worth a trip from just about a year to 10.
Brandy's is worth a trip from just about a year to 10.
Brandy's is worth a trip from just about a year to 10.
We're going to see the University in the Broward Boulevard.
or show $100.
Boy, are you sure the transmit has been on this week?
That's $12,105, but that's really weak.
Boy, you folks, I'm telling you, we're not coming through for us at all.
We have a big, you know, and of course you'd expect it on the anniversary day, right?
And a little stuff over for a couple more days.
And after that, that's it.
Pull the plug.
I think my idea I was rambling about yesterday.
I think that might be a good idea.
Just kind of like wander off.
Never do we see it again.
Why are you chucking about?
I got a couple of bucks, right?
I don't need this crap.
My God, 30 years.
I mean, the town that just refuses to cut it loose, man.
Cut the crap.
A hundred bucks.
We've been promoting this thing since 10 o'clock this morning.
It shows up there 15 minutes early.
And that, if we can't raise money at that intersection, then just forget about the whole deal,
which I've tried to tighten the first place, I begged you.
I don't want to get involved.
I don't want to.
I don't want to.
Don't look at me.
I don't want to.
Well, who am I supposed to look at?
Who made this decision?
Management.
Management.
What management?
Nebulous nameless management.
You mean that lady mismanagement?
I'll, I'll, yeah, exactly mismanagement.
Oh, I'll tell you this.
Someone who didn't have to do any work.
Yeah, somebody, yeah, good point.
Excellent point.
Right.
Well said.
Somebody didn't have to get involved in all the machinations of going through.
Somebody who has some work on it.
They put together, talk about it and they're going to have to put together and then they
sit out there and they keep stuff in the air.
Right.
All these things, you know, about good things.
And they just had like walk away, you know.
Right.
Everybody else could hit with a fallout.
We might as well be farting into a tunnel, man, into a wind storm.
Good.
God, 100 bucks in like almost a half an hour.
At that rate, we might do as well as we did on the flagristry yesterday.
Why don't we apologize to all our good friends over there on Southwest Aid Street?
That's right.
They dropped their dominoes just to come over there and buy some things.
And all they can do is go on.
You can just as well as all these other going to do.
You're going to do it.
All three of their teeth to go over there and spend some money and you're just ripping them.
Exactly.
I had a cell a couple of gold teeth.
Or maybe one of them had probably a hot couple of them chains.
Speaking of Iraq, Iran faces consequence.
And nuclear disputes as your vice president.
He's going to go hunting there if they don't cut it out.
Iran will not be allowed to have nuclear weapons and faces meaningful consequences
if it persistently find the international community.
Dick Cheney said today they will face meaningful consequences.
Una bomba baby.
How do you threaten me?
Yes.
Cheney speaking to the pro-Israel lobbying group APAC.
Also, we have heard that the U.S. was keeping all options on the table, including military force.
Not that he was pan-redenied Jews, you understand.
And it's a determination to prevent Iran from developing nuclear arms.
Israel has nuclear weapons.
That's good.
You guys in Iran want nuclear weapons?
That's bad.
The Indians, nuclear weapons were given to whatever they want.
And the exchange for the man goes.
Pakistan wants them.
That's bad.
But we sure as hell want the eye shot and we'll share our after we go up there in the hills and find Osama and Willabula Omar.
And also Bahiri and Al Azarqawi and Al Swartz and Al Goldstein and all these people.
But nevertheless.
WDQA and Hello.
QA and?
Happy Yannah for Syri.
Happy Yannah for Syri.
Happy Yannah.
WDQA and Hello.
Yeah, I knew.
I got one for your poll.
Okay.
Machen Amik from Dreamlover.
I thought it was bad, but I'll take it.
Bunchin?
That's it.
Bunchin, munchin.
What in God's name?
What language do you speak now?
Are you talking in code again?
I have no idea what country she's from, but I know what you're talking about.
Oh, I see.
Look at that phone.
I'm sitting down on the floor I give up.
I have to go in the towel right now.
I surrender.
I'm waving a white flag.
Flank.
Well, the good news is, what's that?
Who's here?
What did I tell you?
What did I tell you?
Any minute that door was open and a food from John and Baker was coming in.
So you can like lick your wounds and relax now.
Sit back and just shovel it down.
Just like Dom Deliwies.
Remember he was throwing this spaghetti sauce there in Fanzo?
Yes, he was.
And it took that little piece of garlic bread.
And he'd give it a little...
Yeah, a little Parmesan cheese on him.
And all of a sudden, all those tears.
And he was crying.
I don't know if the city was like smiling off for Christ's sake.
He was a happy, chubby guy.
W-Q-A-N, hello.
Hey, Neil, Serena Williams for your bowl.
All right.
All right.
Thank you.
You can have her.
W-Q-A-N, hello.
Compare and magnolia to crash.
I'll take the frog over the snow.
W-Q-A-N, hello.
Something new.
Yes sir.
Come on first, both for your bowl today.
Even one that you'll like.
Really?
McColley Falcon.
Bye.
That's more than I would have given him.
Yeah.
I held it a lot more.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60.
They've arrived in and seeing it are wireless lines.
Oh my God.
You Pipples Man are something else.
We've entered a new era now.
In case you haven't noticed it.
We've gone from wherever we were,
which was like on the southern end of purgatory,
right into the jaws of a hill.
What do we got by the way?
I think we did another break didn't we?
Well, how much we got?
We didn't do it on the break yet.
Oh.
Well, we'll be doing one.
We will.
Sooner or later.
I'm going to tell you seriously,
those people ought to be lined up.
Shell Station in the corner of the University of Broward,
Bovar, that is the epicenter of our listening audiences.
That's the center.
Yeah.
There's some Jews there.
There's some Goyam.
There's some Black Mides.
There's some dark folks coming over from Lauderdale.
Coming a little too far west of you asked me,
but nevertheless,
there's all kinds of people out there, man.
And we got 100 bucks and a half an hour.
And that's just, seriously,
you could just shock the crap out of me with some light.
If you had told me that last week,
I'd have said,
boy, you are the most negative to our human being
on the face of the globe.
And I would just have to hang my head and shame
and see you are.
Absolutely correct.
W.C.Y.M. Hello.
Q.A.M. Hello.
I'm a little too far west of you.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
I'm a little too far west of you asked me.
Do you or if you force the soul first,
do you or not do?
We would make new guides.
Come to Stern in Teenï¿½!
Here is the big number from the QAcam fan.
Here is the big number from the QAcam fan.
I want to call you up.
In the good news though while you are filling your fat faces.
Speaking of McCull the Ward and McCull the Ward And McCull the Ward and McCull the Ward independent name mentioned
Sorry.
a minute, milliseconds ago, near moments.
Chobbless Culkin is sulkin.
His child, Star McCulloch,
Culkin says he's struggling to find work as a grown-up
actor that he barely talks to pal Michael Jackson.
Pals.
I don't know what people want from me,
Culkin 25, boohoo's in time magazine.
I'm the most out of work actor I know,
to which we say,
Oh, right, excellent.
The homoloam star's biggest recent role
was in a real life courtroom
when he testified as a character
who was the witness last year for Jacko,
who skated three honors,
child molestation charges,
because in LA they can't convict anybody.
Culkin who still has his parents,
Slim as he didn't his heyday,
as Mia says he's talked only once to Jacks
and since the pop star fled to the Middle East
after his acquittal to Bahrain.
He's a friend that the kind of friend
you talked to twice a year, Culkin said.
With little work in Hollywood,
Culkin has written a semi-autobiographical novel
of junior, which is due to come out
looking at his month.
Oh my God, junior.
Grab my junior, honey.
Wow.
Culkin was dating Stats 70 show actress,
Mila Kunis.
Do you know who that is?
Yes.
What does she look like?
The little Brunette, not the redhead.
So, look at that show.
Look at what's that show?
You watched it long enough to notice
that Fez is a screaming faggot.
Right, and that Aunt Kuchikou is on it.
Who's getting up here?
There you go, who were annoying by the minute.
There are two girls, you saw that part, right?
She's the Brunette.
I didn't pay any attention to her.
I didn't, well, that makes sense.
Well, but is she cute?
Yes.
And she's dating him?
What do you know?
Oh my God, McCauley Salkin admits his sputter
in career in the stream of consciousness,
telling them to look my spark even more whispers about him.
Well, what does that mean?
I've let a very isolated existence,
since I was 60, said it's kind of been me and my mind.
I hope people don't think I'm crazy because,
blah, blah, blah, blah.
I'm not.
Maybe it was all that diddling and betting with Michael.
Maybe that's what affected his mind.
Or something that rhymes with mine like B.
Well, oh, I hear some more good news.
So we don't have no report from Miguel.
We just got 250.
Well, let's start and move up a little bit.
It's not spectacular, but slowly but surely.
Why?
Slowly but surely.
So don't call me surely 230, Pro-1000 to 30.
We'll do a thousand a day.
You don't say?
I think we can.
You got to shot it.
I mean, we've got to be there two o'clock, right?
And then of course Josh is going to do
a real big number tonight at Smokey Vones.
I mean, Bernie Kose, our steakhouse.
Aren't you going to do at least four or five hundred?
Oh, yeah.
What do you say it like that?
What kind of crowd shows up for those deals every week?
You know, no, I don't know that.
If I know would be the silent dining crowd.
Of course, we have a broadcast going on in there.
Right.
Yeah, sports crowd, I would imagine.
What's a nice place?
It was the hurricane crowd.
It was certainly not my people.
Oh, God.
Hate me like poison.
You won't do 40 bucks.
You're the one who want to go back to Smokey Vones again.
Why did you give me into this?
That's all I would like.
Why did I get you into this?
It's stuck into this in the first place.
Has it been easy to drag my heels at heart until they left?
All right.
Oh, my God.
And I told everyone who was approaching me
with the desire to do something.
No, I said, leave me out of it.
If you plan to go down this path, leave me out of it.
I don't need to go through another fabulous exercise.
Thank you very much.
It's a lot of it.
And it's not really interesting listening
for people listening in a hear me begging,
and pleading, and squeezing, and enjoying,
and trying to get somebody to show up
and give us some money, which they just don't care.
It's a cheap-ass place.
It always has been.
It always will be.
And you know, they got us all whipped up
with the phony enthusiast.
And maybe because of that 30th anniversary thing
last week for the last of the couple of days.
And now you see all the way around.
It's like, you know, that's it.
I don't look for us for anymore,
because we shut our deal, and that's it.
Forget about it.
Anyway, here's the other good news
while you're eating.
You just enjoy lunch.
Don't worry about it.
We'll do the best we can,
it's all we can do.
Let's just act as you go.
We'll do the best we can.
You know, I mean, what else is new?
So the calls suck, and all of us,
and they've reduced to a very,
the internet, the website on the other hand,
is going crazy.
So it goes to show you it's the end of the year.
Not everything is gonna be sensational.
Last few days for whatever reason,
the website is going nuts.
Maybe they're all reading a loose change
on their parts one and two, you think?
That could be.
And what's your hope to?
Because they're sure not on their
given money to a band of pet rescue by the surgeons.
That's for damn sure.
That's for dang sure.
Harris circling the wagons consult and says,
send hopeful cancels weekend appearance.
Oh, as you planes, you plane.
Catherine Harris, she's in deep due to, baby.
Something where armpits.
Already tried to avoid the media longboat key,
Republican Catherine Harris is now
cancelling campaign stops in the Southwest Florida
as questions swim.
About her ties to Washington DC Defense
contractor, the center of an ongoing
national bribery scandal.
Harris was running for the US Senate
abruptly canceled the stop in Charlotte County on Saturday,
and for other events planned for Lee and counter counties
were removed from her campaign website.
It's another standard Harris's struggling campaign
is now in full crisis mode.
Oh,
political consultant say that,
she asked that as bad news,
because I love her to be the Republican candidate,
but unfortunately don't look that way.
I mean, she, she, they could be here
without even showing up.
Yep, political consultant say that,
showing away from the public right now
as a bad strategy.
She can't hide and expect us to go away
said David Johnson, a Republican political consultant,
looks like her campaign is circling the wagons branded
based political consultant, Mark Prokter,
that's Brandon where Josh used to live.
Mark Prokter, who's a proctologist,
said he advises class to hold court early with him.
He needed to avoid a story dragging on for week
as it ends with Harris.
Now longer the story goes on,
the more likely it is for voters to remember
the issue come election day, he said.
The company's owner admitted in federal court,
MZM, that he gave $32,000 in legal campaign donations
to Harris, what we had that story of the day.
But there's the good news, okay,
Catherine Harris has fallen on hard times.
And wait till she gets on that plane again.
Look out.
Just like Joyce, you know,
next time you start your car, Joyce,
I'd be real careful.
5670560, pound 56 and even rise
in singular wireless line.
250, my ass, you got 12,230 bucks.
See, with me, it's not one of those things
where I can just like, I ignore it, you know.
But once you get me involved in it,
I try to like get involved.
Try to like get really do a job, you know.
We're doing a job, all right.
WDQA and hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just got out of a meeting.
So if you already heard about this, I apologize.
But a little fire report, you're a nominal.
I'm there.
I get this very nominal competition.
Fit Rosenberg.
I don't know if you already called into the Ron and Fed.
Show you yesterday on XM.
Yeah.
And it was pretty funny.
He was a Denging Ron Bennington for a $5,000 loan.
Dengie had to work for a $575 and a grilled cheese sandwich
down here in Miami.
And basically, promoting his fact that he was stuck down here
and he was begging for a gig on XM.
I have a copy of it as an empty three file if you guys want it.
No, I don't want to get depressed.
Oh, it was just pretty funny.
And Bennington inferred later that he
wasn't going to make the loan because it would wind up,
wind up fit goes.
Let me just put it that way.
It's so embarrassing.
True.
Anyway, so I got to his pal.
All four of City.
He won't be around too long.
Said the kid.
I am sure he realizes what the side of the street he's on.
It's not this side.
That really put them over the top, didn't it?
Oh, yeah.
5.670560.
Tom 560, you know what I'm going to do for no one?
I just go point to this.
It was my bad.
This list was from what the hell was it again?
Asmen.com.
All I had to do and I didn't see that.
I missed that because they only listen.
This story they only list the top 10.
So I use those top 10.
I had a few of my own and you had a couple.
Right.
And that's what we started with.
And then we're letting these people call in with again,
building the pool with stupid ass names.
All I had to do was click the Asmen.com.
They had the top 100.
Ah.
And I could have, you know, Eric and a paste in cut
and the slap and squeeze and you could have done that.
And then we would have had a waste time with this.
Yeah, but then what would the callers call up about?
Oh, there wouldn't be any.
18 to 1 at 5.60WC.
I started to get the drift to where I'm going.
I don't know what things are called.
It's just a whole thing, you know.
Just amazing.
It's South Florida.
I keep forgetting, you know, out of sight, out of mind,
out of touch, like Tom Jekyll would say, out of touch.
And my response, Tom, is touch this.
Hey, y'all know that I'm by now drag concepts.
I've used them for over 21 years in my homes.
They're the best carpet cleaning company in the world.
So before you go out and spend thousands
to replace your carpeting, give drag concepts a call.
You'll be amazed at the way they can bring those carpets back
to life, looking just like brand new.
When they finish doing their fantastic job for you,
they leave your carpets vibrant in color,
soft to the touch, and stain free.
Drag concepts is the only company I would call
the only one you ought to be working with, too.
I'm sure you already know it, but just in case you don't.
Drag concepts also specialize in drapery cleaning,
a poultry cleaning, deep cleaning of your expensive leather furniture
and lots more, and they give you a written guaranteed price
before they start doing the job.
And without a doubt, one of the best things you can do
for an oriental or area rug is to use a quality underlayment.
It's essential for a sense like something religious.
It's essential for extending life and beauty of your area
rugged provides critical cushioning
and prevents skidding and hard floors, too.
During the month of March,
called ride concepts and get 15% in savings
in all underlayment padding.
Drag concepts always professional, always on time.
Carpored cleaning, water damage restoration,
pet-ordered treatments, mattress cleaning, and lots more.
Call the best, trust the best,
drag concepts, column tool free,
and date-broward and the fond beaches, 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071 around the wicked web,
drag-concepts.com.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 560-Q-A-F.
The best is your car.
Yeah, you've seen J. Z.
But from all the grammars, we're palm-academic.
That's right.
And now, the home becomes out of retirement.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
To do it with all the legend.
Oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
You've never heard of beautiful, duet-st-in-d.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
J. Z, duetting with the legend.
Yeah, you want to try it, y'all.
Come on, 47-Q-A-F.
I bet you, here's the big number coming up right now.
Oh, any minute now, I'm sure.
Well, you got a, you know, account for the delay.
So at least, you know, allow 30 seconds.
Well, I thought he was a saison here, and doesn't say it on this one.
All the other ones that always sit on the bottom after every commercial break,
he's going to be calling in with after.
Right.
So maybe he's getting swarmed with piano.
That's it.
Maybe he's so busy selling discs right now.
You're going to have red ants that he doesn't have a chance to call.
Wait, did you hear this?
You know, the Americans ought to be riding.
And what are they worried about?
They're worried about it.
It's hard out there for a pimple.
Back to, oh, now listen, I play it.
I like it.
Oh, yeah.
Next time.
Back to our contractor based in Dubai gets look at a US security contracts from a roster in OLS.
A British security firm had quoted in Dubai has one look at a contract for US security in Iraq
and the United States providing security in the wake of Hurricane Katrina
and training Iraqi port security officers under the coalition-provated authority.
The roster he has founded.
The firm, the olive group, well, I wonder if they're kind of the olive garden.
It's largely comprised of expeditions in intelligence offices.
While a British company, its main headquarters are in Dubai, the United Arab Emirates city that caused a stir
when it was revealed that the Emirates were set to take over control of 21 US ports,
olive was founded in 2001.
The revelation that a Dubai based firm provides security consulting for myriad US operations
at home in abroad shows the increasing tendency of US government to privatize security efforts.
It comes on the same day that the Fuddery port discovered that a Ford company
had a security in Indianapolis airport.
Oh, yeah.
Let's light up the ragheads, handle security at the airport.
The Fuddery port.
How do you like that?
Oh, he's going to get a lashing.
I guarantee you that.
A ton lashing.
Well, it wouldn't be the first one.
$400, by the way.
Well, that's a little, uh-huh.
We got a shot at a thousand.
I don't know what a big splotch, $12,405.
I'd be happy with a thousand, wouldn't you?
Yeah, huh.
I'd be happy with a thousand.
Maybe I'll make that thousand for you tomorrow, would buy.
All right.
Put it in the little envelope and center right on up.
Now, just don't put your loosens in there.
No, I'm going to put- I'm just going to send you an empty envelope and you can reimburse me for my loose.
Yeah.
Oles Consulting in Iraq is underwritten by US taxpayers under an umbrella contract awarded to Vectel.
Oh, my God.
It is one three major contracts from Vectel since the invasion in 2003.
A recent estimate suggests the US spends $2 billion a year on private security services in Iraq.
Oliver scored at least 100 million when the study was published in 2004.
Oliver came under scrutiny in 2003 after it emerged that the co-owner's father, Tony Alam, visited Washington to meet with Vectel.
He visits an envoy of Iraq industry working group in Armaday, British government.
Alam and his son deny in the contracts of what to do to favoritism.
Right.
Right.
Under another US Vectel deal, Oliver provided security and Mississippi for travel trailers and mobile homes in a wake of Katrina.
Ross derives from the firm also provided training for guards who guard Iraq's ports.
The Iraq port authority, IPA, has approximately 130 Iraqis local and occupied security positions at the port,
a 2000 for press release from the coalition professional authority declared.
And Kuzanya Diadi, one A.J.
All your money, man, is being siphoned into the same bunch of crooks, the same bunch of folks who are in bed with bush and chaining and all of these and bush one.
All of these gangsters.
The international land and public is just sitting back.
What about that?
It's good.
Because you know it's hard out there for a pimpe.
Great. A lot of this week is correct.
I noticed right after this beginning, it was the first time we meet.
When I played that, okay.
Yeah, that's about as far as we go.
Yeah, as we passed again. Right from the get-go.
1109 votes on the pool.
We're kicking ass on the pool.
We got 400 out there.
That's not so bad.
Why is Josh getting the sody pressed about that?
I don't know.
Because he just wants to do well all the time.
Is that what it is?
That's exactly what it is.
He has high standards.
Well, in that case, you better come up at least 400 bucks tonight over there at the Bernie Kostar's smoky bone.
Better than me out of the check then.
He already did.
I guess he's checking in through you.
I got it yesterday.
I didn't hear no thank you.
Yeah.
Oh, I thank you.
Jackass.
Well, what did you see?
This one?
You weren't yelling on it.
You were talking at lunch.
It's okay.
That's George.
Damn.
Good.
Well, you're not going to want us to be choking.
He should be gagging.
My God.
The way I take care of people and why do I get in response?
Like that.
You know, and he's going to tell me Dave Ann Boring was great.
Just to rough salt in the wound.
You better not bend your bridges with those guys.
You know, they might want you back.
That's right.
Doubt it.
Especially after all the great food you got them.
Who is the woman you most desire?
You want her?
1109.
Jessica, well, that's Oprah.
Just Jessica, I think we said women.
Jessica, Alba 160.
Halley Berry 143.
Angelina Jolie 131.
Charlize Tarant 104.
How about Ryan Philippe?
Oh, I'm lady.
What woman was that?
I want him.
Scarlett, although what's that?
That's Charm tonight.
It's the supernatural.
Right.
Sam and Dean.
Hmm.
Just save Sam and Dean for this old queen.
Scarlett, you're handsome 97.
None.
I'm a straight female 57.
5.1%.
See that?
You guys just don't realize when we're like kicking serious big fat smelly hairy ass.
God.
5%.
What's the last time we had 5% of this audience women?
If they would just put it down on the Dan Diary, we'd kick some big ass.
You know, you never sent me the person's 2554 from the last grand.
That's where we'd encounter.
Because you can see with a mail number.
I've never got that.
What?
They never gave it to me.
Well, you better start fishing out there, clearance.
I thought we had an understanding.
I go, run it down.
Person's 2554.
Just in our day part.
I don't give a crap about the other.
They don't care about us.
We don't care about them.
Just take the money to the bank.
I can't get in the mad dog.
That's it.
I'm going to get a Curtis.
Straight female 57.
Emily Portman 51.
Even Longoria 44.
No, no, no.
I'm gay 43.
I don't know what one.
No woman.
I hate this pool 43.
Spritney Spiris 39.
Look at that.
She is falling bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, especially since people found out she was doing
at the grotesque redneck that thing.
Oh my God.
I don't think he's even got no thing.
Jessica Ville 37.
Aby Annelimah 27.
Jennifer Conley 21.
If he asked me, she ought to do better than that.
Pamela Anderson 15.
Jenna Jamison 14.
Well, she's had her.
So I'm a high-act 13.
Maria Menunoz has got a dozen.
Sandra Bullock 9.
See to me, Sandra Bullock.
I don't think she's sexy.
She's cute.
But she's a sweetheart.
Yeah, but cute.
She's a lady.
Stand up when she enters the room kind of a lady.
Although she doesn't have a body well in that movie.
Not the kind of lady you've spicked.
You're just going to hop on her bone.
Right.
Pull her hair and spaker.
Right.
Jessica sent me a message.
I'm just going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
Jennifer Killian-Bregis,
just don't say it.
Terry Hatcher 2,
Vida Gatta has got 2.
Gara,
Gabriella Union has got 2.
Tara Banks 2.
Michelle Fiverr has got a pair.
That straight lady who pretended to be straight call before that dyke.
Amory 2.
Janet Jackson 1.
Serena Williams 1.
Jillian Barberies got 1.
That's sad.
Naomi Watson's got 1.
Pam Greer 1.
Eva LaRue 1.
Molly Ringwald and Michelle Rodriguez.
And rightfully so both have got the big.
Wow.
Do I have time to read this editor off from the New York Times Mr. Bush's Asian Root?
A lot of.
Yeah, I do.
All right, short.
Edit trail from today's New York Times.
There's a lot of good a president can do on a president to another country,
negotiate treaties and enhance American security, sure off her shaky alliance,
generate goodwill and important parts of the world.
Unfortunately,
President Bush didn't do any of those good things and it's just complete a visit to Pakistan and India
and may have done some real harm.
These spectacularly misconceived trip may have inflicted serious damage to American goals
in two vital areas, namely mobilizing international diplomacy against the spread of nuclear weapons
and encouraging Pakistan to take more effective action against the Taliban
and al-Qaeda fighters operating from its territory.
The nuclear deal had Mr. Bush concluded with an insurant and sublime state bomb-sized loophole
through the nuclear non-proliferation treaty.
It would have been bad enough on its own and disasterily old time
because it undercut some of the most powerful arguments Washington can make
to try to galvanize international opposition to Iran's nuclear adventurism.
But the most immediate damage was done on Mr. Bush's next stop, Pakistan.
Washington is trying to persuade General Pervert Moussier of the Pakistani military dictator
to defy nationalist and Islamic objections and move more aggressively against Pakistani-based terrorists.
This is no small issue because both Osama Yomama and the Taliban leader Mula Bola Omar
are now believed to operate from Pakistani soil.
But sticking Mr. Moussier for the unwelcome task of explaining to Pakistanis
why his friend and ally Mr. Bush had granted favorable nuclear terms to Pakistan's arch-rival India,
while withholding them from Pakistan left him less likely to do Washington any special and politically unpopular
favors on the terrorism front.
It's just baffling why Mr. Bush traveled halfway around the world to stand right next to one of his most important allies
against terrorists and embarrass him.
Indian Pakistan are military rivals that affloty each other repeatedly, they hit each other like poison.
They both developed nuclear weapons outside the non-proliferation treaty which both refused to sign.
When India exploded its first acknowledged nuclear weapon eight years ago,
Pakistan federal bodies to follow suit within weeks.
So when Mr. Bush agreed to carve out an exception to global non-proliferation rules for India,
it should have been obvious that Pakistani opinion would demand the same privilege treatment
and that Mr. Moussier would be embarrassed by Mr. Bush's explicit refusal to provide it.
Most of Bush was right to say no to Pakistan would be unthinkably bad idea to grant
a loophole to a country whose top nuclear scientist helped transfer nuclear technology leading rogue states,
granting India loophole that damages a vital treaty and lets New Delhi accelerate
production of nuclear bombs makes no sense either.
Mr. Bush should have just stayed home but you know something,
then we never would have had those mangoes.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.59 A.M.
No, this is on.
This is not a tumor. It's the one to two hour.
What?
D?
Can't even say when she found the loose bottom of his jolti
was she upset at crying when she cried like a benson
and she smiled but she can't let the friends look and bury their
face she can't even see me,
this you call her restaurant BB,
she mad as a friend for becoming a mosaic or secretly she glad that he smiled
now that the news is out it's time to scream and shout that she's happy
now that she has been spawned
will she fall here and now that she'll get even so proud
will she finally say Angelina is a man stealing cow
will she sing about their dreams,
sitting down with Larry's keys,
will she say that Brad was thinking and it's time he leaves the movie
he likes it, blood war, jealous brother,
so so happy they both were.
I told him,
from wrecking what changed the world.
Life was a fairy tale now her house is not
fail, she got the quiche from the switch
they were Larry's in a ditch,
like the fish from that quiche from her band.
Here's the facts and rightfully so it comes in for Aniston's on the pool,
huh? Is she chopped liver or something?
For Jennifer Aniston, come on get her on there right away,
somebody wants a gin, they want her on there.
Oh I'm the CNN just discovered that very bonds,
there's a new book coming out,
author's leds that bonds you steroids for at least five seasons,
there's your hero Josh,
your hero who claims he was just schmurred it.
Nobody said he just schmurred it,
that's why he kept creaming the ball.
I'm sure he was, he was schmurred and that creamy to want to say where.
Let go. Yeah.
Steroids.
Oh here's your girlfriend.
Cora Phillips,
well I tell you one thing,
I'd like to get her old baseball bat with a rusty nail.
Called for the restarting of cycles when he felt his energy and power start to drop.
If Aniston, his trainer told bonds,
he was not due for another cycle,
the authors write bones or bonds rather.
Bone, bone, bone,
and say season,
medicine, bones.
It sounds like very bones.
So what we're reading and seeing,
this was a hardcore addiction.
That's true.
I mean according to the,
the reporting by the author.
There's time for a duty.
He's going to give it to the duty of sports illustrated.
The author's name at least ten different substances that bond says used.
And as you mentioned,
in varying degrees and varying form,
some he injected himself according to the author,
some injected by his trainer according to the author's.
Oh my gosh.
Some until form,
liquid form and lotion form,
cream form.
Aha.
Did you hear that?
In lotion form.
That's where he's been waiting to hear.
That's the important part very.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Right.
The important thing is we got five bills.
Oh, here you go.
See?
So in other words, we're halfway home.
We need another 500 by a couple of blocks.
We got another hour to go.
And of course now we got some momentum.
We got 12,505.
I want to at least get to 13,000 by two o'clock
because then unreasonable expectation of course on.
It is?
I thought you said 1,000 earlier.
No, I'm not talking about it for the total.
Oh, the total.
Sorry.
The total.
That says another 495 bucks.
Oh, we can do that.
Let's see.
Here's the facts from Russ who is so chronic.
Let's see.
Where are all the gorgeous Russian athletes?
He's got a point.
Surprise the Anacornal Horde is not on.
And let's get her on there.
Right away.
Look, they're not on there because nobody's calling in and saying.
Russ, that's what you're there for.
And we haven't had enough calls here to fill a tea cup with, okay?
God.
Also, Maria Sharapova, come on.
I saw her the other day for about four seconds.
She's me.
Why?
He says.
She's no eddab but I'll take her.
Maria Sharapova, that's the one he wants the most.
Russ, okay, even he ever put her on there.
Maria, Anacornal Horde and Maria Sharapova.
Now.
Now if we can have lesbians.
I mean, Frederick Merrilland, Hood College is reviewing its homecoming rules after a lesbian
was crowned king, a college official said.
Oh my God.
This is kind of like a...
That was special.
That was special.
I thought we had like an echo on the bird.
Like a baby seaging or something.
Oh, we had birds all of a sudden?
Nice.
Hermboscarander said, and it's...
It's huge.
That was fantastic.
I mean, that was simultaneous whatever.
Great, thanks.
A moment.
Well, this is a twist on the usual thing where the guys want to be the homecoming queen,
right?
And I've known plenty of those.
But this is the other way around.
Jennifer Jones, the 21-year-old senior who beat out three men for the honor of a...
a...
a king, a crown king, said the crowning was a positive step for the private liberal arts college.
Hood College.
And she didn't even live in the hood.
It is cool that Hood allows people to beat themselves.
Jones told the Frederick News post, Frederick Merrilland.
If people don't want me to be king, they wouldn't have nominated me and voted for me.
And then she'll tell you.
They got a clip on here on CNN.
Why it's good to be the king.
You know what I'm saying?
Uh-huh.
Not that king.
Oh.
Jones of Newark, Delaware received 64 out of 169 votes cast for King last month.
More than two weeks after Jones was crowned, criticism and praise were still ripping through
the 2100 student campus in Western Maryland.
She's not a man, said, singleton Newman, a 22-year-old senior who was nominated for Queen.
It's a gender issue and she's a woman.
Sorry.
Yes.
Santo Provenzano.
I wonder if he's came to Pat Provenzano from Paparo from Batavia Downs.
Santo Provenzano 21, who competed for the king, said Jones selection made the event seem like a joke.
If this courage is guys for mind to take part in the future, he said.
Donald Miller, Hood student activities director said all homecoming events will be reviewed and possibly changed.
We look at what students want Hood's homecoming to be, he said.
As long as the second annual homecoming for the school men started attending Hood in 71 but the school didn't become fully coed until 2003.
But then we're first permitted to live on campus for the first time.
Jones tried to run for homecoming prints last year but a student committee wouldn't let her on a ballot even though she had gathered the required number of signatures on nominee petitions.
Miller said a rule changes year boss to petitions and required the candidates being nominated by student ballots.
While guarantee that Jennifer is more manly than most of those wimpy guys on that campus, when you think I'm sure a manly.
She's not a member of the heterosexual persuasion, a masculine child.
Anyway, we got so we have 500.
Yes, pretty disappointing when you come right down to it.
I'm just naive. I'm just stupid. That's my problem. Just like Moe used to say stupid.
You, me, Josh, we're all stupid.
But a lot of us. WNQYM. Hello.
I'm good. Neil. Yes, sir. I did. I just met her in my radio down.
Congratulations on 30 years. I don't know.
Great. Great. I love you, man.
I guess you probably know that Dick was in town yesterday.
Yes. And they shut down 95 and all the access to not.
Yeah, keep it on and off.
Did they ever done that before? Do you know?
They do it all the time. They do when used to come in, when Bush comes in,
come on. Do they do that all the time?
Why is he asking me something like that?
When anybody in port, like when Alfredi Newman, I mean Bush Jr. comes in.
Anybody? When your fat ass governor comes in?
I don't know if they do it for him. Do they?
I don't know what they do. I don't want to know what they do.
I think he had a rollout of the barrel. I think he ought to go over and I recall fall's in it.
Rollout of the barrel for fat ass jab. A real gangster and crook of the air.
He never was one with that dysfunctional family.
How about that story, by the way, about Neil Bush getting funding for that school scam program he's got going from the UAE,
from the UEA.
GM, so surprised.
Yeah.
What a revelation, huh? Even in the Bible or any of the revelations like that,
birds of a feather are crifts together make no mistake about it.
And of course, this is a $7 billion deal in messing with.
So one day your president didn't know anything about it.
And then the next day he's threatening to veto if anybody tries to block it.
How do you mess it up? Oh, my God.
He sure is a quick, uh, uh, uh, quick learn, rainy. He's a quick study.
My God.
Look at that lung cancer kills more women than breast cancer,
and poor Dana reaching ever even smoked.
She was not a smoker.
I bet you said second hand smoke.
And what I told you about her, as well as you casino and agro falls.
Oh, yeah.
Love that place. But man, I can't wait to leave. Stop.
They stopped to smoke in there. Oh, brother.
All you faggot smokers out there.
Why do you have to keep blowing the smoke in everybody else's face?
And not only that, but they when they're just holding it,
when they're not talking and the cigarette too.
Oh, yeah. They always leave it at that angle.
You know, so they and they watch they watch their father,
they're watching just to make sure that smoke is wafting up right in your face.
Right in your eye.
Yeah, your eyes are burning, man. It's burning.
You're tearing up.
Anyway, that's probably because you lose in your ass.
The woman you most desire, we got a real, we got a horse race going.
I think it might even be a four way, which I'm sure you'd like to see that.
1159 votes. Jessica Alva, 165.
Howley, Berry, 148. Angelina, Jolie, 144.
Charlize, they're all 109. Who wouldn't want to see that?
Scarlett Johansson, 97. He's starting to make her move.
None. I'm a straight female, 58.
5% even. That is, that's a blessing.
A blessing. Natalie Portman, 51.
None. I'm gay, 46.9.
Evil Angoria, 45.
I hate this poll, 44. Brittany Spears, 40.
Now, there's not interest in you that the game meals only 2.9% of this audience.
Well, like I said, when you take those polls before, they come up to about 10% or more.
But I think that instead of choosing that option, they're actually voting for something.
No, no. The question is, what woman do you most desire?
Game meals, desire these women? Get out of here.
We're not asking who's the most beautiful.
Then I can understand that. Who desire?
Who do you want to get it on with, baby?
Who do you want to wake up in the morning next to a sniffing?
We desire.
Yeah.
Anyway.
I hate this poll, it's got 44.
Wait, at least somebody out here, even on Goria, 45.
I hate this poll, 44. Brittany Spears, 40.
40 guys still, they would still overlook all the other crap.
Jessica, 038.
Adriana Lima, throw it. Just give her a good shower.
Oh, and I noticed that dial is now advertising the new men's body wash that's like real manly and yoddy, yoddy, yoddy.
I'm trying to get to the crowd of you pansies out there who still are too insecure to let nobody uses soap no more.
Don't you get it? Nobody uses soap unless they want to drop it.
Jessica, 038.
Adriana Lima, 027.
Jennifer Conelli, 024. Pamela Anderson, 015.
Selma Hayek, 014.
Jennifer Jamison, 014.
Now that's shocking.
Oh, and maybe the reason they don't want her is because they feel she's well used, well worn.
I say the least.
Yeah. Jessica Simpson, 12, Maria Menuno's 12, Sandra Bullock, poor Sandra.
She fell down downstairs.
Oh, and by the way, if I can just say that, why is this the call before the play was very clever?
I never said that I like crashing as much as Magnolia.
I said it was reminiscent the story and the style of the way the movie was done.
It was reminiscent of Magnolia. I never said it was as good as Magnolia.
I liked it as much as Magnolia, which I don't.
Magnolia is like a classic. It's a masterpiece.
Crash is very good, but I don't put in that category.
You do obviously.
Yeah, I don't say that.
I think it's the masterpiece.
Oh, and Magnolia.
Well, it is.
Huh?
I'll just short.
Sorry.
I think it's all about two frogs short.
Okay, yeah. We need more frogs.
Paris Hilton 9.
She's having a Sandra Bullock.
I mean, yeah, that's pretty sad.
Sandra ought to be peered about that.
CNML or 8, Shakira 7.
I keep forgetting to play my Shakira stuff.
Vita Gatton has got 5, Jennifer Tully 4, Tyra Banks 4.
Gizelle Buncin has got 4.
Terry Hatcher 3.
Who else? Pam Greer 3, Gibra Union 2.
Michelle Fifre 2, Amory 2.
I thought that's something that you had that motor oil.
What we said that'd be an Emily.
Janet Jackson wants to be the Williams 1, Jillian Barbury 1.
Naomi Watts 1, Eva LaRue 1, and Nunfram Rhea Sharapova.
We just put her on her.
Anna Cornelhoidja, Jennifer Aniston, Molly Ringwald,
and Michelle Rodriguez.
Molly Ringwald had to be a joke.
Didn't it?
Yeah, I was sure.
She's a ringworm?
No.
Or it's the very least ring around the column.
She's just a ginger.
I see.
Who am I thinking of?
That's married to, not Patrick Swasey, Kurt Russell.
What about him?
Who's married to Kurt Russell?
Goldie Han.
Goldie Han, that's one thing.
I'm not saying that guys want Goldie Han.
I'm sorry.
She's a little longer in the tooth.
Take her over her daughter though.
Who's your daughter?
Kate Hudson.
Oh, are you picking on four Kate Hudson?
Yes, yes.
No, forever.
Come on.
How about Kate Moss?
Okay.
You can see her no more.
Kate Hudson, man.
She's a member of the clan now, Kate Hudson.
She's a member of the group.
She's in.
She's been initiated.
I don't think the way that some people are thinking,
but she's been initiated.
Well, that's too bad.
113 at 560 W.Q.A.M.
You're fair.
Beach Ford is gone mad.
It's madness and margin.
It's going on right now and all during the month of March at Beach Ford.
They just missed having a record month last month so they planned a break that record this month.
Right now, extended to camp Ford 115, there was lower 249 bucks a month,
with just 995 bucks down plus fees with a pro-credit and 39 month lease.
Madness and margin at Beach Ford means you must be mad.
You must be a crazy person if you don't take advantage of rebates and discounts of up to $10,000
on all new and used vehicles.
If you're not on the market for a new car, but know somebody who is, send them into Beach Ford.
If they take delivery and March Beach Ford will send you 200 bucks in cash,
that money comes from their advertising budget, so they're not going to jack up your friends price to get the 200 bucks back.
Don't miss out on this once you event Beach Ford and madness and margin going on right as I speak.
Extended camp Ford 150 is lower just 249 bucks a month,
discounts and rebates up to 10 grand and 200 bucks in cash just for referring your friend, said him on buy.
So hurry in Beach Ford is two miles east of the Golden Glades on 160 third street west,
60 highway.
Guaranteed, I'll bet your life on it.
You'll love your Beach Ford experience.
This is Neil Rogers.
This is 5.69 A.M.
Where is Natalie?
Kidnaf, Drown, Murder.
Tonight is the very first time you're hearing an in-depth account from the main suspect.
You're on Vanderslow's.
You were the last person to be with Natalie.
And yes, it doesn't put you in a good position.
Maybe it always stay to go to the police and tell them exactly what happened.
Are you ready to tell the truth?
Yeah, something happens to her.
Did you harm Natalie Holloway?
Yes.
A lot.
Did you kill Natalie Holloway?
Yes, I did it.
Natalie is gone.
Why would you do that?
A sexual predator and a f***ing skull.
Wait, blind time.
Continue.
Do you remember the last time you saw her?
Yeah, the last time I saw her, she was swimming with sharks.
Next.
What I think, so I guess her clearance came running in here with these midday,
at 10 to 3, 5, 5.
That's the man he brought him right over.
Thanks, Clarence.
And you see even though this is a precipitous drop,
which we knew that QM got screwed all around,
just like all the other no-speakening glades that are stations,
if reading out as bad as you think.
No, explain how.
Because that 2, 7, you double it and you subtract maybe 2, 3, 10s of a point,
I've got like a 5 something.
Carry the 1.
Carry the 1 and it's not so bad.
It's not so bad.
It could be worse.
Not much, but it could be a little bit worse.
Okay.
California, now here's something that everybody's going to sit up,
something that the whole audience can sink their teeth into.
California Supreme Court rules on oral sex.
Oh my God.
Wait.
California just says,
overturned state law requiring adults 21 years or older
who are convicted of having oral sex with 16 and 17 year olds
to automatically register as a sex offender for life.
They overturned that law.
The California Supreme Court ruling, 6 to 1,
said the law first adopted in 1947, was unconstitutional.
The majority said the law was too harsh around fear
because adults 21 or older who are convicted of having sex
with minors ages 16 and 17 are not automatically required
to register as sex offenders.
Justice has pointed out that lawmakers declined to treat both categories
of offenders equally three times in last 10 years.
The court noted that because the law did not treat the two categories
as sex offenders similarly, the law violated both state and federal
equal protection rights.
Mandatory lifetime registration of all persons who liked defendant here
were convicted of voluntary oral copulation with a minor of these
as 16 or 17, but not of someone convicted of voluntary sexual intercourse
were the minor of the same age, violates equal protection clause
of the federal and state constitutions, justice,
joists, can't endure for the majority, joists.
That's the joists we need, not the joists we got.
And also have sexual activity with children under 16
are required to register.
The state maintains a public database with personal information
registered sex offenders.
The justice is however left in tank of provision granting trial judges
to discretion to demand registration for both categories of adult sex offenders
those that have oral sex or intercourse with minor of age of 16 and 17.
How you like that?
I wonder if that oral argument's on that.
How we do not there by the way, 600.
Now we're plugging along, plugging along 12,605.
We need number 395 and 40 minutes.
It's unlikely I guess the way it's going, huh?
Like we're doing about 100 bucks every 10 minutes.
Maybe we'll get a big, that would do it, huh?
Right, maybe we're going to be expert all it was.
I doubt it.
I just don't think so.
I don't have that feeling.
Let's see.
Monica Balucci, Bruce's, I would wake up, oh, I would sell both nuts to wake up with her next to me on her.
Oh, there you go, Bruce.
Monica Balucci, you got it?
I got it.
He's great.
He's great.
He's relatively QM van right now from now until two o'clock, another 38 minutes.
At the corner of university driving power both are one of the really busy intersections
in the Broward County, one of the hubs of our audience in the South Florida.
And so far we've got what, 600?
Yeah.
Well, that's not like terrible.
I mean, what you say, like you're going to commit suicide or something over it.
Not me.
You think that's really bad?
No, I think that's okay.
We had a slow start.
I have no idea why, and that's why Miguel got there earlier.
Assuming they'd be lined up for miles for those about 30...
About 30 minutes?
Yeah, these are the collectors at home.
Maybe we'll be somebody who can have somebody, you know, sell them on eBay.
That's right.
Or not.
And then of course the teacher, it's my God.
Fantastic what those will come in useful for.
Kar Shanti.
Right.
Hanky.
Rekto, Doily.
5-6-7-05-60.
Schmottel.
Schmottel.
The five-system, they've arrived in a singular wireless line.
Turban.
That would be good.
Actually, it's been Schmottel for you.
Right.
Because the world, as you know, is the world is all about headgear.
It's the battle of the headgear, man.
Somebody QA in, hello.
Daniel, how you doing today?
Okay.
Is one owner-writer on the pole?
Not yet.
Okay.
Well, if you could put her on, I would think...
Want a writer?
Yeah, definitely.
Now, one more question.
Does anybody know what to do with Russell Crowe?
It's not nominated for best picture this year.
I thought it was great.
Send a relevant man with Russell Crowe.
Maybe they're tired of him already.
I guess so, but it was a great movie I saw twice.
Really?
That's an excellent movie.
Best movie of the year, by far.
Okay, thanks.
Now, you think that's a send a relevant man with Russell Crowe's
the best movie of 2005?
Did you see it?
I did not.
I did.
And it's good.
Not the best movie to you.
I don't think it's better than Crash.
Oh, God.
How could it be better than Crash?
Now, some of you clowns out there, you're going to go out
and you're going to get the Crash.
Or you're just going to Crash.
And then you're going to say to us, oh, well, you guys were
raven about it so much and I thought it sucked.
Well, I had that said, wrecked we in for a dream.
We had people say that.
Look, if you don't think Crash is a good movie,
then we don't want to know from you.
And you did a very good point.
It's the same with anybody who thinks network wasn't good.
Yeah.
Cut a punk.
Yeah.
I'm a mad at hell.
But I don't think I think that's any more.
Listen to me.
Television is not the truth.
So turn off your television sets.
Turn them off.
Right in the middle of the shit.
They showed that type of a mad at hell.
They showed that during the movie.
Yeah.
They showed that during the montage.
Yeah.
And every time I see it, it's just electrifying.
I don't know how anybody could fall asleep during that movie.
I think it really broke.
I'm sure it's possible.
Maybe he was toasted.
Yeah, it's probably likely.
I mean, what night was it?
No, I definitely wasn't.
You were not, huh?
Soba Rez can do it.
Maybe it should have been.
Maybe we may try it next time.
Arbitrarian detention fueling dire situation in Iraq
to an embassy in the national dire, D-I-R-E, dire.
Tens of thousands of people have been held arbitrarily in Iraq
since the start of the U.S.-led invasion in March 2003,
creating a situation that is right for abuse
and the internationalist said.
And I bet it smells pretty right in there, too.
Most of those held were neither charged nor faced trial,
had no basic rights to counter their detention.
The London-based human rights group said it
wants to report beyond...
Abougar rape detention and torture in Iraq.
Nearly three years after the U.S. and Allied forces invaded Iraq
and toppled the government of Saudi Musaim,
the human rights situation in the country brains dire, it said.
They're in dire straits.
The deployment of U.S.-led forces in Iraq
and the armed response that endangered, that engendered,
has resulted in thousands of deaths and civilians
and widespread abuses amid the ongoing conflict.
The report details what Amnesty calls human rights violation
for which the U.S.-led multinational forces
directly be responsible, as well as those
increasingly committed by Iraqi security forces.
You notice there are security forces around the control.
You notice that? Yes, I did.
For a while, though.
The record of those forces, including U.S. forces
and their UK allies, is an unpalatable one, they note.
An unpalatable one, unlike your delicious lunch from John the Baker,
it is unpalatable.
Let me say it again, unpalatable.
It added, since the invasion of Iraq and Mara,
that's like guys that are finger painting.
You want to know why? Because they got no palette.
Oh, that's bad.
Would you rather have no palette or a cleft palette?
Okay, no palette.
It added, since the invasion of Iraq and March 2003,
tens of thousands of people have been detained by,
who was the other one if they were?
It was Marlon Brando, Mr. Lawrence Olivier.
The other guy that was considered for rather Godfather.
Oh, I know it would not be Harrison Ford.
It's too long ago.
Who knew how it would have?
I don't know.
Somebody very well known.
Somebody famous.
Somebody who called.
And then Marlon put the finger cheek off, brother.
That was pretty fascinating.
I had taped that earlier, and there was nothing else on.
And I saw the Panthers lose.
I saw Philly give a point away to Montreal last night.
You know, I was suicidal about that.
So I watched the Brando biography.
I bet you, nobody in this audience realized,
how many years have I told you that he, his first,
how do I say it, is roommate when he went to acting school in New York
and he, oh man, was Wally Cox, Mr. Peepers?
Well, you covered that.
And like they said, and there was a very unlikely duo,
but they were pretty tight, pretty tight, those two.
And when Wally died, Marlon Brando went to court
to fight Wally Cox's mother to get Wally's ashes.
And she finally gave up the fight,
because she had assumed that based on his behavior,
he needed them more than she did.
He was like psychotic about it.
They'd be wanting to rub them off.
When he croaked, he had their ashes spilled together.
Huh.
Yeah.
Which is very much when we were just talking about
the Edgar Hoover yesterday, and we were.
And they were interesting.
Tulson, what does his name, Clyde?
Clyde.
And when he died, they, now they weren't cremated.
They were like buried side by each, right next to each other.
We were close.
I thought they were buried above each other.
Yeah, but the question is, who was on top?
This is the U Roger.
This is 5.15 Q.A.M.
For the fact ship station.
This weekend on Access Hollywood.
George Michael, you were busted over the weekend
for drug possession, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
What kind of shape were you in?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And what kind of drugs?
The cops wanted to bring you down to the station.
What did you say to them?
So, innocence or guilty?
Anything else you want to say?
Uh, no thanks.
I don't swing that way.
Thanks for the interview.
Gotta go.
That's this weekend on Access Hollywood.
Thanks, Pat.
By the way, have another one.
Bottom's up.
132.Q.M. We got votes then.
We're 1218 votes.
And out there at the van, we got a big number.
It's in cubby.
It's incoming.
Now what we have on the last one, 600?
600, yeah.
600.
Well, we better be up to seven now.
We're not going to make that 4,000 today.
The phone ringing yet?
No.
Well, he's really busy.
Maybe they're like backed up all the way up to Nurendra.
Let's pretend.
Down to Nurendra.
Maybe they're backed up to Gools.
Yani faces domestic battery chart.
Oh, and I extrapolated between 10 and 2 in men 2554
about a 6-3 in January.
That's pretty good.
That's so bad.
Is it?
It's in the right direction.
Well, no, that's the end again.
Keep in mind, it's 10 to 2.
Right.
That's just my extrapolation.
It could be like between a 6.
It's probably around a 6 and probably more.
Yeah, like 680.
We got...
Oh, 680 on the dial.
So we got 680s, so that's almost another 100.
So we got a shot.
We got a half an hour to do 320.
So 320, we get this right to 13 grand, man.
That would be nice.
Looking at the word team.
Whenever you're nice.
That'd be sweet.
He he.
Huh?
12,680.
You don't think we can do it, do you?
No.
Either one of you.
No.
You don't?
No.
Shell gas station.
Okay, here's the deal.
Okay, and my whole reputation and career act to 30 years in a market is on the line.
Because these two naysayers don't think that I can do it.
You didn't think I could do it the other day either whatever we were shooting for.
Remember that?
Right.
Pass you like we're standing still.
We got 12,680 leaves 320.
That's like 16 deals.
Even body halls impressed.
What that was the guy's name, Jay, whatever's name was.
Jay something or other.
He used to bring bring all those prizes up on his little stands.
Remember he used to shrug him.
Jay, what a glasses.
Jay Stewart.
Okay.
God, what a memory for crap.
Good Canadian boy, Marty Hall, man.
Good Jewish Canadian boy, given, Zillions of dollars to charity.
He's about 400 years old now.
You know who was gone after Don Mast, Croke the other?
They've had on a lot.
I give up.
Speaking of that movie, Toucher Clans.
Andy Griffith.
Oh, okay.
He's all over the place and here we thought he was dead.
At least I did.
I was sure he was dead.
The Yani faces domestic battery charge after allegedly slapping his girlfriend.
I like that.
Easy listening music star Yani's.
But the night in jail, last week after being accused of slapping his girlfriend during a dispute
as at his Menala Pan Home.
Yani 51, whose legal name is John Yani Christopher.
Oh, I love the associated name.
Right.
It's music to slap her bitch by.
Yeah, there you go.
Slapper around, Yani.
Struck the woman after we tore her to leave his beachfront home and she was gathering her belongings on Thursday night.
The woman's silver barf is 33 of Miami Beach, had a mark on her face and accused him of grabbing her arms and throwing her on a bed.
The grease-borne keyboardist and composer faces a misdermeter domestic battery charge.
His West Palm Beach-based attorney Orlando Gonzalez denied Barthas' allegation.
He called Yani a non-violent man who would never hurt anybody.
He's the most gentle man around.
He said, his hands are his instruments.
Right.
That's what the Boston Strayer said, too.
They were heading home to his house from dinner at his house.
She was getting her things when he stood what she claimed.
He grabbed her clothing off the hangers and the closet, threw them on the ground.
Yani then gripped and shook her by the forearm, threw on her bed and jumped on top of her.
During the confrontation, he slapped her in the face.
Police confirmed that Barthas had a swollen and bloody lip.
She had a crying medical treatment that could be beat by a phone yesterday.
Yani explained to police that she kicked him.
Even though it sounds like a hissypid to me, you know?
Yeah.
Parents can relate to it. It sounds like a hissypid.
You know, Yani is a self-taught pianist.
I beg your pardon.
He taught himself.
Speaking of body parts,
Arcadia, California, this is...
This is...
Even for me, this is kind of sick.
But it's a true story.
A 16-year-olds prosthetic legs, a 16-year-old girl's prosthetic legs
which were stolen twice in November, have been quietly returned, police said.
Huh.
Would you make noise if you were now?
Had the perpetrator.
Melissa Huff's mother found the legs in her unlock car,
which she had parked at Arcadia High School on Wednesday afternoon.
Nobody was seen in her around the car.
Arcadia Police Lieutenant Kent Harper said there were no witnesses.
We lifted some fingerprints to see if there's any match.
Huff's right leg was amputated below the knee after she was struck by a car two years ago.
The first half happened in November 1st when somebody cut a hole in a window screen
and Huff's home in Stolei,
$12,000 cosmetic leg.
God, that's a lot to pay for a leg, isn't it?
Sure is.
All the food doctorate and curberdolies donated money for a new $16,000 sports leg,
which he uses to play softball on the Arcadia High Team,
a sports leg, a cosmetic leg.
You see them.
And I have the feeling that we're on our last legs.
The stolen leg was tossed in the family's backyard in January.
But on Valentine's Day, somebody stole both legs.
After prime open screen window,
she'd been unable to wear either prosthetic at the time because of her surgery.
The legs were returned Wednesday, but had graffiti on them.
She was scheduled to pick up another new leg this Friday when the community rallied to buy for her.
She said she and her family believed the thief knows her.
It doesn't bother me.
She said I'm not scared of them.
Arcadia is about 24 miles east of LA. Arcadia.
Let's see. Arcadia is where... isn't Santa Anita's in Arcadia.
I believe is it not?
You wouldn't know that.
I wouldn't know.
Of course, no.
Yeah, I think... let's see.
Hollywood Park is in England, I believe.
California and the Santa Anita is in Arcadia.
I think.
What do I know?
It's been a long time since I've been out there.
I'm not going there, no more.
You know what I'm thinking to go on again?
I give up.
Hawaii.
Oh, Hawaii.
I give up there.
It's been a long, long time.
And of course, it's a long, schlepy.
You know what a really good trip like next summer, not this year, but maybe next summer with me?
Think about this.
Bring it back to Maui.
Hawaii.
Toronto to Vegas for a day or two, and then over to Hawaii for about four days, and then
back to Vegas for a day two, and then back here.
Okay.
So you were never going to Vegas again.
Yeah, but don't you understand?
It's convenient.
It's convenient.
I wouldn't go there again just by itself.
In other words, just to make a special trip to Gretaire.
Sure.
But it's a way of breaking up that very... because it's... I don't know, it's like about 10, 11 hours of flying to Honolulu.
You ever been to Hawaii?
No.
Try?
No.
Why did you say it like that?
It would cost money, and you know neither one of us has it.
I mean, what kind of family did you have?
They didn't take you anywhere, like, special.
I mean, you were a cop.
I've been a lot of places.
Didn't you live in California once upon a time?
I did.
Well, I've lived all over the place in this country.
Well, Honolulu.
Well, yeah, technically.
Ah-ha!
Ah-ha!
Ah-ha!
Yeah, yeah.
There you go, whatever.
In this country.
You see, that's the way you look at it, like it's some kind of a foreign country.
It's because they got all those fat sumo d'as, wrestlers there.
Now, I'm telling you, it's it.
Oh, man.
The Pacific Ocean is so beautiful.
The Atlantic is schmutz, man.
It's just like, oh, dirty and...
Ah!
And cold.
The Pacific is warm and clean and pristine.
And you want to know why?
Why?
Because why is, like, there's not much else out there.
You know, the Pacific is a huge ocean in there.
How much in it?
As opposed to the Atlantic, at least our part, but you've got the Florida, and the Caribbean,
all those islands, all those turds being drifted all over the Caribbean.
Oh, my God.
Like the Cameniah.
My LA experience, I didn't see much of a clean ocean.
But that was a long time ago.
I'm talking to LA.
You've got 20 million people polluting that.
I'm talking about the ocean, man.
And smelt it.
Oh, yeah.
I felt it and smelt it and melted.
And that drought, although I will say, to drive up the West Coast Highway.
Do you guys either one do that?
No, like two.
You never did that?
No.
Like, first castle.
You never saw that and drove up to Carmel and saw Tony's Wood and Jessica Walter there in the room.
Huh?
Josh?
Over now.
Oh, boy.
Now, that's the only reason I'd go back to California is to drive up that West Coast Highway.
And maybe go to Sacramento.
I love Sacramento.
Go to the racetrack there.
Hmm.
Watch Rick Kebler and the Alves driving all around the track.
How many votes do we got?
We got 1232.
I'm going to the dentist tomorrow.
By the way, Georgia is going to be on.
So if you hate me, be sure to enroll for hours.
But he ain't on all four hours.
It's only until 1250 because we got the Marlin.
That's right.
It's short.
Not short of luck.
But it won't be as painful as if you had.
And if you, whatever, we don't really care what you hate.
We're just doing the best we can.
I'm going to be proud of that.
I'll get you a call away.
Jessica Alba's got 171.
The woman you most desire, Halle Berry 150.
Angelina Jolie 135 and Charlize Tharollin 117.
And your lady, Scarlett Johansson, is a bubble and under.
She's got 99.
She's a bubble girl.
A bubble and an up.
She's a Neil Rogers.
This is 5'62 A.M.
Roger.
Hi.
This is Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger with another California report.
This week, I have been traveling all across California to let people know about Mr. Digiq Growth Plan.
Too many people.
Well, this is a huge problem all around our state.
My plan will reduce quality of life for everyone in our state.
Traffic is a huge part of my strategic growth plan.
That's why in the coming weeks and months, pollution will be increasing.
My plan will reduce roads, overpasses, bridges, and we can do it in a responsible way, raising
taxes.
My plan chokes the air with pollution and slows down the economy.
And this is so important for California because it will help us reduce our population
for nearly 20% over the next 10 years.
Thank you very much for listening.
Okay, thank you.
145 of you and we got both standing by.
Two mad dogs is not here today.
So we got Curtis from Forty-seven and then Hurricane and stuff.
And overgets Spina Hurricane and stuff.
Josh Curtis will be at the Smoky bones, Barry Bones.
Bernie Krosser, our state house, 59.67 US, Registria, just to the West West, US, US, one,
with the Investing Neal stuff.
The above third man.
The Indian Seashoot.
All the Ben Hood and Ben in Pat Rescue.
If he don't raise at least 500 bucks there tonight, don't come back.
All right, see you.
And right now, well, how low do we got now?
We got 760.
Okay, so that's 12,765.
Means we need 235 bucks more in 15 minutes.
Can we do it?
We're getting right on the edge of it now.
Tall Lorda.
You think?
Yeah.
Yeah, we only need an 80 bucks instead of last one.
That's a work kind of like Taylor and off.
We need 235 bucks between now and two o'clock.
It gets even 13,000.
It'll be a nice day.
It'll be almost a grand for today.
It'll be well worth the goes going out there for.
Otherwise, major waste of time.
And we're pissed off.
You see how close we are to be happy about it?
Right, we're very close.
So up to the audience, up to you, Shell Station, University and Broward Boulevard, instead
of going in there and wasting your money on emphatoning donuts.
Right?
Right.
We're going right up the car well up there.
In fact, you can go to car well just eat half the amount ice cream you were going to buy.
Don't get quite so many emphion sausages.
What else is in that?
Nothing.
Is it what?
Isn't that neck of the woods?
There ain't nothing no more.
A lot of it.
There's that Chinese restaurant there, the Coriander Palace.
You know what I'm talking about?
Nope.
The one where everything in the place smells like armpits?
Oh, no.
I really don't know.
Yeah, you do.
We've talked about it.
Anyway, so we're at some to the audience.
You've got 14 minutes when you turn in 35 bucks, which is what?
Figured out 20 into 235.
It's not hard, man.
I figured 240 is 12.
12, 12 deals.
Or six people with 40 bucks.
That's more like it.
Right?
Or somebody really generally wants to.
It cares about the puppies.
In fact, it's right next door to that fine plantation animal hospital, right?
Wouldn't you think that a lot of people are picking up or dropping off their little dogs
and cats?
They would stop by over there at the Shell Gas Station, gas up a little bit.
And then see how to say how to Miguel and throw them a few bucks.
It would be the right thing to do.
That would definitely be the right thing to do if you care about dogs or cats.
I mean, even cats.
I was speaking to cats, ro me so magazines, this mash hit with the Chinese.
What?
The Chinese are moving in the cats, man.
They like to stick with that dog and fry him up real good, little crisco.
Hmm.
Why do you think they love those symees, cats so much?
Chinese readers bought nearly every copy of the inaugural edition of Rolling Stone and
Beijing yesterday on the cover of the first edition in Chinese of the American Bible
of Pop culture is Quijon.
The godfather of Chinese rock and roll featuring the 44 year old rock star was a bold choice.
Quy only lasted 10 per plate this first public concert in China in 12 years to nearly 10,000
fans in the workers' stadium in Beijing.
The magazine features Jay Chao, a pop star from Taiwan, a Nigo or Japanese hip hop artist
and Mu Zimi, a Chinese blogger famous for her sex diary to round out its Asian input.
More than half of the content is translated from the US edition.
I'll tell you one thing about those Chinese, the government may be repressive, but they
share, I say, I don't know, I guess, I know against a lot of them more than two children
there now.
That's what I heard, but maybe they changed that.
No, I don't think so.
Oh no, more than two kids, but a Bing.
They shoot off your throes.
Right, but Beijing.
Right.
And opening it to where Rolling Stone says, today we're sending out a call to our readers,
let us join together in the East to create a legend that will be worthy of this age, whatever
the hell that means.
A legend.
Sales have been brisk since it hit the streets on Saturday.
One magazine, stall holder, said I've sold out.
That's more than 20 copies today.
Maybe it's because of the free gift, but I think it's because people are quite interested
to read this new magazine.
A baseball cap with Rolling Stone on the front is tucked into the magazine.
I'm going to keep this as a souvenir when they could be a collector's item, said Wang
Tong as he bought the stall's last copy.
Don't you think that the Orioles could do it, work a little bit on the names and also
the Muslims, you know, what?
I'm sure it sounds normal to them.
I mean, everybody, yeah, but everybody is named either Ahmed or Mohammed or accommodation
or El Elvis, Al Rosen, Al Goldstein, Al Schwartz, Al, you know, Solomon.
I think you can use these names.
A little name help.
Everyone is a wall.
Maybe Book of Brown could create something fancy for him.
5667-0560, pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless lines.
Can we take a couple of calls here?
Really shining the colors here, but that's because they were so good now.
I want to get all that good stuff in there.
Somebody QYM, hello?
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
A website you should probably check out is called ImpeachTack.org.
Okay.
It's a, I read about yesterday's and Wall Street Journal.
It's an organization that's trying to create awareness.
Oh, right.
The impeachment of both President Bush and VP Cheney.
And it's, you know, right now they're looking for funding.
They also have sample letters that you can download and, you know, basically just put your
own name on them and...
Oh, huh, huh.
Be careful about that, Talley.
Be careful about that.
So what?
Somebody else's name on it.
If you get a chance, check it out.
If you think it's worth plugging, then hopefully we'll hear more about it.
Okay.
I'll take a look at it.
Thanks.
I mean, I'm only half joking when I say that because I think people are going to be
very...
And that's the whole idea is to intimidate the public like all those little grandmas
and grandpas, you know, they get together and they have their cookies like we saw in
Furnite 9-11, you know.
And next thing, you know, the FBI is there, the CIA, they're all investigating and they're
knocking on your door.
They're conducting all kinds of...
You know, they're just terrorizing these people because they have the audacity to publicly
speak out.
And like Cindy Sheen, you know, how long did it take?
How many minutes did it take?
Stop doing it, man!
Before they started the smear and smear campaign on her because she had the audacity to suggest
that her son gave his life for nothing based on a pack of lies.
Shame on her.
So there are a lot of people and this is where the way fascism works, you know, you silence
everybody in the thread just like the thing with the reporters now.
They're fond of that story we had yesterday and you think America cares?
Remember what they don't?
That's a problem.
And we got Kura Phillips there on CNN talking crap.
It came, it came.
Oh, brother.
I'd like to see a big tumor growing on her forehead very before 2 o'clock.
From 150 votes, we're doing great on that poll.
Sensational.
The woman you most desire.
We're doing great on the website.
We're doing great with everything else.
But the thing with the CD.
Seriously, how much do you think we're going to raise?
You said three months we're going to do this.
So be March, April, May.
40 to 50.
I say just to be sure.
Let's carry it on until the summer schedule starts.
Okay.
Like the middle of June, for my June vacation.
50 grand.
I think we can do that.
Yeah.
That wouldn't be too bad.
Wouldn't be bad at all.
That would make it all worthwhile.
I mean, we're almost at 13 right now.
We'd be really, we'd be ecstatic.
We would be squeezing our knee cast.
We'd be like dancing a jig and a Kuzansky and a Kano-Hora and whatever else.
If I took a clock, we got that extra $235.
Do you think it's going to happen?
No.
No.
Why not?
Why are you so negative?
Oh, it's just my style.
No wonder our clearance hates you.
Not even.
Maybe it was very, we had a good chat.
Good.
I relieved.
As the bishop said, we have an understanding.
Of course, remember what happened to the bishop clearance?
Don't forget that.
No, that was a good scene.
Remember that when he went to humbling down there?
It was a spiral staircase to Vatican.
That was a long fall.
Yeah, the flowing, flowing down there.
I mean, oh, that was so lovely.
It had such a nice outfit.
One thing you got to say about those pan-gisets for you, Vatican.
Are these stamped aggressors?
Yeah, they are.
I was going to say Faggot.
Very bond.
First Kirby Pucket died.
Now, I couldn't very bond Zidane Kirby Puckets Day alive.
Josh.
Very bones.
Very bones.
That was cute.
Very bones.
Oh my God.
And of course, he's getting by on a bear bones budget.
He only makes about 15 million years.
Something like that to be doing all emeroids.
That's right.
And if this book, I just have a feeling they didn't publish a book like that without
knowing their crap, having their ducks in a row.
They don't know how he really is doing.
They're trying to make a couple of bucks.
Creams and potions and lotions and shmurrin' this and pop and pill.
I think that I have an asterisk because the idea that to put him in the same category
would like real ball players like faggot and stop baby Ruth.
What?
It's tired, this argument.
Put him in the same category would like real ball players.
That would be like putting race horses that are using stimulants and drugs in the same
category would like niatross and secretariat.
This is the Neurodgers.
This is 5.16 QA.
Kacing you're on QA.
We don't have any national guards in them because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right
now.
Not the National Guard.
Not the National Guard.
No National Guard in Iraq?
No National Guard in Iraq.
Oh, what is it?
I got a call here.
No number one is Ravens and they don't know how it is they've been in their show.
At least they're calling them my aspirations.
They're away from me.
I don't even know how you have children.
They're away from me.
I don't even know how you have children.
I don't even know how you have children.
I don't even know how you have children.
They're away from me.
I am the hate feet lady.
Is that great Korda back in the good days?
I like ChatbBear.
Oh, and not the legend.
He's got extraordinary, smooth â€”è¶³ up, the totops.
Oh, yeah.
Three utility checkæ··ret.
or what you say here.
Fuck it.
Thank you.
No, no, no wait a minute.
Go go.
But, uh, nothing else to say.
Eww lol.
How about this?
I was the weather down there in the mirror mob.
I'm right down the street from you.
Oh, I know?
Wait.
By the way, stop.
No, no, I have to go.
Look, I tell you what, I'll hold you over to break house that.
I'll give you one of my old tank t-shirts.
That's not right.
That was the only color we had.
The things on your nose is growing again.
The door is going to go away.
The door is going to go away.
The door is going to go away.
The door is going to go away.
Wow!
It's got things going to say.
On your nose and on your face.
And around those holes in the mouth.
You'll walk high and high and high.
If you go up and down here I'll be.
A road map of Yitzel and Lee.
You're just your happy son.
Way to fly, fly, fly, fly.
My nose glows when something stays.
Almost every day I paint.
And my paint says that they start to tickle.
My eye denies the door to the door.
Yeah, I go like the corner back.
And because I don't quit the old path.
When the door starts to tickle, then.
I'm going to fly.
I'm going to fly.
I'm going to fly.
I'm going to fly.
I'm going to fly.
I'm going to fly.
I'm going to fly.
I'm going to fly.
Okay, almost out of time.
Now here's the big number.
Here comes that magical moment.
It's going to be bad news.
I'm afraid.
And the final is 850.
850.
So close.
12,855.
All we need was another 145 bucks.
Seven more people.
Seven raid.
And you want to know what there is only one.
Let's find some good in that.
You know what is?
It's good for you.
For who?
For Josh.
Why is that?
Because that means now tonight at Smolk.
Oh, the Friday of the year.
He needs to do.
He needs to do.
He needs to do.
He needs to do.
He needs to do.
He needs to do.
He needs to do.
He needs to do.
He needs to do.
He needs to do.
He needs to do.
He needs to do.
He needs to do.
He needs to do.
He needs to do.
He needs to do.
He needs to do.
He needs to do.
He needs to do.
He needs to do.
He needs to do.
He needs to do.
He needs to do.
He needs to do.
He needs to do.
He needs to do.
He needs to do.
